4APPLICATION : Total Commander 7.55 *CRACKED*
         OS : Win95/98/ME/NT 3.51/4.0/2000/XP
       TYPE : Filemanager
        WWW : http://www.ghisler.com
    RELDATE : 17/06/2010
 PROTECTION : Keyfile, Nag, Crc, Compressed / Upx
 CRKRELDATE : 20/06/2010

INSTALLATION: Install.
              Copy .exe in crack dir. to install dir.

       NOTES: I really had a good time cracking this app again.
              Some minor changes, but still fun.. and ghisler left a msg.

              004E9AA2 ; |Text = "Using Cracks is unfair!
              Please get the official release from www.ghisler.com."

              I left messages back if they check out this exe. I think
              they touched one of my cracks before, coz i found this
              msg at a certain point, in one of my used crack routines.

              Sorry for the delay, been working and drinking beer in the sun!

              tadaaah! the saga continues day and night.. enjoy / ONY

ABOUT: 

7.55

-  Two file windows side by side
-  Multiple language and Unicode support
-  Enhanced search function
-  Compare files (now with editor) / synchronize directories
-  Quick View panel with bitmap display
-  ZIP, ARJ, LZH, RAR, UC2, TAR, GZ, CAB, ACE archive handling + plugins
-  Built-in FTP client with FXP (server to server) and HTTP proxy support
-  Parallel port link, multi-rename tool
-  Tabbed interface, regular expressions, history+favorites buttons
-  Thumbnails view, custom columns, enhanced search
-  Compare editor, cursor in lister, separate trees, logging, enhanced overwrite
   dialog etc.
-  Unicode names almost everywhere, long names (>259 characters), password manager
   for ftp and plugins, synchronize empty dirs, 64 bit context menu,
   quick file filter (Ctrl+S)
-  New: USB port connection via special direct transfer cable, partial branch view
   (Ctrl+Shift+B), and many imporvements to ftp, synchronizing and other functions

   And lots of other stuff since prev. versions.

-  Full Unicode support in most functions where it is possible, including
   FTP, ZIP packer, and plugin interfaces
-  Support for file names longer than 259 characters (up to 1022) in most
   file operations
-  Compare by content allows to compare text files of different type, e.g.
   Ansi and UTF-8
-  The current directory above the file lists can act as a clickable bar
   ("breadcrumb bar")
-  Option to show *.bar file in button bar as a popup menu instead of
   switching bars
-  Show icons and subfolders in ftp connection dialog
-  Protect the stored ftp passwords with a master password using AES256
   encryption
-  FTP, PORT mode: Allow to specify external IP address of the Internet
   router
-  Start Lister, compare by content or synchronize dirs directly via command
   line parameters
-  Comments (Ctrl+Z) can now have a max. length of 4095 characters,
   and support line breaks
-  Synchronize dirs: Option to synchronize also empty directories, option to
   copy just specific file properties (like the time)
-  Create CRC checksums now also supports the SHA1 hash format
-  Allow to use the Windows key for user-defined hotkeys
-  On 64-bit Windows, allow to use 64-bit shell extensions in local menu
   (context menu)
-  New internal command cm_SwitchX64Redirection to turn redirection of
   system32 dir under 64-bit Windows on/off
-  Internal unpacking of multi-part RAR archives, and RAR archives where
   the file names are encrypted
-  Copy files/directories to multiple target directories (or lnk files
   pointing to directories) in one operation
-  Quick search with search dialog: Show button which allows to show only
   files/dirs matching the filter
-  Switch character encodings in Lister
-  New internal association system, e.g. for using Total Commander from an
   USB stick
-  See history.txt for all additions and fixes 

7.04a

   This update mainly corrects an error in the delete function: It could
   delete the file under the cursor instead of the selected files if the 
   current directory was changed in the background while the delete confirmation
   dialog was up (only when the function "Auto-Refresh when the file system
   changes" was active). It also corrects problems with unpacking multi-volume
   RAR files, AES encryption on NT4, and an access violation when starting
   minimized to the system tray. We recommend that you install the update as
   soon as possible!

7.04

- This update mainly adds support for ZIP encryption, both the old ZIP2.0
  format, and the new AES (advanced encryption standard) format. It also fixes
  errors found after the release of Total Commander 7.03, and adds some
  improvements to existing functions.

- Long filename support in Windows 95/98/ME and Windows NT/2000/XP
- FTP client to transfer files over the Internet
- Direct access to Network Neighborhood (without mounting a drive)
- Directory history list, supports 'go back' and 'go forward'
- Directory hotlist (configurable bookmark menu) - CTRL+D
- Split/Combine big files
- Encode/Decode files in UUE, XXE and MIME format
- New flat look (old 3d look configurable)
- Supports Drag & Drop with the mouse
- 32bit: Drag&drop from and to explorer and the desktop.
- Extended copying, moving, renaming and deleting of entire trees.
- Compare files by content
- Copy and pack in the background (separate thread)
- Synchronize two directories or a ZIP archive and a directory
- Bitmap viewer in lister
- Print in lister
- Restore selection with NUM /
- Archives are handled like subdirectories. You can easily copy files
  to and from archives. The appropriate archiver program is automatically
  called. ZIP packer/unpacker built-in.
- Internal unpacker for ARJ, LZH, TAR, GZ, CAB, RAR and ACE. Plugins are
  available on www.ghisler.com
- Start menu (User-defined commands).
- Configurable button bar.
- Command line for the simple starting of programs with parameters.
- Enhanced search function with full text search even inside archives.
- File search for duplicate files
- Built in file viewer (F3) to view files of ANY SIZE in hex, binary or text
  format, using either the ASCII- (DOS) or the ANSI- (Windows) character set.
- Internal ZIP packer.
- Copy files directly from one archive to another
- Direct cable connection through the parallel port
- Powerful multi-rename tool
- Print directories, subdirectories and whole trees
- Background transfer manager for long operations

and more...