This movie rated as best picture on the Ebert and Siskel for 1987

If someone tells you they arent worthy of trust - and yet you see fit
to take a chance with such a person as that - whose fault is it really-
"if you get took"! Thats the question Joe Mantegna asks in this movie
as articulated in the interview we have here included for you as a 
"DVD extra". We tried previously to upconvert this to higher res -
however it hust wanst bit rate rich enough and so Im sorry we tried.
Here we bring you tehe right 720 X 480 res instead wih 192k audio too.
Its not bluray - however I promise you that will happen as soon as possible
to do.

This is a truly great movie to see. Lindsay Crouse is a gentle soul who is
taken for a bit of a ride by characters who are in fact alienated from her Christianly spirit. She may seem tough on the exterior at times, however
that is mere defensiveness she has learned as a coping mechanism in what
has been her world. Joe Mantegna is magnificent, seeming to want to be a
nice guy while having instincts he cannot control at the root of his 
character in this very fine movie.

There are twists and turns which will astound you and the suspense 
is captivating and thrilling. It really is a movie worth seeing and 
owning in your personal library, worthy of a cult following even. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093223/

If psychological drama and suspense is your thing, and you enjoy an
intelligent uptake on it, grab this one while we await the bluray vers.

While we do have a French version of this movie too, we are uncertain of
its base of seeds here that we had years ago - same goes for the lovely
bluray HD version of Reds we have that is dubbed in Russian. We do hope there
is some interest in that too. However we have many others ready to go for 
which we know there should be great support. Our Das Boot (currently showing
zero seeds/peers on the board here due to a glitch of some sort) got about 70 completions reasonably quickly done, and its still seeding the folks right now
in fact with peers still joining the queue.

We are speaking to top management of the local phone company for a special deal
as they once said they might get us fiber optic here even though the area is yet
to be serviced with it broadly speaking. There were some issues involved
in our previous dsl service and they indicated then they might just make
it happen for us - it would replace 50 seeders or more just to have one
modem on fiber optic compared to cable or dsl service. we are already at the
maximum speed for cable in this country and so fiber optic will have to save
the day, given we have a great deal yet to accomplish inclusing our mp3s and
karaoke - we never want anyone to miss a seed - if we can at all help it!

We have about a dozen classics in best seller bluray converts - 
we havent even launched yet!

Michael Rizzo Chessman
