Hottest scene tracker on net :    http://www.scenetime.com
             
 

 Join now and support  scenetime.com  to grow faster
 
 Credit to EVERYONE for sharing and seeding back
 especially to scenetime.com where i get all my 
 downloads.



...................................NFO:.................................................
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                       Holby.City.S12E55.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.10.14
              Genre...........: Drama

       55/55 - Misfit Love
       The relationship between Faye and Linden breaks down as Linden 
       discovers a number of lies she has told in her desperation not to 
       lose him. Despite his attempts to leave her, he can't help but try 
       and save her when she is threatened by a drug addict. His act of 
       chivalry ends up costing him his life.
       
       Michael is called into work on his day off to explain some figures 
       he's lied about in his plans for Holbycare. Things go from bad to 
       worse when a woman he's slept with asks him to operate on her 
       varicose vein. When he realises that Ric is behind people 
       scrutinising his proposal, he punches him and swiftly loses not 
       only his pitch for Holbycare but also his DoS job.
       
       Frieda is in a good mood after Oliver asks her out for a drink to 
       say thank you for bailing him out. She even considers applying for 
       an F1 job when Penny pushes her. However, when Penny realises the 
       reason behind Frieda's mood, she asks Oliver what he is playing at. 
       Oliver doesn't want to lead Frieda on and so cancels the drink, and 
       Frieda throws the application form in the bin.
       


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai