Latest update of the levelingguide for World of Warcraft 3.3, injoy

"As you probably already know, recently we released a huge new feature  #   
in our guides - the Smart Injection System  SIS .

This new system allows a pre-leveled character to start using our 
guides much easier than ever before. It also allows players to use 
Recruit-A-Friend and Heirlooms with the guides, as well as do other 
things in the game that could make the player get ahead of the guides. 
Such things like doing instances or pvp with friends  #  , or simply getting 
unlucky with drop rates and getting ahead of the guide.

Nonetheless, when we released this system, it was meant to be a 
revolutionary leap for leveling guides, which would fix many major 
problems players were encountering with leveling guides as a whole.

Unfortunately, this new system did not come without snags. The major 
problem with the system so far is that many quests in the game are 
part of "hidden" quest chains - meaning the quests may be unlocked by 
completing another quest or something, but there is no clear chain of 
quests, which you might see on wowhead.com, for example.

Obviously, this needs to be fixed in order for SIS to work  #   at its full 
potential. So, for the last week, our team has been focused on finding 
these "hidden" quest chains and tying them all together in our guides, 
so that SIS will work much more smoothly for you.

That's what this email is all about. We are happy to announce that 
both our Alliance and Horde leveling guides have had these "hidden" 
quest chains linked together for levels 1-60."
 
http://www.zygorguides.com

Version: 2.0.736
Last Updated On:
January 5th, 2010

Alliance Guides Change Log:
Level 68-70 Guide - Verified all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 66-68 Guide - Verified all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 64-66 Guide - Verified all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 62-64 Guide - Verified all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 60-62 Guide - Verified all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 55-60 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Death Knight  #   55-60 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 50-55 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 45-50 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 40-45 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 35-40 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 30-35 Guide - Verified all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 25-30 Guide - Verified all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 20-25 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
Level 13-20 Guide - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
All 1-13 Starter  #   Guides - Made sure all quest chains were tied together correctly, even "hidden" chains.
