Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


The Ramones - Sheena Is A Punk Rocker (Beat Club) (2nafish)


"Sheena Is a Punk Rocker" is a song by the punk rock group The Ramones. It first appeared on their third LP, Rocket to Russia, in 1977, and was also included on later pressings of the group's second album, Leave Home. It was released as a single, reaching #81 in the US, and #22 in the UK singles charts, backed with "I Don't Care", which was also included on Rocket to Russia.

The song was written by lead singer by the band, and is one of their more popular and enduring songs, showing the band's surf rock influences.

The song is ranked #457 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

The song appears in the Stephen King movie Pet Sematary. In the film, a truck driver about to run over a child is distracted by singing along to the tune. The Ramones also wrote and performed the theme song "Pet Sematary".

The song is adapted by The Horrors with their similarly titled song "Sheena is a Parasite".

"Danny Says" on the Ramones 1980 album, End of the Century, includes the lyrics, "Listening to Sheena on the radio".

The song inspired a poem, also called "Sheena Is a Punk Rocker", by Robert Archambeau.

Rocket to Russia is the third studio album by the American punk rock band The Ramones. It was released on November 4, 1977 through Sire Records. It was their last with original drummer Tommy Ramone. The album incorporates surf rock  and other influences. It includes some of the Ramones' best-known songs, including "Sheena Is a Punk Rocker" and "Teenage Lobotomy". In 2003, the album was ranked number 105 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

The Ramones were an American rock band formed in Forest Hills, Queens, New York in 1974 and often cited as the first punk rock group. Despite achieving only limited commercial success, the band was a major influence on the punk rock movement both in the United States and the United Kingdom.

All of the band members adopted pseudonyms ending with the surname "Ramone", though none of them were actually related. They performed 2,263 concerts, touring virtually nonstop for 22 years. In 1996, after a tour with the Lollapalooza music festival, the band played a farewell show and disbanded. By a little more than eight years after the breakup, the band's three founding members—lead singer Joey Ramone, guitarist Johnny Ramone, and bassist Dee Dee Ramone—had all died.

Their only record with enough U.S. sales to be certified gold was the compilation album Ramones Mania. Recognition of the band's importance built over the years, and they are now cited in many assessments of all-time great rock music, such as the Rolling Stone lists of the 50 Greatest Artists of All Time and VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock. In 2002, the Ramones were ranked the second-greatest band of all time by Spin magazine, trailing only The Beatles. On March 18, 2002, the Ramones—including the three founders and drummers Marky and Tommy Ramone—were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/