Date:
 07-16-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Dr. Bruce Goldberg, Joshua P. Warren 
 


In the first half of the program, hypnotherapist and author Dr. Bruce Goldberg discussed evidence of visits to our time and the distant past by time travelers from the future. According to Goldberg, time travel will be discovered around the year 3050 by a man named Taatos. Four different kinds of time travelers (see Figure 1), or chrononauts, utilize Taatos' discovery to shift into the fifth dimension, where they travel to our time and observe us undetected, Goldberg explained. 

As proof of all of this time travel, Goldberg pointed to an artist's illustration of a Stone Age etching found in a cave near Lussac-les-Chateaux, France (see Figure 2). The ancient sketch shows what appears to be a young woman, perhaps a chrononaut, wearing modern-type clothing. In addition, Goldberg believes that prehistoric dinosaur petroglyphs in Arizona (see Figure 3) and Utah (see Figure 4) may have been carved by time travelers tens of millions of years ago. Goldberg credited these time travelers with introducing advanced technology to the ancient world, as possibly recorded in an Egyptian hieroglyph from the Dendera Temple (see Figure 5). 

The time travelers' purpose seems to be to facilitate our spiritual growth towards ascension (the perfection of the soul and end of reincarnation), Goldberg said. He also offered some guidelines for practicing out-of-body experiences, as well as shared a fascinating case involving teleportation. Goldberg said a woman named Vivian had been pushed out of a moving car by her abusive boyfriend, and was able to teleport to her apartment before being hit by oncoming traffic. Her disappearance was observed by both the boyfriend and a driver who almost struck her, he added. 

---------------------------------------- 

During Open Lines, Doug in St. Louis reported hearing a Banshee scream in his family's 140-year-old home. The cry of the Banshee is said to be an omen of death. According to Doug, the same night he and his wife heard a mysterious scream from the hallway next to their bedroom, his mother-in-law suffered a stroke. Another caller named Doug told George about his time travel visions into the future. Doug said he experienced life in the years 2312 and 2525, as well as in the 31st century. Dan from New Jersey described being tormented by a ventriloquist puppet named Dummy. Dan claimed the pesky puppet could move by itself and randomly appeared around the house to terrorize him. When he could take no more, Dan said he hacked up Dummy with steak knife and disposed of the remains in a garbage truck. 


Website(s):
drbrucegoldberg.com
joshuapwarren.com
Book(s):
Exploring The Fifth Dimension: Parallel Universes, Teleportation and Out of Body Travel 
Egypt: An Extraterrestrial And Time Traveler Experiment
Time Travelers From Our Future
Custom Design Your Own Destiny
Ascension: The Art of Soul Perfection and the Attainment of Grace