File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:05:02

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 25.00
BitRate : 2884 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.06 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


The Final Frontier is British heavy metal band Iron Maiden's fifteenth studio album, released on August 13, 2010 in Germany and Finland, August 17 in the United States, and August 16 worldwide. At 76 minutes and 34 seconds, it is the band's longest studio album to date. It is their first album since the release of A Matter of Life and Death in 2006, the longest gap to date between two consecutive Iron Maiden studio albums. The North American leg of their tour in support of the album started in Dallas, Texas on June 9, with a European tour beginning in Dublin on July 30, an Australian tour beginning in Melbourne on February 23, 2011, and further dates to be announced. Melvyn Grant, a long-time contributor to the band's artwork, created the cover art for the album.

Prior to the album's release, band founder Steve Harris was quoted as saying that he imagined the band would release a total of fifteen studio albums. The titles of the album, tour, and opening track fuelled further rumours that The Final Frontier would be the band's final album. The band members have since admitted that they hope to release further albums and continue touring into the future.

The album has received unanimously positive reviews.

The album was reviewed by Classic Rock on July 23, being praised as "densely-layered and substantial" as well as "beautifully paced and disarmingly complex" and "a fresh take on a sound that has admirably withstood three decades of fashions and fads".

Metal Hammer published a track-by-track guide to the album on July 16, calling it "a demanding album, but one that most Maiden fans are going to absolutely adore...". In a later review of the album, the magazine said that "to hear an album this good from a band of this vintage is nigh on miraculous... We're unbelievably lucky that they're still around. Long may the Maiden reign".

Kerrang! rated the album "a record that'll still bowl you over in a decade's time."

The Quietus reviewed the album on August 11, commenting that "The Final Frontier takes time, it takes effort, but it's overwhelmingly brilliant. They haven’t just served up the easy option - that would have been boring for us and, more importantly you feel, boring for them."

Allmusic noted that "The Final Frontier still brings Iron Maiden closer to their aesthetic legacy and triumphant year 2000 rebirth than its two predecessors."

Joe Bosso of MusicRadar published a track-by-track review of the album, saying that "Iron Maiden have created a work full of hypnotic excitement, unconventional structure and dizzying vision...the group have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams."

Consequence of Sound deemed the album "easily the best from the six-piece since 2000’s Brave New World".

Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles said that "this is a thrilling and deeply satisfying glimpse into a brave new future for the people’s metal band."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/