PC GAME DISC IMAGE

Spec Ops: Stealth Patrol / Rangers Lead the Way

Includes: one .ISO file  

DRM: CD-check only (easily circumvented)

Category: Third Person Shooter

Author: Take 2 Interactive 

CHEATS: Viewfinder cheat

 Cheat code: [Alt] + [Shift] + V

 Effect: Unlocks secret viewfinder item.  Use the item highlighted in blue on each soldier to make your soldier invulnerable to bullets.  It will launch your soldier high into the air, allowing you to reach new places.  If you did it correctly, the level and all sprites should flash blue. 

>NO GAME DATA HAS BEEN REMOVED<
 I removed some junk from the disk image to reduce file size.  This being an AOL trial, a scary DSS agent, several demos, and the register online program. I left everything else including music and the videos. This tinkering did not affect game playability.

>>If you can, please ascertain that my upload does not have any malware by posting your opinion. Also, post if you want the PSX version. I have that too and might upload upon request.

Title Disambiguation: 
 The name of the original PlayStation game was SpecOps: Stealth Patrol, but the later PC version was called Rangers Lead the Way. The PC game is graphically inferior to the PlayStation version in "Software Render' mode.  A free patch should still be available from SmartSaver to allow DirectX and openGL to render the graphics. (they are atrocious otherwise.)If you decide not to use the patch, Choose software rendering upon install.      

 This should work on any virtual drive or a burned disk. Works on XP and earlier, should work on Vista and Windows7.  I tested it with Alcohol virtual drives and it should work with Daemon tools as well.  The game has great joystick and game-pad support; It should work with any USB or analog gameport controller. 

Minimum System Requirements:(This game runs great on weak computers too.)

CPU 166 MHz
RAM 16 MB
SOUND DirectX compatible
HDD 60MB /106MB (full install)
8x CD-ROM (virtual drive works better)


Thank you for looking. I appreciate seeders.
