File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd recorder: Plextor PX-716SA
Cd Ripper: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 4
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tpb.tracker.thepiratebay.org:80/announce;
Torrent Hash: D3D76D39984D17E9A340D4A673EFFF43DF2A5D39
File Size: 1.14 Gb
Label: MCA/EMI



Albums, Years & Catalog #: in this torrent:


Brand New Day ( 1996 ) MCASD 81009
Silent Radar ( 1998 ) 72438 59031 2 0
Slomotion ( 2001 ) 07243 524575 2 6





Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


The group was formed in 1988 in Winnipeg, Manitoba by vocalist Daniel Greaves, guitarist Joey Serlin, bassist Pete Loewen and Greaves' first cousin, drummer Sammy Kohn. Serlin was a comic fan and named the group after the DC comic.

The band toured Canada extensively and became a popular live act, largely on the strength of its energetic shows, which invariably featured an a cappella performance by Greaves at some point in the set. Greaves often covered songs by Billy Bragg, Simon and Garfunkel, Lyle Lovett, The La's, Tom Waits and others during these solo spots, and fans came to look forward to them as a highlight of each show. On rare occasions, Greaves performed more than one a cappella song in a set: at one 1998 performance broadcast live on radio, Greaves entertained the in-person audience during commercial breaks by singing Nicarauguan folk songs in addition to performing Billy Bragg's "Between The Wars."

The band was discovered by producer Chris Wardman while playing at Toronto's Horseshoe Tavern. Wardman offered to produce the band, and they released their debut album, McLaren Furnace Room, in 1992. (The album was named for one of the band's rehearsal spaces, the furnace room of the McLaren Hotel in Winnipeg.) The album was released by Wardman's Sumo Productions and distributed by MCA records. The single "Cracked" garnered the band significant airplay on rock stations, but was quickly eclipsed by the anti-spousal abuse anthem "Run and Hide", which became the band's breakthrough hit.

In 1993, Loewen left the band amicably to spend more time with his family. At the urging of Watchmen manager Jake Gold, Newfoundlander Ken Tizzard auditioned and replaced Loewen as the group's new bassist. Members of the Watchmen have commented that Tizzard's recruitment sparked a change in band dynamics and songwriting: before Tizzard joined the group, most the songs were written by Serlin alone; afterwards, the majority of songs were group compositions, with Serlin and Greaves sharing lyric-writing duties.

In October 1993, the band won the annual Discovery To Disc contest held by Toronto's CFNY-FM radio station (better known as 102.1 The Edge). The contest, which aimed to support new Canadian alternative rock artists, awarded the group $100,000 to go towards recording expenses.

The band's second album, In The Trees, was released on MCA records in July 1994. The record was a major success, confirming the band's place in Canadian rock with the hit singles "Boneyard Tree", "All Uncovered" and "Lusitana". The album was certified Platinum in Canada after selling over 100,000 copies.

Their 1996 album Brand New Day was not as well-received by critics or audiences -- "Zoom", "Incarnate" and "Shut Up" were moderately successful singles, but none achieved the kind of success that the band's earlier singles had. Nevertheless, the band launched an extensive tour of Canada and Europe which lasted into 1997.

Following this album, the band left MCA records and was signed to EMI. 1998's Silent Radar was the band's return to commercial success, with the hit singles "Stereo", "Any Day Now", "Brighter Hell" and "Say Something". The album was produced by Adam Kasper in Seattle's Studio Litho (owned by Stone Gossard of Pearl Jam fame), and was released in March 1998. That autumn, the band won a MuchMusic award for best of use new technology, owing to the inclusion of innovative web- and CD-ROM-based features on the Silent Radar CD. On the strength of the album, in 1999 the Watchmen also toured Australia for the first time, where "Stereo" received airplay on Triple J. They toured the nation with The Screaming Jets, and also made an appearance on the ABC-TV show Recovery, performing "Say Something."

Following the Silent Radar tour, Sammy Kohn amicably left the band to work in the music business. The band had been experimenting with electronic and industrial textures prior to Kohn's departure, and performed tracks with electronic features live during Kohn's final tour with the band. After Kohn's exit, the Watchmen moved sharply towards electronica, using programmed electronic drums on new recordings rather than recruiting a new live drummer.

The Watchmen's 2001 album Slomotion saw the remaining members experimenting with more industrial textures and making use of a drum machine to replace Kohn. The band also packaged the album with a second greatest hits disc. The album was, however, poorly received, with only the single "Absolutely Anytime" gaining any radio airplay. Drummer Ryan Ahoff joined as an auxiliary member for the subsequent tour, and the band performed with a mixture of live drums and programmed drum tracks on its newer, more electronic material.

In November 2003 the band decided to go their separate ways. However, they decided that before they did so, they would perform one last short tour across Canada as a "Thank You" to their fans. The tour was called "The Watchman's Last Road Trip" and included 9 concerts in 6 Canadian cities and 1 American city. Ahoff again joined the band for the tour which also saw a guest appearance by original bassist Pete Loewen during the encore of their last show in their hometown of Winnipeg on December 20, 2003.

The band subsequently disbanded. Greaves went on to form Doctor with Rob Higgins, Tizzard joined Thornley, and Serlin appeared on Ryan Malcolm's debut album before forming his own new band, Redline. Greaves and Tizzard occasionally perform together as the electronic duo Audio Playground High + Wide.

The "classic" lineup of Greaves, Serlin, Kohn and Tizzard have announced a small reunion tour. Kohn convinced the other members to take part in the reunion tour after showing them a myspace page where fans still talked about their favourite songs, and performances. The Watchmen played at Maverick's in Ottawa on September 19, 2008 and Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto on September 26 & 27, 2008. They played a short 45 minute set as part of Powerball in Winnipeg at the MTS Centre on October 30, 2008. They have a show scheduled in Calgary on October 31, 2008 at The Gateway. A show in Barrie, ON was cancelled until further notice after renovations to the venue were not completed on time.




Brand New Day 1996



Brand New Day is the third studio album by The Watchmen. It was released in March 1996. Although the song "Incarnate" was a moderate hit, this album was the least popular of the band's studio albums. The band made three videos ("Incarnate", "Shut Up", and "Zoom") which all saw play on MuchMusic, but the extra promotion was not enough to boost the success of the album.

This is the only studio album by the band not to be certified at least Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association. This was seen as a major disappointment as this album followed the band's most commercially successful release (In The Trees).

The band has noted that they went into the recording studio less prepared than before. This allowed more studio experimentation than previous releases including more strings, harp, piano, trumpet, viola, violin and cello. Because the tracks were shaped in the studio, most of the album was not designed specifically to be played live. This proved to be a challenge for a band noted for their live shows.

The album provided the band with their second Juno nomination as they were nominated for North Star Rock Album of the Year at the 1997 Juno Awards. As was the case with their first Juno nomination, the band lost the award to their MCA Records labelmates, The Tragically Hip.


Tracks:


1.	"Zoom" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics:Joey Serlin) - 3:29 
2.	"Shut Up" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics:Daniel Greaves) - 3:49 
3.	"Incarnate" (Serlin) - 3:21 
4.	"Dance Some More" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) - 3:39 
5.	"Kill The Day" (Serlin) - 3:17 
6.	"Tumbleweed" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Serlin) - 3:05 
7.	"The Other Side/Waste Away" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) - 3:30/3:34 
8.	"My Favorite One" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) - 3:59 
9.	"Bicycle" (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Serlin) - 4:16 
10.	"Beach Music" (The Watchmen) - 4:27 
11.	"What You Did" (Serlin) - 3:26 







Silent Radar 1998


Silent Radar is the fourth studio album by The Watchmen. The album contained numerous hits including "Stereo", "Any Day Now", and "Say Something". Videos for "Stereo" and "Any Day Now" saw heavy play on MuchMusic in 1998, but by the time the video for "Brighter Hell" was released in 1999, the momentum had slowed and this video was seen infrequently.

While their previous three albums were released by MCA Records, this was the first release from the band by EMI Music Canada. In 1995, Seagram Company Ltd. acquired 80% of MCA and the following year the new owners dropped the MCA name; the company became Universal Studios, Inc. and its music division, MCA Music Entertainment Group, was renamed Universal Music Group.

The album was certified Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association on July 30, 1998.

The biggest change on the CD was the band's embrace of the internet. The CD included a CD-activated key to access multi-media material in a secret area of the band's website. The CD activated website was the first use of this technology for a major-label band.

This gave the band three websites: their old website done in a traditional fashion, a new site dedicated to their new record Silent Radar, and a main site which included WAG, the band's official "magazine."

At the time, their webzine WAG set the band apart from their contemporaries. The webzine was filled with writing from the various band members and included digital photos taken by the band, tour diaries, feature articles, and a summary of the band's reviews of concerts, books, records and gear.

The goal of the band in this internet endeavor was to allow them to give people a little taste of who they were when not on stage and what they think about.

The release of the album was also unique for its time. They unveiled the album one piece at a time over the internet. Starting Thursday March 5, 1998, a piece of the artwork from the new album was posted on a special website, along with a snippet of one song from the album. Between March 5, 1998 and March 27, 1998, a new piece and a new song was posted every other day until the puzzle was descrambled, and fans had seen and heard bits of the whole tracklisting.

The first song to be put up on the site was the first single "Stereo", and the snippets were only up for a two-day period before it was replaced by the next song.

Following the Canadian release on March 31, 1998, the official album release party came as a live show by the band which was broadcast over the Internet on Thursday April 2, 1998. The webcast was a live show from the Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto.

Included with the initial release of the CD was a white card which contained "CD Active" Instructions to the album's secret website. Attached to this card was a coupon which could be mailed back to the band and the sender would receive a free live EP in the mail called Live Radar. Only those who sent back the card received the bonus CD.

The album provided the band with their third and final Juno nomination as they were nominated for Best Rock Album at the 1999 Juno Awards. As was the case with their previous two Juno nominations, the band lost the award to The Tragically Hip. (The band's next studio record, Slomotion, was not eligible for a Juno nomination as it contained a "greatest hits" bonus disc and thus did not meet the Juno requirement that a majority of the material on the album be previously unreleased.)


 Tracks: 

1.	"Stereo" - 4:04 
2.	"Any Day Now" - 4:41 
3.	"I'm Waiting" - 4:18 
4.	"Rooster" - 5:30 
5.	"Silent Radar" - 4:23 
6.	"Do It" - 5:38 
7.	"He's Gone" - 4:47 
8.	"Say Something" - 5:10 
9.	"On My Way" - 5:00 
10.	"Top of the World" - 4:10 
11.	"Come Around" - 3:58 
12.	"Brighter Hell" - 6:06 






 Slomotion 2001



Slomotion is the fifth studio album by The Watchmen. The album was released as 2 CD set where the second CD was a "Greatest Hits" package. This was the band’s last studio album.

After four albums, Sammy Kohn split from the group to work as Canadian promo rep for the Toronto offices of Boston-based roots label, Rounder Records. Musically, he hooked up with John Hornak and Michael Owen from reaulaudiowavetransfer. The new partnership took off instantly and resulted in a new band, the experimental trio Avenue One.

The loss of their drummer and original member would alter the band’s songwriting and sound. With Kohn gone, the various Watchmen hooked up their Macintosh computers with Pro Tools software and began experimenting with samples, backbeats and tape loops to create a collection of electronic tracks shot through with the band's trademark melodies. This change in direction divided fans and critics.

At this time, EMI Music Canada wanted to release a Greatest Hits package with one or two new songs. The band fought to include all 8 of the new songs they had completed. As a compromise, the new album became a 2 CD set but was priced as a single CD.

Disc One, dubbed Fast Forward, is a set of 8 new songs produced by Rhys Fulber (Front Line Assembly & Delerium) and DJ Iain, and also includes a remix of their song "Stereo" from Silent Radar. The songs feature programmed beats, and synthesizer sounds, a first for the band. Disc Two, dubbed Rewind, includes 9 of the band's best songs, culled from their previous four studio records.

In keeping with the band’s embrace of multimedia and the internet which began with Silent Radar, both discs contained multimedia components, including photos, video clips, and technology allowing fans to remix the song “Slomotion”. Both CDs also provided a link to a private website which could only be accessible to those who bought the CD.

The album's first single, "Absolutely Anytime", was released prior to the album and was moderately successful. The album was released in the first week of October 2001 and the bargain-priced double-CD set sold 7,908 copies in its first week of release. This placed it at No. 6 on the Canadian Album Charts. This was an improvement over the first week sales of the band’s previous album Silent Radar in April 1998 which sold 4,985 copies in its first week. The album was certified Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association on October 16, 2001.

The band made videos for "Slomotion" and "Holiday (Slow It Down)" in 2002, both of which saw good rotation on MuchMusic.

The band went on an extensive tour to support the new album. Band members Joey Serlin (Guitar, Vocals), Daniel Greaves (Vocals, Harmonica, Piano), and Ken Tizzard (Bass) were joined by Winnipegger Ryan Ahoff on Drums. In addition to playing bass, Tizzard also acted as the group’s DJ by working a turntable and other “digital doodads”. He took up the name OBScene to commemorate his new DJ skills.

Throughout the tour, the band continued to use the internet to promote their efforts. For example, the December 20, 2001 concert at the Congress Centre in Ottawa was webcast over the internet.

Following the promotion and tour for Slomotion, the band members went off to separate projects. However, as 2002 became 2003, the band members decided the band had run its course. The decision to fold the band came about not because of musical differences or nasty infighting, but because of a bad case of creative stagnation. Following the tour in support of Slomotion, the band members felt that their enthusiasm was more on the other projects and it was forced for The Watchmen, and it wasn't fair for the band or the fans.

Their fans showed their love for the band when they won the Entertainer of the Year Award at the 2002 Prairie Music Awards, an award that is decided by online voting.

In September 2003, prior to splitting, the band held a benefit concert to raise money for the Israeli Bobsled Team. Daniel Greaves' brother, David Greaves, who has dual Canadian-Israeli citizenship, is a member of the team. The team needed to raise $500,000 so that they could try to quality for the 2006 Winter Olympics but the team failed to qualify.

The decision to split was announced in November 2003. But instead of just fading away, the band did a short farewell tour across Canada at the end of December as a “Thank You” to fans. All shows from this tour are available for download and are dubbed the Last Road Trip Download Series




Tracks: 



CD 1 – Fast Forward


1.	Holiday (Slow It Down) (Daniel Greaves) 
2.	Absolutely Anytime (Joey Serlin) 
3.	No Longer Mine (Serlin) 
4.	Together (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) 
5.	Slomotion (Serlin) 
6.	I Like It (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) 
7.	Phone Call (Music: Greaves/Ken Tizzard, Lyrics: Greaves) 
8.	Soft Parade (Music: Serlin, Lyrics: Greaves) 
9.	Stereo (Remix) (Music: The Watchmen, Lyrics: Greaves) 



CD 2 – Rewind (Greatest Hits)


1.	Cracked (From: McLaren Furnace Room, 1992) 
2.	Run & Hide (From: McLaren Furnace Room, 1992) 
3.	Boneyard Tree (From: In The Trees, 1994) 
4.	All Uncovered (From: In The Trees, 1994) 
5.	Incarnate (From: Brand New Day, 1996) 
6.	Zoom (From: Brand New Day, 1996) 
7.	Shut Up (From: Brand New Day, 1996) 
8.	Any Day Now ( From: Silent Radar, 1998 ) 
9.	Brighter Hell ( From: Silent Radar, 1998 ) 





Enjoy :)
