File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:48

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 23.98
BitRate : 8386 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.17 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Mine" is a song written and recorded by American country pop artist Taylor Swift. It is the lead single from her third studio album, Speak Now, and the eleventh single release of her career. The song was released on August 4, 2010, two weeks ahead of the planned August 16 release, due to its online leak.

The music video was shot in Kennebunkport and Portland, Maine and will feature Swift getting married to a groom played by British actor Toby Hemingway. The director, Roman White, posted a blog on August 15, 2010 stating that the video was completed and that it was "insanely great." He went on to say that "you never really know what a piece is going to look like in the end, but when we were shooting this video everything was just perfect and you just had a feeling that it was all going to fall in to place perfectly . . . as it did."

The video premiered August 27, 2010 on CMT as part of a live half-hour special event that discussed the making of the video.

On August 20, a 30 second sneak peek of the video was released prior to the premiere on August 27 on CMT.

Photographs of many of the scenes, including the wedding scene, were leaked onto the internet prior to the video's release.

The video shows Swift being deeply troubled by the relationship of her parents. She meets a guy and falls in love with him, and the viewers follow the couple through a wild relationship. The video ends with them eventually marrying and having children.

Swift chose her longtime friend and look-alike Jaclyn Jarrett (the daughter of professional wrestler Jeff Jarrett) to play the younger version of herself in the video. Jaclyn's sisters Joslyn and Jeryn as well as Kyra Angle(daughter of professional wrestler Kurt Angle) also appear.

"Mine" is the first single from Swift's third album, Speak Now, which will be released on October 25, 2010 via Big Machine Records. She wrote the song herself and co-produced it with Nathan Chapman, the producer of her first two studio albums. Unlike with her past two albums, Swift wrote all of its material by herself.

In a live chat through Ustream.tv on July 20, 2010, Swift said about the song: "It's a song that is about ... my tendency to run from love." She added that every relationship she has been in "has ended in goodbye, has ended in breakups," and that "Mine" is "sort of about finding the exception to that."

On August 4, 2010, the song was leaked online, forcing it to be shipped to country radio prematurely, ahead of the intended August 16 release date. It is her eleventh official release to country radio, following five singles each from her first two studio albums.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/