This torrent has 85 Python programming books as of May 4, 2010. It is basically an updated version of the older March 2010 torrent. In this update some new books were added and some were updated. PDFs that serve as reference cards (cheat sheets) were put in a folder meant just for them.

TIP: Use the Linkification add-on for Firefox at https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/190 to convert the URLs in this description into actual clickable links.

Older editions are intentionally excluded if a newer edition is available. Source code files are generally excluded as well. Django, Zope, etc. specific books are excluded too, because I think such topics are too specific to include here. As such, this torrent is not about those topics. A few of the included books are in multiple formats, as indicated by their respective names.

For your convenience, I've chosen to not zip the books in the torrent. This allows you to download only the books that you don't already have, if you so desire. Obviously, it's easier to download them all. http://pastebin.com/RFeeYWwt is a list of what's included, reverse sorted by file last modification date. This is intended to help you get an idea of what's new, in case you're curious. Note that the sort order of file creation date is only an estimate for its actual inclusion date in the collection.

Official documentation books are not included in this torrent. They're probably the first thing anyone should look at, before jumping to any commercial books. In particular, the Python website provides a zipped set of useful PDFs at http://docs.python.org/download.html, as do several third party library websites.

Before you pick a commercial book to read, I strongly recommend reading its reviews on http://amazon.com/. This will help you determine whether it is the right book for you.

A full-text Adobe PDF search index for all the PDF files is also included. This was created using Adobe Acrobat Pro. This will allow you to search all available PDFs with ease for any specific topic that you need information about.

Be sure that your torrent client supports encrypted connections, otherwise you may not be able to download from me.

You can actually also get this collection from Usenet if you've a Usenet subscription. To get it from Usenet, just search for it on one of the various automated NZB indexing sites.

Please do not post any "thanks" comments. Try to limit any comments to generally useful technical concerns only. If you think I missed any relevant and available book as of the date of the torrent, I'd appreciate if you can submit it to me.

Do not request books here! If someone has something to share, they can share it. Many of the books in this collection were obtained from http://gigapedia.com/ using the search string: @title Python @tcd @l=en. Do not suggest missing books either, unless you can clearly state where to download them from.

Feel free to share this collection on other torrent sites or forums. Look for an updated version in a couple of months. Assuming this version is still current, before you stop seeding it, ask yourself what kind of languages you ideally want to program in. If the answer includes properties such as dynamic, concise, and readable, then reconsider.