0. ABOUT

redump.org's goal is to have a complete database of disc-based media using only
original media. They provide the necessary tools and info to users so that
discs can be preserved by using high standard/strict dumping methods. They are
similar to groups like GoodTools, No-Intro, TOSEC.

They currently have more than 14900 (~4700 PSX) disc entries present in their
database.

They can be found: 
http://redump.org/

By dumping missing discs on the redump.org database, you would be helping to
achieve greater common goal and indirectly helping us to have a more complete,
verified collection. If you have original black CDs not listed in the PSX
database or even listed ones, please go that extra mile and learn about their
dumping methods.

Their guides on how to dump discs properly can be found here: 
http://redump.org/guide/

If you need more help, you can also visit redump.org's forum: 
http://forum.redump.org/

Content of this torrent is not provided by redump.org nor do they encourage
piracy in any way. Please, no torrent-talk on that site, only database and CD
media related things.


1. UNCOMPRESS

The discs have been packed using PakkISO which works just like torrentzip.
Simply put, PakkISO is the torrentzip of disc based games. It will create
exact archives of matching files. It runs the data tracks through ECM, and
then compresses with 7z. Audio tracks are compressed using the Monkey Audio
lossless format (APE). This results in a much higher compression ratio
compared to torrentzip.

You can choose from several programs to use for decompression. They all are
included in this torrent within 'important.rar'.

- PakkISO shell integration *RECOMMENDED* (PakkISO-0.4-setup.exe).[1]

To unpack a single game, simply right-click the game's folder and select
'UnpakkISO'.

To unpack a group of games, simply right-click the folder containing ALL game's
folders to be processed, and select 'UnpakkISO (Batch)'. The process will be
automated.

To pack a single game, simply right-click the game's folder and select
'PakkISO'.

To pack a group of games, simply right-click the folder containing ALL game's
folders to be processed, and select 'PakkISO (Batch)'. The process will be
automated.

- PakkISO (PakkISO-0.4-non-install.zip).[1]

To unpack a game, simply drag and drop the game's folder into unpakkIso.exe.

To pack a game, simply drag and drop the game's folder into pakkIso.exe.

- redumpExtractor (redumpExtractor_exe.zip or redumpExtractor.zip).[2]

Simple and intuitive GUI program. More information: 
http://thejbnet.com/progs/re/

After successful decompression you should have one cue sheet file and one or
several binary files.

[1] Archives will be deleted after decompression; raw files after compression,
i.e. content is transformed from compressed to decompressed state or vice versa.
So it is preferable to make a copy of directory you want to work with and use
that copy instead of source.
[2] External programs needed for this application are available in
'PakkISO-0.4-non-install.zip'.


2. PLAY

To play on real hardware (console), first you need to burn the image(s) to a
disc. Using your favorite disc burning software [1] and good quality blank
media, load the '.cue' file and burn. Make sure your console is capable of
playing backups.

The best way to play the games included in this collection on emulators is by
mounting them on a virtual drive (Daemon Tools/Alcohol). Once you have the disc
mounted, just open the emulator and 'insert CD drive' (pSX) or 'Run CDROM'
(ePSXe).

[1] Please do not use Alcohol for recording, it is known to have problems with
cue sheet parsing and therefore will produce incorrect copies (virtual drive
function works fine though). Recommended programs are: ImgBurn (freeware),
BlindWrite, CDRWIN.


3. AUDIT

Included with torrent within 'important.rar' are several '.dat' files, you can
use with 'RomCenter', 'clrmamepro' or similar programs:

- 'Sony - PlayStation (20100901 04-03-12) (Japan) (PakkISO).dat'

Use it to verify downloaded files or update from previous collections.

- 'Sony - PlayStation (20100901 04-03-12) (Japan) (RAW - all).dat'

All Japanese PSX games in database at the moment of creation of this torrent.
Use it to audit your collection in uncompressed state or look for missing
images.

- 'Sony - PlayStation (20100901 04-03-12) (Japan) (RAW - have).dat'

This is your local database of what you have. Compare it with current one, when
you decide to update, to determine what renames, additions, replaces needs to
be done.
