[img=http://www.ufocongressstore.com/catalog/VOL515.jpg]

Daniel Sheehan - Conspiracy Theories and the UFO Phenomenon.avi

Duration: 01:35:33
Bit rate: 128kbps
Dimensions: 608x448
Size: 700mb
 
http://www.ufocongressstore.com/

[img=http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/DanielSheehan-ConspiracyTheoriesand.png]

Daniel Sheehan is a social activist who has spent virtually his entire life working on progressive social programs and initiatives. As the Legal Counsel on such nationally-recognized investigative cases involving government covert operations as The Karen Silkwood Case, The Iran/Contra Case, The Pentagon Papers Case, The Watergate Burglary Case, and The American Sanctuary Movement Case, Dan brings to the issue of Extraterrestrial Intelligence and the UFO Phenomenon a unique background in investigating and exposing the world of American governmental covert operations, "black budget" operations, mind control programs, government disinformation projects, covert warfare and clandestine operations. He established the Christic Institute in Washington, DC, which for nearly two decades was the country's preeminent public-interest law firm. 

In 1994 Dan defended Dr. John Mack before his inquisition by an Investigatory panel of the Harvard Medical School after Dr. Mack's courageous publication of "Abduction: Human Encounters With Aliens.” This was not his first, nor his last, encounter with the important issue of Alien Intelligence and American Law. In 1977, while General Counsel to the United States Jesuit Office of Social Ministry in Washington, DC., he served as a Special Consultant to the United States Library of Congress Congressional Research Office Project on Extraterrestrial Intelligence ordered by President Jimmy Carter. In this capacity, Dan was given access not only to the classified portions of the United States Air Force's infamous “Project Blue Book” files but to the confidential report prepared for the Science & Technology Committee of the United States Congress by the Library of Congress Congressional Research Office pursuant to this Presidential assignment. 

Today, Dan is director of The Strategic Initiative To Identify The New Paradigm which was one of the six Strategic Initiatives of the State of The world Forum of President Gorbachev. In this organization, Dan shares the responsibility for formulation of a new world view integrating into all of the classical fields of human knowledge (Cosmology, Theology, Philosophy, Physical Science, Psychology, Ethics, Ontology, Epistemology, Human Teleology) the now virtually universally accepted FACT of the existence of extraterrestrial Intelligence in our Universe and the growingly-accepted fact that representatives of one or more of these extraterrestrial civilizations are presently visiting our planet and interacting with members of our species.

- http://www.ufoevidence.org/researchers/detail47.htm

-----------------------------------

Daniel Sheehan was asked at the last minute to speak at the 2007 International UFO Congress in Laughlin, Nevada.  He used this opportunity to address the issue of conspiracy theory and its relationship to the UFO phenomenon.  He discusses his involvement with Dr. John Mack and the circumstances of John's death.  He also devotes much of his talk to revealing all of the details behind the JFK assassination, many of which have never been disclosed to the public prior to this presentation.  He reveals this also to show the complexities of a true conspiracy versus many of the conspiracy theories that circulate.  After this he discusses the eight worldviews that operate within the human family, and how they conflict with eachother, and how we need to communicate a new paradigm to the world to help with many of the problems we face. 


"The biggest, most central conspiracy in the history of the United States is the assassination of President Kennedy.  And as it turns out, I happen to be in a position to be able to speak quite directly to that.  And, so what I want to do today, given the fact that I was asked on short notice to talk with you, I want to tell you what it is that actually happened there.  I think it's about time that this was clarified directly."
Daniel Sheehan


[img=http://www.spartacus.schoolnet.co.uk/JFKrobertson4.JPG]

[img=http://www.wilsonsalmanac.com/images2/kennedys_dallas1.jpg]