Hello again, everyone!  I wish this album could have been released for a different reason, but I felt a need to pay tribute to my great inspiration for so many of my Altered Tunes:  The King Of Pop, Michael Jackson.

As all of you know (who know my works), there are very few of my tunes that are not funny in one way or another.  This album is very different.  You might get one or two chuckles out of the Black Or White transitions in the first song, but that's only because I had to change MJ's singing tempo to match the beat of the beat underneath.  This is my first attempt at making something NOT funny.  None of this album was intended by me to be funny.  If you find any part of this album the least bit amusing, I do apologize.  It was not intentional.

This album had to be finished quickly in order to be released in a timely manner.  Despite how quickly this album came to be, I spent many late nights working on it and put other things on hold to get it finished.  The way I made the songs was to take the original and put the a capella versions alongside the full versions, adding a heavy reverb to only the a capella tracks.  It was my intention to have MJ sound as if he were singing from Heaven.  Each song was finished the same way, which is why this album didn't take long to create.  Not much creativity invloved here, although I did have to "mash" a few of the a capella tracks to get them to fit correctly into the main song.  As of this release, I have not proofed many of these tracks in my car, as I normally do, so if there are any imperfections in any of the songs, I do apologize for that, too.  As soon as I proof these songs, I will fix anything that isn't right and re-release it later.

Michael Jackson was a great artist.  With his genius and my fair ability to make a mash-up, I was able to make some very interesting and funny mash-ups.  It seemed that Black Or White just worked with anything I tried to make.  The Tune that I consider to be the single from this album is no different.  Each partial song in the Rest In Peace Mashup is tied together with it.  The few who have heard songs from this album before I realeased it said that it was an awesome project, and that the Tunes I created here were equally awesome.  I hope those of you who download it feel the same way.  I also hope that my attempt to make a serious tribute to Michael Jackson will be just that, too.

Goodbye, Michael, and as I have titled my album, Rest In Peace.



     Ty DeBole's Altered Tunes Presents:  Michael Jackson - Rest In Peace


There is only one track on this album that needs any explanation at all.  The rest of it was explained above, so there is no need to cover that here.  The Rest In Peace Mashup includes seven original songs, plus the a capella version of Black Or White.  I made Black Or White a bit more special in this Tune because it's kind of like my trademark.  It seems to fit into anything (except for Rock And White, Part 2 on my first album).  So I decided to tie all of the partial songs AND even the final song of my single together with it.  The first two songs are kinda by themselves, so to speak, because there was no real isolated beat in either of them.  I just felt a need to include a couple of his early songs in the mix.  So at the beginning, you hear the tie, The Jackson 5's ABC, the tie, and Michael Jackson's Ben.  Things change drastically at the next tie.  The beat from Billie Jean is under it AND Thriller and the next tie.  Each song you hear in this track has the next song's beat under it.  When MJ actually sings Billie Jean, you hear the beat from Beat It.  While listening to Beat It, you will hear the beat from Bad.  When you listen to Bad, you will hear a VERY familiar beat WITH guitar underneath...from Black Or White.  The tie here fits better than any other song because it IS the song...Black Or White.  This is where I first decided to make this an album, rather than just a single.  My friends at work loved my single and I loved the way Black Or White turned out in this single, so I decided to make the rest of the album the same way.  I hope you enjoy it as much as my firends and I have so far.  Thanks in advance for listening!  :o)

I now present to you...  Michael Jackson's Rest In Peace...

01 Rest In Peace Mashup
02 ABC
03 Ben
04 Billie Jean
05 Bad
06 Black Or White
07 Dancing Machine
08 They Don't Care About Us, version 1
09 Scream
10 They Don't Care About Us, version 2



The reason there are two versions of They Don't Care About Us was I had two different a capellas of it.  They were so different that I decided to make both versions presented here.  Songs that are not here that were in the single I just didn't have the a capellas for, and I am not educated in the art of creating them.  I tried to just cut and paste the MJ vocal parts from the original songs and paste them where the a capella would go, but it sounded like crap, as you will most likely find out in Dancing Machine, where I only had a partial a capella.  It sounds like crap with the percussion reverbing with his voice, but the Tune had to be finished.  It's slightly better than nothing, I guess.  I'll proof it and decide whether to keep it or dump it.  Also, leave comments on this album to help me decide what to do!  If any of you have a capellas of the Tunes I didn't include in the album, please step forward!  I will personally thank you and credit you in this space!  :o)

Thank you in advance again for listening.  I want to also thank Michael Jackson for lending me his voice for this and the rest of my albums, and I would like to thank God for giving me the talent to put these albums together and write about myself in the third person in the descriptions of my other three albums!  *LOL*

Lord, take care of Michael Jackson for us all who loved his work and what he stood for.  ...and please make sure that he will...Rest In Peace...  Amen