This is a re-launch of this torrent with only a couple of added jpgs
showing the DVD cover images (please remove them from the main folder
prior to creating your disc). Thank you. (You can join this seed if
you previously downloaded this version, by just adding these jpgs from this
torrent).


We have 2mb bandwidth dedicated to the re-launch. Please share your seed
to complete your download as qucikly as possibly. We can do this overnight
if everyone co-operates to share. with thanks

Audio: English French Spanish
Subtitles (incl karaoke style sing-a-long) English French Spanish

This is a single layer format (4.35GB) DVd created from the the full 7.8GB DVD
torrent with only the movie and sing-along-features included. The interviews,
trailers and the like are not included or not set to be displayed

"The Sound of Music" speaks singularly to the abusive stance taken by the
industry that cares not one bit for our children. A cruelly criminally deranged
price of thirty bucks is still being demanded of kids half a century after
raking in the dough for this movie at this pace that has never stopped! It
seems to me that an industry that can often afford to throw a way a movie
simply based on changing tastes in the executive boardroom in Hollywood (they
simply decide when they don't like a movie as much anymore and "throw it into
the trashcan, depriving those that would even pay for it, any DVD access at all
- I am referring to movies that had great successes in their time - like "Last
days of disco" and "White mischief") could just as easily stop playing the game
as Microsoft does and simply say to the kids that this movie is for everyone
and that enough had been paid for it collectively that it would be
unconscionable to charge for it any further, let alone price gouge as they are
(you'd think they were selling a barrel of oil to our folks, for crissakes). In
Toronto Canada alone, some 500 families at a time wait to borrow a copy of this
movie from the library system, for their kids to learn from and be edified by,
let alone more rightly entertained. That's a shameful situation for a country
that spends billions on foreign aid instead of rather dubious integrity and
return to the good folks that pay taxes here. These hollywood merchants simply
seem to lack any connection to our values similarly it would appear.

"The Sound of music" instills children with a spirit of appreciating beauty in
our thoughts and in our sense of values, as we engage music in our aid
especially, along with the right mentors most of all in this formula for true
greatness in our midst.

This DVD (40 anniversary special widescreen presentation) even has "karaoke
like" subtitles to sing along to the songs.

Lets reach every child in Europe and in America too! Why not a million this
very week! Nothing would warm my heart more as the fondest fan of Julie Andrews
as a teacher to our children in place of what is now going on instead.


Michael Rizzo Chessman
Please see my reviews at moviesbyrizzo.info


Many DVD writers on the market come with a free copy of Nero software
that will create the disc for you from these movie files. Or perhaps
you could download Nero on the net for free somewhere.


Why not from Nero.com !!
http://www.nero.com/eng/downloads-nero9-free.php


Because this is single layer format DVD size, you are able to burn this movie
to a cheap twenty cent single layer DVD disc to share with your neighbours kids
this christmas! No pesky copyright slogans appear on screen - its not a good
example for the kids to be preached to by the morally illiterate! Always burn
discs at lower speed settings for the burning process, and make sure the
processor is set to high speed for the program without anything else running
while you burn and verify the data on the disc as a good burn. Dual layer discs
tend to be finicky and must be carefully burned at lower speed settings to
avoid defects showing up when the verification takes place immediately after
burn (using a program such as Nero particularly, as it does verify after burn
if you set it to, and you certainly should).




Optional Note: This is a multi-tracker torrent
If you use utorrent software, simply highlight the mounted torrent, then
click on "trackers" in your software, next, right click on the tracker that
is showing, and select "add tracker" You should then then see all the trackers
that are alreay included atthe outset. Place a space (blank line) between each
tracker showing, then click "ok" Your trackers will now show status and update
more easily when required (if desired, right click manually, on a selected
tracker/DHT and select "update" for a better read).

PS If you enable "show alternating background color" in your preferences
menu for "UI settings", you'll find your screen easier on the eye and more
pleasing to read. Enjoy!