File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Astra is a 1985 album by rock group Asia. Started in 1984, Astra is the last Asia album to feature John Wetton on lead vocals until 2008. After being brought back into the fold for their third album, Wetton and Geoff Downes forged ahead with this effort. Steve Howe, having left sometime before the Astra sessions due to tensions with Wetton, was replaced by guitarist Mandy Meyer. According to Howe, he was approached to play on the album by the record company before its release, but declined once he heard the material. With less lyrics about love, Astra was a bit different from its predecessors. Due to a lack of public interest, however, Astra peaked at #67 and went largely unnoticed. Wetton left Asia soon after the record's release. Meyer would never play with Asia again. The band itself, after cancelling the Astra tour, was basically finished until 1990.

Asia is a rock group formed in 1981. The band was labelled a supergroup and included former members of veteran progressive rock bands Yes, King Crimson, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Uriah Heep, U.K., Roxy Music, Wishbone Ash and The Buggles. Since 2007, there have been two distinct groups using the Asia name: a reunion of the band's original line-up performing as Asia, and Asia Featuring John Payne as a continuation of the pre-2006 Asia line-up, initially featuring three of its members.

Asia began with the apparent demise of Yes  and Emerson, Lake & Palmer, two of the flagship bands of British progressive rock. After the break-up of King Crimson in 1974, various plans for a super group involving bassist John Wetton had been mooted, including the abortive British Bulldog project with Bill Bruford and Rick Wakeman in 1976. In 1977 Bruford and Wetton were reunited in UK, along with guitarist Allan Holdsworth and keyboardist/violinist Eddie Jobson. Their eponymous debut was released in 1978. By 1980, after UK's demise, a new super group project was suggested involving Wetton, Wakeman, drummer Carl Palmer and (then little known) guitarist Trevor Rabin, but Wakeman walked out of the project shortly before they were due to sign to Geffen and before they had ever played together. Rabin, in a filmed interview from 1984 and included in the recently released and updated DVD 9012Live, said that his involvement with this project never went anywhere because "there was no chemistry" among the participants.

In early 1981, Wetton and Yes guitarist Steve Howe were brought together by A&R man John Kalodner and Geffen Records to start working and writing. They were eventually joined by Carl Palmer, and finally by Howe's recent Yes cohort, keyboardist Geoff Downes. The band's early offerings, under the auspices of Geffen record label head David Geffen and Kalodner, were considered disappointing by music critics and fans of traditional progressive rock, who found the music closer to radio-friendly AOR pop-rock.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/