Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:39

[Video]
Resolution : 640x480
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 853 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.09 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps

"Blue Collar Man (Long Nights)" is the first single that Styx released from the Pieces of Eight album. The single was released in two 7" vinyl formats, one with the b-side "Superstars", a track from The Grand Illusion, and a second single with the instrumental album track "Aku-Aku" as the b-side. Some printings of the single were also issued in a translucent blue vinyl.

It was featured on the TV show WKRP in Cincinnati on the episodes "Fish Story" and "Johnny Comes Back". A re-recorded version has been released as downloadable content for the Rock Band video game.

Pieces of Eight is the eighth studio album and second concept album by Styx, released September 1, 1978.

The album was the band's follow-up to their Triple Platinum selling The Grand Illusion album. The band members produced the album and recorded it (like their previous three efforts) at Paragon Studios in Chicago with recording engineer Barry Mraz and mixing engineer Rob Kingsland. I'm O.K was recorded at Paragon and St. James Cathedral because of the pipe organ.

The theme of the album, as Dennis DeYoung explained on In the Studio with Redbeard which devoted an entire episode to Pieces of Eight, was about "not giving up your dreams just for the pursuit of money and material possessions".

Eight of the album's ten tracks have vocals, and it features two instrumentals, the DeYoung synthesizer showcase "The Message" and Tommy Shaw's closing "Aku-Aku" (although for the latter, there was one lyric spoken, the title of the song).

The album's cover was done by Hipgnosis. DeYoung stated in the same 1991 interview with Redbeard on the "In the Studio" episode that he initially hated the cover but grew to like it as he got older.

The album peaked at #6 on the Billboard album chart, and like its predecessor would go Triple Platinum.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/