hexagon.cc 
    http://ambient.hexagon.cc/
         http://lossless-audiophiles-anonymous.hexagon.cc/





Am’Ganesha’n – Beyond The Soul

Am’Ganesha’n press releases says they’re an “All star Gothic Metal Band from France featuring members from Rajna, Speaking Silence & Les Secrets de MorphÈe. Forgot Dead Can Dance and welcome AMíGANESHAíN.” Well, Fields of the Nephilim this ain’t. On the other hand, their suggestion that you “forget Dead Can Dance” is right on the money. Every Worldbeat-influenced band with female vocalists is inevitably compared to DCD. (By that token, every band with a skillful keyboard player and pretentious baritone singer should be compared to Emerson, Lake and Palmer… ) Am’Ganesha’n are a superb band in their own right, with a unique sound that is at once accessible and challenging. Smart listeners will check their preconceptions at the door, and prepare to be amazed. The vocals on this CD are astonishing. The birdlike trills on “Dogma” and “Hymonia” are reminiscent of Yma Sumac or Minnie Ripperton; high, but never piercing or grating. On the low end, the sonorous chants of “Ashes’ Dance” and the odd baritone scales of “Road to Ishnar” are hypnotic and unsettling. Things get especially interesting when the two combine: the vocal interplay in “Arthesia” evokes a choir dancing around a sacrificial altar, while the eerie throat-singing on “Tibetan Dream” creates a menacing atmosphere, like tanks gathering at the border. Equally interesting is the instrumentation used. Gerhard, the multi-talented wizard behind Rajna’s sound, continues to astound with his mastery. The portentous bass drum on “Illyria” could have come straight out of Moria, while the chimes and flutes of “Fiery Pilgrimage” and bowed strings of “Majakong” and “Khatag” are goaded on by tablas and other less identifiable percussion. I found Gerhard’s work with Rajna to be slick but a bit too conventional. Here he’s stretching himself and challenging the audience. The odd harmonies and dissonances spice things up and keep the CD from falling into the “World Muzak” trap. Am’Ganesha’n appears to be a side project for the musicians involved. I definitely want to hear more from their main bands: I would also encourage them to get back in the studio again with this group. Side projects are frequently self-indulgent egofests, of interest only to the most rabid or obsessive-compulsive collector. Occasionally, though, you strike gold. Freed of worries about commercial viability or genre, the artists are able to make the music they love. That appears to be what happened here. This isn’t a “commercial” release … but it’s definitely got the potential for commercial success. If you like ambient/chill music, or if you’re a fan of Worldbeat, this CD is indispensible. – starvox.net

Label: Holy Records
Format: CD, Album, Digipak
Country: France
Released: 2001
Genre: Electronic, Folk, World, & Country
Style: Modern Classical, Ethereal
Quality: FLAC
http://www.discogs.com/AmGaneshan-Beyond-The-Soul/release/931431

Tracklist:
1 Dogma 3:09
Composed By – Jean-Baptiste Boitel
2 Ganesha 2:40
3 Road To Ishnar 3:43
4 Stroke Of Fate 4:14
5 Ashes’ Dance 3:36
6 Tibetan Dance 5:46
7 Hymonia 3:05
Composed By – Amélie
Yang T’chin – Amélie Duranteau
8 Fiery Pilgrimage 4:22
9 Arthesia 3:36
Composed By – Amélie
10 Uriel 1:13
11 Isabella 2:49
12 Majalśong 4:59
13 Khatag 1:35
14 Illyria 3:31
Composed By – Jean , Omne Datum Optimum
Violin – Jean Cousso de Biscarosse
15 Sanctus 10:31

Credits:
Artwork By [Calligraphy] – Ars Magna 1118
Artwork By [Ganesha Calligraphy] – Lionel Legagnoux
Artwork By [Layout] – Gérard Chambellant, Holy Records
Bells [Small Bell] – Amélie Duranteau

Composed By – Alain* (tracks: 1, 4, 5, 8, 9, 15) , Carla* (tracks: 1, 2, 4, 8, 13, 15) , Chantal* (tracks: 10, 11, 14) , Dominique* (tracks: 6, 10, 11, 14) , Gérard* (tracks: 1 to 6, 8 to 15) , Karin* (tracks: 1 to 3, 6, 7, 9 to 12, 14)
Flute [Transverse], Oboe – Chantal Lebecq (tracks: 8, 10, 11, 14)
Guitar, Bass, Keyboards, Timpani, Percussion [Military Snare], Backing Vocals, Arranged By, Mixed By – Alain Grandière
Mandolin, Banjo – Dominique Pfinder (tracks: 6, 10, 11, 14)
Mastered By – Bruno Gruel
Voice – Carla Picchiantano , Karin Mérat
Yang T’chin, Santoor, Percussion [Rhythm], Voice – Gérard Chambellant