ADOBE PHOTOSHOP PLUGINS 

Imagemonic Plug ins

NOISEWARE

NoisewareTM 4.0 further streamlines sophisticated workflow into an intuitive experience. No camera profiles needed - just click once. Noiseware’s IntelliProfileTM algorithm, with its Self-Learning mechanism, will automatically calibrate a precision noise profile and choose the optimal settings for each individual image. The manual region sampling method is also available, if preferred.

PORTRAITURE

Portraiture is a Photoshop, Lightroom and Aperture plugin that eliminates the tedious manual labor of selective masking and pixel-by- pixel treatments to help you achieve excellence in portrait retouching. It intelligently smoothens and removes imperfections while preserving skin texture and other important portrait details such as hair, eyebrows, eyelashes etc.

Portraiture features a powerful masking tool that enables selective smoothening only in the skin tone areas of the image. What makes Portraiture’s masking tool truly unique is its built-in Auto-Mask feature. It helps you quickly discover most of the skin tone range of the image automatically and, if preferred, you can manually fine-tune it to ensure optimal results, providing unmatched precision and productivity.

For finer control, you can specify the smoothening degree for different detail sizes and adjust the sharpness, softness, warmth, brightness and contrast.

Portraiture comes with pre-defined presets for one-click effects and, as with all Imagenomic plug-ins, you can capture your own signature workflow in a custom preset tailored to your specific requirements and photographic portfolio. 

REALGRAIN

If you long for the darkroom age, the soft, warm graininess of the film, or you seek to infuse that fuzzy, retro look or perhaps enhance your digital photos by simulating the greater range and texture of traditional film, then RealGrain is the plugin for you.

RealGrain features versatile methods for simulating the grain patterns, the color and the tonal response of different films and different scan resolutions to convey a truly film-like image effect.

Because RealGrain enables you to automatically adjust the grain size based on the physical image dimensions, it can dynamically render accurate grain patterns for varying image sizes.

RealGrain's controls for grain balance, tonal and color fine-tuning enable you to generate superior output quality and picture vibrancy, and are simple and easy-to-use for a truly intuitive workflow experience.

Plus, RealGrain comes with precision pre-sets for a range of default effect options. You can also capture your own signature workflow through custom presets tailored to your specific requirements and individual photographs. 
http://www.virustotal.com/file-scan/report.html?id=a56621b58f3ced390fc69ad3fd47bfd665f78127a75db89144fe15b19d92c978-1289760587

You need Photoshop installed first;

Photoshop CS5 Extended;   
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5628169

Photoshop CS5 Extended in eLearning Suite;   
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5702621

Photoshop CS5 Extended in Technical Communication Suite;   
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5699267

Photoshop CS5 Extended in CS5 Production Premium;   
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5649900

Photoshop CS5 Extended in CS5 Design Premium;   
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5529111

