Elijah (Animated Christian Movie)

Ahab, a great king of the Israelites, has fallen under the spell of Jezebel, a daughter of the King of the Sidonians. He has rejected the Israelites' God and embraced Jezebel's religion: the worship of the idol Baal. At Jezebel's command, Ahab has ordered the execution of the prophets of Israel, replacing them with Baal's false prophets. But one man, Elijah, filled with power of the true God, directly challenges Ahab and Jezebel. He pronounces God's curse. " No rain will fall on Israel until the people reject Baal and return to God. As the God of Israel liveth no rain shall fall until I call on the Lord to deliver it." God commands Elijah to escape to the desert in the East, where God provides water and food from Heaven for His Prophet. Elijah longs to return to Israel, to save his people. But he is obedient to God. God commands Elijah to go and show himself to Ahab. Elijah tells Ahab to gather the prophets of Baal and meet him on Mount Carmel, where sacrifices are to be placed on two altars. " Let us call on our Gods," he says. " The God that answers with fire is the true God." The prophets of Baal cry out in vain to their idol. When Elijah prays humbly to God, God sends down fire, accepting Elijah's offering. The people. Realizing at last that there is only one true God, kill the prophets of Baal, and God sends the rains again, ending His people's despair.
 
Runtime: 27 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 1993
My Rating: 9/10
Quality: 9/10 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families.

Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian
