VMware Workstation is powerful desktop virtualization software for software 

developers/testers and enterprise IT professionals that runs multiple operating systems 

simultaneously on a single PC. Users can run Windows, Linux, NetWare, or Solaris x86 in 

fully networked, portable virtual machines - no rebooting or hard drive partitioning 

required. VMware Workstation delivers excellent performance and advanced features such as 

memory optimization and the ability to manage multi-tier configurations. Essential features 

such as virtual networking, live snapshots, drag and drop and shared folders, and PXE 

support make VMware Workstation the most powerful and indispensable tool for enterprise IT 

developers and system administrators. With millions of customers and dozens of major product 

awards over the last six years, VMware Workstation is a proven technology that improves 

productivity and flexibility. An indispensable tool for software developers and IT 

professionals worldwide.

Ultimate Desktop Virtualization Product for Windows 7

Run Windows 7 in a virtual machine with the industry’s first support for Windows Aero 3D 

graphics. Easy Install makes installing 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows 7 in a virtual 

machine even easier than on your physical PC. VMware Workstation 7 works with Flip 3D and 

Aero Peek to show live thumbnails of your virtual machines. Better than Windows XP Mode, you 

can run Windows XP with 3D graphics, faster performance, and tighter integration with Unity, 

shared folders and drag and drop convenience. VMware Workstation is optimized for maximum 

performance when running on 32-bit and 64-bit Windows 7 PCs.

Best 3D Graphics Just Got Better

VMware Workstation was the first to support 3D graphics in virtualized environments and is 

now the first to support Windows Aero in Windows Vista and Windows 7 virtual machines. Run 

even more 3D applications with support for DirectX 9.0c Shader Model 3 and OpenGL 2.13D 

graphics in Windows virtual machines.

Most Advanced Virtualization Platform

Create virtual machines with up to 4 virtual processors or 4 virtual cores and up to 32GB of 

memory per virtual machine. Driverless printing makes your PC printers automatically 

accessible to your Windows and Linux virtual machines—no configuration or drivers required. 

Smart card authentication enables you to dedicate a Smart Card reader to a virtual machines 

or share access.

Features Professionals Cannot Live Without

• Install and run VMware vSphere 4 and VMware ESXi in a virtual machine
• New IDE integrations for the SpringSource Tools Suite and Eclipse IDE for C/C++
• Replay debugging is now easier and faster
• Remote Replay Debugging makes it easier to share virtual machine recordings for analysis

More Refined Than Ever

Protect from Prying Eyes
Protect your virtual machines from prying eyes with 256-bit AES encryption.

Printing that Just Works
Driver-less printing makes your PC printers automatically accessible to your Windows and 

Linux VMs—no configuration or drivers required. Your PC’s default printer even shows up as 

the default, too.

Go Back in Time
Buggy applications, hardware failures, viruses and other malware do not give you fair 

warning to take a manual snapshot. AutoProtect luckily automatically takes snapshots at set 

intervals, protecting you from unexpected bumps in the road, making it’s easy to go back in 

time to when things were good.

Free Up System Resources
Pause a virtual machine to free up CPU resources for use by other running virtual machines 

or demanding applications.

Changes in VMware Workstation 7.1.2 Build 301548 | 23 SEP 2010:
* Added Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 support for Integrated Virtual Debugger´s live 

debugging mode.
* Many issues with running Windows 7 SP1 Beta, RHEL 6.0 Beta, and Fedora 13 in a virtual 

machine have been addressed. Each of these Operating System versions are still in 

development and have known issues, therefore they are not fully supported.
* NAT networking includes several performance improvements.
* VMware Workstation 7.1.2 has been tested with the new free standalone VMware vCenter 

Converter 4.3. VMware vCenter Converter can convert a single machine or an entire datacenter 

into virtual machines and it supports Windows 7. For more information on VMware vCenter 

Converter, see https://www.vmware.com/tryvmware/?p=converter.
* Easy Install now supports older versions of CentOS.
* Added Windows 2008R2 and Apache Server 2.2.15 support for ACE Management Server.


OS: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7
Home Page: www.vmware.com
Interface: English