Format: Animated, Color, Dolby, DVD, NTSC 

Language: English (Dolby Digital 5.1), Japanese (Dolby Digital 2.0 Surround) 


Studio: Bandai Entertainment 

DVD Release Date: January 9, 2001 

Episodes 11-13 

The comic adventures of Jiyu "Jubei" Nanohana, a high school girl who transforms into the reincarnation of legendary warrior Yagyu Jubei, reach a protracted conclusion in these final episodes. Kendo champion Shiro is possessed by the spirit of Daiyu Taiko Ryujoji, who was defeated by Yagyu Jubie 300 years ago, precipitating the centuries-long vendetta. Jubei defeats the possessed Shiro, but the evil spirit escapes, announcing he will continue the feud. In a surprisingly deft ending, writer-director Akitaroh Daichi has Jubie's scatter-brained father use his skills as a writer to devise a way to destroy Daiyu and free his daughter from her transformation curse. Although the romance between Mikage and Jubie's father ends before it really begins, there's plenty of room for sequels. "Unrefined" boss Bantaro and the martial artist twins Shiro and Hajime still nurture crushes on Jubei, the mysterious blonde Otome is lurking in the wings, and Koinusuke just might return. Best of all Jubei has matured, and the whiny ditz of episode 1 has grown into an appealing young woman. Contains these episodes: 11. "But the Path Curves Ahead," 12. "I Had Met a Daughter That I Never Knew," 13. "Night Gave Way to a Brand New Day." Unrated: Suitable for ages 13 and up for violence and occasional sexual humor. --Charles Solomon 

Jubei's father has only now discovered her secret dual life as master swordsman. But the ultimate test of skill and courage is at hand as Jubei faces off with her final enemy - 300 hundred years of "the grudge" takes over the body of the one person she loves more than anyone else in the world, can Jubei prevail or will a new chapter be written in the Yagyu Jubei history books? Don't miss the exciting conclusion to Jubei-Chan the Ninja Girl. 

[img]http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51SG7VD2FRL._SL500_AA300_.jpg[/img]

