TV : Documentary : TV quality : English



All of season 2 of A Haunting which was shown on the Discovery Channel including "Cursed" from season 1 which was not included in my first torrent.

Demon Child: In Kentucky, Jan and Dale Foster's 6-year-old son Cody starts talking to an imaginary playmate. As the weeks progress, Cody's behavior becomes erratic. His sudden outbursts make Jan wonder if there is a correlation to Cody's new "friend." When she questions Cody, she learns that his constant companion is the ghost of a murdered little boy. Cody's deviant behavior escalates, and Jan suspects that something more sinister is at work. A Native American shaman gives Jan the tools to rid her house of a demon that seems dead set on possessing her son's soul. In the end she must confront the evil entity alone.

Sallie's House: Young and in love, a Kansas couple move into their first home. They are expecting their first child, but they don't expect what happens next. Soon after the baby's birth, lights begin to turn on, candles light themselves, and toys and dolls move on their own. The ghost of a girl named Sallie warns them of an evil spirit lurking in the shadows ...

Ghost Soldier: When Lisa Wilson finds a photograph of a soldier killed in the Vietnam War, she becomes obsessed with a man she's never met. She is convinced that the dead soldier, named Michael, is haunting her and stalking her in her own home. When her two young daughters see Michael in their bedroom late one night, Lisa realizes that her fears are real, and seeks help from a psychic, to put Michael's soul to rest.

Where Demons Dwell: The year is 1980. Debbie Glatzel and Arne Johnson are about to start a new life together in a new home in Connecticut. When Debbie's 12-year-old brother David helps them with the move, he has a terrifying encounter with an old man who has hooves for feet. Eventually, the old man transforms into a horned demon and begins to stalk David and the others. David is often punched and thrown about by this unseen entity. The situation escalates as the demon repeatedly possesses David for short periods of time. His possession is confirmed by a priest and a team of paranormal investigators. David becomes more and more violent and must be exorcised to save his soul.

House of the Dead: Thirty-six-year old Billy Bean is unable to put the strange and tragic events of his childhood behind him. In an effort to get some closure on the unspeakable torment he and his siblings endured, he agrees to tell his story on a local radio show, grasping for any clue as to what caused the rapid destruction of his family 20 years earlier in Glen Burnie, Md. The story begins in 1970, when 7-year-old Billy moves into a new home with his parents, Patricia and Bill, and his siblings, Patty and Bobby. Everyone is happy in the home until a series of paranormal incidents start to plague the family. Within a few years, Patti, the eldest, flees the house. Billy's father becomes an abusive alcoholic and also vacates the house, leaving his mother to care for Billy and his younger brother Bobby. As life in the house continues to unravel, Patricia becomes the focus of relentless physical attacks by the entities. When nothing works to rid the house of the evil spirits, the family's only option is to leave the house, never to return.

Hungry Ghosts: The Bishops are an affluent, well-educated American family. They don't believe in ghosts ... until they move into a mansion in rural Taiwan. As they try to adjust to their new surroundings, Candace Bishop begins to see spectral lights out of the corner of her eye. Soon after, her teenage daughters hear unexplainable footsteps and voices inside the house. They fear that they are being stalked. After the family members finally share their experiences with each other, they turn to a Taoist Catholic priest for help. He explains that the house was designed, according to Chinese beliefs about feng shui, to empower the spirits of the dead and torment the living.

Dark Forest: In the mid-1970s, Clara Dandy and her family move into a farmhouse in rural New York, eager to escape the pressures of city life. But their new home quickly begins to test their courage. A haunting begins with strange chanting sounds in the nearby woods. Soon after, family members see ghostly figures inside the house, and realize that something supernatural is trying to drive them away. The family calls on a psychic, who explains that many people have died in and around the house over the past 100 years. He fears that the spirits may be too powerful to fight.

A Haunting in Florida: Edd and Beth Dunnam believe they have found the perfect home in suburban Orlando. Within days, Beth grows anxious whenever she's alone. After several paranormal sightings, the couple realizes that something otherworldly has invaded their home. A paranormal investigator verifies the haunting and helps the Dunnams consider their options. Edd tries to protect his pregnant wife by yelling angrily at the unseen spirits. Little does he realize that confronting them, only makes them stronger.



Enjoy and Seed!!