The Messiah : Prophecy Fulfilled (Christian Movie)


2003 Crown Award Winner for Best Evangelistic Film.

Few movies have captured the fulfillment of Jewish prophecy like The Messiah! This emotion-touching drama shows how one first century Rabbi (Yehudah, played by Nick Mancuso) becomes a follower of Yeshua of Nazareth (Jesus Christ). Yehudah attempts to share the Good News of Jesus with his people, beginning with his own relatives. Now, one year has passed since the crucifixion of the carpenter's son. Yehudah's greatest challenge and earnest desire is to help his loved ones understand that the long awaited Messiah, the Son of David, walked among them. Through the Passover feast spoken of by Moses, Yehudah reveals the meaning behind the meal while his relatives slowly awaken to the fact that God's chosen people crucified the very Messiah whose reign they have awaited so long.

The Messiah: Prophecy Fullfilled is an excellent tool for sharing with those who may grapple with who Jesus really was and is today.

For more details see the links,
 
http://www.christiancinema.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=296

Runtime: 50 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 2004
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families.

Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian	