Collection of comics based on the original Battlestar Galactica series and the reimagined series.


Marvel Comics
Marvel Comics’ began its adaptation of Battlestar Galactica with Super Special #8, a magazine format comic released as a tie-in to the start of the series. Based on an early script of the three hour series premiere "Saga of a Star World", this adaptation, which gave a relatively short treatment to the third hour, was also released in a tabloid format and then later as a paperback as well.  Its success led Marvel to print a regular monthly comic depicting the adventures of the ragtag fleet.  When the regular run of Marvel's Battlestar Galactica comic book began some months later, the Super Special adaptation was expanded by several pages, and provided the material for the first three issues of the comic.
The direct adaptation of the series continued in issues #4 and #5 which chronicled the adventures depicted in the two part television episode "Lost Planet of the Gods".  Roger McKenzie continued as scripter, with Walter Simonson now providing the art.
With issue #6, the TV adaptations ceased, and Marvel's team began to create new stories about the characters of the Battlestar Galactica universe, picking up from where issue #5 left off.  From this point, both in terms of story content and the narrative arc, Marvel's Battlestar Galactica does deviate somewhat from the televised adventures. Marvel's contract with Universal Studios specifically did not allow them to use anything from the television series that followed "Lost Planet of the Gods".  Despite this, Marvel made a conscious decision to continue the story with their own vision of how the series would progress, and so presents an interesting interpretation of Galactica - through a Marvel paradigm.
Although the run of the Battlestar Galactica comic coincided with the broadcast of the short-lived Galactica sequel series, Galactica 1980 on ABC, the newer program was never referred to in the pages of the comic, apart from the letters page, and no attempts were made to construct the comic with the events of Galactica 1980 as a foreseen plot outcome.


Look-In Magazine
This children's magazine published a serialized BSG strip from October 20, 1979, to October 11, 1980.  The four untitled storylines spanned 52 issues, 13 two-page chapters per storyline, from 1979 #43 to 1980 #42 (the numbering started over again at #1 in January 1980, though the storyline continued to fold as normal). 


Grandreams Annuals
In addition, Grandreams came out with two Battlestar Galactica hardcover annuals, which contained short text and comic book stories.  Far inferior to the Look-In strips, these comics were aimed primarily at children.


Maximum Press
In July 1995, Maximum Press published a well received mini-series that explained what it was that had happened to our heroes in the intervening years.  Ignoring the storyline of the much derided ABC sequel series Galactica 1980, this tale followed the crew as they finally approached Earth, led by Commander Apollo, who had succeeded his father.
This miniseries was popular enough that it spawned a group of sequels including "Apollo's Journey", "The Enemy Within", and "Starbuck" all published as three issue series in 1995 through early 1996. "Journey's End", the final four issue series, broke many Galactica conventions, and contains the memorable sequence of the Galactica travelling through time back to the Cylon attack on Caprica.  After the publishing of the Battlestar Galactica Compendium in early 1997 however, the steam ran out of this endeavor and Maximum announced it would no longer be publishing Galactica based comics.


Realm Press
In 1998, Realm Press brought Battlestar Galactica back to comics again beginning with their "Battlestar Galactica Search for Sanctuary" single issue special.  Other one shots were subsequently published.  Later, Realm introduced a monthly comic titled "Battlestar Galactica Season 3".  Unfortunately, this series only ran for three issues before it was cancelled, and shortly thereafter Realm abandoned the project altogether.


Dynamite Press
In May 2006, Dynamite Entertainment announced a new ongoing Battlestar Galactica comic book series based on the reimagining, set between the events of "Home" and "Resurrection Ship".
In addition to the aforementioned ongoing title, Dynamite produced other "new" Battlestar Galactica comics, including a 4-issue series spotlighting Tom Zarek's life, a prequel mini set during the first Cylon War, and a one-shot featuring the Battlestar Pegasus.
Battlestar Galactica Season Zero which occurs two years before the events in the SciFi TV movie.  
A four-issue miniseries about the Ghost Squadron, a black-ops team that fly stealthed Vipers, who find them separated from the rest of the fleet after the Cylon attack.  
David Reed and Seamus Kevin Fahey (writer of televised episode "Faith" and co-writer of webisode series "The Face of the Enemy") have written an official series about the backstory of the Final Five
Battlestar Galactica: Cylon Apocalypse, takes place at an undetermined time after the series ended.


Released on  http://ComicPirates.info