Vociferian is a one man band orchestred by Lord Genocide since winter 1999. Lord Genocide, also involved in many other musical projects like Goatholocaust, Lüger, Conjüratör and a few more private projects. The band has been created in France, it is there the first riffs of Vociferian were born. The style of Vociferian is hard to describe, taking roots on the pioneers of the genre while producing a sound and musical content all very personnal, very rich. 

 We could say the first album of Vociferian, "Preludium to Massacre", was rather depressive with a raw sound, atmospheric passages, supported by a frenetic and psychotic chant. It first got released in 2000, as a demo CD-R. Being well received, this demo got reissued in 2003, on tape format, by Voicea Succubus Records. Thus, its finaly been turn of the Quebecer label, Autistiartili Records, to finaly release a CD version, in 2004. 

The second opus, "Triumphant Usurper Beast" was in the vein of the first one, but way more aggressive and efficacious, less in melody and flourish, stabbing straight to heart. This album has been pressed as CD by Time Before Time Records in 2005. The same year, it also been distributed as a tape by the Swedish label, Total Holocaust Records.

From there, Vociferian got oriented towards a way different Black Metal, a cavernous Black/Death, for its collaboration with Goatholocaust, released as a split CD entitled "Maître Bouc". The part of Vociferian being called "Nekrocryptic Monolith Ov Regression". This split has first been released on tape, in 2004, by Voicea Succubus Records, and later, on CD by Regimental Records, in 2006. 

Then, "Exxakschionnistiik Warmageddon Xzul", a basic and efficacious album, in the vein of the firsts of Impiety and Impaled Nazarene, released by Meurtre Noir, on CD, in 2005. 

The mini album "Universal Hate Decades Ultimatum" was very close to the split with Goatholocaust, what than the approach was nevertheless different, with a better sound. Five shell shards, collected on CD, by Infernus Rex, in 2005. 

It is with "Beredsamkeit" that Lord Genocide came back to roots. An album all in atmosphere, a naturalist portrait with atmospheric melodies and frozen sound. It is Morbid Moon Records, label from Montreal, that handled the task. The release did happen under CD format in 2006. 

The next opus to be out is an equaly personnal and majestuous masterpiece, on both visual and musical sides. The guitars are more present and numerous, while lyrics are wrote in French and the concept of the album is taking source into the apocalyptic visions of St-John. Vociferian "Glorificia Bestialis" CD album, is about to be released in collaboration with the Canadian label Obskure Sombre Records, prepare for it to be out in 2009 ! 

As in anno domini 2005, 2009 should be a great year for Vociferian. In fact Lord Genocide just finished preparing for a brand new material. Recorded as a follower of the previous "Nekrocryptic Monolith Ov Regression" and "Universal Hate Decades Ultimatum", this piece is about BLACK/DEATH of the purest form with the own way of Vociferian for sure, and the whole artworks are done by Chris Moyen. More news on it after the "GLORIFICIA BESTIALIS" album is being released on Obskure Sombre Records (Canada) in co-release with the hellish hordes of Suffering Jesus (Canada), Sabbathid (Japan), MetalBolic records (USA) & Secret Port Records (Greece) !!! A great collaboration for the 10 years and so first decade of Vociferian !! 

 The new piece "On Angelbones Blood Altarized" is just signed at the end of March 2009 to Archasm Releasing (USA) and will be out this Autumn around October (all cover artworks by Chris Moyen). Firsts copies will come with a limited "Napalmgoat Gestapocalypse" poster (by Cyclonus Serpentiis).


Current line-up 
Lord Genocide - Everything (Archaic (Fra), Goatholocaust, Lüger, Deathcode of the Abyss, Widomar, Crux Dissimulata, Conjüratör) 

Genre = Black Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
01. Napalmgoat Gestapocalypse  
02. Homily Of The Necro-Cuntgregation 
03. Sadolocaust Ejaskullation Ritual  
04. Blackwinged Desacralizor Of The Earthly Tumor 
05. Vicious Baptism In Exaltation Of Bestiality  
06. Death To The Nazarene King Of Jews 
07. Seraphinslaves Anal-Hellxecution 
08. Invocation Among The Fumes Of Thy Rotting Cultists 