This Pack Contains All the PreOrder Bonuses (The Classic Pack, The Tribal Pack, The Caravan Pack, The Mercenary Pack)

To Install, extract the files and put them into your Fallout New Vegas/Data folder and enable them by going to your fallout launcher -> Data Files.


GameStop -- The Classic Pack:

   Armored Vault 13 Suit - Extensively patched up and dotted with
   piecemeal armor, this outfit is a homage to the classic ending of
   the original Fallout.

   Vault 13 Canteen - This handy device is useful for staving off
   dehydration and providing a small amount of healing in the Mojave
   Wasteland.

   Weathered 10mm Pistol - A well-worn 10mm pistol that packs an extra
   punch despite its modest size.

   5 Stimpaks - Food and water are good for long-term healing, but when
   the fighting is fierce, Stimpaks help keep Wastelanders upright.


Amazon -- The Tribal Pack:

   Tribal Raiding Armor - Pieced together from scraps of armor, this
   outfit provides protection without impacting mobility.

   Broad Machete - This heavy-bladed melee weapon does high damage
   against limbs and can quickly deal out a flurry of attacks.

   5 Bleak Venom doses - Useful on any Melee Weapon, Bleak Venom makes
   short of work of most living targets.

   10 Throwing Spears - If you would like to silently pin an enemy's
   head to a wall, Throwing Spears are the way to do it.


Steam and Walmart -- The Caravan Pack:

   Lightweight Leather Armor - This hand-modified suit of leather armor
   reduces its overall weight without impacting its ability to protect.

   Sturdy Caravan Shotgun - Despite its rough appearance, this Caravan
   Shotgun will reliably fire 20 gauge shells until the Brahmin come home.

   4 Repair Kits - Useful for repairing any outfit or weapon, Repair
   Kits are a valuable tool for any caravaner.

   Binoculars – The Mojave Wasteland is a dangerous place, but with
   these trusty Binoculars you’ll be able to spot trouble coming.


Best Buy -- The Mercenary Pack:

   Lightweight Metal Armor - Modified for long-range travel, this Metal
   Armor sacrifices some protection for mobility and overall weight.

   Mercenary’s Grenade Rifle - Though similar to other 40mm Grenade
   Rifles in the Mojave Wasteland, this model has a faster reload cycle.

   3 Super Stimpaks - When you absolutely, positively, need to keep
   your blood inside your body, Super Stimpaks fix you up in no time.

   3 Doctors Bags - Mercenaries and broken limbs go together like
   Iguana-on-a-Stick and Nuka Cola. Thankfully, these Doctors Bags take
   a bit of sting out of the inevitable crushed skull.


Please continue SEED so everyone can get this with faster speed!