Rusko - O.M.G.! [2010] [320kbps] [ALBUM]


Rusko has made a name for himself in the dubstep world by introducing a focus on mid-range wobble over sub-bass tremor. O.M.G. is only his first full-length, despite his presence on the scene for several years. For the album Rusko has broadened his sound to include other electro styles like disco, house, and garage. He has also included a puzzling array of guests, including Amber Coffman of the Dirty Projectors, Italian dance duo Crookers, and Atlanta rapper Gucci Mane.

Track List
1. Woo Boost
2. Hold On ft Amber Coffman
3. Rubadub Shakedown ft Rod Azlan
4. Dial My Number
5. I Love You
6. Kumon Kumon
7. Scareware ft Redlight
8. Raver’s Special
9. Feels So Real ft Ben Westbeech
10. You’re ON My Mind Baby
11. Got Da Groove ft Gucci Mane
12. Oy ft Crookers
13. My Mouth
14. District Line

Like all genres, dance music moves in phases. The sound of the moment is dubstep, a brutal British movement led by faceless blokes with names like Caspa and The Bug, and characterized by wobbling basslines that hum like a moving lightsaber. It’s a menacing sound, an oscillating drone that pounds you into submission.

The U.K. beatsmith Rusko is a titan of the genre, having broken through with the 2008 single “Cockney Thug,” which piled syncopated drums atop that furious drone, punctuating the whole thing with shrill whistles that might as well have been criss-crossing bottle rockets. At one point the whole song stopped, and a British-accented voice blurted out “I ’avent got a clue what’s going on.”

Released on Diplo’s Mad Decent label, Rusko’s new album is even more disorienting—in a good way. Refusing to bend to its own genre’s conventions, it plays like a mash-up of every major dance movement of the last 30-plus years. “Feels So Real” warps a disco beat. “Kumon Kumon” is a straight-up jungle track. “Rubadub Shakedown” chatters like reggae, then downshifts into a funk groove. “Got Da Groove” dabbles in hip-hop, with vocals from ubiquitous Atlanta rapper Gucci Mane. “Do U Wanna Have A Party” delivers a crushing bass drop and a quacking duck.

Rusko is big on unexpected sound effects; he also implements laser guns and shattering glass and the telltale squawk of a connecting fax machine. But the glue that binds the album is that signature dubstep beat, which takes on a surprising number of forms and conjures an unexpected array of emotions. It can underpin a diva, as it does for Dirty Projectors’ Amber Coffman on “Hold On.” But it can also do what it does late in the album on “You’re On My Mind Baby”—pulse way down in the mix, a low thrum holding steady like an idling engine, ready at any moment to crank up.