Its Friday but unfortunately Its a Elimination Day ! Cheesy

Its starts with the Big B Smiley

Showing from the first episode and how people judge each other and nominated and all those fight and shouts, cries and emotions ...in the Big Boss House

Raju and Sherlyn happily dancing ... Hey A new hairstyle Sherlyn having? Hah ? Is she want to look tom boy ? Is she looking Preity ?

Tanaaz giving a lesson to Baktyaar and making him understand how to behave here and sweetly making plan?

Sherlyn trying to speak soft with everyone ..

Ha ha ha ha ha.. Tanaaz giving a lesson of meditation..Looks they are missing Ram Dev Baba in their House ... meditation is necessary and must in Big Boss house.

Baktyaar standing in front of mirror and making himself relaxed so that he can behave and talk normally with everyone..

Raju is doing cat walk and trying to show Rohit Verma's  Collections... ( Funny act Raju)

Tanaaz being a Good wife time to time teaching her Husband and making him understand that its a place where he can change himself.

Big Boss Called Jaya Sawant to Confession Room and asked how she is feeling... Jaya Sawant replied positively ( without any drama)

Tanaaz Baktyaar forgot they are in camera and start romancing.... Wink

Big B showed some the  Sweet and Crispy movement happened in the house last days..

Elimination time: :-
Big B introduced himself  and Interacted with contestant.   U know Big B asked Vindu who actually spit the Milk .

Aww Big B made fun with Raju and acted what was  Tanaaz  did when she had a fight with Kamaal . Big B acted "disappear act of Tanaaz". hahahaha

Big B also asked Shamita how she is feeling and  same asked with Aaditi , Poonam and others.

New feature added in this Show . ya the audience questioned is asked by Big B to the contestants..

Big B asked Nominees why they are nominated why they are nominated ?

Finally Jaya Sawant is Elimanated and Out of Big Boss house ..

Big Boss asked Jaya Sawant to choose one out of two option either she can order one of the member not to make up and to stay simple or she can order one of the member who is lazy to wash clothes of all member for one week.

Jaya chooses Rohit ( Ha ha ha ) anyways . ya Jaya Chooses Rohit Instead of Sherlyn ( Glamor girl) to leave without make up and style for one week.

Finally show ends .. new journey will begin from Monday.. Lets see who going to nominate next week .

Any guesses  ?