Glamour Girls 2




screens (+ large DVD-covers): 
http://www.imageblues.info


(look for: 2009-Oct-27: Glamour Girls 2)




For the DVD.Xvid torrent: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5071874/Glamour_Girls_2_%282009%29_-_Rebeca_Linares__Jayden_Jaymes__Avy_Scot



Avy Scott is back and stars in Glamour Girls 2, alongside Jayden James, Rebeca Linares, Kristina Rose, and former contract star Sadie West, directed by the award winning, William H, and shot in 1080p HD. 
Featuring five intense and passionate hardcore sex scenes, the movie also includes extended tease sequences for each girl in an epic location.

Actresses

    * Avy Scott
    * Jayden Jaymes
    * Kristina Rose
    * Rebeca Linares
    * Sadie West

   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Avy Scott, Mick Blue
    * Scene 2. Kristina Rose, Mark Ashley
    * Scene 3. Anthony Rosano, Jayden Jaymes
    * Scene 4. Mark Ashley, Rebeca Linares
    * Scene 5. Anthony Rosano, Sadie West


Studio:          Elegant Angel
Released:        08/2009
Language:        English


Video:  RE-ENC - 3120kpbs 
Audio:  2.0 DD
Ratio:  1.77:1
Type;   NTSC
Image:  .iSO
Menu:   PARTIAL EDIT
Extras: PARTIAL STRIP
Trailers removed.


REVIEW:

Elegant Angel is currently the most consistently solid gonzo production company in all of porn, relying on what a few friends and I call a "meat & potatoes" approach rather than try to be all things to all people or promote quantity over quality as others have successfully done. While I do not always find their work as perfect as some of my colleagues (on Xcritic and elsewhere), there is no doubt that under the administrative leadership of owner Patrick Collins, directors like William H. Nutsack have evolved into near forces of nature in delivering the goods to the raincoaters crowd. I don't go to them for features full of bad acting and ten year old videogame level computer graphics for special effects, I go to them for hardcore fucking and tease that remains strokable years past the flavor of the moment have lost favor. Their latest collaboration is a little fuck flick called Glamour Girls 2 Blu-ray, the sequel to Glamour Girls 1, in which the ladies are dolled up even nicer than usual, handled in such a manner that those of you not typically into the straightforward nature of the action provided might even find this better than your usual source of smut, ladies such as Avy Scott, Sadie West, Kristina Rose, Jayden Jaymes, and Rebeca Linares showing their partners a really hot time. If this sounds as good to you as it did to me when I picked up my copy, you will likely find it worth your while to check out. Here's a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:


Scene One: 
Avy Scott, the curvy beauty featured on the front cover, was up first to establish the formula of the show with her seductive dancing in lingerie with heavy makeup on her face. As with the other scenes, there was an extended strip tease sequence with excellent editing elevating the quality of the act, Avy soon paired off with studly Mick Blue. Mick undressed her as he pawed her and sucked her tits by the metal railing of the staircase, bending her over as he savored her ass crack to her delight. Avy's flexibility was displayed prominently here, her moans of pleasure far more believable than usual as she spread her legs for the orally inclined guy. They started fucking vaginally but Avy wanted him in her mouth, breathlessly looking into his eyes as she reciprocated with a fantastic blowjob. The two kept eye contact as possible and showed some serious chemistry, biting and aggressively fucking as they both seemed ready to scratch an itch. Mick choked her a little but this seemed to be at her bequest, neither of them speaking so much as giving their all until he launched his load of genetic juice at her mouth.

Scene Two: 
Kristina Rose, a short brunette with tons of sex appeal, was up next in her satin pink and black corset and accessories during the tease. While she usually portrays a slutty dynamo, Kristina acted more seductively and glamorously as would be fitting for the theme of the day. Once the tease was over, she was dressed up again with Mark Ashley tweaking her nipples, caressing her body and spanking her as he prepared to go down on her. They screwed vaginally at length before she slobbed his knob too, Kristina wanting him inside of her as much as he wanted to bone her like he owned her, the eye contact and whispered nothings speaking volumes as to the chemistry shared between them. There was more screwing and more oral too, Mark jerking off a wad of population pudding to her abdomen to close things up.

Scene Three: 
Jayden Jaymes, another curvy brunette but with crystal blue eyes, was up next in a thong and bra combination, her appeal going deeper than just physical as she slightly shook her famous body and maintained eye contact with the camera. I found her short bout of tease in the bathtub really hot but as expected, she ended up with moper Anthony Rosano, the guy wearing a suit as though going to court as a defendant. The couple kissed at length and she undressed him, laughing at how difficult it was to unleash his beast for the blowjob. By this time, her focus had shifted to address Anthony as the only person in her universe, her passionate blowjob leading to the pair continuing the dynamic during a vaginal plowing indicative of a positive experience. Anthony gave her some intermittent oral between positions, Jayden far more vocal than her previous peers had been, the active ride leading to a mouth pop where she provided some post coital head with a smile.

Scene Four: 
Rebeca Linares, another brunette cutie with a leaner than average body, was up next as she continued the formulaic posturing and teasing in a black and gold corset and matching accessories. As always, she had a way of looking at the camera that set her apart on some level, the scene reverting to her pairing off with Mark Ashley after that. They screwed vaginally in bed and while she was the first gal to alternate between looking at him and looking at the camera, she was an active vaginal rider here that fully participated in all the sex acts. The chemistry was a bit weaker than I've seen from them in the past but he tossed off a big load to her abdomen all the same.

Scene Five: 
Sadie West, a curvy babe with an incredibly sexy face reminding me of Lanny Barbie, was up last as she seductively shook her figure aptly and even smoked a little in her black outfit, her bit in the pool the best of her opening act. She was also paired off with third tier moper Anthony Rosano, the guy shoving his pecker into her mouth as she tried to aggressively do him before climbing onto his body in a 69. He gave her what she wanted and the form of some limited oral, soon pounding away at each other in a vaginal bout of boning as they spit on each other, choked, and otherwise engaged in some rough stuff. I enjoyed the eye contact and her dirty talk, the scene finishing up when he rubbed out a wad of semen to her mouth for sucking him off so well.

Summary: 
Glamour Girls 2 Blu-ray by director William H. Nutsack for Elegant Angel was a fun project using some very attractive ladies and glamorizing them up a few notches higher than usual in the five scenes. The attempts to go slightly beyond previous efforts were noticed and while not perfectly consistent, it did enhance the resumes of the entertaining gals yet again. The amount of fuck for the buck, strokability, and replay value was worthy of a rating of at least Recommended or more depending on how much you adore the ladies present and I look forward to seeing future volumes as well as a possible high definition version if possible. In short, Glamour Girls 2 was just as solid a piece of stroke fodder as Glamour Girls 1 so pick up a copy rather than waste your time with lesser efforts by wannabe leaders in gonzo production that are unable to keep up, this Blu-ray version of the original looking even better for the few extra bucks it cost, the visual elements enhanced substantially. 




4,000+ torrents: 

(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens



