File Info:


Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:42

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2653 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.39 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Obsession" is a song by American singer-songwriter Sky Ferreira taken from her upcoming debut album. The single was released on September 14, 2010, as the first US single from the album. "Obsession" is also featured on the soundtrack of the Vampire Diaries and is featured in a promotional video for the show. It will also be released worldwide as her debut single.

The music video debuted on September 30, 2010. It is directed by Marc Klasfeld.

In the video, Ferreira has an infatuation with actor Michael Madsen. Though her friends think this is ridiculous, she sets out to find Madsen and convince him to be with her. She dreams of Madsen aiding her in cutting one of her friend's hair. She eventually sneaks into Madsen's house. The last scene has the actor coming to see Ferreira and her friends in a restaurant. They both walk out after Madsen pays for the group's meal, and Ferriera's "friends" are left stunned.

Throughout Ferreira's dream sequences, Madsen is dressed in a suit and some of the video may be a nod to Madsen's character Mr. Blonde from Reservoir Dogs.

"Obsession" was written and produced by record producers Ryan Tedder, DJ Frank E, and Skins.

"Obsession" debuted at number forty-four on the US Hot Dance Club Songs Chart.

Sky Ferreira (born July 8, 1992), is a Portuguese-American singer–songwriter and actress.

At the age of 15, Ferreira would promote her music at clubs located in Los Angeles.

Ferreira signed to Parlophone in July 2009. She subsequently appeared in the video for "Pop the Glock" by Uffie and starred in the 2010 film Putty Hill directed by Matthew Porterfield. In June 2010, Ferreira appeared on the cover of Jalouse magazine after being featured in Dazed & Confused, Interview, Purple and Nylon. Ferreira is due to star in an upcoming Diesel campaign with Kristin Prim, which will be her first major advertising appearance.

Ferreira will release her yet untitled debut album January 11, 2011 in the US. The album took nearly four years to complete. "One", the album's first European single was released on June 1, 2010. The song was performed on numerous live performances, but failed to make a major impact on the charts, peaking at number sixty-four. "Obsession", the album's first North American single was released on September 14, 2010. The song is featured on the Vampire Diaries soundtrack. "Obsession" has so far failed to chart on any official music charts.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/