Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Full Circle is the second album released by The Doors after Jim Morrison's death, and also their last album together before they broke up. The album includes "The Mosquito", the last hit single by the band. Keyboardist Ray Manzarek and guitarist Robby Krieger took Morrison's place as lead singer. Also, unlike their earlier work, bassists were collaboratively used on every track.

The Doors have largely disregarded the two post-Morrison albums, with no official American CD releases of the albums. Full Circle was released on CD October 23, 2006 by the Timeless Holland label, along with the previous (post-Morrison) Doors album Other Voices.

It is relatively easy to find unofficial CD copies of Full Circle and Other Voices on the Internet, but these vinyl-to-CD transfers do not contain the single-only "Tree Trunk".

The Doors management has stated they are not in possession of the master tapes to the two post-Morrison albums, but remastered tracks from both of the post-Morrison albums can nevertheless be found on later official releases. The only track from Full Circle the Doors have re-issued is "The Mosquito". The track was released in 2000 as "No Me Moleste Mosquito" on the double-disc version of The Best of the Doors.

The Doors were an American rock band formed in 1965 in Los Angeles, California. Throughout its existence, the group consisted of vocalist Jim Morrison, keyboardist Ray Manzarek, drummer John Densmore, and guitarist Robby Krieger. The band took its name from Aldous Huxley's book The Doors of Perception, the title of which was a reference to a William Blake  quote: "When the doors of perception are cleansed, things will appear to man as they truly are...infinite." They were among the most controversial rock acts of the 1960s, due mostly to Morrison's wild, poetic lyrics and charismatic but unpredictable stage persona. After Morrison's death in 1971, the remaining members continued as a trio until finally disbanding in 1973.

Although The Doors' active career ended in 1973, their popularity has persisted. According to the RIAA, they have sold over 32.5 million albums in the US alone. The band has sold 80 to 100 million albums worldwide. Ray Manzarek and Robby Krieger still tour sometimes, with additional musicians, as Manzarek-Krieger, performing Doors songs exclusively.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/