Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Out Last Night" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Kenny Chesney. Released in March 2009, it is the only new track on his 2009 album Greatest Hits II. The song is Chesney's forty-second single release, and his thirty-eighth Top 40 hit on the U.S. country singles charts.

The music video was directed by Shaun Silva, and it premiered on May 1, 2009. The video mainly consists of Chesney and many other people at an island-themed party at night, with people mingling, drinking, hanging out around a campfire and swimming in a large pool. Kenny is shown singing at the campfire with his guitar, wearing his signature cowboy hat, a sleeveless shirt and jeans and is barefoot, and he is also shown singing with his guitar on a diving board, wearing a sleeveless shirt and shorts and is barefoot.

"Out Last Night" debuted at #25 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts dated for the week of April 11, 2009.[5] The song became Chesney's seventeenth Number One hit on the chart week of June 27, 2009 and his fourth consecutive chart-topper.  The song has now become his highest charting single on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #16 on the chart.

"Out Last Night" is an up-tempo song in which the male narrator recalls a party that he attended the night before. He recalls the people that he met there (including "girls from Argentina and Arkansas / Maine, Alabama and Panama"), as well as his actions (such as lying to others after a few drinks, and telling them that he is "a doctor, a lawyer, a senator’s son / Brad Pitt’s brother and a man on the run".) In the chorus, he says that "Everybody was some kind of star when we went out last night." Co-written by Brett James and Chesney, it is the only new track on his second greatest hits album, 2009's Greatest Hits II.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/