FORWARD: 

The continually evolving nature of shot shell reloading
is one of the most apparent things that set our hobby
apart from other pursuits. In my case, state of the art
makes it far more interesting to stand in front of a
reloading press than say, a potter's wheel, with my fingers
endlessly circumnavigating a clump of clay.
Chronicling the state of the art of shotshell ammunition is
similar to the very nature of shotgun sports: getting a fix on
a moving target, calculating your lead and following through.
In Reloading for Sbotgunners^ 5t h Edition, Rick Sapp has
stepped up to make some noise and break a few clays.
Modern, non-toxic pellets and the recipes to make
shotgun ammunition are, in many cases, superior to similar
lead-pellet loads.This is an outcome many of us hardly dared
dream of 25 years ago, when it became federal law to use
nontoxic pellets for migratory waterfowl hunting.At that
time, the ammunition industry had to re-examine everything,
including the most fundamental question: "What makes
an effective shotshell?" Everything until that point seemed
rather self-evident.
A modern shotshell is defined differently than it was
even 10 years ago, when the previous edition of Reloading
for Sbotgunners was published with Mic McPherson and
myself contributing.Today, we have several new non-toxic
pellet choices for handloading. Some of these, like HeviShot,
are denser than lead. In 2005, we can shoot waterfowl and
upland game carrying favorite old double guns, loaded with
Bismuth NoTox pellets in any gauge, without worrying
that the pellets will damage our barrels and without leaving
toxic ejecta scattered in the marsh. Steel shot handloading
continues to evolve over the course of time. Handloaders
have new powders with customized burn rates available;
these powders are specifically designed for steel shot
payloads. We have improved, tweaked and designed steel
shot load data, components and classifications in this time as
well. By any standard, modern steel loads are recognized as
excellent waterfowling ammunition. Furthermore, because
steel pellets are the new industry standard for waterfowl
loads, their use has become an economical option.
Rick's perspective and research in Reloading for
Sbotgunners #5 are fresh.The book is not just a reference
manual; his writing style will keep you reading. Even if you
already know everything there is to know about reloading
shotshells, reading this book adds up to a chance for you to
see your hobby in a different light - focusing perhaps on
previously unremarked contours of hand-loaded shells.
Though time away from the potter's wheel may mean we
use store-bought coffee mugs and ashtrays, I contend that
reloading shotshells is also a productive, useful way to spend
some leisure time. Reloading, for many of us, is a rewarding
pursuit, an end in itself, particularly if part of your enjoyment
comes from shooting the shells you make.This immediate
feedback will keep your brain in motion, considering
improvements for the "next batch." For these reasons, making
"the best shotshell possible" will remain forever interesting
and grass will not be growing underfoot.