S   K   i   D   R   O

->  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   <-

proudly presents
Elemental: War of Magic / Stardock Entertainment

RELEASE DATE : 23-08-2010              PROTECTION : Stardock Activation
GAME TYPE    : Strategy                DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.

twice the fun   \/ double the trouble

On with the game release information:

Elemental is a fantasy strategy game set on a world filled
with magic and ancient lore. Rule a fledgling kingdom and
expand it across the world through a combination of magical
power, military might, diplomatic skill, technological
advancement and bold adventuring.

As sovereign, you begin as the only being in your kingdom
still able to channel power from the shards of magic, a
series of mystical artifacts left over from the cataclysm.

You must decide how much of your power to imbue into your
heroes as you build new cities, explore dungeons, perfect
spells of ever increasing power and negotiate with friends
and foes.

Victory can be yours through conquest, magical supremacy,
diplomatic alliances or the completion of the master quest.

Take control as the magical Sovereign, expanding your nation
in a fantasy turn-based setting

As a Channeler, your choices will either save or destroy the
dying world

Recruit heroes, explore dungeons, and collect treasure as each
game unfolds

Randomly generated worlds feel rich in history and ripe for
conquest

Tactical battles, custom units, and world-destroying spells
allow your might to be unleashed

Intergrated editors help to keep each game fresh and allow
players full control over their worlds

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Quote of the day "Shitty niche pc game without couch mode"

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS
