File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:59

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 5015 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.10 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Breaking Point" is an R&B song by American singer Keri Hilson. The song was written by Hilson herself and produced by Timbaland and is taken as the lead single from her upcoming second studio album, No Boys Allowed. The song was released digitally in the United States on September 7, 2010.

The music video for the single was confirmed by Hilson herself via Twitter and Facebook on September 10, 2010. She stated that Bryan Barber shot the video. The video was shot in her hometown of Atlanta. The music video premiered Monday, October 4th, 2010 on BET's 106 and Park.

Sara D Anderson of Aol Radio Blog said that "Over a strutting, mid-tempo Timbaland-produced back beat, Keri soars vocally, incorporating an improvisational gospel style, while she lays down the law of love, stating "some women can be lied to / And cheated on, and beated on," but admits, "See I done did that / But this time, there's a limit to my love."

The concept of the song itself is about moving on from relationships that are not working and expecting men to step up to the plate and show women more respect and love. Hilson said about the song: "The song is about that breaking point that every woman gets to when the excuses given by boys are no longer accepted. If you're not man enough to step to the plate, then keep it moving".

Keri Lynn Hilson (born December 5, 1982) is an American R&B singer-songwriter. Born and raised in Decatur, Georgia, Hilson made herself a name as a songwriter as part of a collective of writers and producers known as The Clutch in the mid 2000s, penning tracks for other artists such as Britney Spears, Ciara, Ludacris, and Usher.

Hilson's debut studio album, In a Perfect World… was released in March 2009, and debuted at number one on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in the United States, where it was certified gold selling more than 500,000 copies. The album included the worldwide hit, "Knock You Down" which featured Kanye West and Ne-Yo and earned her a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in 2010. A reissue of the album, included the German number-one hit "I Like" which gained a platinum accreditation, selling more than 200,000 copies. As a prominent guest vocalist in both the contemporary R&B and hip hop genres, Hilson has been featured on over a dozen singles by other artists, beginning with Xzibit's "Hey Now (Mean Muggin)," on which she received her first official credit in 2004. Other successful collaborations include the number-one single "The Way I Are" and "Scream" with Timbaland, also featuring D.O.E. and Nicole Scherzinger respectively.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/