Titles: 
1) Cultures: The Discovery of Vinland 
2) Cultures 2: The Gates of Asgard
3) Northland
4) 8th Wonder of The World

Developer: Funatics Software
Publishers:
1) Cultures - THQ Inc.
2) Cultures 2 - Jowood Productions Ltd.
3) Northland - Funatics Software
4) Wonder - Funatics Software

Genre: City-building strategy
Released:
1) Cultures - 2000
2) Cultures 2 - 2002
3) Northland - 2002
4) Wonder - 2003

Descriptions:
1) Cultures - Vikings aren’t cute? Yes they are – the heroes of this adventure, their animations and graphics, are really cuddly. Yet this civilization-building strategy game leads into a world full of dangers and mysteries. Each Viking’s individual wished, skills and needs must be considered, as each of them has some responsibility for the tribe. The little guys need jobs and names. To make their community grow and prosper, the lives of these Vikings need to steered onto the right tracks: Lovable characters are waiting for new tasks.
 
2) Cultures 2 - Calm and peaceful is the life of Barni and his Vikings in their village on the shores of Greenland, until one day their idyllic lives are disrupted by a prophecy which our hero sees in a vision. Bjarni must set out on a search which will lead him from England via Byzantium to the gates of Baghdad. As the missions progress, the player first meets West European tribes. In the mediaeval scenario, he settles on the Normandy coast, crosses the channel to England and later gets caught between the fronts in a battle between Christians and Saracens in southern Italy. Captivating adventures, complete with kings’ daughters and dragonslayers, must be mastered before the saga leads on into the mysterious Orient. In the East, Bjarni experiences fantastic adventures with Fakirs and a ghost in a bottle until he finally reaches his goal. In the dramatic final, four heroes must face the Great Snake. Will their friendship be strong enough to save Bjarni’s home? Each mission has a historically accurate background – gain real knowledge from a fascinating game! 

3) Northland - This game tells the story of Bjarni, a stout Viking: As a young boy, he accompanied his kin on a journey to search for the mysterious Sunstones. The search led them all the way to an undiscovered continent – America. His father, Leif Eriksson, today is often called the true discoverer of America – much earlier than Christopher Columbus. His last adventure – a journey to solve the mystery of a strange vision – had led Bjarni through all of Europe and into the Orient. In his travels, Bjarni met three courageous heroes who chose to accompany him. Together, after numerous ordeals, they managed to defeat the terrible Snake of Midgard and save the world from destruction. For this had been Bjarni’s vision – and his fate. There was a spectacular victory celebration ... and then it was time for these heroes, who had become good friends, to go their separate ways... 

4) Wonder - A new, hugely captivating adventure with Bjarni and his friends ...Shadow and chaos are threatening the world. An unstoppable dark power is spreading across all the world’s provinces. All that remains of great and powerful kingdoms now is memories... An ancient saga of the Egyptians tells of this dark power and states that it can only be banished if humanity’s greatest and most glorious achievements are re-created. And so the Council of Tribes decides that all the World Wonders of the antique world must be built anew. However, even the last two remaining world wonders – the Gizeh pyramids and Pharos’ Lighthouse in Alexandria – are in danger. Constant earthquakes rock the lighthouse, while armies of dark warriors and beasts approach the pyramids. Together, the Tribes must act quickly: While the Byzantines and Saracens defend the Gizeh pyramids, you and your Viking people must prevent the Lighthouse of Alexandria from collapsing. 

Metacritic:
1) Cultures - http://www.metacritic.com/games/platforms/pc/cultures/
2) Cultures 2 - http://www.metacritic.com/games/platforms/pc/cultures2/
3) Northland - http://www.metacritic.com/games/platforms/pc/northland/
4) Wonder - http://www.metacritic.com/games/platforms/pc/8thwonderoftheworld/

Installation:
1) Mount or burn game images;
2) Install the games;
3) Play the games without the CDs.

If you like the games, buy the originals.