Title: Ivy The Kiwi?
Genre: Platformer      
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: NTSC
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
Players of all ages are instantly drawn to the plight of Ivy, introduced to the charming bird through an unfolding storybook style, first seen as her orange head and beak break out of her shell and cries for her mother. Receiving no response, Ivy sets off through a dreamy forest, meeting many birds but none who share her resemblance. As she wanders, she stumbles upon a single glowing red feather and the first clue of her mother’s whereabouts. Presented in a beguiling storybook-like art style, Ivy the Kiwi? utilizes a unique control scheme to guide Ivy through her daunting journey. Ivy moves back and forth freely and independently of the player through timed 2-D side-view landscapes, and is guided by the use of vines created and controlled by the Wii Remote as players aim to collect more orange feathers through the stages to boost their overall score. These stretchy vines herd Ivy forward, upstairs, over walls and dangerous spikes and other menacing obstacles. Multiple vines may be created and used in conjunction, and an existing vine can be pulled in a slingshot motion to propel flightless Ivy skyward or forward as a projectile to drill through barriers and enemies. Vines bend and flex with the motion of the Wii Remote, but pulled too far and they snap!    


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers