This is the digital copy from my Paul Blart: Mall Cop Blu Ray. I hope you all enjoy and remember to seed


At the New Jersey State Police training facility, new recruits are running an obstacle course. Despite being overweight, Paul Blart (Kevin James) completes almost the entire course in amazing time, but passes out at the very end from hypoglycemia before the finish line.
While on patrol at work riding his Segway PT, Blart notices a new wig kiosk and the kiosk's vendor, Amy (Jayma Mays). Back at base Blart has to take the new guy, Veck Simms (Keir O'Donnell), out on another patrol to train him. Veck watches uninspiredly as Blart pulls over an elderly man on a scooter and attempts to give him a ticket; then inadvertantly makes a row between two women worse by telling a fat woman that he understands it's hard to be fat and she attacks him. At the end of Blart's shift, he becomes acquainted with Amy and gives her a ride back to her car. That night at the mall worker's party he tries to talk to Amy but another rude worker named Stuart, attempting to woo Amy informs him that he might as well give up. Veck steps forward to help Blart by stating that the man's occupation of pen salesman isn't as great, but ignores his thanks. Blart then enters an eating contest and accidentally gets drunk while trying to cool his mouth with what he thought was lemonade and embarrasses himself in front of Amy, culminating in a fall through the window of American Joe's.
On Black Friday, Amy, Veck and other colleagues are in the bank to cash their paychecks. Blart is heading there too, but the owner of the video arcade asks him to help him close the store. While a gang break in through the service entrance and prepare to take over the mall by force, Blart is distracted by playing Rock Band in the arcade zone. The robbers clear the mall and take hostages in the bank. The hostages get down, except Veck, who reveals that he is the ringleader of the gang. Veck plans to use credit card codes to steal $30 million and fly to Cayman Islands. He also plans to take the hostages with them.
After Blart finishes the game, his borrowed cell-phone rings, and a man named Pahud calls to speak to Vijay's daughter, though Blart explains that her dad gave him the phone (as punishment to his daughter for going over her minutes), and they become quick friends. Pahud reveals he can locate the cellphone via GPS.
As Blart leaves the arcade, he is attacked by a gang-member, escapes, then calls the police. Police sergeant Howard (Adam Ferrara) instructs him to leave the mall immediately, but when he sees Amy's car in the parking lot, he realizes he must return back to save her and his friends. Subsequently, SWAT Commander James Kent (Bobby Cannavale), who was a high school athlete who used to bully Blart, takes control of the situation over Howard's protests.
While Blart fights against the gang members (who use various forms of martial arts and appear to know parkour) through improvised measures (even at one point blowing up the kitchen of a Rainforest Cafe), his daughter Maya arrives to bring Paul his dinner, but she is intercepted by the henchmen and taken away to the rest of the hostages.
After Blart works his way through all of Veck's underlings, such as by crushing Vixen by falling on top of her when he is crawling in a vent and by sending Rudolph flying into a ball pit, he tries to extract the hostages, but fails and is captured. Veck demands to have the credit card codes back and Blart flings him the phone of Vijay's daughter that contains the codes. While Veck is distracted, Blart skillfully flicks some of Leon's hot sauce (called the "Devil's Crotch") into Veck's eye but Blart doesn't capitalize on the distraction. Then Veck escapes with the codes and holds Amy and Maya at gunpoint.
Blart steals the mall's display minivan and chases after Veck with Commander Kent. Using GPS and Pahud's help, they track Veck to an airstrip. Veck fights Blart, ending with Blart being the victor. After Blart cuffs Veck, Kent pulls a gun on him, revealing that he was working with Veck the whole time. Kent is about to kill Blart, but Chief Brooks of mall security shoots the gun out of his hand and Howard arrests him.
The next morning, Maya is proud of her father and Blart gives Amy a birthday card; Amy kisses him. Sergeant Howard offers Blart a job with the West Orange Police, but, with quick thinking, he decides that he should stay at the Mall with Amy and the rest of his friends.
During the end credits, bonus scenes show Blart and Amy getting married in the mall with Paul's family and friends there, including Pahud.