German Learning Tips
German pronunciation and spelling are regular and predictable.
There are three categories of German nouns: masculine, feminine, and neuter.
German nouns are always capitalized, regardless of where they occur in a sentence. For example: Der Mann läuft.
Many verbs have two parts: one part that comes after the subject and one part that comes at the end of the sentence. For example: Der Mann hat einen Apfel gegessen.
The German alphabet contains all the letters of the Roman alphabet and in addition includes the letter ß.
The vowels in some German words have a mark written above them, a pair of dots called an umlaut ¨. This mark shows you how to properly pronounce the word, and it may distinguish one word from another, which is identical except for the mark. For example: ein Apfel – zwei Äpfel.
German has both formal and informal ways to address others, depending on the age of the speaker and his or her relationship to the person or persons being addressed.

This set will help you:

Build your vocabulary and language abilities
Read, write, speak and understand German
Speak German without a script
Retain what you’ve learned
Practice unscripted conversations in German
Negotiate complex situations with confidence and accuracy
Sample topics include:

The basics, such as age and family relations
Questions, greetings, introductions
Telling time, calendar terms, the weather
Directions, locations, dining out
Emotions, opinions, ideas
Political, media, business terms
Arranging home repairs
Planning to move abroad
Discussing the arts and tourism
Careers and conducting interviews
Problem-solving and commercial transactions

Requirements for Rosetta Stone User Workstations

Windows 2000 or later
Mac OS 10.4 or later
512 MB RAM
1 GHz or faster processor speed
600 MB free hard-drive space (per level)
16-bit sound card
800 x 600 display resolution (1024 x 768 recommended)
Internet or phone connection required for product activation
Speech recognition feature requires a USB headset microphone (included with purchase)
16X CD-ROM Drive (for installation)
Note for Microsoft® Windows Vista™ users:

Current Rosetta Stone products have been engineered to install and run on the Windows Vista operating system. Some 3rd party components used in Rosetta Stone products have not been certified by Microsoft as ‘Vista Compliant’. Accordingly, you may encounter some Vista-related operating issues. Rosetta Stone technical support may or may not be able to resolve these Vista-related issues. Rosetta Stone hereby disclaims any representations, warranties, guaranties and conditions with respect to the compatibility of the Rosetta Stone products with the Windows Vista operating systems.