Alpha Protocol / SEGA



RELEASE DATE: 27-05-2010 PROTECTION: Uniloc SoftAnchor

GAME TYPE: Shooter/RPG DISKS: 2 DVD



Game release information:



In the near future, worldwide political tensions are at a

breaking point when a commercial airliner is shot down by a

U.S. missile over Eastern Europe, killing all aboard. The U.S

government claims no involvement, and dispatches Agent Michael

Thorton to investigate and bring those responsible to justice



Loyalty carries a price and no one knows this more than agent

Michael Thorton. A talented young agent cast out by his

government, Thorton is the only one with the information

needed to stop an impending international catastrophe. To do

so means he must cut himself off from the very people he is

sworn to protect. As players determine how to accomplish

different objectives, the decisions made and actions taken in

each mission will ultimately transform the type of secret

agent Michael Thorton will become. Every choice the player

makes as Michael Thorton will carry consequences for his

future and the fate of the world



As the first modern day spy role-playing game, Alpha Protocol

offers unprecedented control over the development of Thorton's

abilities and his interactions with other characters. Upgrade

skills such as physical combat, weapons mastery, cutting-edge

technology and even seduction as you grow in experience and

complete missions



Customizable Spy - Players continually develop their spy with

advanced close-combat techniques, lethal marksmanship, the

ability to wield ingenious spy gadgets, and much more



Multiple Paths to Choose From - With no right or wrong

decisions, players can constantly change the storyline based

on the choices they make. Will they let a terrorist escape to

follow a lead, or eliminate targets against the mission

agenda? Demanding decisions are challenging and many



Revolutionary Interaction System - With the Alpha Protocol

'Ripple Effect' system, players can interact with allies and

enemies in a variety of ways. Their choices will dynamically

change the storyline and unlock new missions, weapons and

alliances



Complete Choice of Combat Style - An arsenal of weapons with

a plethora of customizable add-ons allows players to create a

personalized weapon load out for every mission. Cutting-edge

technology, stealth maneuvers, ballistic explosives and more

can be discovered and used!



No Time to Spare - Every decision and interaction in Alpha

Protocol is made with a time-limit that steadily ebbs away

Players must think fast, act urgently, and then prepare for

the consequences!



Real Modern-Day Setting - Players can live out real-world

espionage within rich international settings such as Rome

Moscow, Taipei, and Saudi Arabia



Developed by RPG Masterminds, Obsidian Entertainment- Founding

Obsidian members have worked on RPG blockbusters including

KOTOR II, Neverwinter Nights 2, Baldur's Gate, Planescape

Torment, and Fallout.