This is books regarding the history of many countries. The list is below. Hope you guys will like it. Please continue providing feedback.

History
Greece 
Edward Bulwer-Lytton 
Athens: Its Rise and Fall 
Demosthenes 
Oynthiacs and Phillipics 
Godsworthy Lowes Dickinson 
The Greek View of Life 
Herodotus, translated by by G. C. Macaulay 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Charles Kingsley 
Alexandria and Her Schools, lectures 
Thucydides 
The Peloponnesian War 
Marcius Willson and Robert Willson 
Mosaics of Grecian History 
Xenophon (13 books, 3.1 Mbytes) translated by H. G. Dakyns 
Agesilaus 
Anabasis 
Apology (very short) 
Cavalry General 
Cyropaedia 
Economist 
Hellenica 
Hiero 
Horsemanship 
Memorabilia 
Polity 
Revenues 
Sportsman 
Symposium 
Babylon and Assyria (3 books) 
Assyrian Historiography by Albert Olmstead 
The Babylonian Story of the Deluge by E.A. Wallis Budge 
The Religion of Babylonia and Assyria by Theophilus Pinches 
Legends of Babylon and Egypt by Leonard King 
Phoenicia (1 book) 
History of Phoenicia by George Rawlinson 
Rome 
Thomas de Quincey 
The Caesars 
Edward Gibbon (6 books, 6.6 Mbytes) 
Fall of the Roman Empire 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
Volume 5 
Volume 6 
Arthur Gilman 
The Story of Rome form the Earliest Times to the End of the Republic 
John Lord 
The Old Roman World 
Marcus Annaeus Lucanus 
Pharsalia 
Theodor Mommsen (6 books, 6.8 Mbytes) 
Roemische Geschichte (Roman History, in German) 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
Volume 5 
Volume 8 (6-7 not yet available) 
Robert Pennel 
Ancient Rome from the Earliest Times Down to 476 AD 
Suetonius 
Lives of the 12 Caesars and Lives of Grammarians, Rhetoricians, and Poets 
Both Greece and Rome 
Plutarch 
Essays and Miscellanies 
Lives, translated by A.H. Clough, includes 50 biographies, 23 Greek, 23 Roman, 2 others; originally published in 5 volumes 
Byzantine Empire 
Institutes of Justinian, translated by J.B. Moyle history/ancient/institutes of justinian.txt 
Australian History (17 books)
An Address to the Inhabitants Of The Colonies, established in New South Wales And Norfolk Island in 1792 by Richard Johnson (short) 
The Art of Living in Australia by P.E. Muskett 
Australia Twice Traversed. The Romance of Exploration, Being a Narrative Compiled from the Journals of Five Exploring Expeditions into and Through Central South Australia and Western Australia from 1872 to 1876 by 
Ernest Giles 
Australian Legendary Tales, Folk Lore of the Noongahburrahs as told to the Piccaninnies, collected by Mrs. K. Langloh Parker 
Australian Search Party by Charles Henry Eden 
Early Australian Voyages by John Pinkerton 
The Euahlayi Tribe--A Study of Aboriginal Life in Australia by Mrs. K. Langloh Parker 
The Expedition to Botany Bay by Watkin Tench 
Journal of an Overland Expdition in Australia 1844-1845 by Ludwig Leichhardt 
Journals of an Expedition of Discovery into Central Australia by Edward Eyre 
Journals of Two Expeditions into the Interior of New South Wales by John Oxley 
A Lady's Visit to the Gold Diggings of Australia in 1852-53, by Mrs. Charles (Ellen) Clacy 
Narrative of the Overland Expedition of the Messrs. Jardine by Frederick Byerley 
The Settlement at Port Jackson by Watkin Tench 
Successful Exploration through the Interior of Australia by William John Wills 
Two Expeditions into the Interior of Southern Australia During the Years 1828-1831 by Charles Sturt 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
British History
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle (c. 890) translated by James Ingram 
A Child's History of England by Charles Dickens 
The Corporation of London: Its Rights and Privileges by William Allen 
Diary and Letters of Madame d'Arblay 
volume 1, 1778-1787 
volume 2, 1787-1792 
Eminent Victorians by Lytton Strachey 
England Under the Tudors by Arthur Innes 
The Evoluton of an Empire: a Brief Historical Sketch of England by Mary Parmele 
The Great Boer War by Arthur Conan Doyle 
History Of The Britons (Historia Brittonum) c. 800 AD, by Nennius, Translated by J. A. Giles 
The History of England from the Accession of James II by Thomas Babbington, Lord Macaulay 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
Volume 5 
History of King Charles II of England by Jacob Abbott 
The History of England by A.F. Pollard 
History of James II by Charles James Fox 
Indian Frontier Policy by General Sir John Adye 
Inns and Taverns of Old London by Henry Shelley 
Landholding in England by Joseph Fisher 
Life of the Edward Earl of Clarendon [17th century] volume 2 by Henry Craik 
Life of Horatio Lord Nelson by Robert Southey 
Life of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen [Victoria], Volume 2, by Sarah Tyler 
Memoirs of Lady Fanshawe 
Queen Victoria by Lytton Strachey 
Queen Victoria, Her Girlhood and Womanhood by Grace Greenwood 
Reminiscences of Captain Gronow by Captain Rees Howell Gronow, Formerly of the Grenadier Guards, and 
M.P. for Stafford: being Anecdotes of the camp, the court, and the clubs, at the close of the last war with France. 
Related by himself. 
Selections, Speeches and Writings of Edmund Burke 
Short History of Wales by Owen M. Edwards 
Speech on Conciliation with America by Edmund Burke 
Speeches and Questions of Public Policy, Volume 1, by John Bright 
Ten Englishmen of the Nineteenth Century by James Richard Joy 
Travels in England in 1782 by Charles Moritz 
William Ewart Gladstone by James Bryce 
William the Conqueror by E.A. Freeman 
Young Folk's History of England by Charlotte Yonge 
Irish History 
The Irish Race in the Past and the Present by Rev. Aug. J. Thebaud 
Life of St. Declan of Ardmore, translated from the Irish by Rev. P. Power 
A Popular History of Ireland by Thomas D'Arcy McGee 
Welsh History 
Description of Wales by Giraldus Cambrensis 
Itinerary of Baldwin in Wales by Giraldus Cambrensis 
Wild Wales: Its People, Language, and Scenery by George Borrow 
Canadian History (25 books)
The British North America Act 1857 
Canada and the States by E.W. Watking 
The Canadian Dominion by Oscar Skelton 
Charter and Supplemental Charter of the Hudson's Bay Company (short) 
Chronicles of Canada, Edited by George M. Wrong and H. H. Langton, In thirty-two volumes 
Volume 1, the Dawn of Canadian History: a Chronicle of Aboriginal Canada  by Stephen Leacock 
Volume 2, the Mariner of St. Malo, a Chronicle of the Voyages of Jacques Cartier by Stephen Leacock 
Volume 3, the Founder of New France by Charles Colby 
Volume 4, the Jesuit Missions: a Chronicle of the Cross in the Wilderness by Thomas Guthrie Marquis 
Volume 5, the Seigneurs of Old Canada: a Chronicle of New-World Feudalism by William Bennett Munro 
Volume 6, the Great Intendant: A Chronicle of Jean Talon in Canada 1665-1672 by Thomas Chapais 
Volume 7, the Fighting Governor: a Chronicle of Fronteac by Charles Colby 
Volume 8, the Great Fortress, Louisburg 1720-1760 by William Wood 
Volume 9, the Acadian Exiles by Arthur Doughty 
Volume 10, the Passing of New France by William Wood 
Chignecto Isthmus: First Settlers by Howard Trueman 
The Conquest of New France, a Chronicle of the Colonial Wars by George Wrong 
Count Frontenac and New France Under Louis XIV by Francis Parkman 
Four Canadian Highwaymen by Edmund Collins 
Intellectual Development of the Canadian People by John Bourinot 
A Lady's Life on a Farm in Manitoba by Mrs. Cecil Hall 
Legends of Vancouver by E. Pauline Johnson 
Life in Canada 50 Years Ago by Caniff Haight 
The Lure of the Labrador Wild by Dillon Wallace 
Official Report of the Exploration of the Queen Charlotte Islands 
Over the Border: Acadia by Eliza Chase 
Owindia, A True Tale of the MacKenzie River Indians by Charlotte Bompas (short) 
Pioneers of France in the New World by Francis Parkman 
Treaties of Canada with the Indians of Manitoba and the Northwest Territories by Alexander Morris 
A Trip to Manitoba by Mary Fitzgibbon 
Two Months in the Camp of Big Bear by Theresa Gowandlock and Theresa Delaney 
Voyages of Samuel de Champlain 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Why and How: as Handbook for the USe of the WCT Unioins in Canada by Addie Chisholm 
A Woman's Way Through Unknown Labrador: An Account of the Exploration of the Nascaupee and George Rivers by Mrs. Leonidas Hubbard, Junior 
 
Chinese History (16 books)
A Bit of Old China by Charles Warren Stoddard (short) 
Among the Tibetans by Isabella Bird 
Ancient China Simplified by Edward Harper Parker 
The Book of Tea by Kakuzo Okakura 
China by Demetrius Boulger 
China and the Manchus by Herbert Giles 
The Chinese Boy and Girl by Isaac Taylor Headland 
Chinese Sketches by Herbert Giles 
The Civilization of China by Herbert Giles 
Court Life in China by Isaac Taylor Headland 
Diary of a Pedestrian in Cashmere and Tibet by Captain Knight 
The Fight for the Republic in China by L. Putnam Weale 
New Forces in Old China by Arthur Judson Brown 
A Record of Buddhistic Kingdoms, Being an Account by the Chinese Monk Fa-Hien of his Travels in India and Ceylon (A.D. 399-414) in Search of the Buddhist Books of Discipline 
Religions of Ancient China by Herbert Giles 
Seven Maids of Far Cathay. Being English Notes from a Chinese Class Book 
Tea Leaves by Francis Leggett and Company 
Danish History (1 book)
The Danish History, Books I-IX by Saxo Grammaticus ("Saxo the Learned") fl. Late 12th - Early 13th Century A.D. 
Exploration in Africa, Asia, Antarctica, the Arctic, and the South Pacific (31 books)
Roald Amundsen 
The South Pole 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Samuel White Baker 
The Albert N'Yanza, Great Basin of the Nile And Explorations of the Nile Sources 
Cyprus as I Saw It in 1879 
Eight Years' Wanderings in Ceylon 
In the Heart of Africa 
Nile Tributaries of Abyssinia and the Sword Hunters of the Hamran Arabs 
The Rifle and the Hound in Ceylon 
Isabella Bird 
Hawaiian Archipelago 
Richard Burton 
First Footsteps in East Africa 
The Land of Midian 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
The Life of Sir Richard Burton by Thomas Wright 
The Kasidah of Haji Abdu El-Yezdi, translated by Richard Burton 
without accents 
with accents 
Personal Narrative of a Pilgrimage to Al-Madinah and Meccah 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Two Trips to Gorilla Land and the Cataracts of the Congo 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Andrew Carnegie 
Round the World 
Winston Churchill (American cousin of Sir Winston Churchill) 
The River War: An Account of the Reconquest of the Sudan 
Marquess of Dufferin (1 book) 
Letters from High Latitudes, Being some account of a voyage in 1856 of the schooner yacht "Foam" to Iceland, Jan Meyen, and Spitzbergen, by the 
William Gilder 
Sledging in the Arctic in Quest of the Franklin Records 
Richard Hakluyt (3 books) 
The Discovery of Muscovy 
Voyager's Tales 
Voyages in Search of the Northwest Passage 
J.D. Hooker 
Himalayan Journals 
Mary Kingsley 
Travels in West Africa 
David Livingstone (3 books, 3.3 Mbytes) 
How I Found Livingstone by Henry Stanley 
Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa 
A Popular Account of Dr. Livingstone's Expedition to the Zambesi and its Tributaries and the Discovery of Lakes Shirwa and Nyassa 1858-1864 
Sir Douglas Mawson 
The Home of the Blizzard (about Australian expedition to Antarctica 1911-1914) 
Mungo Park 
Travels in the Interior of Africa 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
John Patteson 
The Life of John Coleridge Patteson, Missionary Bishop of the Melanesian Islands by Charlotte Yonge 
Sir Walter Raleigh (1 book, 200 Kbytes) 
The Discovery of Guiana 
Scott 
The Voyages of Captian Scott by Charles Turley 
Ernest Thompson Seton 
The Arctic Prairies: a Canoe Journey 
Ernest Shackleton (1 book, 800 Kbytes) 
South: the Story of Shackleton's Last Expedition 1914-1917 
John Hanning Speke (1 book, 1.1 Mbytes) 
The Discovery of the Source of the Nile 
Walter Traprock (1 book, 140 Kbytes) 
The Cruise of the Kawa -- Wanderings in the South Seas 
H. Wilfrid Walker (1 book, 300 Kbytes) 
Wanderings Among South Sea Savages And in Borneo and the Philippines 
French History
Crusades (1 book, 290 Kbytes) 
Chronicle of the Fourth Crusade by Geoffrey de Villehardouin 
Joan of Arc (3 books, 1.4 Mbytes) 
Jeanne d'Arc: Her Life and Death by Mrs. Oliphant 
Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc by Mark Twain 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Ancien Regime (52 books, 7.5 Mbytes) 
Ancien Regime, lectures by Charles Kingsley 
Memoirs of Marguerite de Vaolis, Queen of Navarre, Written by Herself, Being Historic Memoirs of the Courts of France and Navarre (3 volumes in one file) 
Memoirs of Jean Francois Paul de Gondi, Cardinal de Retz, Written by Himself, Being Historic Court Memoirs of the Great Events during the Minority of Louis XIV. and the Administration of Cardinal Mazarin. (4 volumes in one file) 
Memoirs of Madame La Marquise de Montespan Written by Herself, Being the Historic Memoirs of the Court of Louis XIV (7 volumes in one file) 
Memoirs of the Court of Louis XIV and of the Regency, Being the Secret Memoirs of the Mother of the Regent, Madame Elizabeth-Charlotte of Bavaria, Duchesse d'Orleans (4 volumes in one file) 
Memoirs of Louis XIV and His Court and of the Regency by the Duck of Saint-Simon (15 volumes in one file) 
Memoirs of Louis XV and XVI Being Secret Memoirs of Madame du Hausset,  Lady's Maid to Madame 
de Pompadour, and of an unknown English Girl and the Princess Lamballe (7 volumes in one file) 
Memoirs of Marie Antoinette by Madame Campan, first lady in waiting to the queen (7 volumes in one file) 
Origins of Contemporary France, Volume 1, The Ancient Regime by Hippolyte Taine 
Book 1 
Book 2 
Book 3 
Book 4 
Book 5 
French Revolution (14 books, 5 Mbytes) 
The French Revolution by Thomas Carlyle 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Origins of Contemporary France, Volume 2, The French Revolution Volume 1 by Hippolyte Taine 
Book 1 
Book 2 
Book 3 
Origins of Contemporary France, Volume 3, The French Revolution Volume 2 by Hippolyte Taine 
Book 1 
Book 2 
Book 3 
Origins of Contemporary France, Volume 4, The French Revolution Volume 3 by Hippolyte Taine 
Book 1 
Book 2 
Book 3 
Book 4 
Book 5 
Napoleon 
Memoirs of Court of St. Cloud by Stewarton (7 volumes in one file) 
The Memoirs of Napoleon Bonaparte by Louis Antoine Fauvelet de Bourrienne, his private secretary, edited by R.W. Phipps (16 volumes, 2.8 Mbytes, in a single file) 
Napoleon Bonaparte by John Abbott 
Recollections of the Private Life of Napoleon by Constant, Premier Valet de Chambre, translated by Walter Clark (12 volumes, 1.7 Mbytes in a single file) 
Origins of Contemporary France, Volume 5, The Modern Regime/Napoleon Volume 1 by Hippolyte Taine 
Book 1 
Book 2 
Book 3 
Book 4 
Book 5 
Book 6 
19th Century 
Fiat Money Inflation in France by Andrew Dickinson White 
In the Courts of Memory 1858-1875 from Contemporary Letters by L. De Hegermann-Lindencrone 
Memoirs of Prince de Joinville (translated by Lady Mary Cord) 
General 
World's Best Histories: France by M. Guizot and Madame Guizot de Witt 
German History
The Story of Siegfried by James Baldwin 
History of Friedrich II of Prussia by Thomas Carlyle 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
Volume 5 
Volume 6 
Volume 7 
Volume 8 
Volume 9 
Volume 10 
Volume 11 
Volume 12 
Volume 13 
Volume 14 
Volume 15 
Volume 16 
Volume 17 
Volume 18 
Volume 19 
Volume 20 
Volume 21 
Appendix 
History of the Thirty Years' War, Volume 1 by Friedrich Schiller 
Life and Adventures of Baron Trenck by Baron Trenck (circa Friedrich II) 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Secrets of the German War Office by Armgaard Graves 
Greek (modern)
A Smaller History of Greece by William Smith 
Icelandic
An Icelandic Primer by Henry Sweet (.pdf file) 
Visit to Iceland and the Scandinavian North by Madame Ida Pfeiffer 
Indian History
A Record of Buddhistic Kingdoms, Being an Account by the Chinese Monk Fa-Hien of his Travels in India and Ceylon (A.D. 399-414) in Search of the Buddhist Books of Discipline 
A Forgotten Empire: Vijayanagar; A Contribution to the History of India by Robert Sewell 
The Fall of the Moghul Empire of Hindustan, by H. G. Keene 
From the Caves and Jungles of Hindostan by Helena Blavatsky 
Indian Frontier Policy by General Sir John Adye 
History of Israel
Josephus 
Against Apion 
Antiquities of the Jews 
Part 1 
Part 2 
Part 3 
Part 4 
Part 5 
Part 6 
Part 7 
Extract from the Greeks Concerning Hades (short) 
Life of Flavius Josephus 
Wars of the Jews 
Part 1 
Part 2 
Part 3 
Part 4 
Part 5 
Part 6 
Part 7 
Legends of the Jews by Louis Ginzberg, translated from German by Henrietta Szold (2 books) 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Prolegomena to the History of Israel by Julius Wellhausen, translated from German by J. Sutherland Black and Allan Menzies 
Italian History
Autobiography of Benevenuto Cellini 
The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy by Jacob Burckhardt 
Giordano Bruno by Walter Pater (short) 
Knights of the Arts: Stories of the Italian Painters by Amy Steedman 
Life of Cesare Borgia by Rafael Sabatini 
Niccolo Machiavelli 
Description of the Methods Adopted by the Duke Valentino when Murdering Vitellozzo Vitelli, Oliverotto da Fermo, the Signor Pagolo, and the Duke di Gravina Orsini (short) 
The History of Florence 
Life of Castruccio Castracani of Luccai (short) 
Japanese
The Book of Tea by Kakuzo Okakura 
Constitution of Japan 1889 (short) 
Constitution of Japan 1946 (short) 
Japan: an Attempt at Interpretation by Lafadio Hearn 
Kwaidan by Lafcadio Hearn 
Noto, an Unexplored Corner of Japan by Percival Lowell 
Latin American History
Christopher Columbus by Filson Young 
Christopher Columbus by Mildred Stapley 
History of the Conquest of Peru by William Prescott 
Vanished Arcadia: Being Some Account of the Jesuits in Paraguay 1607 to 1767 by R.B. Cunninghame Graham 
Tramping Through Mexico, Guatemala, and Honduras by Harry Franck 
History of the Netherlands
John Lothrop Motley 
Rise of the Dutch Republic 1555-66 (10 volumes in one file) 
Rise of the Dutch Republic 1566-74 (11 volumes in one file) 
Rise of the Dutch Republic 1574-84 (11 volumes in one file) 
History of the United Netherlands 1584-86 (10 volumes in one file) 
History of the United Netherlands 1586-89 (11 volumes in one file) 
History of the United Netherlands 1590-99 (11 volumes in one file) 
History of the United Netherlands 1600-1609 (11 volumes in one file) 
The Life of John of Barneveld 1609-1615 
The Life of John of Barneveld 1614-1623 
History of the Revolt of the Netherlands by Frederick Schiller 
Norwegian History
The Early Kings of Norway by Thomas Carlyle 
Heimskringla or The Chronicle of the Kings of Norway by Snorri Sturlson (c.1179-1241) 
Philippine History
The Bontoc Igorot [in the Philippines] by Albert Ernest Jenks 
History of the Philippine Islands, volumes 1 and 2, by Antonio Morga 
Lineage, Life, and Labors of Jose Rizal, Philippine Patriot by Austin Craig 
A Study in Tinguian Folklore by Fay-Cooper Cole 
Wanderings Among South Sea Savages And in Borneo and the Philippines  by H. Wilfrid Walker 
Russian History
The Crisis in Russia by Arthur Ransome 
The Discovery of Muscovy by Richard Hakluyt 
From October to Brest-Litovsk by Leon Trotsky 
Russia by Donald MacKenzie Wallace 
Russia in 1919 by Arthur Ransome 
South African History (see also Exploration)
The Great Boer War by Arthur Conan Doyle 
Native Life in South Africa by Solomon Tshekisho Plaatje 
Spanish History
Christopher Columbus by Mildred Stapley 
Christopher Columbus by Filson Young 
History of the Reign of Ferdinand and Isabella by William Prescott 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
History of the Conquest of Peru by William Prescott 
US History
Colonial period 
Christopher Columbus by Mildred Stapley 
Christopher Columbus by Filson Young 
The Voyage of the Verazzano by Henry Murphy 
A Briefe and True Report of the New Found Land of Virginia by Thomas Hariot 
European Background of American History 1300-1600 by Edward Potts Cheyney 
The Mayflower Compact 1620 (short) 
Fundamental Orders of 1639 (short) 
The Whole History of Grandfather's Chair or True Stories form New England History 1620-1808 by Nathaniel Hawthorne 
The Mayflower and Her Log, July 15, 1620 - May 6, 1621, Chiefly from Original Sources, by Azel Ames 
Narrative of New Netherland ed. by J.F. Jameson 
Original Narratives of Early American History 
Pioneers of France in the New World by Francis Parkman 
Pioneers of the Old South by Mary Johnston 
First Thanksgiving Proclamation 1676 (short) 
The Conquest of the Old Southwest: The Romantic Story of the Early Pioneers into Virginia, The Carolinas, Tennessee, and Kentucky 1740-1790, by Archibald Henderson 
A Half-Century of Conflict, volume 2, by Francis Parkman 
The Jesuits in North America in the 17th Century by Francis Parkman 
 
Revolution 
Adventures of Colonel Daniel Boone by John Filson (short) 
Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin 
Diary and Letters of Madame d'Arblay volume 1, 1778-1787 
The Emancipation of Massachusetts by Brooks Adams 
James Otis the Pre-Revolutionist by John Clark Ridpath 
The Life of Francis Marion by W. Gilmore Simms 
The Life of General Francis Marion by Mason Locke Weems 
Sketch of the Life of General Francis Marion by William Dobein James 
Speech on Conciliation with America by Edmund Burke 
Thomas Paine 
The Age of Reason 
The American Crisis 
Common Sense 
The Rights of Man 
Original Writings of Samuel Adams 
Volume 2 of 4 
Volume 3 of 4 
Volume 4 of 4 
George Washington 
The Life of George Washington, Volume 1, by Washington Irving 
 
Early Republic 

The American Republic by O.A. Brownson 
American Pioneers and Patriots: David Crockett: His Life and Adventures by John Abbott 
Autobiography of Ma-ka-tai-me-she-kia-kiak or Black Hawk by Black Hawk (re: Black Hawk War of 1832) 
Democracy in America by Alexis de Tocqueville 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
The Federalist Papers 
The Death of the Federalist Party by Richard Seltzer 
Formation of the Union 1750-1829 by Albert Hart 
Jefferson 
Autobiography of Thomas Jefferson 
Jefferson and His Colleagues, a Chronicle of the Virginia Dynasty by Allen Johnson 
Thomas Jefferson by Edward S. Ellis 
The Life and Adventures of Major Roger Sherman Potter by Pheleg van Trusedale 
The Life of George Washington, Volume 1, by Washington Irving 
Log-Cabin Lady by anonymous 
John Marshall And The Constitution, A Chronicle Of The Supreme Court by Edward S. Corwin 
Minnesota and Dacotah: in letters descriptive of a tour through the northwest in the autumn of 1856 by C.C. Andrews 
On Nullification and the Force Bill, speech by John C. Calhoun, February 15, 1833 (short) 
On the Expunging Resolution, speech by Thomas Hart Benton, January 12, 1837 (short) 
On the Expunging Resolutions, speech by Henry Clay, January 16, 1837 (short) 
Orations by John Quincy Adams 
Rise of the New West, 1819-1829 by Frederick Jackson Turner 
On the Seminole War, speech by Henry Clay, January 19, 1819 (short) 
The Journals of Lewis and Clark 
The Oregon Trail by Francis Parkman 
The Star-Spangeled Banner by John Carpenter (short) 
Webster's March 7 Speech and Secession (1850) 
 
Civil War 
Lincoln 
Abraham Lincoln by James Russell Lowell (short) 
The Boys' Life of Abraham Lincoln by Helen Nicolay 
The Life of Stephen A. Douglas by William Gardner 
Life of Abraham Lincoln by Henry Ketcham 
Lincoln; An Account of His Personal Life, Especially of Its Springs of Action as Revealed and Deepened by the Ordeal of War by Nathaniel Wright Stephenson 
Lincoln's Yarns and Stories: A Complete Collection of the Funny and Witty Anecdotes that made Abraham Lincoln Famous as America's Greatest Story Teller, With Introduction and Anecdotes By Colonel Alexander K. McClure 
Our American Cousin, a drama, in 3 acts, by Tom Taylor. Abraham Lincoln was watching this play when he was assassinated. 
(Act III, halfway through Scene 2.) 
Writings of Abraham Lincoln 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
Volume 5 
Volume 6 
Volume 7 
Andersonville: a Story of Rebel Military Prisons by John McElroy 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
The Army of the Cumberland by Henry Cist 
The Campaign of Chancellorsville by Theodore Dodge 
Captains of the Civil War: a Chronicle of the Blue and the Gray by William Wood 
Memoirs of General William T. Sherman 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
The Great Conspiracy, a History of the Civil War by John Logan 
Military Reminiscences of the Civil War by Jacob Cox 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
The Contest in America (short) John Stuart Mill 
The Life, Crime, and Capture of John Wilkes Booth by George Alfred Townsend 
On the Trail of Grant and Lee by Frederick Trevor Hill 
Personal Memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Personal Memoirs of Philip Henry Sheridan 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Recollections and Letters of General Robert E. Lee by his son Captain Robert E. Lee 
Speeches of the Honorable Jefferson Davis 1858 
After Civil War 
The Agrarian Crusade by Solon J. Buck 
America Through the Spectacles of an Oriental Diplomat by Wu Tingfang 
Editorials from the Hearst Newspapers by Arthur Brisbane 
The Education of Henry Adams by Henry Adams 
Four Months in a Sneak-Box: a Boat Voyage Down the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers 1874-75 by Nathaniel Bishop 
The Gatlings at Santiago by John Parker 
History of the Impeachment of Andrew Johnson by Edmund G. Ross 
History of the Donner Party by C.F. McGlashan 
How Members of Congress are Bribed. An Open Letter. A Protest and a Petition. From a Citizen of California to the United States Congress 
by Joseph H. Moore. (short) 
Letters to His Children by Theodore Roosevelt 
Memoir of the Proposed Territory of Arizona by Sylvester Mowry 
My Memories of 80 Years by Chauncey Depew 
Observations of a Retired Veteran by Henry Tinsley 
On Being Human (short) by Woodrow Wilson 
Our War with Spain for Cuba's Freedom by T. White 
Phineas T. Barnum by Joel Benton 
The Progressive Democracy of James M. Cox by Charles Morris 
The Sequel to Appomatox: a Chronicle of the Reunion of the States by Walter Lynwood Fleming 
Theodore Roosevelt by Edmund Lester Pearson 
Theodore Roosevelt: an Intimate Biography by William Thayer 
Thiry-one Years on the Plains and in the Mountains by William F. Drannan 
When a Man Comes to Himself (short) by Woodrow Wilson 
Woman on the American Frontier by William Fowler 
Native American 
Aboriginal America  by Jacob Abbott 
Algonquin Legends of New England by Charles Leland 
Autobiography of Ma-ka-tai-me-she-kia-kiak or Black Hawk by Black Hawk (re: Black Hawk War of 1832) 
Constitution of the Iroquois Nations (short) 
About the Iroquois Constitution (short) 
Indian Games, an historical research by Andrew Davis 
Introduction to the Mortuary Customs of North Americna Indians 
Myths and Legends of California and the Old Southwest by Katharine Berry Judson 
Myths and Legends of the Sioux by Marie L. McLaughlin 
Old Indian Legends, by Zitkala-Sa 
The Problem of Ohio Mounds Cyrus Thomas 
Sequoyah (from Harper's New Monthly) (short) 
Treatise on the Six-Nation Indians by James Bovell MacKenzie 
Black History 
Army Life of a Black Regiment by Thomas Higginson 
The Black Experience in America by Norman Coombs 
The Future of the Colored Race in America by William Aikman (written during the Civil War) (short) 
Frederick Douglass 
My Bondage and My Freedom 
My Escape from Slavery (short) 
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass 
Reconstruction 
The Conservation of Races (short) by W.E.B. Du Bois 
The Souls of Black Folk by W.E.B. Du Bois 
 
Historical Documents (all short, except Inaugural Addresses, State of the Union Speeches, and Roosevelt's Fireside Chat, which are book-length) 
Revolution 
Charlotte Town Resolves 1775 
Declaration of the Causes and Necessity of Taking Up Arms 1775 
Declaration of Independence 1776 
Virginia Declaration of Rights 1776 
Declaration and Resolves of First Continental Congress 1777 
Paris Peace Treaty 1783 
Articles of Confederation 
Annapolis Convention 1786 
Articles of Confederation 
Northwest Ordinance 1787 
Constitution 
Letter Transmitting the Constitution 1787 
Constitution 1787 
Bill of Rights 
Amendments to the Constitution 
Early Republic 
Proclamation of Neutrality 1793 
Treaty of Greenville 1795 
Washington's Farewell Address 1796 
The Monroe Doctrine 1823 
Civil War 
The Emancipation Proclamation 1862 
Lincoln's Gettysburg Address 1863 
After the Civil War 
First Open Door Note 1899 
World War II 
Atlantic Charter 1941 
Cairo Conference 1943 
Casablanca Conference 1943 
Combat Chronology of US Army Air Forces 
December 1942 
January 1943 
February 1943 
March 1943 
April 1943 
Declaration of War on Germany 1941 
Declaration of War on Japan 1941 
Documents Relevant to France's Response to Germany's Invasion of Poland 1939 
Documents Relevant to Germany's Invasion of Poland 1939 
Documents Relevant to Great Britain's Response to Germany's Invasion of Poland 1939 
Documents Relevant to the Alliance of German, Japan, and Italy 
Documents Relevant to the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor 1941 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt's Fireside Chats 
Four Freedoms Speech, January 1941 
German Surrender Documents 1945 
Hemispheric Defense 1940 
Japanese Surrender Documents 1945 
Lend Lease Act 1941 
Moscow Conference 1943 
Neutrality Act of 1937 
Neutrality Act of 1939 
Soviet-Japanese Neutrality 
Speech to Congress Regarding the Bombing of Pearl Harbor 
Statement on North African Policy 1942 
Yalta Conference 1945 
After World War II 
U2 Incident 1960 
Viet Nam War 
Statement of Viet Nam Veterans Against the War 1971 
Tonkin Gulf Incident 1964 
Two Letters to Ngo Dinh Diem 1954 1961 
White Paper on Viet Nam 1965 
General 
Inaugural Address of George W. Bush 2001 
Inaugural Addresses of U.S. Presidents from Washington to Clinton 1789-1997 (book length) 
State of the Union Speeches 1790-2002 
Special Topics 
California 
California 1849-1913 by L. H. Woolley 
California's 1909 Legislature by Franklin Hichborn 
California and Californians by David Starr Jordan (short) 
California Romantic and Resourceful by John Davis 
The Famous Missions of California by William Henry Hudson 
Legends of San Francisco by George Caldwell 
Starr King in California by William Simmonds 
San Francisco 
The City that Was: a Requiem of Old San Francisco by Will Irwin (short) 
The March of Portola and hte Discovery of the Bay of San Francisco by Zoeth Eldredge 
Palaces and Courts of the Exposition [in San Francisco] by Juliet James 
San Francisco During the Eventful Days of April, 1906 by James Stetson (short) 
A Sketch of the Causes, Operations, and Results of the San Francisco Vigilance Committee of 1856 (short) by Sephen Webb 
Some Cities and San Francisco and Resurgam by Hubert Howe Bancroft (short) 
The Vigilance Committee [of San Francisco] of '56 by James O'Meara 
Vignettes of San Francisco by Almira Bailey 
Army Letters from an Officer's Wife by Frances Roe 
Civil Government for Common Schools (New York State) by Henry Northam 
Civil Government of Virginia by William Fox 
Community Civics and Rural Life by Arthur Dunn 
An Essay on the American Contribution to the Democratic Idea by Winston Churchill (American cousin of Sir Winston Churchill) 
Fires and Firemen by anonymous, from the Eclectic Magazine of Foreign Literature, Science, and Art 1855 
Great Riots of New York 1712 to 1873 by J. T. Headley 
Hero Tales from American History by Henry Cabot Lodge and Theodore Roosevelt 
Myths and Legends of Our Own Land by Charles Skinner 
School History of North Carolina by John Moore 
The Old Merchant Marine, a Chronicle of American Ships and Sailors by Ralph Paine 
A Parody Outline of History, Wherein may be found a curiously irreverent treatment of American Historical Events, Imagining them as they would be narrated by American's most characteristic contemporary authors, by Donald Stewart 
The True Citizen: How to Become One by W.F. Markewick and W.A. Smith 
General 
Canada and the States by E.W. Watking 
The United States of America, part 1 by Edwin Sparks 
A Brief History of the United States by Barnes and Company 
A Brief History of the United States by John Bach McMaster 
History of the United States form 1492-1910, Volume 1, by Julian Hawthorne 
World History, including the First World War
At Sulva Bay, being the notes and sketches of scenes, characters and adventures of the Dardanelles Campaign, made by John Hargrave, while serving with the 32nd Field Ambulance, X Division, Mediterranean Expeditionary Force, during the Great War 
Beacon Lights of History 
Volume 3 Part 1 -- The Middle Ages 
Volume 3 Part 2 -- Renaissance and Reformation 
The Coming of the Friars [about Medieval times] by Augustus Jessopp 
Defenders of Democracy by the Militia of Mercy 
The Expansion of Europe: the Culmination of Modern History by Ramsay Muir 
Famous Affinities of History: the Romance of Devotion by Lyndon Orr 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
Famous Men of the Middle Ages by John Haaren and A.B. Poland 
The Fifteen Decisive Battles of The World From Marathon to Waterloo, by Sir Edward Creasy 
General History for Colleges and High Schools by P.V.N. Meyers 
Heroes and Hero Worship by Thomas Carlyle 
Historical Lectures and Essays by Charles Kingsley 
History of Modern Europe 1792-1878 by C.A. Fyffe 
A History of The Nations and Empires Involved and a Study of the Events Culminating in The Great Conflict [First World War] by Logan Marshall 
The Idea of Progress: an Inquiry into its Origins and Growth by J.B. Bury 
Little Journeys to the Homes of Great Reformers, volume 9 by Elbert Hubbard 
Medieval Europe by H.W.C. Davis 
Medieval Lore from Bartholomew Anglicus by Robert Steele 
A Political and Social History of Modern Europe 1500-1815, volume 1 by Carlton Hayes 
The Ruins or Meditation on the Revolutions of Empires and the Law of Nature by C.F. Volney 
Song and Legend from the Middle Ages by William and Porter McClintock 
Tales of War [WW1] by Lord Dunsany 
A Traveller in War-Time [WW1] Winston Churchill (American cousin of Sir Winston Churchill) 
Who Was Who: 5000 BC to 1914 edited by Irwin Gordon 
