Artist: Various
Title: Circles Of Hell - Second Circle - Dis
Release Date: July 12th, 2008
Catalog: SERFREE003
Mastering: Extreme Forces
Cover Artwork: Melan Wastage & Somadelic
Release Text: Axis Mundi

01 | Motorbrain - Boom Voyage
02 | Agressive Mood - Nice For Killing
03 | Cyko - Volatile Nebula
04 | Corrosive Brain - Pain Inside
05 | Drakphaser - Micro Pointus
06 | Mergel - Date To Death
07 | Krono Psy Vs. Playtek - Kill The Motherfuckers
08 | Terminologista - Secret Therapy
09 | TMN - It´s Worth To Cry
10 | Stitch Vs Ickis Vs Psy Horror Noise - Smells Of The Fear

German darkpsy collective Scared Evil Records serves up its second installment of a 9-album series of free net releases called "Circles of Hell". Sleeplessly industrious, these ten projects from all corners of the world come together to produce a deeper tour into the further depths of dark psychedelic trance. With a variety of styles and tempos encompassing the breadth of the subgenre, "Dis" is an underworld city populated by digital demons and ghosts in the machines. Connoiseurs of the harder, edgier side of the psy-trance spectrum can expect plenty of mind-tearing, foot-loosening, sense-crushing frequencies without a moment of disappointment, and every track is a product of its creators' feverish, selfless desires to spread sinister sounds for the global comminuty to freely enjoy.


Motorbrain - Boom Voyage
Starting us off on the second spiral downwards is Boom Voyage by Motorbrain. A no-nonsense intro launches us straight into chunky bassbeats, glassy effects and sputtering, steamy lead riffs. Intriguing atmospheres imported from alien worlds curtain the soundstage as the layers weave into a tighter tapestry of synapse-stretching psychedelia. Powered guitar riffs and evolving foreground stabs build drive and tension throughout the progression.


Agressive Mood - Nice For Killing
Diesel-powered bass chugs along to an uptempo drum section in this piece. Prepare yourself quickly for relentless inundations of flanged soundscapes and mind-tearing synth leads. It isn't long before these sounds bloom into full force cacophany. Tempo-twisting breakdowns add intensity and freshness which unwind your mind and freshen up your feet. Changes in bass undercurrents alter the fluid tides of sound in new directions which tug you along to new points of sonic depravity.


Cyko - Volatile Nebula
This track opens up with sinister malevolence. Building up from dark minimalism and marching-band style percussion into elastic layers of mid-range riffs, this track contains the srots of sounds fit for dark inddor corners and outdoorsy goodness that contain sincere distance carrying potential. Subtle tempo work accelerates the pace of progression to the tune of excellent atmospheric placement. Definite mood changes imply feelings of movement and direction.


Corrosive Brain - Pain Inside
Glitch-tastic leads chirp and peck away in alien avian arrays of high-frequency depravity. This jungle of sound arrangement gives genuine feelings of otherworldly ecosystems and offer excellent balance of staccato sound bites, retro computer calculations, and mechanical machinations gone horribly awry. Altogether, these aounds amount to an ego autopsy during an earthquake, flaying your psyche open as your body quivers and vibrates on the dancefloor.


Drakphaser - Micro Pointus
Drakphaser's newest creation follows. Immediately noticeable is a bass which swings left and right as much as it pushes forward. Masterful placement of vox modulations, trashy, distorted rhythms, and resonant squirts and squelches spell out highly psychedelic drive and progression. Every moment contains something to feast your neurons upon, with plenty of change-ups and rearrangements which keep you on your toes from start to finish.


Mergel - Date to Death
Brain-tickling liquid dribblings derive order from chaos. Steamrolling bassbeats quickly overwhelm the cerebrum and give your feet plenty to do in the meantime. Mergel's use of breakbeat interludes certainly add unexpectedness at just the moment when the pattern progressions require. The highhats sound natural, and the effects and external sample usage are tasteful and appropriate. All in all a perfect blend of hair-raising tension and conflict between the familiar and the inimical.


Krono Psy Vs Playtek - Kill The Motherfucker
This horror house of a track features pulsating bass which chugs along. its up-down motion coupled with side-sweeping synths and high hats give you all the inspiration your body needs to sweat its acids out into the dance theater. Intricate use of panorama and hinterground noises add spaciousness and dimension for the sinister foreground leads to fill. All of this adds up to a peaktime arrangement of dark psychedelia that grips you with sonic talons and refuses to let go.


Terminologista - Secret Therapy
This wall-of-sound style of trance is as subtle as a comic superhero with inverted ideals. Cyclical leads take you on a corkscrew ride around an ego-pummeling bassbeat with the drive of a monster trick and the energy of an atom smasher. Indeed, this ego-pummeling rollercoaster is a sure-fire crowd pleaser for those who perfer their trance hard, fast and dirty. Common thematic sounds are the glue that gives your mind a handhold as you are tigged through screaming synth chaos.


TMN - It's Worth To Cry
This innovative intro provides an interesting dynamic contrast in a genre-breaking display of musical statement. Don't be mislead, though. This track takes an unexpected and inevitable turn straight towards the heart of dark psychedelia. The atmosphere is outstanding and the tension builds up into a snapping point like a wet towel twisted into an ego whip. Leads cut and sever neural ties with the precision and care of a rusty scalpel, and the background pads piggy-back your brain.


Stitch Vs Ickis Vs Psy Horror Noise - Smells of the Fear
Closing this circle is a three way collaborative amalgam. This finale contains all of the force and drive of its playlist predecessors. Dissonant synth strings, growling voice works and oscillating resonant frequencies paint a sonic picture of harsh alien amazon environs. This brutal clash of styles offers a variety of percussion, etherealism and menacing low frequency undercurrents to lose yourself in. Panoramic glitchwork and beat contortions are the icing on this psychedelic sundae.
