IMDb URL: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0316763/

\"Thunderstruck\"

Plot:

The time is 1991. The location is Sydney. The event is AC/DC\\\'s Razor Edge Tour. And in the thick of the mosh pit are five boys: Sonny, Ben, Lloyd, Sam and Ronnie, having a pearler of a time. When the concert concludes, the boys head on up to the VIP room...and are promptly thrown out. They then proceed out the back alleyway and by sheer chance, owing to a poster of former AC/DC member Bon Scott, the boys escape a near-death experience. Thinking Bon is sending them a message, they sign a contract which says the first to die will be buried by the other four next to Bon in Fremantle Cemetery. Twelve years on, the boys have gone their separate ways. Sonny is a stay-at-home without a job, Sam has been passed between several jobs, Lloyd is into unsavoury activities involving drugs, Ben is a supermarket worker, and Ronnie - perhaps the only successful one - is a jingle creator. Pity his wife Molly is divorcing him but she\\\'s only interested in herself and her music. Some of the boys keep in touch, others don\\\'t. Sonny and Lloyd have been more reclusive than the others. But abruptly, a bolt of lightning - an ironic shadow of the last song they heard at the concert - changes everything. One of them ends up as a few ashes inside an urn and a Chinese food container, and the other four are thrown into the mix together to get the ashes to the other side of the country. Along the way they deal with creepy petrol station owners, irate disabled people, the epitome of Aussie bogans, and each other, in a bizarre road trip film that will leave you in stitches

Cast:

Damon Gameau	 ...	Sonny
Stephen Curry	 ...	Ben
Ryan Johnson	 ...	Lloyd
Callan Mulvey	 ...	Sam
Sam Worthington	 ...	Ronnie
Kestie Morassi	 ...	Amy
Rachel Gordon	 ...	Molly
Vito de Francesco...	Head Chef
John Merkel	 ...	Rob Wallace
Jennifer Wall	 ...	Twister Woman

Year: 2004
Colour: Colour
Country: Australia
Run Time: 98 mins
Language: English

Enjoy!!!!!! Please Seed!!!!!

Knikers87
