An overnight drug shipment is sent to the wrong recipient, prompting a frantic race to recover the package before the contents are revealed in this fast-paced crime comedy starring Donald Faison, Mos Def, and Mike Epps. When Brody (Epps) and Guch (Wood Harris) receive a package containing ten kilos of grade-A cocaine, they assume their financial woes are a thing of the past. The package was intended for their next-door neighbors, but the whacked-out courier (Donald Faison) delivered it to the wrong address. Recognizing the possibility for profit, Brody and Guch plan to sell the cocaine to Brody's drug-dealing cousin (Omari Hardwick). Meanwhile Jesus (Cisco Reyes) and his girlfriend, Chita (Yasmin Deliz), the intended recipients of the cocaine, set out to procure the package before notorious drug lord Bodego Diablo (Emilio Rivera) realizes it's gone missing. But Bodega is no slouch; he already knows the shipment was botched, and he's determined to get his drugs back no matter what the cost. Later, as Brody and Guch prepare to seal the deal that will set them up for life, the guns are drawn and the chaos begins. ~ Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide

Warning:  This product is intended for mature audiences only. It may contain violence, sexual content, drug abuse and/or strong language. You must be 17 or older to purchase it. By ordering this item you are certifying that you are at least 17 years of age.


Theatrical Feature Running Time: 84 mins 
Complete Cast:
Donald Faison - Leo Jackson
Darius McCrary - Buddy
Wood Harris - Guch
Omari Hardwick - Shavoo
Cisco Reyes - Jesus
Debbie Allen - Ms. Jackson
Lobo Sebastian - Rhino
Lombardo Boyar - Carlos
Shawn Michael Howard - Derrick
Inny Clemons - Deuce
Kevin Benton - Old Man #2
Christina Ly - Kera's Friend
Barry "Cassidy" Reese - Cassidy
Luis Martinez - Louie
Mike Epps - Brody
Mos Def - Eric
Yasmin Deliz - Chita
Emilio Rivera - Bodega
Lauren London - Ivy
Joe D. Jonz - Wade
Julia Vera - Mama
Malik Barnhardt - Hassie
Peedi Crakk - Hector
Sundy Carter - On Scene News Reporter
Shannen "Lacey" Franklin - Kera
Alexandra Merejo - Shavoo's Girl
Madison Shockley - Old Man #1


Director(s):Benny Boom
Writer(s):Blair Cobb
Producer(s):Inny Clemons, Scott Aronson, Bryan Turner
Theatrical MPAA Rating: R(Drug Content, Mild Violence, Sexual Situations, Profanity)
Categories:Comedy

Format: DVD
Release Date: 09/15/2009
MPAA Rating: R
Running Time: 84 min
Number of Discs: 1
Language: Eng/Spa
SubTitles: Eng/Spa

BLockbuster info link: 
http://www.blockbuster.com/browse/catalog/movieDetails/420494

Enjoy and Seed!

This is an EvilTSAngel Original DVDRip!

Original Menu's Included!