

                                Adobe Photoshop Elements 8.0 Multilingual



Adobe Photoshop Elements 8 software combines power and simplicity so you can make your photos look extraordinary, share your life stories in unique print creations and web experiences, and easily manage and protect all your photos and video clips.

Organize
 Easily find, view, and protect your photos and video clips in a powerful and convenient media management hub.
NEW Take advantage of automatic analysis to quickly find your most interesting, highest quality photos and footage. 
NEW Quickly find photos of friends and family with automatic People Recognition.
 
Edit 
 Make all your photos look extraordinary with powerful yet easy-to-use editing options.
NEW Quickly recompose your photos to any size, without distorting key subjects. 
NEW Automatically create perfectly lit shots that show every detail. 
NEW Preview a range of adjustments so you can quickly choose your favorite.
 
Create
 Make all your photos look extraordinary with powerful yet easy-to-use editing options.
NEW Create unique, personalized photo books, scrapbook pages, greeting cards, slide shows, and more. 

Share and Store 
Safeguard your memories with automatic online backup with 2GB of free storage (enough for approximately 1500 photos3) and access your media virtually anywhere you are

Perfect lighting is a snap
Automatically create perfectly lit shots that show every detail using new Photomerge® capabilities — just one of the many great new editing options in Photoshop Elements 8

The ultimate media management hub is here
Easily bring all your photos and video clips together in one convenient place, and then dive in to a full range of creative activities and share virtually everywhere

                                http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshopelwin/

Installation
Burn or Mount cr-pes80.iso
Run Setup.exe
When ask generate key with keygen.exe inside core folder.
When you open up program a welcome screen will open.There is an option button up beside the close button
for start up options.
I created a free account.Looks like you get 2GB of storage space with your own URL.Welcome screen always opens but is an info screen of your account after you register.
Hit edit button to start program. There is an organize button in the menu bar to start that program. Upper right corner.


                                      !!!!!!!!!! ENJOY !!!!!!!!!!