Anime : Comedy : DVD quality : English
Format: Animated, Box set, Color, Dubbed, DVD, Subtitled, NTSC 
Language: English, Japanese 
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1 
Number of discs: 3
Studio: Viz Media 
DVD Release Date: August 7, 2007 
Run Time: 350 minutes 

The second season of Naruto continues as the next phase of the Chunin exams begins: individual combat among the surviving candidates. Kakashi-sensei seals the curse mark Orochimaru set on Sasuke's neck, but its effect on the talented young ninja remains uncertain. Naruto beats his opponent using decidedly unconventional means: only everyone's favorite knucklehead could turn an attack of flatulence into a jutsu. As the matches progress, the focus shifts from Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura to the secondary characters Hinata and Rock Lee. The offspring of a great ninja clan, Hinata seems too timid to live up to the family tradition of violence, but she fights valiantly against her cousin Neiji. Rock Lee has no talent for the magical jutsu the other students employ, so he's trained himself mercilessly in physical techniques. He's pitted against Gara, the icy trainee who fights with clouds of enchanted sand. Lee and Hinata overtax their resources but demonstrate true ninja spirit--and win the respect of Naruto and Sakura. The struggles of the secondary characters add some emotional depth to the inevitably repetitious fight scenes. The season ends on multiple cliffhangers, with Lee and Sasuke in the hospital and Naruto beginning a grueling training regimen with a new sensei to prepare for the final Chunin combat. (Rated T+ Older Teen; suitable for ages 12 and older: violence, toilet humor) --Charles Solomon 

Volume 5 Sneak Preview. 


After barely making it out of the Forest of Death, Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura proceed to the next stage of the Chunin Exam: a one-on-one sudden death elimination battle! Pitted against each other in individual combat, an assortment of young, bright-eyed ninja reveal their true colors and brandish their hidden powers! Can Naruto beat the odds and prove to his fellow shinobi that he's good enough to be a chunin? 
