. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                                     
                                                               
                                                                    
                                                 
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                                
                                               
                                          
                                                
                                             
                                                     
                                                             
                                                     
                                             
                  Reverse Engineering Digital Team                     
                                                                       
                                                                   
                                             
                    PROUDLY                        
                     PRESENT                         
                                      
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                                   
                                                     
                                                               
                                                                   
                      Postbox (c) v1.1.2                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
   DATE......: 03/13/2010                                          
   SUPPLIER..: RED TEAM                                            
   CRACKER...: RED TEAM                                            
   PACKER....: RED TEAM                                            
   TYPE......: Crack                                               
   PROTECTION: Other                                               
   SIZE......: 03x.5.00MB                                          
   URL.......: http://postbox-inc.com/                             
                                                                   
                            
                                         
                             
                                                                   
                                                      
                                                      
                                          
                                    
                                                       
                                                     
                                                               
                                                                   
      A better way to work with email messages and content.        
                                                                   
     Postbox lets you spend less time managing messages and        
      more time getting things done. But what makes Postbox        
       really useful is the way it lets you find and reuse         
       all kinds of content hidden deep within your email.         
       After all, its your email... make the most of it!          
               Powerful Message and Content Search                 
                                                                   
                                  *                                
                                                                   
          Ultra Fast SearchView larger version of this image       
                                                                   
                           Ultra-Fast Search                       
                                                                   
                Postbox makes it easy to search for almost         
       anything across all of your email accounts. Use the         
     Search Panel to quickly search by message criteria, or        
          for the power user, use search operators such            
      "from:Mary" or "subject:vacation" directly within the        
     search box. Postbox even understands search terms such        
      as after "last Monday" or before "June 2009." And if         
      you want to find a specific word or a phrase, theres        
      a Text Preview mode that helps you zero in on exactly        
                    what you're looking for.                       
                                                                   
                                  *                                
                                                                   
             Image SearchView larger version of this image         
                                                                   
            Direct Access to Files, Images, Links and More         
                                                                   
               Use Postboxs Content Tabs to instantly find        
       attachments, images, links, and contacts  without          
      having to dig through messages to find what you need.        
      The Action Bar at the bottom of each search tab lets         
     you do useful things from your searches, like create a        
            new message from a document youve found.              
                                                                   
                                  *                                
                                                                   
           Compose SidebarView larger version of this image        
                                                                   
                   Search within the Compose Window                
                                                                   
                Get fast access to your email content when         
      you need it most - writing messages. A handy Compose         
      Sidebar lets you find attachments, images, and links         
      directly within a new message window, which makes it         
       easy to do things like resend project documents or          
      incriminating photos from the company party. No more         
     saving to the desktop, moving windows around, or other        
           tedious actions that take up valuable time.             
                                                                   
                                  *                                
                                                                   
            Contacts PanelView larger version of this image        
                                                                   
                            Find by Contact                        
                                                                   
                 Search for recent messages, attachments,          
      images or links from your email contacts. Within the         
         message header, click a contact to bring up the           
      Contacts Panel, then chose which recent content type         
         you would like to view from this person. Search           
      results will conveniently open in a new tab. You can         
         also search by contact from the Inspector Pane,           
      accessible via the blue tab on the right side of the         
                         message header.                           
                                                                   
                                  *                                
                                                                   
            Contacts PanelView larger version of this image        
                                                                   
                    Powerful Address Auto-Complete                 
                                                                   
                 The Addressing Widget will enable you to          
      search for contacts by either first name, last name,         
       or domain. Additionally, the Addressing Widget will         
        pull in any profile pictures it finds within the           
      address book, matches against your Facebook friends,         
         or the people you follow on Twitter (if you are           
      currently logged into those services within Postbox).        
                                                                   
                To pull in profile photos from Facebook or         
      Twitter, select Web Services... from the Tools menu,         
             and then enter your login credentials.                
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                
                                             
                                    
                                                                   
                                                      
                                                      
                                          
                                    
                                                       
                                                     
                                                               
                                                                   
                           1. read nfo                             
                            2. unpack                              
                           3. install                              
                         4. replace file                           
                 5. thank you for choosing RedT                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                    
                                             
                                            
                                                                   
                                                      
                                                      
                                          
                                    
                                                      
                                                     
                                                               
                      No News At The Moment                        
                                                                 
                  RedT is a closed group                     
                                                                   
                    Greetings To All Of You!                       
                                                                 
                                                      
                                                 
                                          
                                     
                       
                              
                
                  
                          
                      
                  
                      
                        
                                  
                                        
                                                  
                              
                                   
                                    
                                                    
                                                  
                                              
                                                      
                                                    
                                                         
                                                  
                                                  
                                  
                                                
                                                  
                                                       
                                                          
       ~2010                 VN!RcA