Bruce Springsteen-Working On A Dream BONUSDVD + CD (2009) [DVDR5][NTSC] By josvila
 
http://www.brucespringsteen.net/albums/workingonadream.html 
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001L5SXQG?ie=UTF8&tag=bspweb-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B001L5SXQG

DVD-5 + CD 
(Carpeta VIDEO TS 2,68 Gb) + (CD 1123 Mb (MP3@320kbps) 
Idioma: Inglés 
Audio: LPCM 2.0 
Formato: MPEG-2 NTSC 16:9
Duración. 00:36:15 
Subtitulos: No 
Carátulas: Si 

DVD
The DVD features a look behind the scenes at the making of Working On A Dream, roduced, directed, and edited by Emmy and Grammy-winner Thom Zimny. The documentary includes in-studio footage edited to the tracks of 'My Lucky Day', 'Queen Of The Supermarket', 'Kingdom Of Days', 'Working On A Dream', 'Life Itself', and 'The Last Carnival'. The film shows demos and early versions of the songs with Springsteen and the E Street Band at work from a genuine fly-on-the-wall point of view.


American hero Bruce Springsteen returns all guns blazing with his sixteenth studio album. His third record with the E Street Band since their reformation, Working On A Dream sees The Boss revisit his trademark brand of classic rock with an optimistic and bright collection of storytelling songs about love, strife, and the good life.

Since reuniting with the E Street Band in 1999, Bruce Springsteen has bought the dream line-up back into the studio to record two widely successful albums. As greatly received as 2002's The Rising and 2007's Magic were, they both came from painful places. The first acting as an effort to heal after 9/11, and the later a bitter Bush-era protest record. Heavy in substance, the albums, although highly engaging and entirely recommended, lacked the expansive romanticism that ignited early releases such as Born To Run. Comprised mostly of joyous roughed-up love songs, Working On A Dream, therefore comes as light relief. The album opens in grandiose style with 'Outlaw Pete'. At over eight minutes long, the track is an epic gun-slinging tale. Portraying subjects of redemption and inherent evil over galloping, twanging strings, the track is the only exception to the hopeful and romantic themes of the record. With raw, upbeat backing from the band, the spirit-filled 'My Lucky Day' brightens the ambience, sublimely setting the mood for the remainder of the album. Portraying a sense of ease, Springsteen's voice is warm and powerful on every track. It swells particularly on the delicate 'Queen Of The Supermarket' and rousing title track 'Working On A Dream', where blissfully climatic rushes invoke a passionate strain in The Boss' unmistakeable vocals. Musically, Bruce and the E Street Band are at the top of their game. With thunderous tempo changes and ferocious flourishes, the unit play with a youthful energy that fantastically compliments the wise truths of their leader's lyrics.

From its ballsy opener through to the end of its bonus track, the Golden Globe award-winning 'The Wrestler', Working On A Dream encapsulates the true sound of Bruce Springsteen at his best. Full of heart, passion, and vigour, this accomplished and pleasurable album will delight both those who are familiar and not with the great man's captivating heartland rock. 


Track List  
  
Outlaw Pete
My Lucky Day
Working On A Dream
Queen Of The Supermarket
What Love Can Do
This Life
Good Eye
Tomorrow Never Knows
Life Itself
Kingdom Of Days
Surprise, Surprise
The Last Carnival 
The Wrestler (Bonus Track)