Artist: Fat Freddy’s Drop
Title: Live at Roundhouse London
Genre: Dub,Reggae,Jazzy Roots
Release date: 2010
Audio codec: MP3
Format: tracks
Quality: 320 kbps
Time: 01:19:04

Tracklist:
01. The Camel (13:29)
02. The Raft (16:11)
03. Flashback (12:16)
04. Pull the Catch (10:54)
05. The Nod (10:17)
06. Shiverman (15:58)

Live At Roundhouse is the brand new LIVE album from Fat Freddy's Drop. As any long-term fan knows, live & direct is the very best way to feel the mercurial magic of Fat Freddy's Drop. Onstage performance is the life-blood of their music, which evolves into a spontaneous, eclectic & collective experience. No two shows are ever the same, and once the riffs & rhythms have been road-tested & honed to perfection, they're ready to 'drop' as studio recordings. Live At Roundhouse is further evidence of that alchemy. This album documents the second of two luminous nights at London's Roundhouse in December 2008 - the final gig of a six-week European tour. The bros have been around the world in 80 days almost a dozen times since they first ventured to Europe in 2003. In the same year, Midnight Marauders was released as a 12" on the Best Seven imprint of Jazzanova's label Sonar Kollektiv, which has gone on to anthemic status.

Their stunning live shows have been the catalyst for their growing audiences & continued interest in the band. Freddy's have now clocked up sold-out gigs purely through word-of-mouth at the likes of Roundhouse in London, Le Zenith in Paris, Brixton Academy, Columbiahalle in Berlin, Sonar Festival in Barcelona, Glastonbury, WOMAD & the Detroit Electronic Movement Music Festival. Unlike a lot of bands whose shows are more excited than exciting, the Freddys never succumb to the temptation to crank up the tempo or dumb things down for their audience.

From their beginnings in 1999, the Wellington-based group have blended hypnotic live performance with savvy independent vinyl, CD & DVD releases - all served on Island Time. In doing so, Fat Freddy's Drop have successfully negotiated safe passage to the ears & feet of audiences around the globe for over a decade.
