Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 3
Episode Name: Acafellas
Original Air Date on TV: September 16, 2009


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

When Rachel (Lea Michele) questions Will's choreography skills during a glee club meeting, he forms an all-male a cappella group, the Acafellas, to build his confidence. The group originally consists of Will, football coach Ken Tanaka (Patrick Gallagher), woodshop teacher Henri St. Pierre (John Lloyd Young) and Howard Bamboo (Kent Avenido), a co-worker of Will's wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig). After their first performance however, Henri and Howard drop out and Will replaces them with glee club member Finn (Cory Monteith), and football player Puck (Mark Salling). Former glee club director Sandy Ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky) also joins the group, having arranged for singer Josh Groban to be at their next performance. Although the star compliments their rendition of "I Wanna Sex You Up", he reveals that he only attended to ask Sandy to stop stalking him.

In Will's absence, the glee club hires Dakota Stanley (Whit Hertford), a well-known choreographer, to help coach them to Nationals. Cheerleaders Quinn (Dianna Agron), Santana (Naya Rivera) and Brittany (Heather Morris) hope that the notoriously harsh Stanley will prompt some members of the club to quit, furthering their plan to sabotage the club. Although Stanley is heavily critical of the group, Rachel convinces the members that their differences give them a unique edge, and fires the choreographer. The cheerleaders also lead Mercedes to believe that Kurt has feelings for her, leaving her hurt when he rejects her advances. She believes he has feelings for Rachel and angry at Kurt, Mercedes breaks the windscreen of his car, and sings "Bust Your Windows" He later confesses to her that he is gay, and the two make up. Cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) is angry that the club is now stronger than ever, and punishes Quinn and Santana. Quinn retaliates by thanking Sue for helping her realize that believing in herself negates the need to bring other people down. Will realizes that his passion is teaching, not performing, and resolves to recommit to the glee club.