Directed by Eric Darnell , Tom McGrath
Produced by Mireille Soria , Mark Swift
Written by Etan Cohen , Tom McGrath , Eric Darnell
Music by Hans Zimmer , will.i.am
Editing by Mark A. Hester
Studio DreamWorks Animation Pacific Data Images
Distributed by Paramount Pictures
Release date(s) November 7, 2008 (2008-11-07)
Running time 89 minutes
Country United States
Language English


Tagline : Still together. Still lost!


Cast

Ben Stiller ... Alex (voice)
Chris Rock ... Marty / Additional Zebras (voice)
David Schwimmer ... Melman (voice)
Jada Pinkett Smith ... Gloria (voice)
Sacha Baron Cohen ... Julien (voice)
Cedric the Entertainer ... Maurice (voice)
Andy Richter ... Mort (voice)
Bernie Mac ... Zuba (voice)
Alec Baldwin ... Makunga (voice)
Sherri Shepherd ... Mom (voice)
Will i Am ... Moto Moto (voice) (as Will.I.Am)
Elisa Gabrielli ... Nana (voice)
Tom McGrath ... Skipper / Lemur (voice)
Chris Miller ... Kowalski (voice)
Christopher Knights ... Private (voice)


As a cub, Alex the Lion was called Alakay and was the son of Zuba, the alpha lion. Though Zuba tries to teach Alakay to be a hunter, the
cub is more interested in dancing, and is captured by poachers when Makunga, Zuba's rival, challenges Zuba to a fight for the position of
alpha lion. Alakay is forced into a crate, and though Zuba tries to rescue his son, he is shot in the ear and fails. The crate falls into the ocean
where it drifts to New York. There, Alakay is renamed Alex and sent to the Central Park Zoo where he grew up, meeting Marty, Melman,
and Gloria. The events of the first film are then described through a series of news flashes.In the present time, Alex, Marty, Melman, Gloria,
King Julien, Maurice, the chimpanzees, Skipper and his fellow penguins board a repaired airplane in the hopes of using it to fly back to New
York. Mort tries to board the plane but King Julien doesn't want him on board and locks him outside. The plane takes off and starts with a
relaxing journey. Alex later spots Mort clinging to the wing of the plane and waves to him (causing Mort to wave back and fall off the wing
into the sea). The plane soon ends up crash-landing in continental Africa when it runs out of fuel. In Africa the animals are amazed to find more
of their kind. Alex is reunited with Zuba and his mother. Marty quickly fits in with a herd of zebra who all look, sound, and talk exactly like
him. Melman takes on the position of witch doctor amongst the animals. Gloria, interested in finding a mate, attracts the attention of a smooth
-talking but shallow hippo named Moto Moto.Meanwhile, the penguins set about repairing the plane. They carjack several jeeps from New
Yorkers on vacation under "Operation Tourist Trap", leaving the tourists stranded and lost in the jungle. Taking charge of the group is Nana,
a tough old woman known for having beaten up Alex before he was first shipped out of New York in the first film, reminding them that they
are New Yorkers and survivors.The next morning Mort washes up on the shore of Africa and sets off to find King Julien, chased by a hungry shark.
Unfortunately, life in Africa is not as wonderful as it first seemed. Makunga, still determined to take the position of alpha lion, reminds Zuba
that Alex must complete a traditional lion coming-of-age challenge that he did not complete. Alex, thinking that the challenge is a dance contest
(it is actually a fight) competes against the strongest lion, Teetsie (who was recommended by Makunga) and loses quickly. To avoid being
forced to banish his own son for failing, Zuba relinquishes his title as Alpha lion. Makunga immediately takes the position and banishes Alex
and his family, much to Zuba's anger at Alex. Marty, meanwhile, begins to feel upset that all of the zebras are exactly the same as him, leaving
him with nothing unique. Melman is happy as a witch doctor until he learns that he has the same spot that had apparently caused the previous
witch doctor to die. Melman is also upset about Gloria dating Moto Moto, as Melman has secretly loved her for a long time. Gloria goes on a
date with Moto Moto, in a lake, and quickly realizes that he only loves her for her body.The next day, the animals are in a panic when they
discover that the watering hole has dried up. Determined to make up for his earlier failure, Alex and Marty decide to risk being shot by hunters
and leave the reserve to discover what has happened. The pair discover that the stranded New Yorkers, under the instruction of Nana, have
dammed up the river and built a primitive civilization. Alex is subsequently captured by a trap, causing Marty to abandon him to seek help. Meanwhile,
Zuba hears from Makunga what Alex did and goes to rescue him.Back on the reserve, King Julien suggests that the animals sacrifice one of themselves
at the volcano to appease the water gods and regain their water supply. Believing that he will die soon, Melman volunteers to be sacrificed. Gloria
stops him just in time and Marty arrives to tell them about Alex. The trio, the penguins, and several chimpanzees use the newly-fixed plane to execute
a rescue.However, Alex has already managed to rescue both himself and his father by dancing for the New Yorkers, who quickly recognize him
from the zoo. The other animals arrive to pick them up with the plane, and together they all destroy the dam, freeing the water Meanwhile, back
at the volcano, King Julien complains to Maurice about the sacrifice plan not working ("The science seemed so solid". Mort turns up and is
overjoyed to see King Julien, although Julien is less than thrilled to see him. The shark that was chasing Mort also arrives but falls into the volcano,
completing the sacrifice (with Maurice saying "I hope the gods like Seafood" and causing King Julien to think that he brought back the water.

As the watering hole restores, Makunga angrily reminds Alex and Zuba that all this won't change anything. However, Alex manages to remove
Makunga from power by tricking Nana into attacking him, and she drags him back to the other marooned tourists. Zuba steps down from being
Alpha Lion, giving the position to Alex, but Alex in turn refuses, resulting in both father and son becoming the leaders.The movie ends as Skipper
marries a bobble-head hula doll from the plane and leaves on a honeymoon in Monte Carlo with the chimpanzees, and a huge tub of diamonds
and gold, leaving Alex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria to happily remain in Africa with Alex's parents.


