Though Canadian bands have seemingly been excelling at just about every form of pop music since the turn of the millennium, it's the album-length epic where they've really been outstanding. Broken Social Scene's You Forgot It in People, the ...    Full DescriptionArcade Fire's Funeral, and Wolf Parade's Apologies to the Queen Mary have been three of the biggest, and the Acorn's Glory Hope Mountain deserves to take its place beside them. The Ottawa band's first full-length album after a series of EPs that have attracted increasing attention, Glory Hope Mountain is a good old-fashioned concept album, but an unusually personal one: Glory Hope Mountain is a rough English translation of the name of singer/songwriter Rolf Klausener's mother, Gloria Esperanza Montoya, and the album is an impressionistic rendering of her life, starting as a destitute orphan in her native Honduras. The impressive thing is that the average listener would never guess that from an initial listen or two: thankfully, there is no ham-handed narrative structure to the album's lyrics. That said, the incorporation of traditional Honduran folk forms into the arrangements of songs like "Flood" and "Low Gravity" feels completely organic in exactly the way that the Afro-pop affectations of Vampire Weekend's debut album do not, like a natural outgrowth of the songs and their meaning, not a "hey, this'll sound cool" add-on. The 12 songs flow beautifully, culminating in the simply gorgeous "Lullaby (Mountain)," a delicate acoustic farewell with Ohbijou's Casey Mecija's gentle vocals replacing Klausener's own. It's a perfect closer to an ambitious album that fulfills the musical and lyrical goals it sets for itself. ~ Stewart Mason

Personnel: Howie Tsui (vocals, guitar, E-bow, ukulele, percussion); Rolf Klausener (vocals, guitar, banjo, ukulele, cello, percussion); Jeff Debutte (vocals, guitar, ukulele, viola, percussion); Keiko Devaux (vocals, piano, marimba); Andy Swan (vocals); James "Chip" Bunton (trumpet, percussion).

Recording information: 2009 Florence Street, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada (01/13/2007-07/04/2007); Anissa Hart's Bedroom, Calgary, Alberta, Canada (01/13/2007-07/04/2007); Little Bullhorn Productions, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada (01/13/2007-07/04/2007); People For Audio's Practicce Space, Montreal, Quebec, C (01/13/2007-07/04/2007).

Mojo (Publisher) (p.108) - 4 stars out of 5 -- "[A]n evocative mishmash of weird folk, meditative Americana and something joyous, sweet and unidentifiably tribal."   

Label  U-Music-Canada 
Orig Year  2007 
All Time Sales Rank    183103     
Discs  1 
Release Date  Mar 04, 2008 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Rolf Klausener 
Engineer  Rolf Klausener; Heather Kirby 
Personnel  Howie Tsui - vocals, guitar, E-bow, ukulele, percussion
James "Chip" Bunton - trumpet, percussion
Jeff Debutte - vocals, guitar, ukulele, viola, percussion
Keiko Davaux - vocals, piano, marimba
Rolf Klausener - vocals, guitar, banjo, ukulele, cello, percussion
Andy Swan - vocals

 1. Hold Your Breath 
 2. Flood 
 3. Even While You're Sleeping 
 4. Crooked Legs 
 5. Glory 
 6. Oh Napoleon 
 7. Low Gravity   
 8. Sister Margaret 
 9. Antenna 
 10. Plateau Ramble 
 11. Flood, Pt. 2 
 12. Lullaby (Mountain) 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
 
