PINK FLOYD - WISH YOU WERE HERE
Stereo/Quadraphonic DVD-Audio/Video (hybrid)

1. Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Parts 1-5)    
2. Welcome To The Machine
3. Have A Cigar   
4. Wish You Were Here   
5. Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Parts 6-9)

Transferred, digitally SQ-decoded, restored and remastered 
from the original quadraphonic vinyl edition, made in the UK 1975. 
This disc is playable on any DVD player but will give best results
when played on a player with the DVD-Audio logo.

Transfer: EMT 950 (BBC Edition) with TSD 15 moving coil stylus >
Prism sound 24 bit A/D converter > Cedar Cambridge HD. 
SQ-decoding with Adobe Audition 3. Script by kempfand (www.quadraphonicquad.com)
Audio restoration with Cedar Cambridge.
Mastering with Adobe Audition 3.
DVD-Authoring with Spruce Maestro and DiscWelder Chrome II.

DVD-Audio:
24 bit MLP (Quadraphonic)

DVD-Video:
24 bit dts (Quadraphonic)
16 bit Dolby Digital (Quadraphonic)
24 bit Linear PCM (original SQ-Stereo, accessible from DVD-A as well)

p. 1975 Pink Floyd Music Ltd.  
Reworked by tom 2009.

Note: There were two previous bootleg releases of this record recently but 
both suffered from being very dull and lifeless, especially the vocals sounded 
rather muddy. 
They claimed they were decoded with the famous Fosgate II analogue decoder, so 
I thought this device would be the reason for the poor reproduction of the high 
range. But when I got the Quad-vinyl disc, I had to discover that the LP-sound 
actually was rather dull in itself, so I had to EQ-tweak it a lot to match 
the sound of the WYWH remaster CD.
For some strange reasons the previous DVD-A bootleg release had the end of 
Shine On II attached to the end of Welcome To The Machine as well, giving the 
impression that this was a feature of the record. It wasn't, of course.
However, the quad master is a different compilation, notably the transitions between 
Have A Cigar and Wish You Were Here and between some of the parts of Shine On You 
Crazy Diamond II run slightly longer than on the stereo version.

FREE TRADE ONLY! NEVER BUY OR SELL!