Chopin Piano Concerto No.1 and Mozart Piano Concerto No. 26, Ljubljana Symphony Orchestra, Anton Nanut, Marko Munih, conductors, Dubravka Tomšič, piano.

Frédéric Chopin, March 1810[1] – 17 October 1849) was a Polish composer and virtuoso pianist. He was one of the great masters of Romantic music.
Chopin was born in the village of Żelazowa Wola, in the Duchy of Warsaw, to a French-expatriate father and Polish mother, and in his early life was regarded as a child-prodigy pianist. In November 1830, at the age of twenty, he went abroad; following the suppression of the Polish November Uprising of 1830–1831, he became one of many expatriates of the Polish "Great Emigration."
In Paris, Chopin made a comfortable living as a composer and piano teacher, while giving few public performances. Though an ardent Polish patriot, in France he used the French versions of his names and eventually, to avoid having to rely on Imperial Russian documents, became a French citizen. After some ill-fated romantic involvements with Polish women, from 1837 to 1847 he had a turbulent relationship with the French writer George Sand (Aurore Dudevant). Always in frail health, he died in Paris in 1849, at the age of thirty-nine, of chronic pulmonary tuberculosis.

Chopin's extant compositions were written primarily for the piano as a solo instrument. Though they are technically demanding, his style emphasises nuance and expressive depth. Chopin invented musical forms such as the ballade and was responsible for major innovations in forms such as the piano sonata, mazurka, waltz, nocturne, étude, impromptu and prélude. His works are masterpieces and mainstays of Romanticism in 19th-century classical music.

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart ] (27 January 1756 – 5 December 1791), was a prolific and influential composer of the Classical era. He composed over six hundred works, many acknowledged as pinnacles of symphonic, concertante, chamber, piano, operatic, and choral music. He is among the most enduringly popular of classical composers.

Mozart showed prodigious ability from his earliest childhood in Salzburg. Already competent on keyboard and violin, he composed from the age of five and performed before European royalty; at seventeen he was engaged as a court musician in Salzburg, but grew restless and traveled in search of a better position, always composing abundantly. Visiting Vienna in 1781 he was dismissed from his Salzburg position and chose to stay in the capital, where over the rest of his life he achieved fame but little financial security. The final years in Vienna yielded many of his best-known symphonies, concertos, and operas, and the Requiem. The circumstances of his early death have been much mythologized. He was survived by his wife Constanze and two sons.

Mozart always learned voraciously from others, and developed a brilliance and maturity of style that encompassed the light and graceful along with the dark and passionate—the whole informed by a vision of humanity "redeemed through art, forgiven, and reconciled with nature and the absolute". His influence on all subsequent Western art music is profound. Beethoven wrote his own early compositions in the shadow of Mozart, of whom Joseph Haydn wrote that "posterity will not see such a talent again in 100 years"


Dubravka Tomšič Srebotnjak made her acclaimed Carnegie Hall debut in 1957, at the age of 17, playing Beethoven and Liszt. Two years earlier she debuted with the New York Philharmonic under Jonel Perlea.

Her substantial talent as a pianist was made obvious while receiving private instruction at a young age, so it was only natural that she continued her education in the field, first at the Music high school in Ljubljana and later at the Slovene Academy of Music under professor Zora Zarnikova. Following the advice of the famous Claudio Arrau, she left for the United States at age 12, and in 1957 graduated at the Juilliard School of Music in New York, studying under professor Katharine Bacon, while at the same time improving her skills under the mentorship of A. Uninski (1955). She was considered to be the greatest musical talent of her time in the US. After her Juilliard graduation she studied with the legendary Artur Rubinstein, and in 1959 she received her Bachelor's degree. Rubenstein was eloquent: Her talent and individuality are great. What Lightness! What a beautiful tone! She is a perfect and marvelous pianist!

She has an astounding concert career and is often invited as a judge at the prestigious piano recitals including Van Cliburn, Leeds, L. v. Beethoven, Clara Haskil, etc. Dubravka Tomšič is a very much sought after performer, holding regular concerts all around Europe, Asia, North America, Mexico, Australia and Africa. She's credited with more than 3,500 performances and more than 20 record and 70 CD releases.

Brought to you by TQMP. (The Quality Music Project)

In this project we, fellow pirates share only quality items out of our CD collections in lossless FLAC and include covers, especially for those who like to burn and print and put it in a nice and shiny jewelcase. Well, you all know the drill :)

Ripped by Exact Audio Copy V0.99 from 01-23-2008, encoded to FLAC with 1024kb/s
Get Your Free Copy of the EAC and FLAC suite at:
http://www.exactaudiocopy.de/en/index.php/resources/download/

Please feel free to join the TQMP project!
The "rules" are simple: Rip your CD (no 1980's cassettetapes or vinylrips please!) in lossless format AND include artwork. Include cue- and logfiles for the purists and the TQMP searchtag in your title, so it can easily be found. (Yes, on Google as well..)

Say »thank you« by seeding... just seed, it is not harmful to your health :-)