Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Million Dollar Bill" is a song performed by American R&B and pop recording artist Whitney Houston, from her seventh studio album titled I Look to You. It was released as the official worldwide lead single (second US single) from the album on August 18, 2009 through Arista Records in the US and August 24, 2009 through RCA Records in the UK.

The music video for 'Million Dollar Bill' was directed by Melina Matsoukas, known for working with artists such as Beyoncé, Lady Gaga and Ciara. It premiered on Houston's official website on September 16, 2009.

The video features Whitney Houston entering a dry cleaners and making her way through a kitchen wearing a fur coat. On exiting the kitchen, the music begins, and she walks into a night club with her then removing her coat and singing on a small stage. Throughout the video Whitney is seen in a metalic dress and knee high boots, and as the video progresses she is then seen in a pink dress with cuts to girls in the bathroom touching up their make-up. Just over half the way through the video she is seen in a full-length silver dress supporting a straightened bob. The video ends with Whitney walking away in the silver dress with dollar bills blowing around.

Rap-Up.Com said Houston is looking a million bucks in the high priced music video for "Million Dollar Bill".

'Million Dollar Bill' is Whitney Houston's second song from I Look To You to reach the Hot 100, charting at #100. On the UK Singles Chart, the song was a success, debuting at #12 already given her a new highest peak since "If I Told You That" (2000), and her performance on the The X Factor was watched by 13.89 million viewers giving her enough exposure to push the song up to a new peak of 5. It became Houston's 13th #1 on Billboard's Dance Charts. The song has currently peaked at #20 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, becoming her 32nd top twenty hit on that chart, and making I Look to You her first album since My Love Is Your Love to produce two or more top twenty hits. 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

