Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Baby Boy" is a R&B–reggae song by American singer Beyoncé Knowles versus Sean Paul. The track was produced by Knowles and Scott Storch for her debut solo album Dangerously in Love. "Baby Boy" was written by Knowles, Storch, Robert Waller, Jay-Z and Sean Paul.

"Baby Boy" was released on October 14, 2003 in the United States as the second single from the album. The single was a commercial success, and topped the US Singles Chart for nine consecutive weeks. It was certified platinum in the US, and was Knowles' longest-running solo number-one single until Irreplaceable who topped for ten consecutive weeks . "Baby Boy" performed well internationally, reaching the top ten in many countries, and achieving platinum status in Australia. The song has been praised by both critics and music industry personnel. "Baby Boy" remains a staple of Knowles' concert set list. The American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers recognized it at the 2005 Pop Music Awards as one of the most performed songs of the year.

In 2005, US singer-songwriter Jennifer Armour filed a copyright infringement lawsuit claiming that Knowles had used the primary musical hook from her song "Got a Little Bit of Love for You". It was settled in favor of Knowles.

The music video for "Baby Boy" was filmed by English director Jake Nava, who also shot Knowles' "Crazy in Love" video. It was recorded in Miami, Florida on August 7–8, 2003. Parts of the video were captured in a house with different styles rooms: one in a Japanese style and one in an old English style.

Scenes featuring Knowles and Sean Paul are shown separately. The video begins with Sean Paul sitting on a throne while toasting; Knowles is leaning against the wall dancing. In the following scene, Knowles is seen on a bed tossing herself. Sean Paul is shown with several women who are lying on the floor caressing each other. Knowles walks towards the beach; she spots a man, and the two touch and flirt. At a party, Knowles dances with a man. Water floods the floor as she sings "the dance floor becomes the sea". The original track is interpolated towards the end with an Arabic instrumental, designed for the music video. This section showcases Knowles vigorously dancing on the sand.

Sal Cinquemani of the online publication Slant Magazine, described the video as a "baby-oil-logged follow-up" to "Crazy in Love"'s "bootylicous video". "Baby Boy" premiered on MTV's program Total Request Live on August 25, 2003 at number ten and reached the top spot. It stayed on the show for forty-one days, the same chart run "Me, Myself & I" earned.



My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

