Anna & Amber - Deep Hardcore 720p

Anna's Comments:  We live together, in a house near Portland, OR.  Its small, but cozy.  We share the same bed, and when we wake up, we're usually naked all the way.  We might have breakfast naked, even sit and watch TV naked.  I think we both have nice bodies, and I'm definitely into her being naked around me.  I love curling up next to her and wrapping her in my arms.  We're both bisexual in a way, but we prefer each other over any guys.  I know Amber hasn't had a guy for a long while but I'm only 21 and discovering myself.  I was with a boyfriend before I was dating Amber.  Girls smell better, taste better, and just feel better!  I trust Amber with my body, and let her do anything she wants to me.  Fingers, toys, a little taste here & there, its all good to me.  Though we were very affectionate in public on this shoot, I wouldn't say we do it so out around our town.  It would be looked down upon by most people, so we might just hold hands a bit, but never really kiss in public.  Also my family doesn't know that my 'roomate' is also my lover!  So I act dorky a lot and you see that on these videos where I jump up and down.  I'm probably more even dorky at home when I don't have a camera on me!  Hey, I'm just 21 you know!  We brought a lot of clothes & heels with dresses and stuff but its not just because we were shooting FTV.  We always like to dress each other up and go out, or simply dress up and turn each other on.  And we have lots of glass toys!  We brought 5 of them with us, and the photographer picked the one you see.  I wouldn't let anyone use the glass toy on me but Amber!  She was very adamant about being fisted, and to tell you the truth, she never talked about it before.  I don't think it was ever a thought in our private sex life.  But she wanted to do it!  Well I've had 3 fingers in her and that's fine, but when my hand slowly slid all the way till it was like a ball wrapped around with her wet pussy I didn't know what to think!  She really liked it, and she had an orgasm around my hand!  I could feel every detail inside her pussy so now I know what she's like on the inside.  I didn't have to know that, but I thought it was hot having me feel what its like for a pussy to contract the way it did.
Amber's Comments: When we went back to the house we really got naughty. I had seen other FTV girls fisting each other on the website and I wasn't sure if I could, even though I wanted to. I tried to take it once with someone else a long time ago after hours of crazy sweaty playfulness, but it didn't really work out. I was pretty nervous just the same! I didn't mention what I was considering to Anna until I had already worked her over with her favorite toy and she was eager to get her fingers wet. So intense! Oh, I still can't believe it! We decided to try it out. She was scared she might hurt me; and she kinda did, but it was in a good way that is really hard to explain.
We started off slowly, Anna likes taking her time. The glass toy was still warm from her pussy when she started rubbing it against my slippery places. It felt so good when she switched from using the long straight side and to the knob like handle on the other end. She was getting me ready to try something new. It wasn't long before she was slipping her fingers in my pussy, one after another. I would tease my clitty and I could feel the muscles tighten around her fingers. I was getting so slippery. I had to stop working my fingers as she slid another digit in, stretching my warm wet pussy. I could tell that she was really close to shoving the thickest part of her hand into me. I began pushing against her just a little. I couldn't help myself really; I needed it. For a moment I thought that she had hesitated and pulled back some, but then as she wiggled her knuckles just a little that she was fisting me. Oh fuck, I began lifting my hips to meet her nudging into me and soon she was fist fucking me and I was taking every bit of it as I rocked my hips against her. Sometimes she was twisting her hand just so, back and forth just a little. I was trembling and reaching out, playing with my hard nipples. It was so wild! At one point I said don't stop, because it felt like she might slow down, but I had a hard time catching my breath and there was pause between the words. I had to let her know that I wanted her to continue, and not misunderstand what I really wanted. Wild! I've never done anything like that before. I can't even describe the feeling- Overwhelming, and also intensely satisfying, a little crazy, slightly unbelievable, fucking sexy, what a turn on oh my fuck! Can you believe how good I took that naughtiness from her? 

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_821_deephardcore1_preview.jpg

File Size ------- 1.96gb
Length ---------- 54:27
Resolution ------ 1440x816
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Thanks to (anonymous) for the generous seedbox donation.