Spyware Doctor™ provides three-way spyware protection for your PC through real-time threat blocking, advanced system scanning and immunization against known browser infections. Spyware Doctor is a multi-award winning spyware removal utility that detects, removes and protects your PC from thousands of potential spyware, adware, Trojans, keyloggers, spybots and tracking threats. Protect your privacy and computing habits from prying eyes and virtual trespassers with the help of Spyware Doctor.

Spyware Doctor - a program to protect your PC from spyware infiltration and adware, trojans, keyloggers, unwanted software, phishing, pop-up advertising windows, malicious sites, rootkits, etc. Spyware Doctor monitors the activity in the browser, the work of ICQ and other programs that you use the Internet. Detects, removes and blocks all types of threats from spyware and adware. In the case of malicious software in the system of Spyware Doctor will easily get rid of them. It has a friendly interface and easy to use.

Detects, removes and blocks all types of spyware.
Did you know that numerous programs tested against the application Spyware Doctor, detected only small fraction of Spyware and completely removed an even smaller amount? In addition, most of them failed in the first place Best of the computer spyware in real time.

Spyware Doctor has the most advanced update feature that continually improves its ability to combat spyware on a daily basis. As Spyware gets more complex to avoid detection AntiSpyware programs, Spyware Doctor responds with new technology to stay one step ahead.

Easy to use.
Enhanced Spyware Doctor specially designed for ordinary users, rather than professional experts. This is one reason why she was awarded the "People's Choice Award in 2005, 2006 and 2007. It is automatically configured with a minimum number of requests to ensure optimal protection. That is, immediately after the installation and ongoing protection.

Enhanced Spyware Doctor's OnGuard only alerts users about the fact of detection of spyware. And this is significant because you should not be interrupted by cryptic questions every time you install software, add the site to your favorites or change your PC settings. Such messages can be confusing and lead to undesirable consequences, such as inoperable programs, lost favorites or run-in spyware. We've done the research, and this is no longer necessary.

Features:
"A comprehensive protection from malicious programs
"Real-time protection in real time
"Advanced Detection and Removal Technology
»Zero-Day Protection - protection against new and unknown threats before their discovery
"An improved method for detecting rootkits sets
"Background mode, low CPU
"Automatic updates using the technology of Smart Update

New features and enhancements:
"Better protection, better scanner, less consumption of system resources
"Password protection to prevent unauthorized access
"No messages in full screen mode
"Increased usability

Installation Instructions:

1)Install the program
2)Let the program to download full version
3)After installation shut down the program
4)Copy & paste "update" to destination directory
5)Now enable SD
6)Let it download the update
7)After opening register program with provided serial

Join us at: http://www.scene4all.net

Enyoy!!!