Futanari Insanity Part 6 - Futa Manga | From Pr0n_Glutton/black_dragon
Possibly Hosted by others on various trackers.

*NEW* OPTIONAL: In the creation of this torrent, I realized that I skipped a folder I was actually planning to be part 6. That folder was supposed to be the last of category futa. Since this is a completely new main folder of my futa collection, this DOES NOT go into the "Category Futa" folder as my last optional instructions mentioned. When you're done with this torrent, move the "Manga" folder into the same root as your Category Futa folder. Again, this is optional, but organizing hentai early is better than slapping a bunch of the same pics in one folder.

The funny thing is, despite the thousands, perhaps millions of independent futanari pictures out there, I think the futanari mangas/doujins may actually trump their file size. I only had a few manga (compared to most manga collectors" and my collection was alread about 3-500MB's. After grabbing all Misty Moon Metropolis Manga I could find as well as a few from RaTe, it jumped to over 700MB. Still, this means I can smoothly transition into bigger file sizes with my parts (instead of instantly jumping to 1.2GB as planned)

The following list show what sub-folders are available for this part. This torrent is actually an Improved version of what I have so if you're copying my optional instructions, it will be different (but I will copy/paste this torrent back to my original folders)
Fanatic Fetish - Not necessarily a manga. At one point I thought it was because of the paragraph sized writing on each picture. I believe this collection is complete.
Futanari Palace - a couple manga's from FP members. These aren't the best one there, just ones I happened to download at one time. (search for Linty @ Futanari Palace)
Japanese - I assume most collectors actually have a folder for manga that is translated instead of untranslated, as they expect most of it to be Japanese and can probably read it to. I don't like to bother too much with untranslated manga (unless it has good pics) which is why I have this folder. Misty Moon Metropolis is in this folder
RaTe - This artist (I think) makes some pretty good ones. I didn't actually have any futa manga from him (I think I have non-futa ones) and I just got these for the torrent. I could have got more, but I would be spending a long time downloading all of them, and then completing other collections. Soon the size would be tons of gigs.
The Amanoja 9 - Perhaps my favorite Manga artist. Does the excellent "TS I Love you" manga which are often about men falling in love with transexuals. The translation seems to state that these "futanari" are actually men transitioned into pre-op shemales (Full cock and balls). This may put you off, but the "she was a man" fetish isn't the focus of this series. Just excellent sex scenes including plenty of frottage in some chapters. The naming of some parts can be confusing and you may find a handful of duplicate chapters in this folder.
Various - Various translated manga with series/artist's I've never completed.

If you want more Manga G.E-Hentai.org is a excellent place to start. Futanari Palace also has a massive Doujin Library for Futa. You can complete the RaTe, Bankanyu Fullnerson and other collections at these places. You may also want to look for "futabu vol 3" which was removed because it might be against some tracker rules. Find it yourself.

I've stated my torrents will gradually be bigger, and the next part should be 1.2GBs unless I break it up. Leave a comment if you're ok with that. I hope you enjoy this and be sure to leave feedback (Comments, Votes, Ratings Thanks, Seeds)