Avid Media Composer - the preferred choice for top-level professionals engaged in the production of film and video, and for independent producers, and for new post-production. A great tool for creative work: support for tapeless production technologies, work with any format, multikamerny HD installation and much more. 

The perfect combination of freedom of choice between different options of systems Avid Media Composer, which is best suited to the different projects: from an autonomous system with the software without additional hardware support to complete the hardware-software Avid Media Composer / Avid Digirtal Nonlinear Accelerator (Avid DNA) .

Installation of different formats on one timeline

Combining in one time line HD, SD, DV, kinoformatov and permits, as well as Avid AVR and Meridien JFIF without rendering, transcoding, or re-digitizing. Editing DVCPRO HD and HDV without rendering. Multi-chamber installation in real-time HD, SD and DV video. Support 24p. Ability to capture 24p from IEEE-1394.
Avid Media Composer is compatible with the environment Avid Unity and Avid Interplay.

Support for Sony XDCAM and Panasonic P2

Save your time! Now, Avid Media Composer, you can carry out installation of the material with Sony XDCAM and Panasonic P2 without predzahvata. Support for Sony XDCAM includes the installation of copies of low-resolution, DV and IMX in high resolution.

Avid DNxHD encoding

If you're working with HD, then you need the industry's first codec HD - Avid DNxHD, which allows you to keep the original quality HD images one by one with bandwidth comparable to that of SD. The new format Avid DNxHD delivers incredible quality of high resolution and maximum savings amount of disk space, providing an opportunity to work with the project in HD between several workstations. The flow rate of 145 Mbps (with 8-bit video in 4:2:2) and 220 Mbps (with 10-bit video in 4:2:2) with permission 720p and 1080p / i.

10-bit color correction in real time
Avid Media Composer has an effective color correction tools based on the technology of Avid Symphony. One click you can analyze the color and color correction of the entire sequence.

Support for Panasonic Varicam off-speed
Capture and playback from cameras Panasonic Varicam.

Image stabilization by using SteadyGlide
Now you can automatically stabilize the footage, which, for whatever reasons, such as camera shake, become unfit for use in the project. As a result, you will greatly save your cost and time to work.

FluidMotion

With FluidFilm you can create slow motion effects and "fit-to-fill" (stretch to the desired length) from any video using patented pixel morphing technology. Control the speed and position is performed by means of keyframes defining the curve. You can also make your 30i footage 24p or video form with function FluidFilm.

SpectraMatte Keyer

Keying can be a difficult task when working with 8mi bit format, such as DVCPRO HD. Now you can create high-quality keying and replay it in real time using a 16-bit technology SpectraGraph. Interactive environment helps an editor quickly find the key keingovy color, without wasting time on the method of "spear".

Working with GOP

Media Composer system now can work with the structures of MPEG GOP, having size smaller than the standard 15 frames. This feature allows users to export HDV material without rendering the entire sequence.

Record 4-channel audio through a microphone
4 channel audio recording straight to a time-line, without spending time on the capture and assembly of the material. During the dialogue or narration, you can record on a time line of several voices at once, which will greatly reduce the time for voiceovers.

Watching videos in full screen mode via DVI output
Now you can display SD and HD content in full screen mode on the LCD monitor, using a standard DVI connector.

Professional tools for working with film material
Each system features built-in Media Composer Avid Film Composer metadata management. The seizure of material from 24p to 25p in real time, as well as automatic synchronization of video and audio sources. Also, when working with film material available additional metadata such as: Timecode, KeyKode, DPX, VXF and UNC.

Excellent media management
Quick and easy ordering, counting and localization of media sources. Move and rename clips without losing links, as all events are automatically updated. Intuitive, customizable media asset management functions embedded in mounting medium Avid and designed to work with cumbersome and complex projects.

Key features of the software Avid Media Composer:
Ability to mount and work with the effects for 10-bit SD and HD video
The universal library of codecs for simultaneous operation with DV, IMX, SD and HD material on a single timeline.
Support work with DVCPRO HD and DVCPRO 50 without conversion (capture / output to IEEE 1394)
Support work with HDV without rendering
Up to 11 streams of uncompressed SD video (more streams possible at lower resolution)
Ability to work with digital negatives (DI) in the off-line mode
Hromakeer SpectraMatte ™ with the ability SpectraGraph ™
Support AVX 2
Toggle quality to ensure maximum productivity
Optimization at multi-stations

Features mounting
Working with video, with different resolution, at one time-line
Multi-chamber installation in real time (9 sources SD, 3 sources HD)
Function SteadyGlide, providing Motion Tracking (tracking of the movement), and Stabilization (image stabilization)
Compatible with ABVB AVRs and Meridien JFIF
Consolidation and transcoding media in different resolutions
24 video and audio tracks (unlimited video layers via the possibility of working with several sequences)
24 tracks MetaSync
Toolbox Film Composer
The use of uncompressed effects regardless of the resolution of the video
The effect of "audio dissolve" in real time
Supports 4:3 and 16:9
A breakdown of DV material into scenes
Working with long GOP sequences
Support capture 24P in 24, 25 or 30 staff draft
PAL 24P and 25P
Function Video Archive
Can be installed at the time of capture (need to have Avid Unity MediaManager)
23.976, 24, and film montage with the possibility of converting a sequence of 24 to 23.976
Ability to capture 24P for IEEE-1394 for projects 24fps

Digital effects and compositing
10-bit effects and filters Boris Continuum Complete
Customizable 3D effects in real time: Warp, Picture-in-Picture, Corner Pinning, Shapes, Video Titles
And also in real time: Dissolves, Superimposition, Resize, Flips, Flops, Wipes, Conceals, Squeezes, Masks, and Picture-in-Picture
Support for Panasonic Varicam off-speed
Moving Mattes in real time
Hromakey lyumakey and in real time
Keying on the alpha channel in real time
Compositing unlimited number of layers
Custom effects including changes in speed, FluidMotion
Effect FluidFilm to give 50i and 60i or video footage of the form
Plugin support AVX 1.5 & AVX 2.0, including real-time plug-party
ExpertRender for rendering effects
Features Paint, AniMatte, Scratch Removal for time-lapse processing
Pan & Zoom creates video from static images in high resolution
Deep Defocus, blur, mosaic
Tools to change the aspect ratio
High KSur SpectraMatte with the possibility SpectraGraph

10-bit color correction
Tools professional level color correction in real time
One Step AutoCorrect
Patented feature for easy customization NaturalMatch match the color tones
Color effects in real time, customized with the help of key personnel
Trehmonitornye windows for color correction
Display ChromaCurve and ChromaGraph
Waveform Display and Vectorscope

Integrated tools for creating titles and graphics
Uncompressed graphics and titles in real time
2D and 3D titration, including Marquee
Drum and news tickers
Saving heading styles, user-created

Maximum comfort and compatibility
Support for Avid Studio Toolkit (Avid FX, Avid DVD, and Avid 3D)
Support for the entire line of Avid Unity, including the working environment compatible with Avid Unity MediaManager and Avid Unity TransferManager
Can be installed during the seizure mediamateriala
Fully compatible beans, sequences, gluing, tracks, audio settings, effects, and Avid media systems with Avid Xpress, Media Composer, Film Composer and Symphony
Compatibility with Avid DS Nitris systems with AFE
Support for Sony XDCAM, including copies of low-resolution MPEG IMX and
Support for Panasonic P2
Import / export of AAF
Working with MXF or OMF
Encoding HD and SD video in Windows Media
Output time code LTC
Supports layers of Photoshop and After Effects
24-bit audio files are compatible with Digidesign Pro Tools
Remote control playback and seizure

Project Management and Metadata
Multi-level search functions, selection and sorting
Views: Frame, script and text
Ability to change file metadata directly to the bin
Unlimited number of beans
Function of media consolidation
The hierarchy of folders (folders in folders) within the project window
Individual settings for User, Project and Site
Blocking media from possible changes
Support for Avid Unity MediaManager for advanced search, as well as local and remote metadata

Coding for the Web Interactive Delivery
Encoding of WMV HD and Windows Media 9, H.264 MPEG4, MPEG 1 & 2, QuickTime, Flash, and RealMedia
WMV HD for the content in HD for future recordings on DVD-ROM
Export Windows Media (ASF), QuickTime 7.0 and MPEG-2
Output QuickTime Reference Movie
Sonic DVDit
Sorenson Squeeze
SmartSound SonicFire Pro
Boris Continuum Complete
Noise Industries Factory Tools

What’s new?

• Directly access and edit RED files through AMA, without transcoding (images are scaled to HD frame size)
• Work natively with QuickTime video formats, including Apple ProRes and H.264
• Edit video and audio by dragging and dropping elements in the timeline
• Keep high-end finishing projects in-house and gain great color precision with HD-RGB support (including dual-link I/O support with Nitris DX systems)
• Monitor video externally with support for the Matrox MXO2 Mini
• Mix and match frame sizes and aspect ratios — in addition to formats, frame rates, and resolutions — in the same timeline
• Take a break during long renders and have your system email you when the job’s done
• Import AVCHD files directly from cameras and other devices
• Capture to and edit XDCAM HD and DVC PRO HD formats from baseband without additional hardware
• Access low-res XDCAM proxies for offline work, with full-quality audio
• Import text-based ancillary data and embed it in the video signal with the new "Data Track” and • • SMPTE 436M support using Nitris DX- and Mojo DX-based systems
• View stereo audio tracks as single channels in the timeline for easier handling
• Create high-quality sounds and mixes with support for RTAS audio processing plug-ins
• Natively access and edit 4:2:2 MPEG-2 media from the new Canon cameras using AMA

Work Directly with RED Using the Newly Improved AMA
With Media Composer 5, AMA (Avid Media Access) has been completely reengineered, so you can work natively with more file-based media formats now and in the future. With the new and improved AMA, you can speed up RED workflows by directly accessing RED files (.R3D) in Media Composer without having to prepare them through MetaFuze (all footage is scaled to HD frame size). Plus, you have access to its full metadata and color management data too.

Edit QuickTime Formats Natively
Get native access to all popular QuickTime formats, with full access to clip metadata. Thanks to AMA, you can natively access and edit any movie that can be played in Apple’s QuickTime Player (including Apple ProRes and .mov files captured by Canon 5D and 7D cameras) right in Media Composer — no transcoding, rewrapping, or logging and transferring required.

Drag and Drop Video and Audio to Edit
Get comfortable — with Media Composer 5, you can truly edit the way you like. In addition to the standard way of editing, you can also now directly manipulate elements in the timeline to edit video and audio. Drag and drop clips anywhere you want on the timeline to rearrange sequences. And grab a clip’s in or out point and drag to trim a scene, dialog, or music.

Get Full-Quality HD-RGB Processing
Keep those finishing jobs in house, and deliver the highest quality color and effects work, with support for full-quality 4

4 HD-RGB color space processing in Media Composer. With the higher resolution detail, you can perform color correction, keying, and effects work with greater precision and ease. And if you have a Nitris DX-based system, you can digitize, process, monitor, and output (output in Symphony systems only) projects in HD-RGB, using the two HD SDI connections to handle the high-bandwidth resolutions.

Monitor Video Externally through Matrox MXO2 Mini
If you don’t have a Nitris DX- or Mojo DX-based system, Media Composer 5 opens the door to third-party workflows, enabling you to monitor video externally using the Matrox MXO2 Mini interface, which is available for Mac and Windows systems. When paired with Media Composer software, MXO2 Mini becomes a dedicated, high-quality monitor-only solution for file-based or workgroup production, so you can view your video work in real time without any major expense.

MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS (PC)
Computer: Avid-qualified Windows-based computer or laptop
OS: Windows 7 Professional (64-bit), Windows XP Professional SP3 (32-bit), Windows Vista Business SP2 (64-bit), Windows Vista Ultimate SP2 (64-bit)
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.33 GHz or faster
Memory: 2 GB of RAM (4 GB of RAM for Windows Vista); 4 GB of RAM recommended
Graphics Card: NVIDIA Quadro FX family** (FX 560 or higher)
Internal Hard Drive: Minimum 80 GB 7200 rpm hard disk
Optical Drive: DVD-ROM drive for installation