Sarah Vaughan At Mister Kelly’s (1957)

Recorded live at Mr. Kelly's, Chicago, Illinois in August 1957.


vbr (between 225 and 227 kbps)








During the mid-'50s, Sarah Vaughan spent most of her time recording songbook standards backed by a large orchestra in florid arrangements, with only the occasional breath of fresh air like her masterpiece, 1954's Sarah Vaughan with Clifford Brown. 


Four years after that milestone, another landed with the live album At Mister Kelly's. Recorded quite early in the days of the live LP, the album captured Vaughan at her best and most relaxed, stretching out on a set of late-night torch songs and ballads. 


With a trio including Jimmy Jones on piano, Roy Haynes on drums, and Richard Davis on bass, Vaughan is simply captivating, easily disproving the notion that, to be entertaining, singers needed inventive arrangements and multiple voices (instrumental or otherwise) behind them. 


Her unerring sense of rhythm carries her through every song on this set, whether the occasion calls for playfulness and wit ("Thou Swell," "Honeysuckle Rose") or a world-wise melancholia ("Willow Weep for Me"). Her accompanists are a valuable anchor, with Haynes' drumming just as precise as Sassy's vocals and Jones' piano solos adding additional vitality. 

Includes the reissue’s bonus tracks (#10-20)

Digitally remastered by Kiyoshi Tokiwa.

Personnel: Sarah Vaughan (vocals); Jimmy Jones (piano); Richard Davis (bass); Roy Haynes (drums)






Tracklist:


1. September in the Rain
2. Willow Weep for Me
3. Just One of Those Things
4. Be Anything (But Be Mine)
5. Thou Swell
6. Stairway to the Stars
7. Honeysuckle Rose
8. Just a Gigolo
9. How High the Moon
10. Dream
11. I’m Gonna Sit Right Down (And Write Myself a Letter)
12. It’s Got to Be Love
13. Alone
14. If This Isn’t Love
15. Embraceable You
16. Lucky in Love
17. Dancing in the Dark
18. Poor Butterfly
19. Sometimes I’m Happy
20. I Cover the Waterfront




Sarah Vaughan – vocals
Jimmy Jones – piano
Richard Davis – double bass
Roy Haynes – drums
