Clock Tower 3 for the Ps2                                        Rel. 03/18/2003


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Action Adventure Horror
Rating:        M (Mature)
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using 

free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Game Description:

A survival horror action/adventure in which you play as Alyssa, a girl approaching her 15th birthday. She is summoned home from boarding school because of a mysterious phone call from her mother. When she arrives, her mother is gone and only a scary stranger is there to greet her. You as Alyssa must pacify the spooky denizens of the house by returning to them items of sentimental value.

Set in London, England, Clock Tower 3 puts players in the role of Alyssa Hamilton, an ordinary girl who learns that her ancestors have fought the powers of evil for centuries. Throughout the game she must escape from the murderous violence of the Evil Servants, spirits of pure hatred who thrive on the ensnared life force of their victim's souls. 

In order to save herself and the tortured souls trapped by the Evil Servants, Alyssa must unlock the mysteries surrounding each death. But it won't be easy. The relentless Servants want nothing more than to add her soul to their collection will pursue Alyssa at every turn. 

The key to survival is unraveling these puzzles and summoning the sacred weapons necessary to banish these demonic creatures from which they came. Can she free the trapped souls before the Evil Servants stop her? Who is the mysterious Dark Man and what is his connection to the Clock Tower? Time is running out for Alyssa. Can she survive and escape the clutches of the Evil Servants until the clock strikes midnight? 



Features:

* Cinemas directed by Kinji Fukasaku - In order to give the game a more 
  “realistic” feel, several cinematic sequences have been included. These
  cinemas rival those of high budget films and were all directed by the highly 
  respected Kinji Fukasaku, ‘the last great Japanese action movie director.’ 
  The cinemas use motion capture that surpass current standards and will convey 
  the game’s essence perfectly. 

* Experience a Totally New Type of ”Fear” - With each rapid heartbeat, players 
  will hear and feel the fear in Alyssa as she tries to escape. Alyssa doesn’t 
  posses a particular weapon or strength to ward off Evil. She will only have her  
  courage and wits to survive the malevolent spirits that fill the town.

* Story written by Flagship – A premiere script writing company responsible for 
  writing the scripts for Resident Evil and Onimusha. 

* Fully interactive environment - Players must cleverly hide behind or utilize 
  objects in their environment to help escape from the Evil Servants or to solve 
  puzzles.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).


Enjoy!	