This is in my opinion both the most overlooked AND best overall release of
2009. It NEEDS to be heard as if it came out this week and NEEDS to get 
more world-wide airplay/exposure. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

From his profile on AbsolutePunk (looks like it's a couple of years old
as the references appear to be pre-born in the USB):

When a person loves something, there is a human tendency to become attached to it, to the point where that person refuses to change the way it’s remained. William Doyle is no stranger to this philosophy, as his devotion to the music he hears as well as the music he makes has existed since early ages. But what happens when you take that love and experiment with it? What’s it like to release all of your inhibitions and perception of the way things are supposed to be, and make an attempt to immerse yourself into something completely different? These are the questions Will is now attempting to answer in his new writing.

William’s music history expands further than you’d expect for someone only 16 years of age. With a diverse set of musical influences that range between hundreds of bands such as Brand New, Fall Out Boy, Death Cab For Cutie, Thrice, Kevin Devine, Alexisonfire, Bright Eyes, Jeremy Enigk and even Idiot Pilot, he has written music from the most energetic pop-punk to the deepest alternative to the most technical electronica and everything in between. After receiving his first guitar at age 10, he immediately began learning the ropes of songwriting, and continued to improve his musical, lyrical, vocal, and even audio-technological skills until he came across his first serious band, Northbrook. His two-year tenure with this pop-punk/indie group refined his songwriting and lyrical capabilities into something professional, and as the band’s sound progressed, he progressed with it. After it was realized that the band’s transatlantic status presented an insurmountable challenge, he moved on to a second serious project, an electronica/alternative two-member group entitled .polandbetrayed. It was with this group that William introduced to himself a less methodical and more unique form of songwriting, thus increasing his diversity and helping him find his own writing niche. However, it was soon realized that this group was not in fact his niche, and his departure from .polandbetrayed brings him to date with his current project.

With these years of various experiences, William has decided that in order to continue his progression, the best approach is for him to veer in a direction he has never faced before, starting from scratch with something completely raw. This new beginning is otherwise known as From Here On In, an EP he released on October 27, 2007. This release is anything but pretentious, comprised solely of his voice, his acoustic guitar and other acoustic instruments, his notepad, and most of all his emotions. The solo project is based in the Southampton region of southern England, but this is by no means a restriction, as Will’s journey to find his true voice promises to take him to places he has only dreamed of.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

From Indie69's Best 100 Indie Rock Pop Tracks of 2009:

William Doyle - Born in The USB

This "kid" released a damn fine album this year and a promise of a long and
fruitful career. But almost No-ONE NOTICED! Now working as Doyle and the Fourfathers

there should be a new album coming soon. And I look forward to hearing where this promising artist goes from where he is now, which is a pretty lofty place for someone just out of his teens. The new direction and .. gasp.. bandmates... 
should make for a great next step. Just as long as he doesn't abandon EVERYTHING he accomplished on Born in the USB.

But why the number one spot? Because "Born in The USB" has remianed on my mp3 player ever since that day it was upped to it. And I find I never skip a track. For me, it was simply the best release of the year. YMMV. But that's fine.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

From Blog SonOnTheSand:

William Doyle is an indecisive so and so. Having followed his career
(semi) closely throughout its two to three year infancy, his writing
has run the gamut of indie clichés. There’s been the one-man-and-his-broken-heart Bright Eyes phase, the one-man-and-his-liberal-views-on-divisive-political-issues phase (also known as the other Bright Eyes phase), and more recently a venture into electronics, which being kind, we’ll call the Kid A phase (and being less kind, we could dub it the Digital Ash/Postal Service phase). 2009 being a year for change, Doyle has stayed true to form and followed our new leader of the free world into a new era in his music and this time out, it sounds absolutely nothing like Conor Oberst. Instead Born in the USB echoes Jeremy Enigk’s solo marterial and Wilco in the Yankee Hotel Foxtrot sessions, meaning a record rooted in Americana (despite Doyle actually being British) but saturated with walls of noise, feedback, and electronic twiddling.

To his credit, Born in the USB is significantly more diverse than Yankee Hotel Foxtrot and much more consistently pleasing than any recent Jeff Tweedy material. ‘Ghosts on the Mantlepiece’ for example is a eclectic mix of Animal Collective harmonies and Kraftwerk synth lines and yet in the midst of this, he’s written in a bona fide guitar that doesn’t sound forced, predictable, or even tacked on just to prove he can. It makes no sense, the song doesn’t call for it and it’s totally unexpected, and yet, it sits effortlessly within the song. ‘The Human Interface’ displays another weapon in his arsenal which crackles with dissonance and noise as a serene instrumental number.

The first half of the record showcases Doyle’s song craft-oriented works. ‘Eternal Return All’ is better than anything Ben Gibbard has written since Transatlanticism and even manages to cut out the sappiness which so often plagues Death Cab records. It’s probably the most basic track on the album with experimentation kept to a minimum and hooks placed at the forefront. This is not necessarily a detriment nor a high point, it is merely different and of equally high
quality.

On ‘Vinyl Grooves’, Doyle sings “I’m just an actor, running lines, some character that someone else designed” and in many ways pertaining to music (most likely not the way he meant it), he couldn’t be more correct. His music is a prototype for a spectacular combination of so many leading alternative luminaries. It’s not quite perfect in and of itself but it’s filled with potential at every turn. For a man of a mere eighteen years, this is frighteningly good and suggests he is in for a long and extremely bright future as a musician.

Ben Greenbank

---------------------------------------------------------

Track Listing:

01. Beneath The Soil
02. Vinyl Grooves
03. Eternal Return All
04. Pretty Pylons
05. The Sotonian
06. Counterfeit Moon
07. Dry Justice
08. Ghosts on The Mantlepiece
09. The Human Interface(instrumental)
10. Backwards Siren Song
11. Thornbury Heights

All tracks 320kbps

His current myspace with the new band:
