Almeza MultiSet Professional v6.8 build 235

Description

MultiSet - Automatic installation programs and Windows
Want to create an installation disk WindowsXP, which would automatically set the system, not asking questions about username, product key, time and locale settings?
MultiSet - the ideal solution for a quick reinstall your operating system!

MultiSet specially made to free users from the routine work
installing applications. In doing so, you do not need to write a single line of code / script! Just install the required application once and MultiSet will save all of your actions. Later MultiSet will install all the applications you need automatically!

Features Almeza MultiSet:

1) Automatic installation of OS Windows.
Ability to create a boot disk, CD / DVD for unattended installation of Windows on any computer. Installing OS in any mode: restoring the OS Windows (installing above the current version of the OS (repair reinstall)) or to reinstall windows.

2) Automatic installation of any software.
Ability to create CD / DVD drive that will automatically install any sets of software on many computers. For example, after you install Windows, you can automatically install the service packs, drivers, games, any program (codecs, music players, working tools ...), and also automatically adjusts to hold them.

3) Creating a bootable disk
for simultaneous unattended installation of Windows and programs. Ability to create a boot disk that will automatically install and windows and a set of programs.

4) Automatic restoration program settings and tuning Windows
Ability to automatically restore the settings of programs, operating system windows. Restoring registry keys, start spetsutilit.

5) Remote automatic installation
Ability to automatically install sets of software on the local network. The necessary software is automatically installed on any number of computers connected to the LAN.

It should also be noted about the features of the program, through which the program has won the love of the users:

• Convenient Wizards.
Creating a disc avtoustanovki occurs with the help of friendly assistants masters.

• Ease of development.
Work with the program does not require spets.znany (ie no special scripting language, big smart settings) are easy.

• Correct handling of all installation situations:
restart your computer during avtoustanovki, enter the serial number, enter a user name and other parameters, an adequate treatment of unusual situations, exceptions.

Install

Unpack with any archiver
Run setup exe to install program
copy files from crack folder to program DIR
usually c:programsprogram name and replace files 