Race To The Moon - History Channel NASA Documentaries

Video Codec..........: DivX 5.x/6.x 
Video Bitrate........: 858kbps 
Duration.............: 1:29:46
Resolution...........: 608*408 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 224 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
No Subtitles
 
http://bayimg.com/haLilaacB

This 2-Disc set From the History Channel offers a collection of 4 documentaries, the principal one being a history of Flight Control and director Gene Krantz. The other 3 are OK, but you get the feeling that they were just tossed in as extras.

FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION - 90 min, History of NASA Flight Control.
MODERN MARVELS: Space Shuttle - 45 min, history of the program until 1994.
MODERN MARVELS: Apollo 13 - 45 Min, Documentary of failed moon landing flight.
HISTORY'S MYSTERIES: PROJECT ORION - 45 min, 1960s project examining nuclear propulsion in Space.

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381176/ - Failure Is Not an Option (2003)

Based on NASA flight director Gene Kranz' autobiography "Failure is not an Option" this documentary traces the history of NASA Mission Control during the Mercury, Gemini and Apollo programs, with special emphasis on Apollo 1, 8, 11, 12 and 13.

While Kranz' book often comes out as overly jingoistic and with an excess of pathos, this documentary strikes a good balance between depicting the historical background of the space race, the technical issues of spaceflight and the emotional impact on Mission Control personnel.

To people very familiar with the events of US manned spaceflight in those years, there is not much new information to be gained from the documentary. There is Conrads difficult Gemini spacewalk, the Apollo 1 fire, Apollo 8 going around the moon, the Apollo 11 moon descent crises (Computer alarm and low fuel), Mission Controller Aarons reset of the Apollo 12 during launch and of course the whole saga of Apollo 13. All is told through the eyes of Mission Control, its directors and controllers, with the astronauts only appearing as fuzzy voices on the radio downlink.

The strength of the documentary is that it shows us the faces and voices of the Mission controllers. From the perspective of 2003 they re-tell their stories in a seamless narrative illustrated with mostly original film, but also a little re-enactment, which happily is not too intrusive (even though it does show people watching a Mercury launch in colour on their home TV set..). The contrast between the young faces filmed in the 60's and the present-day aged and haughty demeanor of the same men is a captivating reminder of the passage of time. Working in Mission control was obviously the high point of their lives, so there is a slightly nostalgic note to their account.

Some things about the documentary can be criticized. Space buffs will miss technical details, and not much is being said about the system of shifts in Mission Control, that is, how "colourcoded" teams managed the job of mission control 24/7. Also, the focus is very much on the telegenic Gene Kranz, to the detriment of the other mission directors and controllers. This is probably unavoidable when we're dealing with the TV medium, which needs easy-to-follow stories and a captivating protagonist.

If one wants a true insight into NASA mission control, one has to read books about it. This documentary will however serve as a primer, and a good one at that. It is emotional to hear the story of NASA's crises and triumphs, re-told 40 years on by the men who were actually there. They might not quite be unsung heroes, since their feats are well-documented, but they certainly deserve to be heard once more by new audiences. 


 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0875388/ - "Modern Marvels" Apollo 13 (2001)


Apollo 13 was to have been the third Apollo mission to land on the Moon, but a mid-mission oxygen tank explosion forced the lunar landing to be aborted. The flight was commanded by James A. Lovell, with John L. "Jack" Swigert command module pilot, and Fred W. Haise lunar module pilot.

The mission launched on April 11, 1970 at 13:13 CST. Two days later, en route to the Moon, a fault in the electrical system of one of the Service Module's oxygen tanks produced an explosion which caused a loss of electrical power and failure of both oxygen tanks. The command module remained functional on its own batteries and oxygen tank, which were only designed to support the vehicle during the last hours of flight. The crew shut down the Command Module and used the Lunar Module as a "lifeboat" during the return trip to earth. 

Despite great hardship caused by limited power, loss of cabin heat, and a shortage of potable water, the crew returned safely to Earth on April 17, and the mission was termed a "successful failure." A misquotation of a radio transmission by Swigert ("Houston, we've had a problem") has become widely quoted in popular culture as "Houston, we have a problem."

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1229946/ - Code Name: Project Orion


Project Orion was the first engineering design study of a spacecraft  powered by nuclear pulse propulsion, an idea proposed first by Stanisław Ulam during 1947. The project, initiated in 1958, envisioned the explosion of atomic bombs behind the craft and was led by Ted Taylor at General Atomics and physicist Freeman Dyson, who at Taylor's request took a year away from the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton to work on the project. 

By using energetic nuclear power, the Orion concept offered high thrust and specific impulse at the same time; the optimum combination for spacecraft propulsion. As a qualitative comparison, traditional chemical rockets (the Moon-class Saturn V or the Space Shuttle being prime examples) provide (rather) high thrust, but low specific impulse, whereas ion engines do the opposite. Orion would have offered performance greater than the most advanced conventional or nuclear rocket engines now being studied. Cheap interplanetary travel was the goal of the Orion Project. Its supporters felt that it had potential for space travel, but it lost political approval over concerns with fallout from its propulsion. The Partial Test Ban Treaty of 1963 is generally acknowledged to have ended the project.

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0911930/ - "Modern Marvels" Space Shuttle (1994)

Season 12, episode 67. A fairly generic documentary of the Space Shuttle program up until the year 1994. It deals with the Challenger explosion, but predates the Columbia disaster.