Date:
 06-23-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Linda Moulton Howe, Jim Hardt 
 


Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe discussed the Pentagon's first robotic space plane, the serious decline of snake populations, and a UFO incident at Whiteman Air Force Base. 

The unmanned Boeing X-37B spacecraft was launched in April, and aviation experts have conjectured that its secretive mission could involve testing weapon delivery or even satellite warfare. Linda spoke with Harvard astrophysicist Jonathan McDowell who noted that the X-37 generates electricity through its solar panels and can stay in space much longer than the shuttle. "I think the X-37 B will replace some of the military applications that the space shuttle had," he said. McDowell also offered analysis of the spirals seen in the sky in Norway, and other locations, suggesting that these aerial patterns created during rocket launches could be on the increase because of a new way that rocket fuel is vented. More here. 

For her second report, Linda investigated the worldwide decrease in snake populations. Two studies have confirmed up to 90% loss in some species. She interviewed Professor of Biology, Brian Crother, who warned that if snakes continue to die out, we could see a dramatic increase in the rodent population, and with this could come increased disease such as bubonic plague to other mammals, including humans. The rise in snake deaths, and other life forms such as frogs and bees might be related to pollution-- "all the chemicals we put out, whether pesticides, herbicides, or waste. These things are all getting into the water systems and the atmosphere," and we are reaching some kind of "tipping point," he commented. See the full interview. 

In the summer of 1984, the nuclear weapons storage area at Whiteman AFB southeast of Kansas City, Missouri, was "studied" by a huge, silent, disc-shaped unidentified flying object. Eyewitness Dale Hogan, former USAF Airman, was on security that night, and described seeing a reddish-blue beam emanating from the disc and going straight down into the nuclear weapons "storage igloo." Hogan told Linda that he put his hand into the beam of light and "it changed color real quick to like a purple and my hand was like numb! Like pins and needles," as if blood flow had been lost. Later, an officer arrived with a camera to film the UFO, and told Hogan not to fire on the disc, as "they have more firepower than you could ever shake a stick at and it will blow you and me to smithereens!" More, including illustrations, here. 

Brain Scans
First half-hour guest, Dr. James Hardt of the Biocybernaut Institute commented on new research into brain scans which help predict behavior. The structure in the brain where they found the most significant results was an area that relates to self-referential issues, he said. 


Website(s):
•earthfiles.com
•biocybernaut.com
Book(s):
•Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles
•Glimpses of Other Realities, Volume 2
•The Art of Smart Thinking