Hi there..

First off: A big THANK YOU to Doc, my friend, who have introduced to me this wonderfully truthful and great artist. It's funny, but you can go around knowing songs and stuff, yet never know who really wrote them.. Well, Rich Mullins was one of those to me. Until Doc found me wanting.. Thanks again, buddy.

This is the real stuff. No plastic Jesus in here.

Richard Wayne Mullins (October 21, 1955 – September 19, 1997) was an American Christian music singer and songwriter born in Richmond, Indiana. He was killed in a jeep accident in September 1997.

This recording is a "Remembering Rich Mullins" - Radioshow, and was at a time available on CD from the station itself. Now it's only available as streamed audio from the station's website, and doesn't have the quality that this torrent have. I've combined the two CDs into one folder and tagged and put in a little coverart and stuff..

Now I must turn to [amongst other] Wikipedia to give you some info:

Mullins is best known for his worship songs "Step by Step" (later incorporated into his hit single "Sometimes by Step") and "Awesome God", both of which have been embraced as modern classics by many Christians. Some of his albums are also considered among Christian music's best, including "Winds of Heaven, Stuff of Earth" (1988), "The World As Best As I Remember It, Volume One" (1991) and "A Liturgy, A Legacy, & A Ragamuffin Band" (1993). [Recommended strongly. V]

Rich Mullins is also remembered for his devotion to the Christian faith, which was often an inspiration to others.

Here's a quote by Mullins from another place:

“Never forget what Jesus did for you. Never take lightly what it cost Him. And never assume that if it cost Him His very life, that it won’t also cost you yours.”

His faith can be understood by a quote he gave at a concert shortly before his death. He stated that:

"Jesus said whatever you do to the least of these my brothers you’ve done it to me.
And this is what I’ve come to think: That if I want to identify fully with Jesus Christ, who I claim to be my Savior and Lord, the best way that I can do that is to identify with the poor.

This I know will go against the teachings of all the popular evangelical preachers. But they’re just wrong. They’re not bad, they’re just wrong.

Christianity is not about building an absolutely secure little niche in the world where you can live with your perfect little wife and your perfect little children in a beautiful little house where you have no gays or minority groups anywhere near you.

Christianity is about learning to love like Jesus loved and Jesus loved the poor and Jesus loved the broken...."(concert recording cuts off at this moment, losing any further context for this particular quote)

Well, do you think it's worth the download?

Love from Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."