Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"What a Catch, Donnie" is Fall Out Boy's second digital download single and third radio single from their fifth studio album Folie à Deux. It was released on October 14, 2008 as an iTunes exclusive single.

It features numerous musicians performing cameo appearances in the song, singing lines from other Fall Out Boy songs. 

The band shot the video for the song on July 1, 2009 with Alan Ferguson. On July 2, guitarist Joe Trohman stated via Twitter that they had finished shooting the video, editing will take place in the next couple days, and the video was released on MTV on August 6, 2009.

The video also includes Spencer Smith and Brendon Urie from Panic! at the Disco. The two also appeared in the official music video for Fall Out Boy's A Little Less Sixteen Candles, A Little More Touch Me as some of the dandies, and in the video for Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet

Pete Wentz said in a press statement: - "It is my time to say that we haven't done a video like this before, a video dedicated to someone's death, the death of our best friend and rapper, Dolla (Roderick Anthony Burton II). We hope to shoot the video for What a Catch, Donnie in the same place he was shot and also bring our friends round for the climax."

The official music video was released August 6th on MTV, MTV2, mtvU, and MTV Hits.

The video depicts lead singer Patrick Stump alone at sea trying to find his way home. Throughout most of the video he is fishing, reading in his cabin, playing the piano and suffering from loneliness. Eventually, he finds a seagull trapped in ropes on his ship. He frees and befriends the bird and so the two set sail together and Patrick is no longer lonely. Towards the end of the video, Patrick stops to fish again but finds strange objects such as deer antlers (from Antler Boy in "Sugar, We're Going Down"), a black and white striped jacket (the jacket Patrick wore in "Dance, Dance"), and a bass drum (one of Andy Hurley's drums). Finally, he comes across a sign featuring the letters F, O, and B (the sign from "Thnks fr th Mmrs"). He then looks up and spots a sinking ship. He immediately turns the boat around to rescue the survivors on the lifeboats (who include Joe Trohman, Andy Hurley, Spencer Smith, Brendon Urie, Tony Chaw and everyone else who has worked with Fall Out Boy over the past few years). Once all of the survivors are on the boat, Patrick looks back at the sinking ship and spots Pete Wentz who is sinking along with his vessel. Pete salutes a "thank you" to Patrick and goes down with the ship. Now with plenty of people and getting closer to shore, Patrick then sets free his Seagull friend and watches him fly off with his family into the coast.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

