Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

Moderat - Moderat (Deluxe Edition)

Label: BPitch Control
Catalog#: BPC200 CD DELUXE
Format: CD + Bonus DVD with selected track videos created by Pfadfinderei
Country: Germany
Released: 11 May 2009
Genre: Electronic, Hip Hop
Style: IDM, Dubstep, Techno, Electro
Credits: Produced & Written By - Gernot Bronsert , Sascha Ring , Sebastian Szary

Notes: Deluxe edition of BPC200 CD Basic with two bonus tracks.

01. A New Error
02. Rusty Nails
03. Seamonkey
04. Slow Match
05. 3 Minutes Of
06. Nasty Silence
07. Sick With It
08. Porc #1
09. Porc #2
10. Les Grandes Marches
11. Berlin
12. No. 22
13. Out Of Sight

Bonus tracks (found on deluxe version)
14. Beats Way Sick
15. Rusty Nails (Shackleton Remix)

The trio of Apparat and Modeselektor have once again teamed up to create Moderat, their full-length debut.

The unlikely pairing of electro crunk hipsters Modeselektor and the relatively laidback Sascha Ring only yielded an EP in 2002 when they got together to collaborate on some music. And when their solo careers took off, the idea of joining forces was shelved indefinitely. Late last year, however, they found themselves with some time on their hands and got back in the studio once again to craft Moderat, an all-analog album recorded in the same Berlin studio that housed David Bowie as he put Heroes to tape.

Per usual, the collaborators have invited even more collaborators. On vocal duties, we have Paul St. Hilaire, indie rapper Busdriver, Dellé and Ring himself. And, as if that weren't enough outside help, lead single "Rusty Nails" will feature remixes from Booka Shade and Shackleton, while Modeselektor's visual buddies Pfadfinderei will provide a music videos and more exclusive content for a planned DVD release of the album.