. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                    This.Is.Jinsy.S01.Pilot.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.03.05
              Genre...........: Comedy

       Pilot

       Comedy pilot written by and starring Justin Chubb and Chris Bran 
       as Maven and Sporrall - the hapless adminstrators of Jinsy Island. 
       They watch over the residents, carrying out the instructions of 
       the unseen but all-powerful 'Great He', dispensing punishment, 
       propaganda and pelch to the 762 inhabitants of Jinsy.
       
       Maven is agitated by a dirty spoon and is given the honour of 
       making the inaugural speech at the ceremony linking Jinsy to Old 
       Jinsy - a mythic place populated by barely civilised natives who 
       speak in an obscure language that very few people understand. 
       Maven tasks Sporrall with translating his speech. An unwise 
       decision, as things turn out.
       
       Along the way we meet a host of other islanders - local folk 
       dribber Melody Lane, The Seagulls, Island reporter Jesric 
       Underdone and old fishermen Jeth and Juth. They are joined by 
       disgraced historian Letley Orridge, the rebellious Mr Cooshay and 
       weather monk Tracee Henge.
       
       Will Sporrall find a way to translate the speech? Will the natives 
       of Old Jinsy give the joining ceremony their traditional welcome? 
       And will Maven ever find a spoon clean enough to satisfy his 
       elevated hygiene standards?


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai