Family Guy - Season 01

Series: Family Guy
DVD release: April 15, 2003
Network: Fox
No. of episodes: 7
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit rate: 135kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

--------------------------------------------------


S01E01 - Death Has a Shadow
Peter applies for welfare to support his family after losing his job. He receives a welfare check for $150,000 due to a misplaced decimal point, and uses his new-found wealth to buy lavish gifts for his family. Lois is upset when she discovers his welfare application after receiving a new welfare check in the mail. Peter attempts to make her happy by dropping his extra welfare money out of a blimp above Super Bowl XXXIII. Peter and Brian are arrested by security guards and prosecuted for welfare fraud. At the courthouse, Lois pleads with the judge not to imprison Peter. Stewie, who grudgingly comes to realize his dependence on his parents, uses a mind control device on the judge, who reconsiders their sentence.

S01E02 - I Never Met the Dead Man
Peter knocks out Quahog's cable transmitter while driving Meg home. Distraught, Peter resolves to steal the transmitter so he can have television in his house and convinces Meg to take the blame for the outage. The device is stolen by Stewie, who intends to use it to control the weather. Peter attaches a cardboard cutout in front of his face to pretend that the world is a television program. Meg, tired of public scorn, reveals the truth behind the cable outage; the citizens of Quahog threaten Peter with violence, but he is saved by Lois. Peter takes his family on recreational outings, but the family grows tired of the constant physical activity, prompting Peter to go on the outings with William Shatner. After the weather machine creates a huge rainstorm, Meg and Lois drive around searching for Peter, and Meg runs over Shatner and Peter; Peter is hospitalized. Peter watches television while he recovers, and becomes addicted to it once again.

S01E03 - Chitty Chitty Death Bang
Peter accidentally loses the reservation for Stewie's first birthday party at a local restaurant, and must create a new party. Meanwhile, Stewie misinterprets the meaning of "birthday" and assumes that the same mysterious "Man in White" who delivered him as an infant will be returning to force him back into Lois' womb. Peter fails to put together a party in time for Stewie's birthday, and reroutes a circus parade into the Griffins' backyard. Peter gives Meg permission to go to a "party" at her friend's house, not realizing that it is a cult meeting where the members will commit mass suicide by drinking poisoned punch. Peter retrieves Meg before the cult members drink the punch. The cult leader notices that Meg did not drink; he puts on his white robe and goes to the Griffins' house. Stewie traps and kills the cult leader, thinking he is the "Man in White".

S01E04 - Mind Over Murder
Stewie has begun teething; Lois explains to him that the pain will pass with time, so he decides to build a time machine. Lois asks Peter to take Chris to a soccer game. At the game, Peter punches a pregnant woman, and is put under house arrest. Peter decides to open a bar in his basement so that his friends will come to visit. The bar becomes a hot spot and Lois becomes upset until she has the opportunity to sing at the bar. Peter becomes jealous and gets his friend's wives to drag them out out of the bar. A cigarette starts a fire; when Peter and Lois finally become aware of it and attempt to escape, Stewie's time machine takes everyone back to the point in the episode when Lois asks Peter to take Chris to the game. This time, Peter trips over the time machine and destroys it.

S01E05 - A Hero Sits Next Door
After Peter injures the Happy-Go-Lucky Toy Factory's new employee Guillermo during softball practice, he is forced by Mr. Weed to find a replacement for the upcoming softball game. Meanwhile, Lois meets the Griffin family's new neighbors, the Swansons. Peter is initially annoyed by Joe Swanson and has no interest in becoming his friend, but convinces Joe to play for the softball team once Lois mentions that he played baseball in college. Next morning at the game, Peter is surprised to learn that Joe is wheelchair-bound. Joe's experience helps the team win. Peter becomes jealous of Joe and tries to become a hero by stopping a robbery; he ends up as a hostage until Joe convinces the robbers to surrender. Peter is disappointed, but his family tells him that he is their hero.

S01E06 - The Son Also Draws
Chris is ejected from the Youth Scouts when he runs over the troop leader. Although Chris dislikes scouts and prefers drawing, he fears telling Peter. When Peter finds out, he drives the family to the scout headquarters in Manhattan to get Chris readmitted. On a rest stop at a Native American casino, Lois becomes a gambling addict and loses the family car. Since each Native American receives a share of the casino profits, Peter pretends to be a Native American, and he is sent on a vision quest to prove his heritage. Chris accompanies Peter to explain that he only likes drawing. Delirious from hunger, Peter begins talking to anthropomorphic trees and has a vision of his spiritual guide, the Fonz. Peter recognizes his son's talent for drawing; they return to the casino and reclaim the car.

S01E07 - Brian: Portrait of a Dog
Brian enters a dog show at his own expense to earn the Griffin family money to buy a new air conditioner, but quits during the show after taking offense when Peter puts a bone biscuit on his nose. He temporarily runs away from the family but is caught and returned to the Griffin household by the police. Peter is fined and argues with Brian, who eventually decides to leave the family. Peter soon searches for Brian, who has been ridiculed by the community and has slowly become unstable. Peter finds him in the streets of Quahog attacking its citizens, but arrives too late, and Brian is arrested. Brian is given a death sentence, but Peter delivers an emotional appeal on Brian's behalf, and the charges are dropped. Brian achieves the respect of the townspeople.

--------------------------------------------------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp