mastitorrents.com 
http://mastitorrents.com/forums/index.php


Synopsis:

Abohomaan (or eternal) is the story of Aniket (Dipankar Dey), a great film director, who, early in his career had found the woman to play the lead role in his magnum opus film on Nati Binodini. Instead of making the film, he married her. His wife Deepti (Mamata Shankar), decides to forego her career and instead devotes herself to Aniket and his son Apratim (Jishu Sengupta).

Then late in his career, Aniket comes across Shikha (Ananya Chatterjee), a young woman from a deprived backgroud, who bears an uncanny resemblance to Deepti when she was young and starts thinking of making Binodini again. Deepti too is struck by the resemblance and throws herself uninhibitedly into grooming Shikha, even coining her screen name (Srimati). But Aniket finds himself increasingly drawn to Shikha/Srimati and their affair causes immense stress to the family and in interpersonal relations in which no one remains untouched...

Comments:
The synopsis does not even begin to to explain the underlying theme of the film. The film has a very complex structure. When we start the film, Aniket has passed away and a good part of the film is devoted to his last days. Another section deals with the time Aniket meets Shikha and the third when thrir relationship tears apart the fabric of Aniket's home. Rituparno tells his story through a series of flashbacks, in which scenes are interwoven, not in a timed sequence, but as raw emotions overtake the protagonists. It is a complex interweave, a bit like a patchwork quilt, and the lay viewer will find it difficult to cut through the individual scenes and concentrate on the big picture.

At the same time, the film is a study of how each character copes with the circumstances that he faces. It is also Rituparno's interpretation of the life of Nati Binodini and her relations with her teacher and muse Girish Chandra Ghosh. Rituparno's Binodini is not the heroic woman who sacrifices herself for the sake of theater, but also a cruel scheming woman, who seeks to establish herself above everything else. I did say the film is complex
didn't I?

I thought the screenplay overreached itself at times. It is replete with unnatural reactions and at times the detail work falters. Take for example two scenes. In his dying moments Deepti goes to Aniket - he had asked for Srimati and everyone thought it was Shikha, but Deepti who knows him better than anyone else, understands that it is really her that Aniket is referring to. In a brilliant sequence of wordplay, Aniket, in his dying moments, tells Deepti that their life together has been "Apratim" or incomparable and she understands. Yet she is shown as the embittered wife just after his death. The two sequences are not quite in synch. The complexity of the screenplay creates such discordant notes more than once. At other times, the reactions of the protagonists are a bit unnatural. I was particularly struck by the unrestrained behaviour of Tiya, Apratim's wife (Riya Sen). People in those circumstances do not behave hysterically and threaten to walk out even while the body of the deceased has not been taken to the cremation ground. They might do it a day or so later, but not just then.

Acting is brilliant. I have never seen such nuanced acting from Dipankar De. Mamata Shankar is also brilliant. It must be one of her greatest roles. For me the revelation was Jishu Sengupta. His quiet restrained acting brings out the complex father-son realtionship with amazing clarity.

Editing by Arghyakamal is superb. Camraworkis very good, if a trifle predictable. The music is great, complimenting the screenplay.

Overall a brilliantly crafted film, in which the structure of the film has become a little more important than the story it seeks to tell. I don't think this is Rituparno's best. I liked Dosar more, for example. Nevertheless a very watchable film and one which makes you think at every stage.