ADOBE FLASH CS5 TRAINING MANUAL FOR WINDOWS & MAC

Adobe Flash Professional CS5 Classroom in a Book

Those creative professionals seeking the fastest, easiest, most comprehensive way to learn Adobe Flash Professional CS5 choose Adobe Flash Professional CS5 Classroom in a Book from the Adobe Creative Team at Adobe Press. The 10 project-based lessons in this book show readers step-by-step the key techniques for working in Flash CS5.

Readers learn what they need to know to create engaging interactive content with Flash CS5. In addition to learning the key elements of the Flash interface, including panels, timelines, and frames, readers learn how to work with graphics, create and edit symbols, modify text, add interactivity with ActionScript 3.0, and incorporate animation and sound into their projects. They also learn how to prepare and export their finished projects for publishing. This completely revised CS5 edition covers the new text engine, Deco drawing tools, Spring feature for inverse kinematics, video enhancements, and more.

The companion DVD includes lesson files so readers can work along with the book, as well as 2 hours of video tutorials from 'Learn Adobe Flash Professional CS5 by Video' from video2brain and Adobe Press.

The Classroom in a Book series is by far the best training material on the market. Everything you need to master the software is included: clear explanations of each lesson, step-by-step instructions, and the project files for the students.Barbara Binder, Adobe Certified Instructor, Rocky Mountain Training

Classroom in a Book, the best-selling series of hands-on software training workbooks, helps you learn the features of Adobe software quickly and easily. Classroom in a Book offers what no other book or training program does an official training series from Adobe Systems Incorporated, developed with the support of Adobe product experts.

You can use the free acrobat reader to view this or;

Adobe Acrobat X Pro; 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5961888

Adobe Acrobat 9 Pro;         
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5628228

Adobe Acrobat 9 Pro Extended;         
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5130222

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ADOBE FLASH CS5 PROFESSIONAL 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5533343

