John Mayall - Jazz Blues Fusion, Live 
Year: 1972
Label: Polydor (1996)
Total time: 45:18
Bitrate: 320 kbps

This is an outstanding reissue that deserves a listen by all blues fans.  Mayall's legacy may well be assembling and recognizing talent long before those individual's move on to become household names.  Here however, Mayall keeps the formula simple by adding the trumpet of Blue Mitchel and Sax of Clifford Solomon with the guitar of Freddy Robinson and the precussion of Ron Selico for some fantastic, ahead of its time, Blues with a Jazz flavor.  Stand outs are the Trumpet led "Good Times Boogie" and the jam, "Exercise In C Major For Harmonica" If you missed it the first time around on vinyl, be sure and pick it up on CD.  Simply outstanding.  ~ deepbluereview, Amazon. com

I had long given up thinking this jewel would ever be released on CD.  There is something about this record that just "works".  It is a combination of Mayall's legendary ability to gather great talent and an exceptional live performance that really cooks.  The "Good Times Boogie" cut is magical in its ability to remove you from reality. 
I was quite small when I first heard this album and it made me a blues fan for life.  I enjoy all music genres and this is one of my top 10 recordings.  I do not tire of playing it and I always wonder what it would have been like to have been at the actual performance when such talent was firing on all cylinders.  The album title is a bit misleading, the tracks are mostly blues in rhythm and chord progressions, but with jazz overtones expertly scattered about.  This is John Mayall's finest work.  ~ George Woodard "His Geekness"

Personnel:
John Mayall (Guitar, Harmonica and Vocals) 
Blue Mitchell (Trumpet) 
Clifford Solomon (Saxophones) 
Larry Taylor (Bass Guitar) 
Ron Selico (Percussion) 
Freddy Robinson (Guitar) 

John Mayall - Jazz Blues Fusion, Live Tracks:
01  Country Road 7:16 
02  Mess Around 2:51 
03  Good Times Boogie 9:17 
04  Change Your Ways 3:45 
05  Dry Throat 6:39 
06  Exercise In C Major For Harmonica 8:32 
07  Got To Be This Way 6:54 
All compositions by John Mayall