Fight Night 2004 for the Ps2                                       Rel. 04/05/2004


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Sports, Boxing.
Rating:        T (Teen)
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

Fight Night is EA Sports new boxing series, replacing the previous Knockout Kings line of games.

You have the option of creating your own personalized boxer, and entering a career mode, where you start off on the lowest rung in dirty, rundown gyms, as you make your way up the ropes to become the undisputed champion. Throughout your career you will have to battle many enemies, all vying for the same title. As you play, you will be able to train, improving your boxer's stats. You can hit a punching bag to increase power and speed, spar with an opponent for more stamina and agility, attack the dummy to improve chin and body, or hit the mitts to improve heart and cut. Besides career mode, you have access to the standard modes.

Fight Night 2004 features the "Total Control" system, which utilizes both sticks to give you complete precision over your boxer's moves. The right analog stick controls all the punching, and the left stick 
controls movement and defense/blocks.

There are several unlockables available, all of which must be earned through career mode. You can buy new clothes, entrance music, even new girls to accompany you to the ring.

As with all other EA Sports titles, Fight Night 2004 utilizes the EA Sports Bio, which tracks your progress through all EA Sports games. The more games you play, the longer you play them, and the better you do translates into a higher Gamer Level. When you reach certain levels, you can unlock special rewards.


Features:

* All-New Total Punch Control — Hammer the competition with this innovative new 
  feature — the right thumbstick becomes an intuitive extension of your fists, 
  giving you total control of every punch.

* Stick and Move — Use the thumbsticks to bob and weave, block punches, and
  frustrate opponents by shutting down and countering their attacks.

* Be the Ultimate Fighting Machine — Create a fighter who looks exactly like you
  in Career mode,and work your way from amateur to title contender to undisputed 
  champion.

* Rearrange Faces — Realistic damage effects show the freshly inflicted cuts and 
  swelling resulting from each punch.

* Customize Your Ring Entrance — Psych out your opponent, show your personality, 
  and win over the crowd with your hand-chosen music, special effects, and
  entourage.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!