Title: Baarìa
Year: 2009
Country: Italy / France
Audio: Sicilian and Italian and English
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Comedy / History / Drama / War
Runtime: 150 min 
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1081935/

Directed by: Giuseppe Tornatore

Starring: Francesco Scianna ...  Peppino Torrenuova 
 Margareth Madè ...  Mannina 
 Raoul Bova ...  Roman journalist 
 Giorgio Faletti ...  Corteccia 
 Leo Gullotta ...  Liborio 
 Nicole Grimaudo ...  Sarina as a girl 
 Gabriele Lavia ...  Teacher 
 Ángela Molina ...  Sarina 
 Enrico Lo Verso ...  Minicu 


Synopis: Giuseppe Tornatore directed this grand-scale portrait of life and love over several decades in a small town in Sicily. The Torrenuovas are a family of peasant shepherds who have lived and worked in Bagheria though many generations. In the years before the rise of Mussolini, the family often found themselves working for Don Giacinto (Lollo Franco), a local tycoon who often used his power and position to take advantage of others. Young Peppino Torrenuova senses a profound injustice in the way Don Giacinto treats his elders, and as the years pass the young man becomes a passionate advocate for social change. Once he grows to be a man, Peppino (Francesco Scianna) falls in love with beautiful Mannina (Margareth Made) and they get married, starting a family of their own over the objections of Mannia's parents, who believe she can do better. As Peppino throws in his lot with the local Communist party and works to make life better for his fellow peasants, we see a number of important historical events through his eyes and watch the fortunes of his town and his family rise and fall. Featuring guest appearances by Monica Bellucci, Raoul Bova and Donatella Finocchiaro, Baaria was the opening night attraction at the 2009 Venice International Film Festival. (All Movie Guide)


This movie was nominated for Golden Globe 2010, and represents Italy in the Oscar 2010.


Subtitle in Brazilian Portuguese (made by Suzy.it and Le&Genda): 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3635242/baaria-pb

ENGLISH SUBS: SEE IN THE COMMENTS BELOW.
 

Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                      
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ
