Purple Rhinestone Eagle formed in the summer of 2005 in West Philadelphia. To the astonishment of a scene that generally associated female musicians with power pop and folk, Purple Rhinestone Eagle turned many heads with their big, bold rock-n-roll sound and energetic live performances. The band quickly gained a dedicated following in the DIY Philly/NY show circuit. After their first US east coast tour supporting New Bloods (Kill Rock Stars) in April 2007, the trio relocated to Portland, OR September 2007.

In March 2008 they recorded an epic six-song demo with feminist queer rock pioneer Radio Sloan (The Need, Peaches) at her home studio, The Haunted Mansion in Portland, OR. November 2008 the ladies recorded at The Pool Recording Studio with Alex Yusimov (Mississippi Records, Red Herring) for an album entitled “Amorum Tali”, released on Eolian Records, released in March 2009. The band has just completed recording their most current album, a full length entitled “The Great Return”, set to be released in late July 2010 on Stank House Records.

Musically and stylistically, Purple Rhinestone Eagle draws a lot of inspiration from the heavy “tripped out” sights and sounds that came out of late 60s and early 70s rock-n-roll. Socially, they are motivated by the DIY ethics of early punk. Very much a live band, Purple Rhinestone Eagle turn heads at every show they play. Ashley is a powerhouse on the drums. Morgan’s electric fuzzed out bass lines are unforgettable. Andrea’s guitar shredding abilities leaves jaws dropped. Their lyrics cross a wide terrain of subjects. Often in songs they delve into the mystical and metaphysical but also the political and the many facets of love and sex.

Between various seasonal tours and in-town shows, Purple Rhinestone Eagle are embarking on their fifth US tour and first European tour late summer 2010 in support of their new album.

Purple Rhinestone Eagle is:

Andrea Genevieve – guitar, vocals
Morgan Ray Denning – bass, backing vocals
shley Spungin – drums, backing vocals

Review
Since moving from Philadelphia in 2007, lady-sludge trio Purple Rhinestone Eagle has made a lot of noise. I mean that in the most literal sense—the band’s towering live shows and heavy, Black Sabbath-with-a-sense-of-humor sound usually crush anything in its path. But on PRE’s new full-length, The Great Return, it’s the songs that forgo the distortion pedal that really shine.

The Great Return still features plenty of pummeling riffage, but it’s varied enough you can’t really call it metal. The band has never sounded better than on the seven-minute minimal punk workout “Scorpio Moon,” which erupts from some seriously sexy low-end and drummer Ashley Spungin’s rumbling percussion into a wandering rock song once Andrea Genevieve’s piercing guitar cuts through two minutes in. “Scorpio Moon”—along with the primal rhythms and stop-start bass line of “As Life Leaves You”—brings to mind the Slits, or even Explode Into Colors (R.I.P.), at their most ferocious. There’s even a track of woodland folk, the whimsical “Hey Lady of the Forests,” that features, you guessed it, a flute solo.

Still, it’s not like PRE has gotten all wussy on us: Opener “No Space Nukes” almost overwhelms the rest of the record with its fuzzed-out guitar and Genevieve’s dark wail, and the stomping “The Queen of Rain and Gray” is certainly an appropriate song for the band’s hometown. When the band wants to be heavy, it thrashes with the best of ’em—the quieter moments only make the ripping solos sound even louder. 
written by MICHAEL MANNHEIMER

Genre = Stoner Metal / Stoner Rock / Psychedelic 
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 192 kbps
File Size = 61.53 MB

Tracklist
01. No Space Nukes
02. The Queen of Rain and Gray
03. As Life Leaves You
04. The Sex Of Pentacles
05. Burn It Down
06. Scorpio Moon
07. Her Lady Of The Forests
08. Thirteen Cycles
09. Crown Cobra (The Snake Is Awake)