JAPAN - Oil On Canvas (1983)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD.
Number of tracks: 29.
Playlists: original 15 track double album + studio versions.

Allmusic.com:
"The final Japan release was sold and marketed as a live album, though actually it's a bit of a catchall — it is indeed mostly from concerts, but also includes a variety of studio instrumentals and a re-recorded version of "Nightporter" mixed in to sound like it's part of the show. The various re-releases of the albums over the years confused matters further, with re-sequencings, the excision of cuts, and more adding to general confusion about the release (not to mention the fact that some reissues completely omitted where the shows were recorded anyway!). Two of the instrumentals, "Oil on Canvas" itself and "Temple of Dawn," are brief, gentle pieces by Sylvian and Barbieri respectively. "Voices Raised in Welcome, Hands Held in Prayer" is a more involving effort, combining a quiet, gamelan-inspired rhythm with found-sound samples from what appears to be a religious ceremony. As for "Nightporter," it's a nice enough new version but isn't notably different or varied from the earlier studio take. The remaining live cuts show that the exquisite tension and serene sounds in the studio were easily transferred to the stage in all their elegant complexity. The Tin Drum selections, which make up most of the release, make the case even more that Japan was as much a prog band as a glam one, Sylvian's captivating vocals flowing over Asian-derived scales and melodies, the guitar parts handled by guest performer Masami Tsuchiya, who also plays some keyboards. "Visions of China" sounds especially grand, Jansen's entrancing drumming seemingly impossible to be created and yet clearly existing. The extended introduction to "Ghosts," Karn's saxophone welling up from the distance like a siren call, is another highlight, along with the slightly rocked-up — but only just — "Methods of Dance." 



TRACK LIST

Oil On Canvas
==============

01. Oil On Canvas

02. Sons Of Pioneers (Live)

03. Gentlemen Take Polaroids (Live)

04. Swing (Live)

05. Cantonese Boy (Live)

06. Visions of China (Live)

07. Ghosts (Live)

08. Voices Raised In Welcome, Hands Held In Prayer

09. Nightporter ('Live')

10. Still Life in Mobile Homes (Live)

11. Methods of Dance (Live)

12. Quiet Life (Live)

13. The Art of Parties (Live)

14. Canton (Live)

15. Temple of Dawn

+

Studio versions:

16. Sons Of Pioneers
 
17. Gentlemen Take Polaroids

18. Swing

19. Cantonese Boy

20. Visions of China

21. Ghosts

22. Voices Raised In Welcome, Hands Held In Prayer (Edit)

23. Nightporter

24. Still Life in Mobile Homes

25. Methods of Dance

26. Quiet Life

27. The Art of Parties

28. Canton

29. Temple of Dawn (Edit)


Enjoy and - most importantly - share with your fellow man. A special thanks to all of you out there who have both downloaded and seeded these torrents so far.




