Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Melissa" is a song written in 1967 by Gregg Allman and Steve Alaimo. It was first recorded by The 31st of February – an early band comprising the Allman brothers, Greg and Duane – in September 1968 at TK Studios, Hialeah, United States for the their second album produced by Alaimo, which was never completed. The result of those sessions where subsequently released in May 1972 on an album entitled Duane & Greg Allman. In the meantime it had been re-recorded by Greg and Duane's new band, The Allman Brothers Band and released on the Eat a Peach album in February 1972. The song was again recorded at TK Studios, this time produced by Tom Dowd and engineered by Richard Finch, TK's budding teenage recording studio prodigy and future co-founder of KC and the Sunshine Band.

"Crossroads -- will you ever let him go,
or will you hide the dead man's ghost?
Lord, will he lie beneath the clay,
or will his spirit float away?"

The lines may be a reference to Duane Allman. He died as the result of a collision he had with an oncoming truck at a crossroads in Macon. It was his favorite song that his brother wrote, so Gregg played it alone at his funeral.

The lines may also be a reference to blues legend Robert Johnson. In blues folklore it is supposed that Robert Johnson sold his soul to the devil at a county crossroads in the Delta. Coincidentally he died at a county crossroads near Greenwood, Mississippi of debated causes.

The song was not written for a woman named Melissa. The song was written before Gregg came up with the name. He said he was standing in line at a grocery store when he overheard a woman yelling to her young daughter who had scampered off, "Oh, Melissa! Melissa, come back, Melissa". He liked the name and decided it was a perfect fit for the song.

"Melissa" has enjoyed renewed popularity in the 2000s due to its feature in a commercial for Cingular/AT&T Wireless cell phone company and the use of it in a scene in Brokeback Mountain. It was prominently featured in the 2005 film House of D, performed by both the Allman Brothers and Erykah Badu.

The Dave Matthews Band occasionally covers "Melissa" in concert. A version with Gregg Allman guesting on vocals appears on their live album, Live at Piedmont Park.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

