bbc Mind your language with embedded english subtitles

Mind your language 01-05_PocketPC.avi
Mind Your Language 06-11_PocketPC.avi
Mind Your Language 1 12-13 2 1 3-4_PocketPC.avi
Mind Your Language 2 2 6-8 3 1 _PocketPC.avi

Mind Your Language is a British comedy television series, that premiered on ITV in late 1977. Produced by LWT and directed by Stuart Allen, it is set in a school for adult students in London, focusing on the English as a Foreign Language class taught by Mr. Jeremy Brown, portrayed by Barry Evans, who had to deal with a motley crew of foreigners. Three series were made by LWT between 1977—79, and the show was briefly revived in 1986 with some of the original cast.

 
http://www.classictelly.com/programme.php?Programme=Mind%20Your%20Language

10 Akugbe Egbeni from United States: Wow!
I just decided to see if I could get any information about this programme and I feel as if I've discovered a treasure!
I watched this programme in Nigeria as a little girl in the eighties and it made me and my sisters laugh and laugh. I haven't watched it since '82 or '83 I think. I can still hear Ali say 'a thousand apologies', or is it Ranjeet? I was so young then. My favourite episode is the one when the students were expecting the Queen and unknowingly welcomed her look-alike, who actually came to see her husband in the wood-work class!
9 Linda from Newcastle Upon Tyne: I'll never forget Miss Courtney and Mr Brown and all the students — still see some of them pop up on tv at times. Fond memories!!!
8 Karen from Sheffield: As i was born in the 80's i never saw Mind Your Language when it was originally aired. But one Sunday morning when it was on my Mum told me it was good so I watched it and whenever it is on.
7 Kyoko Ideguchi from Japan (now in London): I like Mind Your Language very much! I used to watch Mind Your Language in Japan. Now I am in London and I am looking for an English school and a teacher like Mr. Brown.
6 Biniam Bililign from USA: This show is my favirote show of all times. I remember every detail of the show watching it while I was growing up in ethiopia.
5 Allen Reavie from N Ireland: I used to watch MYL years ago on a Saturday evening with my parents. Whilst I am probably too young to remember it all, I thought the titles and theme music was great.
4 Adrian from Australia: I used to love watching Mind Your Language when I was a kid, it's one of the funniest shows that I remember from my childhood days. My favourite character was Ali. What a fantastic show, now I tape every episode to keep forever.
3 Craig from Australia: Mind Your Language is THE best show ever on telly bar none!
Especially, the performance of Barry Evans as Mr Brown & the funniest bloke in the show is Juam!!
2 John from Bath: Mind Your Language is a true classic which I enjoyed during my childhood. Are there any good links to what happened to the cast of this sitcom? Please publish them on this website if they exist. Thanks!!
1 Steven Evans from Kent: I love this programme because it was on when i was still young and at school and brings back some great memories and tv programmes are not made like this one anymore!