EVEREST Ultimate Edition is an industry leading system diagnostics and benchmarking solution for enthusiasts PC users, based on the award-winning EVEREST Technology. During system optimizations and tweaking it provides essential system and overclock information, advanced hardware monitoring and diagnostics capabilities to check the effects of the applied settings. CPU, FPU and memory benchmarks are available to measure the actual system performance and compare it to previous states or other systems. Furthermore, complete software, operating system and security information makes EVEREST Ultimate Edition a comprehensive system diagnostics tool that offers a total of 100 pages of information about your PC.

Features:
» Accurate low-level information about motherboard and CPU
» Detailed information about the video adapter, video drivers and monitor
» Information about all storage devices
» Exhaustive information about network adapters, multimedia and input devices
» Information about PCI, PnP, PCMCIA and USB devices
» Detailed Windows information, including operating system installation date, product key and more
» Information about network shares, users and groups list and more
» Large amount of information about networking status, remote access, mailing accounts and more
» Detailed information about installed programs, scheduled tasks and startup programs
» Operating system security information
» Firewall, anti-spyware and anti-trojan software list
» System Stability Test
» CPUID Panel
» Hardware monitoring
» Sensor icons feature to display actual system temperature and voltage values on the System Tray
» CPU and FPU benchmarks
» Memory benchmarking
» Disk Benchmark module
» Detection of possible hardware and software misconfiguration and compatibility issues
» Report Wizard
» Report e-mailing and printing

New features in EVEREST version 5.00:
» Improved Hardware Monitoring module with Alerting feature
» Support for Intel Core i7, Intel Atom and AMD Phenom II processors
» Support for OpenGL 3.0 with OpenGL version compliancy test
» Support for Windows 7 and a new auto-load feature under Windows Vista
» Extended audio information: OpenAL and High Definition Audio pages
» New information page for installed Windows Vista Sidebar Gadgets
» GPGPU devices information for ATI Stream and nVIDIA CUDA


Changes in this version:
* Temperature, voltage, fan speed, current and power consumption monitoring for the Gigabyte Odin GT series power supply units.
* nVIDIA SLI information under Windows Vista and Windows 7.
* Full support for Logitech G19 keyboard with QVGA color LCD (Ultimate Edition only).
* GPU information for nVIDIA GeForce 9600 GT Green Edition, GeForce G 103M and GeForce GTX 275 video chips.
* CPU clock measurement and benchmarks for Intel Core i7 "Bloomfield" and Xeon "Nehalem-EP" processors under Windows 7.
* Logical drive free space monitoring and alerting (Corporate Edition only).
* Temperature measurement for Fujitsu hard disk drives.
* Anti-virus software details for AntiVir Personal, AntiVir Premium, PC Tools AntiVirus and PC Tools Internet Security.
* Improved temperature monitoring on Apple iMac, MacBook and Mac Pro systems.

OS Windows 95/98/Me/NT4/2000/XP/x64/PE/Server 2003/Vista/x64/Server 2008/R2/Windows 7

Activated    Tested And Working    License to 4/7/2020

Enjoy
