Hostage Negotiations

Date: 11-13-10
Host: Ian Punnett
Guests: Gary Noesner

Gary Noesner, retired FBI hostage negotiator for 23 years, was the first person to run the Bureau's Crisis Negotiation Unit. He joined Ian Punnett to talk about his career working in tense stand-off situations with criminals and terrorists.



Foreclosuregate

Date: 11-14-10
Host: Ian Punnett
Guests: Greg Hunter

Ian Punnett welcomed investigative reporter Greg Hunter, who detailed how foreclosure mills are creating massive amounts of counterfeit promissory notes, so banks could legally foreclose on homeowners. "When you start drilling down on this, you're going to find all kinds of malfeasance," he declared. However, Hunter lamented, unlike the Savings and Loan crisis of the 1980's which saw about 1,000 people sent to jail, the current financial debacle has yet to yield any indictments, despite being forty times bigger. "Not a single person has been charged criminally," he marveled, "with what I think is the biggest fraud in all of history."

Hunter explained that promissory notes are a critical aspect of the unfolding Forclosuregate. These notes, he said, are supposed to act as proof that the bank has the right to collect on a mortgage. However, Hunter revealed, as the larger banks purchased mortgages in bundles, many of these promissory notes were lost. Likening the notes to physical dollars, Hunter pointed out that they are "financial instruments," and, thus, cannot be recreated or copied for official use. As such, he cautioned homeowners who are currently paying a mortgage that "you don't know what they're going to say at the end of 15, 20, 30 years of you paying." Along those lines, he shared one troubling tale of a man who paid off his mortgage and was then told that the deed to his home was essentially lost in the mire of the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac meltdown.

Looking ahead to the future, Hunter warned about what he called "the Fed's biggest fear." He noted that many adjustable rate mortgages will be recast over the next year, resulting in a massive increase in payments for homeowners, peaking in November of 2011. However, the stream of income from the homeowners must continue in order to maintain the economy. Therefore, Hunter theorized that the Fed will take a number of dangerous steps in order to "keep interest rates artificially low until this clears out." This course of action would result in people staying in their homes and still paying their mortgages, but would also "destroy the dollar while you're doing it."




Time Travel & Cosmology

Date: 11-15-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: J. Richard Gott, Michael S. Roberts, Douglas Hagmann

Professor of astrophysics at Princeton University, J. Richard Gott spoke about his studies of cosmology, his work with the physics of time travel, and the need for space colonization. Working on the Sloan Survey of the universe, his measurement of what came to be called the Sloan Great Wall was listed in the Guinness World Records as the largest structure in the universe. The structure is a chain or filament that connects various galaxy clusters together, running some 1.37 billion light years across, he detailed.

We know from looking at the dinosaurs, there are definite extinction events that can wipe out entire species-- so we need to have some "lifeboats," for the human race, he said. "The goal of the space program...should be to increase our survival prospects by colonizing space, as a life insurance policy against anything bad that might happen on Earth," he continued. We should plant a colony on Mars, while the space program is intact, he urged.

Based on Einstein's theory of relativity, time travel to the future is known to be possible and people are doing it in a small way today, Gott pointed out. In the future, if someone could take a spaceship at near the speed of light to a destination 500 light years away, when they returned to Earth, 1,000 years would have passed, but because they were traveling so fast, it would have only been 10 years for them. A small example of this effect can be seen with astronaut Sergei Krikalev, who by virtue of his many space flights, has aged 1/48th of a second less than he would have if he'd stayed on the Earth.

Airport Body Scanners
First hour guest, security expert Douglas Hagmann talked about the TSA's new whole-body security scan, which has been drawing increased complaints. "Instead of treating every passenger as a potential terrorist," we should use profiling and then select those individuals to undergo the increased security checks, he commented. Pilot Michael Roberts, who recently refused both the body scan and physical frisking, also joined the discussion.




UFO Sightings & Investigations

Date: 11-16-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: William J. Birnes, Richard C. Hoagland

Author, magazine publisher, and host of the History Channel's UFO Hunters, William J. Birnes discussed recent and classic UFO cases, researchers, and the field of ufology itself. For his newest book, Aliens in America, a kind of travel guide to UFO hotspots, he chose cases that met four different criteria-- multiple, credible witnesses, physical trace evidence, government documentation, and government attempts at debunking/disinformation. One such case was the Betty & Barney Hill incident. Among the pieces of evidence was a star map drawn by Betty Hill, showing where one of the alien abductors told her they came from-- thought by some to be the Zeta Reticuli star system.

Birnes also touched on a 1984 UFO sighting at the Indian Point nuclear power plant in New York's Hudson Valley, in which a huge triangular craft hovered over the complex. Since that time the US military has been developing craft that have the ability to throw projections, seem to move at lightning speeds, as well as hover, he added. The mainstream media is focusing more on UFOs in recent years, and this may be due to monetary reasons, as the topic can be a big draw for websites and TV shows, he noted.

According to a witness Birnes interviewed for UFO Hunters, there was a live alien humanoid kept by the Eisenhower administration that survived until the 1960s, and researcher J. Allen Hynek met and communicated with the being. In an episode of UFO Hunters that never aired, they showed a mutilated cow that had a strange fetus with a human head, which might have related to alien hybrids, and testing for mad cow disease, he detailed. Birnes also addressed the controversy surrounding researcher David Jacobs and abductee Emma Woods, which UFO Magazine did a cover story on.

Space News
First hour guest, Richard C. Hoagland talked about several space topics. He reported that the Hayabusa space probe successfully retrieved dust from an asteroid. The purity of the found particles might indicate a type of technology exists on the asteroid they landed on, he suggested. He also weighed in in favor of a one-way colonizing mission to Mars, and opined that the Red Planet may be more Earth-like than is typically thought. Hoagland will be one of the hosts/presenters at the Cruise into 2012 tour in March.




Forbidden Archaeology & Ancient India

Date: 11-17-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: Michael Cremo, Dr. Louis Turi

Dissident intellectual Michael Cremo discussed his continuing work in forbidden archeology and human origins, as well as his study of the ancient history of India. A temple complex in South India houses a particular sacred image, a form of the Hindu god Vishnu. According to the local historical accounts, the image is an extraterrestrial object, originally brought to Earth about 120 million years ago, he detailed. Other countries such as Bali are also said to have similarly ancient objects.

The ancient Vedic cosmological calendar describes vast cycles-- 'days' and 'nights' that last 4 billion years each. We're currently about 2 billion years in of a 'day' cycle, which in turn has 14 different ages. The one we're in now, Kali Yuga, has been described as a time of environmental disturbance, weather extremes, as well as disease and conflict for humanity, Cremo revealed.

With tectonic shifts over vast periods of time, a lot of the evidence for previous civilizations disappears. But there is evidence for very ancient human presence on this planet, including the grooved hematite spheres found in 2-billion year-old layers of rock in South Africa, and Reck's Skeleton, an anatomically modern human found in Olduvai Gorge that dates back to 1.2 million years ago. Attempts by scientists were made to discredit the timeline of Reck's Skeleton by faking radiocarbon dating, Cremo noted.

Turi Forecast
First hour guest, seer Dr. Louis Turi shared his latest forecast, specifying three upcoming dates:

November 24, 2010: Thousands will be forced to relocate due to devastating natural forces.
December 3, 2010: Serious drama involving a killer or terrorist activity, where people will be hurt or killed.
December 21, 2010: A possibility for a tsunami or a 6.5 earthquake.

Note: Dr. Turi will be conducting a Global Teleclass on December 15th.




Planet X & Pole Shift

Date: 11-18-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: Gordon James Gianninoto, Ron Fabiani, Tom Froelich

Attorney, contractor, and ET contactee Gordon James Gianninoto discussed what he knows about Planet X and the coming pole shift and how the government is covering up an imminent global catastrophe. NASA, he said, has known for decades about the rogue body (known as Nibiru or Planet X) and it has shown up in photos taken by their SOHO satellite cameras over the last 7 years. It's in the plane of the ecliptic (Earth's orbit around the Sun), is four times the size of Earth, has hundreds of moons, and is occupied by "selfish extraterrestrials" (the ones Zecharia Sitchin wrote about), he claimed.

Planet X can be seen "to the left of the sun at sunrise, and to the lower right of the sun at sunset," he continued. The incoming planet will cause a pole shift, with the Pacific narrowing, the Atlantic widening, and South America rotating around, submerging the Caribbean, said Gianninoto. The western side of Australia, Indonesia, Southeast Asia, and all of India will also be submerged, and in America, the Mississippi River will grow as wide as 100 to 200 miles across, he added.

Citing the writings of alien contactee, Nancy Lieder, he warned there would be a precursor event to the pole shift that would likely occur before the end of the year, possibly huge earthquakes in Japan or along the New Madrid fault in the US. According to Gianninoto, there are more than six billion alien hybrids in "invisible 4th dimensional domed cities, under oceans, and in motherships," waiting to emerge after the pole shift.
Paranormal Cops

First hour guests, Ron Fabiani and Tom Froelich of the Chicago Paranormal Detectives talked about their cases. Both of them are also Chicago police officers, and apply certain standards to their investigations such as only working on contained environments like in a crime scene.

One of the strangest cases they worked was at the site of the Big Timer's Sound Shop, a speakeasy that had an evil presence. Light bulbs were thrown at us, and EVPs that contained 4-letter words were recorded there, said Froelich. Fabiani mentioned they were working with the new Echo Real Time EVP device, which records and plays back sound with a 5-second delay, allowing investigators to hear responses within the moment. 