Jethro Tull – Living In The Past - 1972 (2004 Remasters)

Исполнитель: Jethro Tull
Страна: UK
Альбом: Living In The Past  (2 CD)
Жанр: Progressive Rock
Год выхода: 2004 (1972)
Формат: WV Separate Files (lossless, no CUE, no LOG)

Треклист:

CD1
01 - Song For Jeffrey 3:24 
02 - Love Story 3:07 
03 - Christmas Song 3:09 
04 - Living In The Past 3:23 
05 - Driving Song 2:44 
06 - Bourée 3:47 
07 - Sweet Dream 4:06 
08 - Singing All Day 3:07 
09 - Teacher 3:59 
10 - Witch's Promise 3:49 
11 - Alive And Well And Living In 2:48 
12 - Just Trying To Be 1:36 

CD2
01 - By Kind Permission Of (live) 10:10 
02 - Dharma For One (live) 9:58 
03 - Wond'ring Again 4:16 
04 - Hymn 43 3:19 
05 - Life Is A Long Song 3:22 
06 - Up The 'Pool 3:15 
07 - Dr. Bogenbroom 3:01 
08 - For Later 2:08 
09 - Nursie 1:36

Ian Anderson - vocals, flute, balalaika, mandolin, keyboards, guitars - plays on all tracks
Mick Abrahams - guitars - plays on tracks 1 - 3
Martin Barre - guitars - plays on tracks 4 - 21
John Evans - celeste, piano -plays on tracks 9 - 21
David Palmer - orchestral arrangement and conducting - plays on track 7
Glenn Cornick - bass, Hammond organ - plays on tracks 1 - 11 and 13 - 15
Jeffrey Hammond-Hammond - bass - plays on tracks 16 - 21
Clive Bunker - drums - plays on tracks 1 - 11 and 13 - 16
Barriemore Barlow - drums - plays on tracks 17 - 21		
Production: Terry Ellis and Ian Anderson

Song For Jeffrey

Gonna lose my way tomorrow, 
gonna give away my car. 
I'd take you along with me, 
but you would not go so far. 
Don't see what I do not want to see, 
you don't hear what I don't say. 
Won't be what I don't want to be, 
I continue in my way. 
Don't see, see, see where I'm goin', 
Don't see, see, see where I'm goin', 
Don't see, see, see where I'm goin' to, 
I don't want to. 

Everyday I see the mornin' come on in the same old way. 
I tell myself tomorrow brings me things I would not dream today. 

Love Story

Going back in the morning time 
to see if my love has changed her mind, yeah. 
I know what I will find 
that she is wasting time, 
she could be picking roses. 
Going back in the morning time 
to see if my love has seen the light, yeah. 
Oh, I told her last night 
she should improve her sight, 
she could be painting the roof. 

Going back in the morning time 
to see if my love has come around, yeah. 
She offered me no sound, 
her head is in the ground, 
She could be calling for winter. 

Christmas Song

Once in Royal David's City stood a lonely cattle shed, 
where a mother held her baby. 
You'd do well to remember the things He later said. 
When you're stuffing yourselves at the Christmas parties, 
you'll just laugh when I tell you to take a running jump. 
You're missing the point I'm sure does not need making 
that Christmas spirit is not what you drink. 
So how can you laugh when your own mother's hungry, 
and how can you smile when the reasons for smiling are wrong? 
And if I just messed up your thoughtless pleasures, 
remember, if you wish, this is just a Christmas song. 

(Hey! Santa! Pass us that bottle, will you?) 

Living In The Past

Happy and I'm smiling, 
walk a mile to drink your water. 
You know I'd love to love you, 
and above you there's no other. 
We'll go walking out 
while others shout of war's disaster. 
Oh, we won't give in, 
let's go living in the past. 
Once I used to join in 
every boy and girl was my friend. 
Now there's revolution, but they don't know 
what they're fighting. 
Let us close out eyes; 
outside their lives go on much faster. 
Oh, we won't give in, 
we'll keep living in the past. 

Driving Song

Will they ever stop drivin' me? 
Have they ever taken time to see 
That I need some rest 
if I'm to do my best? 
Can I please stop workin' so hard? 
They just tell me gotta close it hard. 
Got to think of my health. 
Can I be by myself? 

Oh, they tell me I'll be home someday. 
Well I doubt it if I continue this way, 
`cause this hard life I've led 
is makin' me dead. 

Bouree

[Instrumental] 

Sweet Dream

You'll hear me calling in your sweet dream, 
can't hear your daddy's warning cry. 
You're going back to be all the things you want to be, 
while in sweet dreams you softly sigh. 
You hear my voice is calling 
to be mine again, 
live the rest of your life in a day. 
Get out and get what you can 
while your mummy's at home a-sleeping. 
No time to understand 
`cause they lost what they thought they were keeping. 

No one can see us in your sweet dream. 
don't hear you leave to start the car. 
All wrapped up tightly in the coat you borrowed from me, 
your place of resting is not far. 

You'll hear my voice is calling 
to be mine again, 
live the rest of your life in a day. 
Get out and get what you can 
While your mummy's at home a-sleeping. 
No time to understand, 
`cause they lost what they thought they were keeping. 

Singing All Day

Singing all day, singing `bout nothing. 
Singing all day, singing `bout nothing. 
Singing all day, singing `bout nothing, 
oo, my, my, my, 
oo, my, my, my. 
Went down to the station to look for her there, 
looked through the crowds for a glimpse of her hair, 
nothing to see but the crowds keep a-staring at me, 
my, my, 
oo, my, my, my. 

Down in the street, try'n' to remember, 
shuffling my feet outside a menswear, 
is that her in the fur coat? 
No it's not December yet, 
my, my, my, 
oo, my, my, my. 

Singing all day, singing `bout nothing. 

Back to the house, maybe she'll phone me, 
singing my song, feeling so lonely. 
I'll sing very softly, so if the phone rings 
I can hear it, I can hear it. 

Singing all day, singing `bout nothing. 
Singing all day, singing `bout nothing. 
Singing all day, singing `bout nothing, 
oo, my, my, my, 
oo, my, my, my. 

Teacher

Well the dawn was coming, 
heard him ringing on my bell. 
He said, ``My name's the teacher, 
that is what I call myself. 
And I have a lesson 
that I must impart to you. 
It's an old expression 
but I must insist it's true. 
Jump up, look around, 
find yourself some fun, 
no sense in sitting there hating everyone. 
No man's an island and his castle isn't home, 
the nest is for nothing when the bird has flown.'' 

So I took a journey, 
threw my world into the sea. 
With me went the teacher 
who found fun instead of me. 

Hey man, what's the plan, what was that you said? 
Sun-tanned, drink in hand, lying there in bed. 
I try to socialize but I can't seem to find 
what I was looking for, got something on my mind. 

Then the teacher told me 
it had been a lot of fun. 
Thanked me for his ticket 
and all that I had done. 

Hey man, what's the plan, what was that you said? 
Sun-tanned, drink in hand, lying there in bed. 
I try to socialize but I can't seem to find 
what I was looking for, got something on my mind. 

Witch's Promise

Lend me your ear while I call you a fool. 
You were kissed by a witch one night in the wood, 
and later insisted your feelings were true. 
The witch's promise was coming, 
believing he listened while laughing you flew. 
Leaves falling red, yellow, brown, all are the same, 
and the love you have found lay outside in the rain. 
Washed clean by the water but nursing its pain. 
The witch's promise was coming, and you're looking 
elsewhere for your own selfish gain. 

Keep looking, keep looking for somewhere to be, 
well, you're wasting your time, they're not stupid like he is. 
Meanwhile leaves are still falling, you're too blind to see. 

You won't find it easy now, it's only fair. 
He was willing to give to you, you didn't care. 
You're waiting for more but you've already had your share. 
The witch's promise is turning, so don't you wait up 
for him, he's going to be late. 

Inside

All the places I've been make it hard to begin 
to enjoy life again on the inside, 
but I mean to. 
Take a walk around the block 
and be glad that I've got me some time 
to be in from the outside, 
and inside with you. 
I'm sitting on the corner feeling glad. 
Got no money coming in but I can't be sad. 
That was the best cup of coffee I ever had. 
And I won't worry about a thing 
because we've got it made, 
here on the inside, outside so far away. 

And we'll laugh and we'll sing 
get someone to bring our friends here 
for tea in the evening -- 
Old Jeffrey makes three. 
Take a walk in the park, 
does the wind in the dark 
sound like music to you? 
Well I'm thinking it does to me. 

Can you cook, can you sew -- 
well, I don't want to know. 
That is not what you need on the inside, 
to make the time go. 

Counting lambs, counting sheep 
we will fall into sleep 
and we awake to a new day of living 
and loving you so. 

Alive And Well And Living In

Nobody sees her here, her eyes are slowly closing. 
If she should want some peace, she sits there, without moving, 
and puts a pillow over the phone. 
And if she feels like dancing no one will know it. 
Giving herself a chance there's no need to show her how it should be. 
She can't remember now when she was all in pieces. 
She's quite content to sit there listening to what he says. 
How he didn't like to be alone. 
And if he feels like crying she's there to hear him. 
No reason to complain and nothing to fear, they always will be... 

Just Trying To Be

There was a time when you were so young and walked in their way. 
They made you feel they loved you all-seeing they say. 
You're going wrong if their game you don't play 
And that the song I sing will leave you astray. 
Unfeeling, feel lonely rejection, 
unknowing, know you're going wrong. 
And they can't see that we're just trying to be, 
and not what we seem, 
and even now believe that it's not real and only a dream. 

By Kind Permission Of

[Introduction:] 
Please, let's have a big welcome for Jethro Tull. 
Whoop! 
Hello. Hang on, press on. Be back with you in a minute. 
I'd better not open this now because it might contain contraband. 
We'll give it to John to supplement his camels. He dropped on his 
head when he was very small. We occasionally cut his fingernails off 
and smoke them. This is a... a song about... about everything. 

Dharma For One

[Introduction:] 
She's really turned on by the television, and vice versa. 
Here's a song called, [???]. Yes, right. Rearranged though, 
nevertheless. A new lease on life. In other words, it's just a bit 
louder. ``Dharma For One''. 
[Lyrics:] 
Dharma, seek and you will find 
truth within your mind, Dharma. 

Dharma, each to his own we say, 
together we'll end astray, Dharma. 

Truth is like freedom, it doesn't fool me. 
Be true to yourself, never think that you're free. 
Dharma will come eventually. 

[Outtroduction:] 
Thank you! [???] 

Wond'ring Again

There's the stillness of death on a deathly unliving sea, 
and the motor car magical world long since ceased to be, 
when the Eve-bitten apple returned to destroy the tree. 
Incestuous ancestry's charabanc ride, 
spawning new millions throws the world on its side. 
Supporting their far-flung illusion, the national curse, 
and those with no sandwiches please get off the bus. 

The excrement bubbles, 
the century's slime decays 
and the brainwashing government lackeys 
would have us say 
it's under control and we'll soon be on our way 
to a grand year for babies and quiz panel games 
of the hot hungry millions you'll be sure to remain. 

The natural resources are dwindling and no one grows old, 
and those with no homes to go to, please dig yourself holes. 

We wandered through quiet lands, felt the first breath of snow. 
Searched for the last pigeon, slate grey I've been told. 
Stumbled on a daffodil which she crushed in the rush, heard it sigh, 
and left it to die. 
At once felt remorse and were touched by the loss of our own, 
held its poor broken head in her hands, 
dropped soft tears in the snow, 
and it's only the taking that makes you what you are. 

Wond'ring aloud will a son one day be born 
to share in our infancy 
in the child's path we've worn. 
In the aging seclusion of this earth that our birth did surprise 
we'll open his eyes. 

Hymn 43

Oh father high in heaven -- smile down upon your son 
whose busy with his money games -- his women and his gun. 
Oh Jesus save me! 
And the unsung Western hero killed an Indian or three 
and made his name in Hollywood 
to set the white man free. 
Oh Jesus save me! 
If Jesus saves -- well, He'd better save Himself 
from the gory glory seekers who use His name in death. 
Oh Jesus save me! 
I saw him in the city and on the mountains of the moon -- 
His cross was rather bloody -- 
He could hardly roll His stone. 
Oh Jesus save me! 

Life Is A Long Song

When you're falling awake and you take stock of the new day, 
and you hear your voice croak as you choke on what you need to say, 
well, don't you fret, don't you fear, 
I will give you good cheer. 
Life's a long song. 
Life's a long song. 
Life's a long song. 

If you wait then your plate I will fill. 

As the verses unfold and your soul suffers the long day, 
and the twelve o'clock gloom spins the room, 
you struggle on your way. 
Well, don't you sigh, don't you cry, 
lick the dust from your eye. 

Life's a long song. 
Life's a long song. 
Life's a long song. 

We will meet in the sweet light of dawn. 

As the Baker Street train spills your pain all over your new dress, 
and the symphony sounds underground put you under duress, 
well don't you squeal as the heel grinds you under the wheel. 

Life's a long song. 
Life's a long song. 
Life's a long song. 

But the tune ends too soon for us all. 

Up The `Pool

I'm going up the `pool from down the smoke below 
to taste my mum's jam sarnies and see our Aunty Flo. 
The candyfloss salesman watches ladies in the sand 
down for a freaky weekend in the hope that they'll be meeting 
Mister Universe. 
The iron tower smiles down upon the silver sea 
and along the golden mile they'll be swigging mugs of tea. 
The politicians there who've come to take the air 
while posing for the daily press 
will look around and blame the mess 
on Edward Bear. 

There'll be bucket, spades and bingo, cockles, mussels, rainy days, 
seaweed and sand castles, icy waves. 
Deck chairs, rubber dinghies, old vests, braces dangling down, 
sun-tanned stranded starfish in a daze. 

We're going up the `pool from down the smoke below 
to taste my mum's jam sarnies and see our Aunty Flo. 
The candy floss salesman watches ladies in the sand 
down for a freaky weekend in the hope that they'll be meeting 
Mister Universe. 

There'll be buckets, spades and bingo, cockles, mussels, rainy days, 
seaweed and sand castles, icy waves, 
Deck chairs, rubber dinghies, old vests, braces dangling down, 
sun-tanned stranded starfish in a daze. 

Oh Blackpool, 
oh Blackpool. 

Dr. Bogenbroom

I have one foot in the graveyard and the other on the bus, 
and the passengers do trample each other in the rush. 
And the chicken hearted lawman is throwing up his fill 
to see the kindly doctor to pass the super pill. 
Well, I'm going down, three cheers for Doctor Bogenbroom. 
Well, I'm on my way, three cheers for Doctor Bogenbroom. 
Well I've tried my best to love you all, 
all you hypocrites and whores, 
with your eyes on each other and the locks upon your doors. 
Well you drowned me in the fountain of life and I hated you 
for living while I was dying, we were all just passing through. 
Well, I'm going down, three cheers for Doctor Bogenbroom. 
Well, I'm on my way, three cheers for Doctor Bogenbroom. 

For Later

[Instrumental] 

Nursie

Tip-toes in silence `round my bed 
and quiets the raindrops overhead. 
With her everlasting smile 
She still my fever for a while. 
Oh, nursie dear, 
I'm glad you're here 
to brush away my pain.
