S  K  i  D  R  O  W

-  T H E  L E A D i N G  F O R C E  -

proudly presents
Victoria II / Paradox Interactive

RELEASE DATE : 13-08-2010              PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : Strategy                DISKS      : 1 CD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.

twice the fun  / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute
monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion and
colonization, to finally become a truly great power by the
dawn of the 20th century.

Victoria II is a grand strategy game played during the
colonial era of the 19th century, where the player takes
control of a country, guiding it through industrialisation,
political reforms, military conquest, and colonization.

Experience an in-depth political simulation where every
action you take will have various consequences all over the
world. The population will react to your decisions based on
their political awareness, social class, as well as their
willingness to accept or revolt against their government.

Deep engrossing political simulation with dozens of different
governments

Detailed economy with over fifty different types of goods and
various production factories

Over 200 different countries can be played, during the era
stretching from 1835 to the onset of WWII

Advanced Technological system with thousands of inventions to
discover

Improved graphics and interface, as well as multiplayer
support

A streamlined interface makes the game easily accessible.

Automation of various tasks including, trade and population
promotion.

Advanced spheres of influences system, where the great powers
battle over the control of the world.

Cottage production simulating pre-industrial economies.

Gunboat Diplomacy, no need for negotiating as a fleet outside
a port may be a more persuasive argument.

Historical and Dynamic missions guiding your country through
the history.

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game