Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Hot Mama" is a country music song recorded by American country singer Trace Adkins on his 2003 album, Comin' On Strong. Released as that album's first single, it peaked at #5 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, giving Adkins his seventh Top Ten single on that chart.

In "Hot Mama," the male narrator addresses his lover, telling her that he enjoys her body the way that it is.

William Ruhlmann of Allmusic gave the song a favorable review, saying that it "has a frisky appeal and, with its erotically charged tag line, 'You wanna?' a novelty quality.

Comin' On Strong is the sixth album from American country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released on December 2, 2003 on Capitol Records Nashville. Although it produced only two singles — "Hot Mama" and "Rough & Ready", which respectively reached #5 and #13 on the Hot Country Songs charts — it was certified platinum by the RIAA.

The track "I'd Sure Hate to Break Down Here" was later recorded by Julie Roberts as "Break Down Here" on her self-titled debut album. Her version was released as a single in early 2004, peaking at #18 on the country charts.

The song "Hot Mama" appears on the game Karaoke Revolution Party.

Tracy Darrell "Trace" Adkins (born January 13, 1962) is an American country music artist. He made his debut in 1996 with the album Dreamin' Out Loud, released on Capitol Records Nashville. Since then, Adkins has released seven more studio albums and two Greatest Hits compilations. In addition, he has charted more than twenty singles on the Billboard country music charts, including the Number One hits "(This Ain't) No Thinkin' Thing", "Ladies Love Country Boys", and "You're Gonna Miss This", which peaked in 1997, 2007, and 2008 respectively. "I Left Something Turned on at Home" went to #1 in Canada. All but one of his studio albums have received gold or platinum certification in the United States; his highest-selling to date is 2005's Songs About Me, which has been certified 2× Multi-Platinum for shipping two million copies.

He has also made several appearances on television, including as a panelist on the game shows Hollywood Squares and Pyramid, as a finalist on The Celebrity Apprentice, and in television commercial voice-overs for the KFC restaurant chain. In addition, Adkins has written an autobiography entitled A Personal Stand: Observations and Opinions from a Free-Thinking Roughneck, which was released in late 2007.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

