Unreported World-Peru ~Blood and Oil  2009 10 09 Ch 4 


File Name:Unreported World S18E03 - Peru Blood and Oil.

232.73 MB /24:14.960/ XviD

Unreported World travels deep into the Peruvian jungle to investigate how the government's auctioning off vast tracts of the Amazon rainforest to global corporations has led to violent clashes with thousands of indigenous tribal people.

Reporter Ramita Navai and director Alex Nott begin their journey travelling for three days up the river Corrientes into the homeland of the Achuar people, who've lived in one of the Amazon's remotest areas for thousands of years. They find the community of Jose Olaya almost deserted. Despite its remoteness, oil companies have been drilling in the area for years. ..

A government study has shown that two thirds of all children tested had above safe levels of lead in their blood. The company involved denies the allegations, and says it's unaware of any credible data to support them.

The team are taken to visit another area of land more than six kilometres long, which has become seriously polluted by oil residues. Despite a clean-up operation, a thick, black tar-like substance lies just beneath the soil, emitting a powerful stench.

Navai and Nott travel to the city of Iquitos, Peru's largest jungle town, to meet with an environmental group. Its spokesman tells Unreported World that indigenous people are becoming increasingly angry about the pollution and breaches of their basic rights by a government that is proposing to open up huge areas of the Amazon to oil, gas and mining companies. ..edit..

The team travels to the north-western town of Bagua, where, in June 2009, 3000 demonstrators blockaded a major road and the protesters were fired upon by police with 3 people dead. President García has admitted to a series of errors in the handling of the protests and public outrage over the incident that has forced the prime minister to resign....edit
 
http://www.channel4.com/programmes/unreported-world/episode-guide/series-2009/episode-13


Source: http://www.thebox.bz/details.php?id=94517
Cap:  geclipse
Other shunster posts