. 

TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.

we are the most on-time tracker around the globe, You can download releases whenever they release out by group uploaders. no Wait Time.

TorrentDay is a private tracker torrent website, which is totally free, safe and fast.


Higher Speed Download is available at: TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.


.

Torrentday : Clean RAR Scene File - Enjoy and don't forget to leave Thanks


Enjoy :)

...................................NFO:....................................

.                                           
                                                      
                                                        
                                                        
                                                    
                                                  
                                                
                                                            
                                                  

                                             Presents

                           Jools.Annual.Hootenanny.2009.HDTV.XviD-W4F                         



                            RELEASE iNFO                        
                             
                                                                                          
                                                                                           
                    Show            Jools' Annual Hootenanny                               
                    Genre           Music                                                  
                    Release Date    2010-01-01                                             
                    Air Date        2009-12-31                                             
                    Source          PAL/HDTV                                               
                    Video           XviD, 1352Kbps, 25 fps, 624x352                        
                    Audio           MP3, 112Kbps, 2ch                                      
                    Size            1,392.78MB                                             
                    Runtime         2h 11mn                                               
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
     

                            EPISODE iNFO                        
                             
                                                                                          
                                                                                           
          Jools Holland returns to the BBC studios for an incredible 17th Hootenanny.      
                                                                                           
       Joining Jools's Rhythm & Blues Orchestra are Sir Tom Jones with classic moments     
       from his songbook and the odd rousing soul cover; Boy George with classic Culture   
       Club numbers and a song that reflects on his stay in Pentonville; and Paolo Nutini  
       with tunes from his bestselling album Sunny Side Up, plus a Wynonie Harris          
       cover.                                                                              
          Also performing are three young women who've broken big this year:               
       Shingai Shoniwa with a big band version of her Noisettes' smash    Don't Forget     
       The Rhythm from their album Wild Young Hearts; Florence + The Machine with a        
       couple of songs from her bestselling debut Lungs, plus a classic Nina Simone        
       number with the Orchestra; also Paloma Faith with the song New York from her debut  
       album Do You Want The Truth Or Something Beautiful? and a Dinah Washington          
       cover.                                                                              
          Classic British guitarist Dave Edmunds reprises his 1968 speed-crazed            
       guitar hit Sabre Dance, plus there are cameos from Orchestra stalwarts Ruby Turner  
       and Rico Rodriguez.                                                                 
          Joining the orchestra in the star-packed studio are also                         
       Dizzee Rascal with hits from Tongue 'N Cheek including the year's anthem Bonkers,   
       and Kasabian with anthems from West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum, the British rock   
       album of the year, with a cameo from the show's favourite Mexican                   
       thrash-metal-meets-flamenco duo Rodrigo Y Gabriela.                                 
          The New Year is piped in                                                         
       by the band of the 1st Battalion of Scots Guards while the musical talent are       
       joined by famous faces including Al Murray, Jack Dee, Jo Brand, Vic Reeves, the     
       BBC Formula One team, Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall, Jo Wood, Ben Miller, Peter       
       Capaldi and many more, offering their thoughts, predictions and resolutions on the  
       Noughties and the departing and incoming year.                                      
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
     
	 
                          WE'RE LOOKiNG FOR                     
                             
                                                                                          
                     100Mbit+ Affil sites (w/ archives)                                   
                     Broadcast/Network/PPV Cappers (US/UK/Aus) with PDTV/HDTV Sources     
                     People with PDTV/HDTV sources with an interest in capping            
                     TV/WWE/MMA DVD Rippers/Suppliers                                     
                     Dump/Uplink/Shell Providers                                          
                                                                                          
                     Find us or email w4fcrew@gmail.com if you can help                   
                                                                                          
     

                               GREETZ                           
                             
                                                                                          
                   All of you hobos keeping the UK and Sports scenes alive <3