POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 



POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at


POtHS 2- Conspiracy Facts - Part 25 - Secret Societies

The Illuminated Ones

It doesn't take very much light to Illuminate a person, in the Dark, as deep as these so called Illuminati are. If you think The Rothschild's, The Windsor's, The Rockefeller's and whoever else you think might be the Illuminati list a famous Luciferians are, your wrong. All these foney earth dwellers are mere puppets and Cannon Fodder for the Real Illuminati. You all know the 13 Level Masonry Pyramid on The Dollar Bill. You probably think that those names listed above are at the top of The Pyramid. Wrong. Those guys are the midrange of the Pyramid. They are more like Lieutenants or Captains in The Military. The upper levels of The Enlightened ones are not even known to them. The top 2 levels I think are in Direct fellowship with Satan the Eye at The Top of he Pyramid. They are considered Holy Priests and worship their god Lucifer the Light Bringer.

What is all this Illuminati Bloodline stuff??? That is simple to Answer. Nephilim blood. When The Sons of God (Angels)saw the Daughters of Man...they liked them and took them as they pleased, creating offspring known as the Nephilim. They were the Men of Renown. The offspring of The Pharaohs who were The offspring of The Snake in The Garden, The are the Reptilians. (see POTHS - Conspiracy Facts - Part 39 - The Reptilian Alien Agenda)
So now you know, The Blue Bloods are of The Reptilian Blood Line of Satan. They are The NEPHILIM...

One thing kinda funny about this Bloodline is: You can buy your way in with MONEY. 

Satan wants your soul and your money. Jesus just wants your soul to live with him for eternity!!! Save your money, the Gospel of Jesus Christ OUR CREATOR is FREE.

NO MAN needs More Prayer than obama our illegal alien president, he ain't even an American. Watch this video... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3djvS0kdZQ&feature=uploademail How stupid are we???  Forget obama, pray for the Rapture below. 



Rapture (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on The Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,

Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so we shall always be with the Lord.[/size]


Many thanks to all the Film Makers that brought these facts to life.

The World Governments that are run by The Banksters, that are empowered by Lucifer, are The True Terrorists, only The Final Showdown between Lucifer and Jesus will save Mankind. We know who wins the Battle, The Creator of The Universe, of course!!!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!) 

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   