Category: XBOX360
Type:RPG
Format: ISO
Size: 6.27 GB
Date: 17-01-2010


Fable 2: Gold Edition will also include the game itself, the last two expansions, "Knothole Island" and "See the Future. 

Fable 2 Fable II is the highly anticipated sequel to the smash hit that sold over three million copies. The new game takes the original core and expands it to offer even more choices: each of your decisions will gradually shaping the person that you become. Fable II Set 500 years after the original, features an epic story and innovative real-time system gives tremendous freedom to explore the vast collection of dungeons, catacombs and taverns in the world of Albion. 
Knothole Island is a very particular territory, for the state weather is controlled by its own inhabitants. With these changes in climate, the state of the island or limiting changes completely opening up new areas depending on the current state of the island. The player and the protagonist will go into different spectacular shrines to save the inhabitants of the island. In total, this expansion has 3 missions, each associated with each of the sanctuaries of the climate. 
See the Future In this expansion, the player is returned to his beloved world of Albion, where a set of objects delighted by Murgo, the Merchant, will trigger new challenges that will solve the players, including meetings with mocking ghosts, terrifying Necromancers, and a gentleman condemned at the Coliseum, of which only Albion's greatest heroes will emerge victorious to claim the final trophy. 
In version Fable II: Game of the Year, the faithful dog of "Fable II" is back in three different incarnations for deciding the race of his traveling companion. A husky, a Dalmatian or a hound. In addition to these fantastic new evidence, creatures, characters, legendary events and artifacts, "Know the Future" offers unique items for everyone, including a soldier's helmet, a headdress with a braided ponytail hairstyle, a new heroic expression, the trick backflip for our canine companion and a collectible statue of carved gold Murgo.