Wednesday, January 27, 2010
Tonight is the big night for political junkies. l  The State of the Union Address is like the Super Bowl to people like me. Actually it is a lot like the Super Bowl—there’s endless buildup, and the actual event is usually a letdown. This year’s SOTU is like this year’s Super Bowl in another way. Nobody ever thought a black man would be delivering the SOTU… kind of like how nobody ever expected that the New Orleans Saints would be in the Super Bowl. It just goes to show that anyone can succeed in America—whether you have to overcome a legacy of racism, or a legacy of sloppy football. 

Last year’s address wasn’t a State of the Union Address because Obama had just taken office. He was just finding out the true State of the Union himself, by going through the mess that George Bush had left behind.  So far the most surprising thing about this years SOTU address is that Fox has decided to air it. What’s the matter, guys? Didn’t you have a new episode of “So You Think You Can Dance” in the can? One of the funnest parts is seeing what people wear. The members of the Supreme Court always seem to go with black robes. It’ll be ironic to see the Supreme Court Justices in the House chamber this year. They just placed a big “For Sale” sign on both houses of Congress. It’ll look like they’re there to show prospective buyers around. 

The etiquette of the SOTU address follows the rules of etiquette for the House, originally written by Thomas Jefferson.  That could be trouble. Republicans don’t listen to anything else Thomas Jefferson wrote. Why should they listen to this? Jefferson’s rules say, in part, “No one is to disturb another in his speech by hissing, coughing, spitting ... speaking or whispering to another, ... nor stand up to interrupt him…” Jefferson wrote the rules two centuries ago. He couldn’t have foreseen today’s Republicans, so he didn’t include anything about waving around blank pieces of paper pretending they’re a Republican healthcare plan. I know one thing for sure: Congressman Joe Wilson will not be given a front row seat. Wear a nice tie, Joe. You know the cameras are going to be focused on you. I think they’re going to have a special camera trained on Joe for the entire speech, just like they have a camera follow a receiver like Randy Moss or Larry Fitzgerald every play… just in case. OK, enough pre-game talk. I have to make artichoke dip.