Shadow Cardinal project in freezing. because voice acting project will not be able to give all meshi adapt no time and effort and help from 1C and Beserdy did not get.
1C without command Beserdy refuses to help.
Beserda not believe in the commercial success of this development, they thanked me and said: we will not believe in the commercial benefits of your project, we are not interested in its localization.
If you liked this project, and you would like it to have around on a shelf among the licensed games, it will support the project by writing on the forum beserdy the request to locate the project:

All subsequent updatings can be downloaded from a site of the developer: http://www.ale-lebedev.narod.ru

The request to all the clod liked this addition, to write in Beserdu the letter on the request to help with its further working out since alteration мешей, structures, the postscoring and дописание квестовых lines very long process and that the given working out was not out-of-date after the lapse of time is extremely desirable the help in its completion.



Year of release: 2009
Genre: RPG
the Developer: group "CHARLES GREAT"
Publishing house: group "CHARLES GREAT"
the Platform: WINDOWS XP SP2, Windows Vista Ultimate SP1 32 System
requirements: OBLIVION the Gold edition пропатченное a patch 1.0 and 1.1, necessarily established 13 version of the Shadow cardinal is required.

the Minimum system requirements:
Windows XP
1024MB operative memory
2 Ghz Intel Pentium 4 or the similar processor
27 GB free space on hard disk
128MB DirectX 9.0c Direct3D a compatible video card and DirectX 9.0 compatible driver DirectX 8.1 compatible sound card the Keyboard, the mouse

Recommended system requirements: 3.0 Ghz Intel Pentium 4 or the similar processor 2 GB
operative memory the Video card of series ATI X800, Nvidia GeForce 6800 or the best with memory 256MB
the Maximum system requirements: Intel Core 2 Duo E8400 4 GB operative memory DirectX of a last update from 06.08.2008 Video card GeForce 9800GTX 512MB edition
interface Language: English + Russian


«OBLIVION» it is repeatedly passed, and you are going to put a disk on a shelf? TAKE YOUR TIME IT to DO! Establish аддон «the Shadow cardinal» and enjoy new game of "Oblivion"!
It seems to you, what you avoided and have studied all game space of "Oblivion"? «The shadow cardinal» supplements game space of "Obliviona" with new territories, islands, caves etc.
You have got acquainted with all characters? There will be a set new with new quests.
Has tried all weapon? Perhaps, we will arm with new types of weapon? Please! Certainly, will find for them hardly, but business of that costs!
Has interrupted all opponents? Early you rejoice! As about Amazons, witches, werewolves and other kinds of opponents.
Without the companion to travel dullishly? Please – choose from set of companions that wait for you on all territory of game of "Oblivion". In general … establish аддон and start game.
ATTENTION! АДДОН CONTAINS NAKEDNESS, TO CHILDREN TILL 18 YEARS IT IS FORBIDDEN TO DOWNLOAD AND ESTABLISH!!!
Necessarily established 13 version of the Shadow cardinal is required.

Delete of plug-ins:

ares-HGEC.esp
ElyndasShortSack.esp
Emerald armor for Exnem body.esp
Exnem Elven Warrior.esp
Exnem Leather Iron Warrior.esp
Exnem Pekka Pumps.esp
ExnemEyeCandy.esp