	POTHS -- PICKING OUT THE HELLISH SCUMBAGS -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POTHS  Everywhere -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POTHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pouring out The Holy Spirit.  

This "Elite Insider" is right out of the PITS of HELL. He reeks of Sulfur. Hear how he justifies "Feeding on MANKIND"  

More Torrents in this series at   

I am using a SEED BOX that uploads at rates of up to 2mb/s per leecher. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address perf029c.xirvik.net. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download speed. Be patient, it takes a awhile to hook up to it and build up speed. Not all leechers hook up and get high download speeds, so it is important to seed long.  

Revelations of an Elite Family Insider  

Something fascinating happened on a forum (godlikeproductions.com) in a span of a few days and it has caused quite a stir in certain parts of the Internet.  A person by the moniker of Insider claimed he was from a ruling bloodline and gave the people a chance to ask everything they wanted and Insider would answer.

At first it looks like another internet hoax, some lightweight questions were followed by lightweight answers, but then things started changing drastically.  Anyone who understands dialectics knows that the answers Insider gave were designed to force/provoke others to ask questions which went to the core of the matter. First some questions are being asked by Insider like "Are you really living on the planet you think you are?" which made people react differently than before.  The answers this person started giving to those following questions showed a deep, broad understanding of philosophy, history, metaphysics, religion, magic, politics, and more in a way which is very innovative, detailed and some answers are thought provoking to say the least.  

What amazes is that Insider answered these questions in a very short time span and if you keep in mind that the topics are diverse, some in depth and some epic answers showed up literally minutes apart, one must wonder how it was done. Copy/paste from internet? I checked intensively and the sentences Insider used cannot be found on internet.

Like one person observed, this was way over the heads of the usual suspects.  Some people started getting upset, others were drawn to it and this all lead to a dialogue where so much was revealed, including by the other posters that it can be studied for years to come. Sounds hard to believe? Read on.    

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.      

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  

  Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  

Seed long and Prosper.    

Ephesians 5:11 KJV  
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
	