It’s been sometime but here is another sick masterpiece mix for your party pilling pleasure. Three hours of pure tribal/vocal/dance house energy. I love this mix a little more than the Deep Dark Heavy Progressive Beats because of the vocal energy and rawness of this mix.  The Deep Dark Heavy Progressive Mix was one of my planned mixes but this mix was throwing, all the Offer Nissim tracks I could find, into a folder and creating another artistic storytelling mix.   No planning, live-ish energy. Instead of controlling the music, I let the music control me.  I always want to try something new so I came up with the Offer Nissim In Me.  Always thought I was going to do The Tiesto or Carl Cox In Me first.  Two of the baddest DJs on the planet.   But my love of Tribal and Vocal, and listening to Offer Nissim’s Happy People album motivated and inspired this mix.  If I didn’t name this mix the Offer Nissim In Me, I would have named it the Bipolar Lover In Me.  This is my; I love you, I want to have children with you but I also want to throw you out a window mix.  LOL.  This mix’s story was built around all the people who hurt us in some shape or form yet we can’t live without them.   The rollercoaster lover in all of us and yes we are all bipolar when it comes to love.  Anyone who is thinking of breaking up with someone, this mix will put you over the top to do it. You’ve been warned! This is my first soiree into what I call a chick mix.   Predominantly female vocals to tell my story but to heavy tribal beats.   I waited for the right time to send this mix out into the universe and this, I feel, is the time.  I’ll let this mix speak for itself this time instead of writing about its understanding.  Next up;  The New York Club Kid In Me.  Finally have enough great tracks to pull off a sick 12 hour mix.  I need a challenge and only doing a 12 hour mix can I get it.  I’m looking for greatest mix of-all time fame with my next mix.  It will always be your personal decision to decide a mixes’ greatness but I’m putting it out there that this mix will be unmatched  in terms of track selection, storytelling, pure mixing and moving the crowd.   I’m planning at least 6 different genres of music to party to.  Finally a mix where I’m not going to be just dessert or the main course but the full 9 course meal.  I will be the only DJ you will want to party all night to. A lot of pressure to produce greatness but I need this pressure to pull it off.  Thanks again to all my fans around the world who have partied to any or all my mixes and hope this mix again is worthy of your party time and energy. The Flow just keeps getting better. Hope this mix continues to win and build your trust in me and my ability to move you.  Peace and love always.  FLOW