

A. Ganesh , G. Balasubramanian, "Engineering Mathematics- II"
New Age International | 2009 | ISBN: 9788122428827, 9788122426861 | 460 pages | PDF 

This book Engineering Mathematics-II is designed as a self-contained, comprehensive classroom text for the second semester B.E. Classes of Visveswaraiah Technological University as per the Revised new Syllabus. The topics included are Differential Calculus, Integral Calculus and Vector Integration, Differential Equations and Laplace Transforms.

The book is written in a simple way and is accompanied with explanatory figures. All this make the students enjoy the subject while they learn. Inclusion of selected exercises and problems make the book educational in nature. It should thus be a useful textbook as well as reference book and it is also a reference book for St.Peter`s University Chennai, Tamil Nadu.

Salient features: This book is designed to meet the complete requirements of Engineering Mathematics course of undergraduate syllabus.
Each topic is treated in systematic, logical and lucid manner.
Concepts are introduced in a sequential way with detailed explanations and illustrations.
There are fully worked out examples and graded exercises (with answers) aimed at preparing the student for examination as well as higher studies.
The authors have illustrated various methods to solve particular problems. Questions those have been asked in earlier examinations of the VTU are also included as examples and worked out examples.
To help the learner check his ability each chapter is provided with relevant exercises at the end of the topic.
Problems have been solved by vectorial methods as well as analytical methods.
This book contains an objective question which is adopted in new question pattern.
Additional Problems chapter-wise from the V.T.U. Questions Papers (Jan. 2002 to Jan. 2009) have been included at the end of each Chapter.

Contents:
Unit I: Differential Calculus-I
Unit II: Differential Calculus-II
Unit III: Integral Calculus
Unit IV: Vector Integration and Orthogonal Curvilinear Coordinates
Unit V: Differential Equations-I
Unit VI: Differential Equations-II
Unit VII: Laplace Transforms
Unit VIII: Inverse Laplace Transforms
Model Questions Paper-I
Model Questions Paper-II