Format: Animated, Box set, Color, Dubbed, DVD, Full Screen, Subtitled, NTSC 

Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1 
Number of discs: 3 
Rated: Unrated 
Studio: Viz Media 
DVD Release Date: September 22, 2009 
Run Time: 375 minutes 

[img]http://i1210.photobucket.com/albums/cc405/mike80219/Naruto_Uncut_Box_Set_16_R1-cdcovers_cc-front.jpg[/img]

This is the final box set with the Naruto filler episodes so for hardcore fans who disliked these episodes rejoice as this marks the end of the fillers. 
The set has the finale of the Kurenai/Yakumo saga, and after that we have Kiba and Naruto with an assignment to protect a rather obnoxious client and the supposedly priceless heirloom with him during their journey and as one might expect trouble does come for our wayward travelers. The next few episodes teams Rock Lee, Sakura, and Naruto to guard a member of a band of rogue ninja to his trial but not only must they contend with the rogue ninja band trying to get their prisoner but also one of the guard who has his own personal score to settle with the captured ninja. The following episodes teams Neji, Ten-ten, and Naruto who are trying to solve the mystery of attacks with some neighboring town as well as the mystery of a young amnesic man Naruto saves and brings back to the village and is discovered to have unique abilities of his own, and while on their journey it's discovered that the amnesic young man may hold more answers on the mysterious attackers and his connection to them than he rather admit. The final episodes deal with the sand village and a story-line that deals with Gara's attempt at reaching out to his fellow villagers to try and befriend them rather than hurt them, but the scars still run deep and only one young female ninja-in-training is willing to learn from Gara, but there's a new threat as some unknown ninja sneak into the sand village and kidnap the young ninja befriended by Gara in order to lure him out for a dark purpose. The leaf village finds out about the threat and Shikamaru assembles a team to help the sand village out and return the favor owed to them for their help and the Sasuke retrieval assignment, and the finale will show us the beginning of Naruto's journey with pervy sage and the promise of the other Konoha 12 to become stronger themselves when Naruto returns. These episodes for myself were great to watch and I'm finally happy to be getting the entire Naruto series set in uncut episode box sets, don't get me wrong I enjoyed watching them on Adult Swim but even than they had them censored and it was a little irritating to sometimes see the episodes like that and it's also sad that they decided to cancel Naruto on cartoon network but oh well. The one true complaint I'm gonna have with the Naruto Shippuden series is that they kept the same voice for the character of Naruto in the dubbed audio I mean come on he's supposed to be fifteen going on sixteen his voice should be a little more manly but other than that sad situation the series is still pretty good and entertaining so no other complaints about the show. 





As Vol. 16 of Naruto comes to a conclusion. So do the affairs/travels/exploits that Naruto, Sakura, Ten-Ten, Garra, Rock Lee, Hinata, Neji, Kiba and all the other characters that encompass this. They are now on their way to putting the things that held them back aside. As Naruto leaves to train with "Pervy Sage" in the last episode of this volume. Everyone vows to get themselves stronger and powerful in their area of expertise so that they can keep up with Naruto. Just about every episode of this volume are filled with action with the majority of the characters getting their chance to shine throughout. Worth the price of admission and worthy of your attention as well. I've enjoyed the series as a whole. But this one really sets up nicely for what soon follows...the next step of the Naruto series. 



Please seed

PS   IF any one has Eden of the East in DVD format please share!!!