Battlefield Bad Company 2 Prima Official Game Guide

This guide can be used for PS3, Xbox360 and PC.


Link to product information: http://www.primagames.com/guides/display.php?isbn=9780307467393&tab=details#tabs
Format: PDF
Pages: 240
Size: 16MB
Publisher: Unleashed/Prima

Whether you're a veteran of the series or a new recruit, study the Basic Training chapter to understand the basics of combat. Also, take time to brush up on the new innovations to the health system and destructible environments. The information in this chapter can significantly increase your lifespan, so don't pass it by.

Succeeding in combat largely depends on picking the right tools for the job. In the Weapons chapter, we take an in-depth look at every weapon, gadget, and infantry-based specialization. Included are stats and tactics for every weapon as well as multiplayer unlock criteria for every piece of equipment.

In Battlefield, vehicles are more than a means of transportation—they're powerful implements of destruction. Reference the Vehicles chapter for information on all light, heavy, water, and air vehicles, complete with field-tested tactics. All vehicle specializations are covered in this chapter too, helping you decide which bonuses to apply to your ride during chaotic multiplayer matches.

Marlowe and the gang from Bad Company are back in action, this time chasing after a rumored Russion superweapon. Follow the step-by-step walkthrough in the single-player Campaign chapter to complete every objective and uncover the truth behind this latest threat. Detailed maps accompany every mission, showing you where to go as well as revealing the locations of all weapon collectibles and M-COM stations.

While the campaign is fun, the real action gets underway during online multiplayer matches. In the Multiplayer chapter, all aspects of multiplayer play are discussed, including summaries of all four game modes, tactics for each troop kit, and the benefits of squad-based play. There are also maps for each battlefield and game mode, showing the locations of objectives, control points, and vehicle spawns.

Flip to the Appendix chapter at the back of the guide for easy-reference tables containing information on the deep multiplayer scoring system, unlocks, ranks, and awards. All Xbox 360 Achievements are also listed in this chapter.

All the essential strategy you need to beat the game. Unlock all weapons, gadgets, and specializations with complete unlock criteria for all multiplayer kits. Fight like a veteran with field-tested tips and tactics for every weapon, vehicle, and troop kit. Complete multiplayer scoring info shows what it takes to achieve new ranks and earn awards. Lead your team to victory with advanced squad-based tactics. Step-by-step single player campaign walkthrough with detailed maps revealing the locations of all M-COM stations and collectible weapons.

01: Introduction
The Battlefield Legacy
How to Use This Guide

02: Basic Training
Welcome Back to B-Company
Interface
Movement
Combat
Vehicles
Mission Information

03: Weapons
Assault Rifles
Submachine Guns
Light Machine Guns
Sniper Rifles
Shotguns
Pistols
Rocket Launchers
Gadgets
Weapon Specializations
Infantry Specializations
Stationary Weapons

04: Vehicles
Light Vehicles
Heavy Vehicles
Air Vehicles
Water Vehicles
Vehicles Specializations

05: Campaign
Operation Aurora
Cold War
Heart of Darkness
Upriver
Crack the Sky
Snowblind
Heavy Metal
High Value Target
Sangre Del Toro
No One Gets Left Behind
Zero Dark Thirty
Force Multiplier
Airborne
Epilogue

06: Multiplayer
What's New?
Game Modes
Troop Kits
Squad Play
Persistence System
Community

Multiplayer Maps
Panama Canal
Valparaiso
Laguna Alta
Isla Inocentes
Atacama Desert
Arica Harbor
White Pass
Nelson Bay
Laguna Presa
Port Valdez

07: Appendix
Multiplayer Scoring
Multiplayer Unlocks
Multiplayer Awards
Multiplayer Ranks
Xbox 360 Achievements/PS3 Trophies