Tickets Please - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 via DVB-T
4 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


Comedy drama by Mark Maier about the ongoing trials of the staff and passengers on an intercity rail service.

Mark Maier's comedy is more an emotional roller coaster, less an intercity train journey. For starters, most of the staff can't square up to the job. They're suffering the torments of unrequited love - for each other... 

Ticket-inspector Robin's marriage has fallen apart and, in a horribly doomed last-ditch scramble, he's staking all on Nadine, the restaurant-car chef who is scarcely aware Robin exists. Nadine is besotted with rogue-ish buffet-car manager Carl, who is completely in love with himself. Robin, in turn, ignores the forlorn flirtations from dippy trolley-attendant Carol.



1: Why does an intercity journey turn into an emotional rollercoaster? Because the train staff have to battle with their thwarted infatuations - for each other. And those toughies in the wedding carriage aren't helping matters.

2: The 9.27 London to Exeter emotional rollercoaster continues as the staff's personal embroilments deepen, and a member of a wedding party joins in the melee. And why are there fingerholes in the muffins?

3: Love flourishes among the staff on the 9.27 London to Exeter, but with the unwelcome addition of Diana's amorous mum. And why's her dad squashing Carol's muffins?

4: After delays caused by lightning, a 20-piece orchestra practices in Coach G. This offers Robin a plangent background for his declaration of love - but can he seize his chance?


Cast:
Robin ...... Jeremy Swift
Nadine ...... Alex Kelly
Peter ...... Malcolm Tierney
Carol ...... Tessa Nicholson
Carl ...... Nicholas Boulton
Diana ...... Melissa Advani
Linda ...... Kate Layden
Keith ...... Stephen Hogan
Other parts played by Philip Fox and Joseph Cohen-Cole.


Tickets Please - S01 - E01
Tickets Please - S01 - E02
Tickets Please - S01 - E03
Tickets Please - S01 - E04 





Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 28mn 54s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits


[