


 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

Bachman–Turner Overdrive (frequently known as BTO) is a Canadian rock group from Winnipeg, Manitoba, that enjoyed a string of hit albums and singles in the 1970s, selling over 7 million albums in that decade alone. The band has sold an estimated 20 million albums worldwide, and has fans affectionately known as "gearheads" (derived from the band's gear-shaped logo). Many of their songs, including "Let It Ride", "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet", and "Takin' Care of Business", receive frequent play on many FM classic rock stations.
The Bachman family name is pronounced /ˈbækmən/, and the band uses this pronunciation when referring to themselves. This pronunciation is an example of a speech pattern known as Canadian raising. However, the pronunciation of /ˈbɑːkmən/ is the standard outside of Canada. It has become so widespread, especially on American radio, that the band no longer makes the correction, and both pronunciations have become acceptable.
After the band went into a hiatus in 2005, Randy Bachman and Fred Turner have reunited for a tour and collaboration on new songs for 2010.
The precursor to BTO was the band Brave Belt formed in Winnipeg in 1971 by Randy Bachman and Chad Allan, both formerly of The Guess Who, and drummer Robin "Robbie" Bachman. Randy initially planned to just produce the album for Allan, but eventually both he and Robbie stepped in to provide much of the instrumental work. When the record label wanted them to tour, Randy called fellow Winnipeg bassist/vocalist C.F. "Fred" Turner to perform in the band's scheduled gigs by the suggestion of Neil Young. 
Brave Belt's self-titled first album did not sell particularly well, and Allan left the band shortly after the supporting tour started. Not having a lead vocal replacement ready, Turner was asked to be a full-time member and sing lead for the recording of Brave Belt II in 1972. Brave Belt II also failed to achieve major chart success, and in mid-1972 their tour in support of the album was canceled halfway through. But Turner's influence had started to make itself felt, as the band morphed from pure Country Rock to a harder, guitar-heavy sound featuring Turner's gruff, powerful voice. 
Chad Allan appears as a vocalist on two Brave Belt II songs, but was essentially out of the band for any supporting tours. During this period, Tim Bachman was added to the group as a second guitarist because the band had felt their three-piece arrangement was too restrictive. After Reprise Records dropped Brave Belt from their label, the band landed a new recording deal from Mercury Records, one which Randy Bachman proclaimed as a pure stroke of luck:
After their demo tape had been rejected 26 times, Bachman was prepared to tell the other band members that they would no longer be able to remain on salary, "and they had to go and get the dreaded day jobs". Fate took a different course – in April 1973, Charlie Fach of Mercury Records returned to his office after a trip to France to find a stack of unplayed demo tapes waiting on his desk. Wanting to start completely fresh, he took a trash can and slid all the tapes into it except one, which missed the can and fell onto the floor. Fach then picked up the tape and noticed Bachman's name on it. He remembered talking to him the previous year and had told Bachman that if he ever put a demo together to send it to him. While playing the first song on the 7-1/2 inch reel, "Gimme Your Money Please", Fach called Bachman to tell him that he wanted to sign the band. 
At this point the band’s demo tape was still called Brave Belt III. Fach convinced the band that a brand new name was needed; one that capitalized on the name recognition of the band members. The band had already mulled over using their surnames (à la Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young). While on their way back from a gig in Toronto, the group had spotted a copy of a trucker’s magazine called Overdrive at a Windsor, Ontario truckstop, after which Turner wrote "Bachman–Turner Overdrive" and the initials "B.T.O." on a serviette. The rest of the band decided the addition of "Overdrive" was the perfect way to describe their music. 
BTO released their eponymous first album in May 1973. The album broke through in the US via border towns such as Detroit and Buffalo, and stayed on the charts for many weeks despite lacking a true hit single—very much the result of the band's relentless touring. In any market where the band was getting significant airplay, Bachman–Turner Overdrive would immediately travel there regardless of the tour routing to build momentum, and it paid off. B.T.O. I would later be certified gold in 1974 by the RIAA. It was a precursor to their upcoming success.

