TV : Comedy : DVD quality : English

Oh, Doctor Beeching! focuses on the small fictional 
branch line railway station of Hatley, which is 
threatened with closure under the Beeching Axe. 
The programme was filmed on the Severn Valley Railway,
with the part of Hatley station being played by 
the Arley SVR station in Upper Arley.

Plot
In the pilot episode, Jack Skinner (Paul Shane) 
the porter is acting station master until a replacement 
is found. Jack deeply loves his wife May (Played by Sherrie 
Hewson in the pilot episode which was re-recorded with Julia 
Deakin taking over the role) who runs the station buffet, 
but is prone to becoming very jealous of her around other 
men. Without a station master the station has become rather 
disorganised, for instance the eternally miserable signalman, 
Harry Lambert (Stephen Lewis), is so underworked that he is 
running several sidelines from his signalbox - including 
hair-cutting, selling fruit and vegetables, repairing bicycles, 
and taking bets - seeing his signaling duties as a distraction- 
he frequently speaks of "ruddy trains". The station is part-run
by the eccentric, easily flustered booking clerk, 
Ethel Schumann (Su Pollard), who is always on the lookout for 
a new man in her life, and whose grown-up son Wilfred 
(Paul Aspen), the product of a relationship with a now deceased
American soldier during the war, is the station dogsbody. 
Wilfred often comes across as stupid, but sometimes displays 
signs that he is brighter than he appears- for instance, in 
the episode "The Van", he finds Arnold's missing wife, Jessica.

Also present are Vera Plumtree, (Barbara New), who has no 
particular role, but seems to do various jobs around the station, 
and acts as Mr. Parkin's housekeeper. Her late husband used to work 
on the railway, as she frequently reminds the other members of staff, 
(her catchphrase is, "he was an engine driver, you know"). She 
always muddles her words (Ethel also sometimes muddles her words, 
but not as often), and has an unrequited love for Harry (who always 
ignores her advances); Gloria (Lindsay Grimshaw), Jack and May’s 
pretty teenage daughter, who loves wearing short skirts, much to the 
chagrin of the father. She shows an interest in men, but Jack is 
over-protective, and won't let any man take her out; the elderly 
engine driver, Arnold Thomas (Ivor Roberts); his inexperienced 
fireman, Ralph (Perry Benson), who is training to be a driver; 
the flirtatious guard, Percy (Terry John), with whom Ethel appears 
to be quite besotted at times. He returns her advances, but seems 
to prefer Gloria's friend, Amy Matlock (Tara Daniels), who appears 
in most episodes, albeit usually briefly. Richard Spendlove, 
the director, also appeared in several episodes as Mr. Orkindale, 
the strait-laced director of the railway.

Soon the new station master arrives in the guise of Cecil Parkin 
(Jeffrey Holland), a stern, well spoken man. He is amazed to learn 
that the café is run by May (then called Blanchflower), with whom 
he had a passionate fling during the war before she married Jack- 
although we later learn that she was seeing both of them at the same 
time. Although Jack is in the dark as to May and Cecil's history, 
he takes an instant dislike to the new station master. A running 
subplot to the series is the question over whether Gloria is 
actually Jack and May’s daughter, or a result of May's fling with 
Cecil (although in the second series episode "Father's Day", it is 
generally concluded that Jack is her father). Meanwhile, at the end 

of the episode a newspaper article is found threatening the station 
with closure under the Beeching Axe, which begins the series.

A running gag in the series was Vera almost finding out about Cecil 
and May's relationship. Mr. Parkin steals every moment he possibly 
can with May, often sneaking into the kitchen near the beginning of 
the day, before anyone else has arrived.

The original pilot later had sections re-filmed, with Julia Deakin 
replacing Sherrie Hewson as May, and shown as the first episode in 
the regular run.

The programme ran for two series, although the final episode did not 
conclude by answering whether the station was closed.

all thank for ripping & encoding must go to Delgado, thus any complaints also,, lol,,