The Scarifyers - Series 01 to 05? - Audio Comedy - BBC7 via DVB-T 
14 x 30 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


The Scarifyers is a pleasingly old-fashioned romp... The first installment, The Nazad Conspiracy, introduced the odd couple twosome of Inspector Lionheart and Professor Dunning, played by Doctor Who alumni Nicholas Courtney and Terry Molloy, both of whom work for MI-I3, the branch of the government that investigates the weird and the fantastic... 


Their interplay is quite charming, their distinctive voices Courtney's in particular, his purring timbre immediately recognizable and a temporal short-cut to many fondly-remembered childhood teatimes in the company of vintage Who adding much in the way of character and atmosphere. And perhaps charming is the best way to describe this... It s a gentle comedy, but is no worse for that. The story, concerning Lovecraftian goings-on, RAF experiments with acoustic mirrors, and melting ministers, is a rum old concoction, full of pulp fun and spirited characters... The Scarifyers gentle, wry and occasionally creepy adventures 






The Scarifyers: The Nazad Conspiracy
Ghost-story writer Professor Edward Dunning is drawn into a world stranger than any of his imaginings when a mysterious Russian enters his apartments on Christmas Eve and jumps through a window. Dunning assists Inspector Lionheart of Whitechapel Police in uncovering the sinister plans of a group of Russian emigres to harness the power of a reincarnated Rasputin to regain power in their motherland. They are helped along the way by the Satanist Aleister Crowley. Impressed by their work, Colonel Black of Military Intelligence asks them to head up his new supernatural investigation department, MI-13.


The Scarifyers: The Devil of Denge Marsh
Lionheart and Dunning are called to Whitehall to investigate the mysterious death-by-melting of junior minister Barnaby Weir. The investigation leads them to the isolated village of Denge Marsh on the south Kent coast, where an RAF project has taken a sinister turn. Soon they find themselves dragged into the murky world of the Cult of Shub-Niggurath, a terrifying interdimensional being from the dawn of time.


"The Scarifyers: For King and Country"
MI-13 take it upon themselves to investigate the supernaturalist ; Harry Price, who has constructed a remarkable machine to aid in his ghost-hunting. His "Price Ghost Captivator;" will enable him to capture the spirits of the dead - if he can make it work. But is there more to his invention than even Sir Harry knows?
Meanwhile, Londoners are being killed - in especially gruesome fashion - with their own electrical appliances. Inspector Natterjack of the Yard is puzzled by the Faraday Murderer;s habit of leaving cryptic messages in 17th century English at the scene - cryptic messages that mention a certain Harry Price;


The Scarifyers: The Curse of the Cult of Thoth;
Dunning;s Halloween Broadcast to the Nation
Dunning appears live on BBC Radio;s Picture Page with Leslie Mitchell, to read his latest short story; The Curse of the Cult of Thoth;. The appearance goes down in broadcasting history, for all the wrong reasons.


"The Yule Lads"
Arthur Fright, Dickens fan and octogenarian, is disturbed from his Christmas Eve mutterings by an unearthly moaning from his chimney. He is more than a little put out when the boys from MI13 emerge, hot on the trail of some Icelandic trolls...


"Mr Crowley's Christmas"
With neither Lionheart or Dunning having much in the way of family to spend Christmas with, they decide instead to surprise their old friend Aleister Crowley. But, as the world's pre-eminent Satanist, Perdurabo isn't looking forward to the Yuletide festivities. Can they induce him to to enjoy Christmas Day? It's the Scarifyers' toughest challenge yet...



Cast:
Nicholas Courtney
Terry Malloy
David Benson 
Cicely Giddings 
Pasha Kanevsky 
Seva Novgorodtsev 
Owen Oldroyd 
Sebastian J Brook 
Alexei Voronkov
Paul Morris 
Jack Fox
Peter Vanguard
David Bickerstaff 
Ilona MacDonald 
Catherine Janes 
Stuart Silver
Roy Tromelly 
Phil Rose 
Zinoviy Zinnik

 
http://www.cosmichobo.com/scarifyers/timeline.shtml


The Scarifyers - S00 - E01 - The Nazad Conspiracy - Trailer
The Scarifyers - S00 - E02 - The Devil Of Denge Marsh - Trailer 01
The Scarifyers - S00 - E03 - The Devil Of Denge Marsh - Trailer 02
The Scarifyers - S00 - E04 - The Denge Marsh Lament - Song
The Scarifyers - S00 - E05 - For King And Country - Trailer
The Scarifyers - S00 - E06 - The Curse Of The Black Comet - Brian Blessed Outtake 
The Scarifyers - S00 - E07 - Behind The Scenes

The Scarifyers - S01 - E01 - The Nazad Conspiracy
The Scarifyers - S01 - E02 - The Nazad Conspiracy
The Scarifyers - S01 - E03 - The Nazad Conspiracy

The Scarifyers - S02 - E01 - The Devil Of Denge Marsh
The Scarifyers - S02 - E02 - The Devil Of Denge Marsh
The Scarifyers - S02 - E03 - The Devil Of Denge Marsh

The Scarifyers - S03 - E01 - For King And Country
The Scarifyers - S03 - E02 - For King And Country
The Scarifyers - S03 - E03 - For King And Country
The Scarifyers - S03 - E04 - For King And Country

The Scarifyers - S04 - E01 - The Curse Of The Black Comet
The Scarifyers - S04 - E02 - The Curse Of The Black Comet
The Scarifyers - S04 - E03 - The Curse Of The Black Comet
The Scarifyers - S04 - E04 - The Curse Of The Black Comet

The Scarifyers - S05 - E01 - The Curse Of The Cult Of Thoth
The Scarifyers - S05 - E02 - The Yule Lads
The Scarifyers - S05 - E03 - Mr Crowley's Christmas






Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 28mn 54s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits


[