EASEUS Partition Master 4.1.1 Server Edition New Update Windows 7 Support!


Overview:

Extend server system partition to maximize server performance.
Copy wizard to backup all data or copy entire hard disk to another without Windows reinstallation.
Basic server partition features for you to optimize the usage of your disk.
Advanced server partition features to maximize server performance and minimize server downtime.
Usability features allow you to operate directly on the disk map with the drag-and-drop and preview the changes.
Do you need a reliable and cost-effective Windows Server hard disk partition management tool that provides better data protection, minimizes server downtime and allows you to perform needed maintenance ensuring maximum server performance without data loss as well as saving time and money for your IT infrastructure?

EASEUS Partition Master Server Edition is the best value server partition software, which can help you optimize disk space usage and manage disk and partition better to increase the efficiency of Windows-based system administration. It manages Windows Server 2000/2003/2008, especially Dell, HP, IBM server etc. quickly and safely and brings together the most popular disk management functions. You can perform basic and advanced partition operations on servers without data loss. Changes of server partition can be previewed before applying to hard disk and all data is completely protected during any operation.

EASEUS Partition Master Server Edition with Free Lifetime Upgrades allows you to enjoy free upgrades for each new version for lifetime and preferential support.

EASEUS Partition Master Unlimited Edition allows unlimited usage within one company. It is a one-stop solution for maximizing all your servers' performance with all data protected for your IT infrastructure.

If you are providing independent technical services to multiple clients, EASEUS Partition Master Technician Edition allows you to offer unlimited external usage for your customers' PCs and servers.

EASEUS Partition Master Server Edition helps you to:
Basic server partition features:
Resize/Move partition: Easily resize/move server and non-server partition without data loss to optimize the usage of your disk.
Create, format, delete server and non-server partition by using a friendly disk map in an amazing easy way.
Convert FAT to NTFS.
Explore FAT/NTFS partition.
Hide/unhide partition, set active partition, label drive letter, etc. - Change partition properties.
Advanced server partition features:
New! Extend NTFS System Partition without Reboot - Extend NTFS system partition without rebooting Windows to minimize server downtime.
Create at least two partitions: One partition for your Operating System and the other partition for your data.
Hard Disk Copy or Partition Copy Wizards: Easily upgrade/migrate server hard drive or copy server partition to protect data; easily system partition copy for upgrading your server system partition.
Full 64bit support: Modify system partitions even when dealing with the Windows 64-bit family operating systems.
Hardware RAID supports: It works perfectly with hardware RAID to partition Windows Server.
Bootable CD/DVD: Creates a bootable CD/DVD to manage Windows Server partitions when there is a boot failure caused by virus or any other unexpected accidents.
Copy wizard:
Partition Copy: Fast file-by-file copy to save your valuable time as well as protect your data on Windows Server before any operation.
Hard Disk Copy: Automatically copy the files file-by-file (fast) or sector-by-sector (each sector will be exactly the same as the original one) after checking Windows Server partitions to make a backup.
New! Dynamic Volume Copy: Safely copy dynamic volume to basic disk and resize this basic disk, etc.
Notes: Do backup your partition or disk before any partition changes with Partition & Disk Copy built in EASEUS Partition Master.
Usability Features:
Merge partitions into a bigger one.
Split partition for different usage, one for system and another for data.
Disk Map - Resize/move partition with the drag-and-drop; preview the changes before applying.
New! Operating System - Windows Server 2000/2003/2008 and Windows 2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7 (32 and 64 bit). 


Details:

Virtual Operations - Each operation is listed on the left column "operations pending".
Supports up to 32 hard disks - Handle up to 32 hard disks under Windows Server systems.
New! Supports 2 TB hard disk for Windows Server partition.



Hash: 11B1AF2398A0AF70B326ED542EC2D2807E349E0C