[img]http://www.ahusoft.com/images/ss_6s.jpg[/img]

Super Internet TV allows you to watch 1800+ live television channels and listen to 5000+ online radio stations from 100+ countries. There is no need for a TV Tuner card because all the channels are streamed through your Internet connection. All you need is a Windows PC and an Internet connection. You can also record your favorite programs at will. Super Internet TV is ideal for people interested in alternative programming, learning languages, foreign cultures, entertainment, sports or news. 

	


The most significant Super Internet TV features are:

Various Channels: Channels include sports, entertainment, music, news, talk, radio and webcams from many different countries. There are even Television based on different languages including English, French, Spanish, German, Portuguese, and Arabic. These channels are streamed over the Internet for free and do not require any subscription.

Simple and easy to use: Super Internet TV emulates the regular Television set on your PC. All you have to do is select a channel from the list and it will play in the main window. This application does not require any special configurations or settinngs in order to access all the channels. You can add selected channels to a Favorite list for faster access in the future.

No additional hardware required: It does not require a TV Tuner card, since these programs are broadcasted over the Internet.

Super Internet TV uses Windows Media Player\'s decoding system to present the television and radio signals. If you want to watch more channels which use RealVideo format, you also need RealPlayer installed. You don\'t have to care about the station\'s broadcasting format; it will switch automatically between formats. Super Internet TV works with any broadband Internet Service Provider (ISP) Worldwide.

Super Internet TV supports resizable screen sizes; you can change the screen window to any size that you want, including full-screen mode. This software comes with free automatic TV station updates so it will never be out of date. It also supports thousands of skins (visual styles) .

About the stations:
Just like a TV set, live Internet television depends on the origin and not on the software that displays the TV images. Some stations can be off line due to their servers\' overload or Internet traffic jams. Not all stations have a 24 Hours schedule. The video quality is dependent on the broadcaster\'s own bandwidth; the higher the bandwidth, the better the video quality you will receive. For most TV and radio channels, a modem speed of 56Kb/s is required. For the broadband TV stations, you need 300 Kb/s.

System Requirements
- Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2003, 2000, ME, 98, 98SE or Windows NT4.0
- IE 5.0 or later
- 2MB hard drive space for installation
- Internet connection
- The latest version of Windows Media Player Required!

Super Internet TV uses Windows Media Player\'s decoding system to present the television and radio signals. If you want to watch more channels which use RealVideo format, you also need RealPlayer installed. It\'s advisable that you install Microsoft Media Player and RealPlayer before installing Super Internet TV. 

Installation:
1. Urar files
2. Install Setup
3. Go to the \"Help\" menu.
4. Select \"Enter License Code...\".
5. Enter the license code provided above.
6. Click OK and restart the program.
6.Enjoy



         More AT:  http://thumperdc.com/	
   
