Warren Zevon - I'll Sleep When I'm Dead | MP3 | 320 KBPS |1996 | 352 MB




One of the great singer/songwriters (like Tom Waits, Loudon Wainwright, Steve Earle, Delbert McClinton and Richard Thompson) that put most so-called 'musical artists' in their proper place, i.e. nowhere and lucky to be there.

If the late Warren Zevon hadn't existed, it would have been necessary to invent him. At a time when his L.A. singer-songwriter peers were bleeding all over their puffy shirtsleeves with mawkish, sensitive balladry, Zevon turned the 1970s troubadour approach on its ear with a twisted lyrical sensibility that embraced danger, ribaldry, and general mayhem. The two-disc collection I'll Sleep When I'm Dead is an excellent introduction to Zevon's iconoclastic work.

The early years are well represented by the oddly poignant junkie's lament "Carmelita", the horror-of-war ghost story "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner", and of course, such misanthropic staples as "Excitable Boy" and "Werewolves of London". I'll Sleep When I'm Dead stands to show, however, that the '70s weren't the end of Zevon's story. 

Zevon is backed by R.E.M. on the trenchant boxing tale "Boom Boom Mancini" and admirably covers Prince's "Raspberry Beret". He humorously sums up his life as a rogue on "Mr. Bad Example". "Accidentally Like A Martyr" is an austerely beautiful song and "Splendid Isolation" is a hymn to misanthropy. 

I'll Sleep When I'm Dead serves Zevon's legacy well. Songs like the incendiary "Play It All Night Long" and one of Zevon's finest meditations on life in L.A., "Desperados Under the Eaves" ensure that he won't be forgotten. 

Personnel include: Warren Zevon (vocals, guitar, piano); Waddy Wachtel, Danny Kortchmar (guitar); Jim Horn (saxophone); Jai Winding (piano); John McVie (bass); Mick Fleetwood, Russ Kunkel, Jeff Porcaro (drums); Jackson Browne, Lindsey Buckingham, Stevie Nicks, Carl Wilson, Jorge Calderon, J.D. Souther, Karla Bonoff, Graham Nash, Don Henley (background vocals).

Producers: Jackson Browne, Waddy Wachtel, Warren Zevon, Greg Ladanyi.


Track List

CD1:

01. Frank and Jesse James
02. Hasten Down The Wind
03. Poor Poor Pitiful Me
04. I’ll Sleep When I’m Dead
05. Carmelita
06. Desperados Under The Eaves
07. Johnny Strikes Up The Band
08. Roland The Headless Thompson Gunner
09. Excitable Boy
10. Werewolves Of London
11. Accidentally Like A Martyr
12. Lawyers, Guns And Money
13. Frozen Notes
14. Bad Luck Streak In Dancing School
15. Gorilla, You’re A Desperado
16. Play It All Night Long
17. Mohammed’s Radio (Live Version)
18. Jeannie Needs A Shooter (Live Version)
19. The Envoy
20. The Hula Hula Boys
21. Let Nothing Come Between You
22. Looking For The Next Best Thing

CD2:

01. Sentimental Hygiene
02. Boom Boom Mancini
03. Detox Mansion
04. Bad Karma
05. Reconsider Me (Single Version)
06. Run Straight Down
07. The Long Arm Of The Law
08. Splendid Isolation
09. You Don’t Know What Love Is – with Mark Isham
10. Raspberry Beret – Hindu Love Gods
11. Suzy Lightning
12. Things To Do In Denver When You’re Dead
13. Searching For A Heart
14. Mr. Bad Example
15. Roll With The Punches
16. The French Inhaler (Live Version)
17. The Indifference of Heaven (Live Version)
18. If You Won’t Leave Me I’ll Find Somebody Who WIll
19. Real or Not
20. Seminole Bingo
21. Monkey Wash Donkey Rinse
22. Mutineer
