A Man Called Peter (Christian Movie)

The story of how God works in all our lives if we let him take control of our lives. 
Richard Todd delivers a thoroughly winning performance as Peter Marshall, the Scottish-born minister who became Chaplain of the U.S. Senate. While still a boy, Peter wants only to go to sea. But as a young man he experiences a profound awakening which leaves him with the unwavering conviction that he has been called upon to do the Lord's work. He completes his religious training in the United States, where he presides over several congregations. A compelling speaker who believes religion should be fun, Marshall inspires young people to renew their interest in the church, and his ministries prosper. Eventually, he becomes pastor of the prestigious Church of the Presidents, in Washington D.C. and is asked to serve as spiritual guide for the Senate. Co-starring Jean Peters as Marshall's devoted wife, Catherine, "A Man Called Peter" is the deeply moving tale of "a man and his close friendship with God"

For more details see the links,
 
http://www.christiancinema.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=1100 
http://www.amazon.com/Man-Called-Peter-Richard-Todd/dp/B0009X75VU

Runtime: 120 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 1955
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families.

Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian	

