Indigo Prophecy for the Ps2                                        Rel. 09/20/2005


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Action
Rating:        M (Mature)
Developed By:  Quantic Dream
Published By:  Atari
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


Release Notes: A great game to add to your ps2 collection.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

Indigo Prophecy (Fahrenheit in Europe) is a psychological thriller, in which you play 4 different characters on both sides of a murder - the killer and those who are trying to find him.

The game begins as Lucas Kane, the main character, who, under the control of an unknown force, uncontrollably murders a complete stranger in a New York City diner. As the game progresses you will also play Lucas' brother Markus Kane, who became a priest, as well as the police detectives investigating the murder, Carla Valenti and Tyler Miles.

New York City is stunned by a series of mysterious murders, all following the same pattern: ordinary people are killing absolute strangers in public areas. Lucas Kane becomes another one of these murderers when he suddenly kills a stranger in a men's bathroom. Covered in blood, Lucas regains consciousness with no recollection as to why he committed murder. Lucas must solve the mystery before being incarcerated for life.

You will play through 44 fast-paced chapters as this paranormal adventure unfolds. Good reflexes and hand-to-eye coordination are necessary to get through the many action sequences. You'll be able to explore the environment and interact with it, and many tasks have a time limit and will require you to act quickly.

A free-flowing game during which players can assume the role of multiple characters and experience the game from multiple viewpoints, Indigo Prophecy allows players actions to affect the plot by offering a scenario driven interactive experience. Through motion picture techniques, players find themselves intimately immersed in the game. 


Features:

* Choose to play as one of four characters including lead character Lucas Kane, 
  Detective Carla Valenti, Detective Tyler Miles (Carla's partner) and Lucas 
  brother Marcus Kane.

* Play through a total of 44 bone-chilling acts and manage the mental health of 
  each main character by choosing the correct course of action and maintaining 
  their psychological balance.

* Special multi-view split-screen allows players to see what is happening in a 
  different area of the game while playing through a particular scenario.

* Motion Physical Action Reaction (MPAR) interface allows the player to make the 
  same movement as his character on screen, which creates a physical 
  identification between the player and his character.

* Physical Action Reaction (PAR) interface is used during mini-game action 
  sequences where the player has to move the analog control sticks in the proper 
  direction in order to succeed.

* More than 50 stuntmen and actors were used to motion capture in-game characters 
  in order to create the most realistic character models, dynamic cinematics and 
  high-caliber, Hollywood-style action sequences.



Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		