Silent Hunter 5: Battle of the Atlantic (2010/ENG) [RePack]
Genre: Simulator (Submarine) / 3D
Released: 2010
Developer: Ubisoft Romania
Publisher: Ubisoft Entertainment
Language: English
Publication Type: RePack (from ULTRA)
Tablet: enclosing (SKIDROW)

System requirements:
Minimum system requirements:
Windows XP (SP3), Vista (SP2), Windows 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo E4400 / AMD Athlon 64 X2 4000 +
Memory: 1 GB (WinXP), 2 GB (Vista, Win7)
Video: 256 MB DirectX 9.0c-compatible video card
Sound: DirectX 9.0c-compatible sound card
Free disk space: 8 GB
Recommended requirements:
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo E6850 / AMD Athlon 64 X2 5600 + or better
Memory: 2 GB (WinXP, Vista, Win7)
Video: 512 MB DirectX 9.0c-compatible video card
Recommended video card: ATI Radeon HD 2600, Nvidia GeForce 8800 or better

On the game:
In Silent Hunter 5 players will be able to walk through the highly-submarine, using a new kind of first-person, to communicate with his crew and to test in practice the new system orders. In the fifth part of the players also are waiting for fully redesigned user interface, which will become more accessible and understandable for beginners, but at the same time on the higher difficulty levels will be offered to command the submarine virtually his own. There is not expected any concessions.
Assignments will now be issued not only at the start of the mission, but also directly into the sea, when your hands are entrusted the selection of targets. Well standard - promised an unprecedented level of realism, recomposed to bolt on real prototypes submarines and excellent graphics.

Game features:
At this time you will become captain of a German submarine, which will hunt down their enemies under the water, like crocodiles lurking in the river waters, who wait their prey.
For the first time in the series, you will be able to directly communicate with your crew, raising their morale fiery speeches and successful military operations, and can themselves on their skin feel their hard work. Stunning detail of tiny objects, a new interface that is understood as the hardened sea wolves, and beginners as well as the possibility to choose the strategy of military action

Features RePack:
- Nothing is cut
- Movies 100%
- Installed the update v.1.1

Installation:
1. Mount image through Daemon Tools, install the game.
2. Play.