*Seems many people had problems using Xtreme Xmugen 2.0, when I uploaded it a few years back, this particular one is for the E Drive instead, many people may have issues with the partitions, and instead of 100s of characters, this is MarvelvsDC, that is currently a WIP; which why you may not be able to see the portraits on the first player side. (Not to mention with it being smaller, more people will be more likely to try it) Also, if you don't like this game, characters, screen packs; change them yourself, that's the beauty of mugen, everything is customizable, it only took me a few hours to put this together*

*I was able to play it this with XMBC as my dashboard, going through the filemanager, and selecting the default.xbe.

Mugen is a freeware game engine that allows you to play fighting matches with an unlimited number of characters and stages. Infinitely customizable, mugen facilitates users' creativity and artistic skills as they create the various aspects of the game. First released in 1999 by Elecbyte, the community has thrived even in spite of the company's sudden dissolution in 2003, yet rumors are abound that they are returning. M.U.G.E.N. may be the best kept secret of the gaming community!
Xmugen is the xbox version of Mugen, run under linux.


The Only Thing You Need to Do to Play; Is DRAG AND DROP the xmugen folder in the Games(Make Sure It Has A Capital G) folder of the E: in your xbox.

So, it should look like E:Gamesxmugen

Also about characters, they are created by sprites, people can't just rip a complete character from MVC, only the sprites, which is there are so many versions of one character you may find. One Ryu may play like SSFT2, one may play like SFA, one may play like MVC, and one may be more developed than the other.(Like they got it closest to the developer and plays smoother), and one may be made up completely like an Evil Ryu. Also, their AI is built from the ground up, also..

- XxRaVeNxX


Also, when you get this installed in your Xbox, just press the Right Analog, to get pass the 'F1' Screen.

Credits/Thanks:
ScuffyDragon (http://www.scruffydragon.com/): All characters, stages, screenpack, in this was created by them from scratch, and two years later is still a work in progress.
JFCT555: For Ripping the Xbox Logo, so That I Could Use it As A Logo
r1sky1: For Developing this 'Drag & Drop Distribution of Xmugen
strikingeuphony: For assisting me in showing how to change screenpacks,
SNKgal/Guybird/seanp2500: All the IRC Help/Chit Chat