The Brooklyn-based rock group, My Uncle The Wolf, started as an idea over a pack of cigarettes shared between friends. Frustrated with the mechanics of the seemingly dead local scene, the approach of founding members Zac Hutton (vocals) and George Vas (guitars) proved to be unique from the band’s 2005 inception. 

The early days of the band consisted of guitars, amps, cables and effects pedals sprawled across a living room floor. This took place for the better part of a year as both members explored their methods for writing songs. Wanting to take their experiment a step further, the Wolf sought to expand their ranks and did so 2006 with the addition of drummer Joey Debbs (who was offered the job after the first two minutes of jamming with the rest of the band). 

“The element of danger is always around at our shows” says Hutton. “There’s a layout… but we don’t follow it all the time… it’s whatever we’re feeling at the moment.” 

Looking for inspiration through isolation, Zac, Joey and George locked themselves away in their practice space for nearly two months, crafting what would be their debut album. 

When comfortable enough with what they had, M.U.T.W. went looking for a little guidance from friend and mentor Jimmy Bower (Down, EyeHateGod, Superjoint Ritual). In late May 2007, the trio flew to New Orleans to record with Bower acting as producer and bassist. The end product was a self-titled, 11 track album; recorded and mixed in 11 days. This album is scheduled for release across Europe in April 2008 through Cargo Records. This release will be accompanied by a 25 date European tour with the addition of new bass player Jeff Golden. 

If there is one thing that can be said about this group, it is that they are not one dimensional. The dichotomy between good and bad has been the driving force behind history’s greatest stories. By focusing on this aesthetic in their quest to grow as a band of classic status, the album, the band, and their ideology can all be categorized as My Uncle The Wolf.

Current line-up 
Zac Hutton - Vocals
George Vasilopolous - Guitar
Joey Debbs - Drums
Jeff Golden - Bass

Genre = Stoner Metal
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
01. Mydnyte 
02. Pink Handcuffs 
03. The King's Ransom 
04. Vader 
05. Astrum