hexagon.cc:
 
http://spirits-scotch-and-friends.hexagon.cc/


Handbook of Brewing: Processes, Technology, Markets
~ Hans Michael Eßlinger (Editor)

Product Details

    * Publisher: Wiley-VCH (June 29, 2009)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 3527316744
    * ISBN-13: 978-3527316748

Editorial Reviews

Product Description
This comprehensive reference combines the technological know-how from five centuries of industrial-scale brewing to meet the needs of a global economy. The editor and authors draw on the expertise gained in the world’s most competitive beer market (Germany), where many of the current technologies were first introduced.
Following a look at the history of beer brewing, the book goes on to discuss raw materials, fermentation, maturation and storage, filtration and stabilization, special production methods and beermix beverages. Further chapters investigate the properties and quality of beer, flavor stability, analysis and quality control, microbiology and certification, as well as physiology and toxicology. Such modern aspects as automation, energy and environmental protection are also considered.
Regional processes and specialties are addressed throughout the entire book, making this a truly global resource on brewing.

From the Back Cover
Brewing, namely fermenting starch into alcohol with the help of yeast, is probably the oldest biotechnological production process known to mankind. It is also at the heart of a multi-billion-dollar industry that has refined and standardized brewing methods with scientific precision.
Drawing on the expertise gained in the world’s most competitive beer market, this comprehensive reference covers the entire product cycle, from raw material selection to waste disposal, and from product development to distribution. The editor and authors combine the technological know-how from five centuries of industrial-scale brewing to meet the needs of a global economy.
Following a look at the history of beer brewing, the book goes on to discuss raw materials, fermentation, maturation and storage, filtration and stabilization, special production methods and beermix beverages. Further chapters investigate the properties and quality of beer, flavor stability, analysis and quality control, microbiology and certification, as well as physiology and toxicology. Such modern aspects as automation, energy and environmental protection are also considered.
Regional processes and specialties are addressed throughout, making this a truly global resource on brewing.
