Stossel - Energy Independence - Fox Business Network
2010, January 21

Xvid/MP3 AVI 624x464 encoded from clean composite SD video source

-----

Excerpted from John Stossel's blog:

-----

January 22, 2010 04:15 PM EST by John Stossel
Reaction to the Energy Show

Viewers have written in, responding to last night's show on energy and innovation. (It airs again tonight at 10pm ET, Saturday at 7pm ET, and Sunday at 11pm ET).

Paul Lindner wrote:

Today nearly 50 pecent of our oil is imported.  (NOT nearly 70 percent)  See last weeks info from EIA.gov  Check your facts -PLEASE

Paul seems to be referencing statistics for weekly oil imports. By that measure, 62% of petroleum supplied to US markets last week was comprised of imports -- well over 50%. If you only count "crude oil" imports then you arrive at a figure near 50%, but America's gasoline supply depends on more than just crude oil imports. Besides, if you’re comparing imports today to imports in the 1970s, you need to use annual averages, not weekly statistics. In 2008, average imports per day in 2008 were 13 million barrels. Average product supplied (petroleum consumption) was 19.5 million barrels. That’s 66%, or "nearly 70 percent". (See table here.)

John Shepard:

For someone that purports to be an economics whiz, you sure miss obvious points.  When we send $700 billion dollars, as Pickens says, to foreign countries to buy oil, it's not a net neutral transaction from a wealth point of view because oil is a consumable!  If a go to a Red Lobster and drop $25 on dinner, while the dinner may be worth $25 to me at the time, I leave $25 poorer because tomorrow I am just going to have to eat again.  ...With oil, something that we literally burn up, you can see that that is just wealth flowing out the door and into the hands of our enemies.

This rejects the very basis of trade. It totally neglects the services that goods provide to a consumer. How can someone be poorer after leaving a restaurant? Would they be richer if they were starving? In voluntary trades, both sides benefit.

Jim Harrison says his son thinks he has solved the "broken window" fallacy (which I demonstrated by breaking a pane of glass on set). If a window is broken in a village:

It appears the village is poorer by one window. However, what happens if during the fixing of the window(s), new discoveries are made. Perhaps a glazier figures out a faster way to install windows or he figures out a way to make unbreakable glass. ... it means that breaking the window and therefore creating unnecessary work actually profited the village.

the best example of this is World War II. US and European economies were stagnate from the Great Depression with many idle workers. Then a war came along with two sides blowing up each others infrastructure. You would think this would make both sides poorer because on the surface it looks like a giant destruction of wealth, yet ... Immediately after the war both the US, European, and South Pacific economies began to grow at unprecedented rates

He hasn't solved the window fallacy. He's committed it. Even if the glazier makes some discovery, we don't know what price was paid for it because we don't know what would have happened if the store owner spent his money some other way. Maybe the butcher, the baker, or the candlestick maker would have made some discovery with far-reaching benefits. No one knows where the innovations will come from, but one thing is certain: The village is definitely poorer for losing the window.

Likewise, the innovations that came out of the war might have occurred without the total devastation of Europe. If governments had allowed the depression to end naturally, economic forces would have driven development and modernization. The war mainly just broke a lot of windows (and bodies). We would have had good stuff without it.

Mark Freeman wrote:

Remember please that air travel gets subsidies too. On your program tonight, could you compare the subsidy trains get vs. air travel? I suspect airlines get a lot more government subsidy. There are legions of air traffic controllers, well paid FAA employees and more that the taxpayers pay for.

Randall O'Toole responds:

Airline subsidies mainly consist of subsidies to local airports. But if you average subsidies out, it's about one penny per passenger mile for airlines. But Amtrak gets about 25 cents per mile, and I estimate that light rail gets an average of about 70 cents a mile.

[Air traffic control and the FAA are] paid for by the airlines. And we'd be better off if we privatized that. Canada, Switzerland, and many other countries have already done that, and it improved air traffic control, made it much more efficient.

You can watch what sparked these reactions by tuning into Fox Business tonight at 10pm ET (repeating Saturday at 7pm ET and Sunday at 11pm ET)
