Some of these are already here, but this condenses all the Ren and Stimpy music into one torrent, plus adds three volumes of production audio and an interview album.

All thanks and props go to VonCheech, Kirk Demarais, meatwadsays and the other spleeners (and anyone else out there) who helped put this together and upload it in the first place. 

All files are mp3 except Little Eediot, which is FLAC

CONTAINS:
Radio Daze
Little Eediot (interview)
Ren & Stimpy - Production Music
Ren & Stimpy - Production Music vol. 2
Ren & Stimpy - Production Music vol. 3
You Eediot!
Crock O' Christmas


Quote:
Production Music (fan compilations) ---

"From the moment I experienced my very first brilliantly stupendous episode of the Ren & Stimpy show my brain has ruminated on how to get my hands on that wonderful vintage "incidental music" that sets the tone for their zany, wacky, madcap antics. Eventually the internet taught me that the music of Ren & Stimpy comes from all over the place. Some was written for the show, some are well known classical pieces, and there are quite a few works by Raymond Scott. For me, the most elusive stuff has always been the authentic "production music" from the 1950s.

Put simply, these melodies have enriched my life. Play them on your drive to work and you're the star of an instructional traffic safety film, turn it on during dinner and mealtime becomes 80% happier (but be careful.. play the wrong track and you could wind up with a touch of Space Madness). Best of all you can listen and imagine that you live in the world of Ren and Stimpy where the walrus-napping horse is your next door neighbor, where the toy stores are stocked with Log from Blammo, and a visit from Powdered Toast Man is just a complaint away!

Since this stuff is already available 'out there' I decided to add some extra value before I handed it off to you folks, and therefore I did the following..
-Designed an "album cover" for the collection (as seen above)
(Bill Wray illustration swiped from his web site.)
-Hunted down and tagged the name of every artist for every stinkin' track
-Added a couple tracks that I had that weren't included in the bundle
-Created a track listing based on musical styles. It kicks off with some general '50s domestic lollygagging tunes and then it gets more downtown hustle and bustle-ish. After that it goes spooky, glamorous, romantic, and finally dramatic.

It is my pleasure to present you with the unofficial Ren & Stimpy Production Music collection. Be happy happy and enjoy joy joy it!"

- kirk demarais

109 Total tracks (MP3, 192 kbps)



Production Music vol. 2 ---

"Here it is folks, the long-awaited second volume of vintage incidental music that was excavated for the Ren and Stimpy show. Most of this stuff seems to come from the post John K. era with several notable exceptions that were sorely missing from the first batch (i.e. Shock Horror which blared as the news "Ren Hoek Takes Bubbly Sponge Bath" hit the streets), but even if you're as unfamiliar with the later episodes as I am, you're still bound to find something you enjoy among the one hundred and ninety-four selections (that's five full hours to you and me). Compared to the last set this collection is much more massive, but it's less focused stylistically; however, this amounts to a broader and wackier range of music.

Once again, the original curators of this amassment remain shrouded in the shadows of cyberspace, but we can thank blogger Voncheech for recently upping them. And just like last time, I contributed a cover (featuring another Bill Wray masterwork), looked up and ID tagged the artists, and made a track list. Again I tried to arrange it according to musical styles. It starts with plucky mid-century easy listening, and turns glamorous before going nutso eclectic ( You name it...rag time, folk, barroom piano, jazz, country, big band, banjo pickin', traditional German, Irish, French, and Eastern, and no shortage of polkas) followed by romantic, classical, drama and suspense, all punctuated with an assortment of short cues. You're practically guaranteed to like it if you like the same things I do... wax paper... boiled football leather... dog breath. We're not hitchhiking anymore... we're riding."

194 tracks (MP3, 192 kbps), Run time: 5 hours




Production Music vol. 3 ---

Provided by VonCheech




You Eediot! (out of print) ---

'a compilation of music featured in the landmark Nickelodeon cartoon series The Ren and Stimpy Show. The album featured several popular songs from the series, including the single "Kilted Yaksmen Anthem" (from the episode "The Royal Canadian Kilted Yaksmen") and "Happy Happy Joy Joy" (from "Stimpy's Invention").

Because the album was released a year after the departure of creator John Kricfalusi, his vocals were re-recorded by Billy West (who had replaced him as the voice of Ren Höek in the series).

The album peaked at #156 on the Billboard 200.

The album cover is a parody of The Beatles album Abbey Road, showing Mr. Horse, Muddy Mudskipper, Stimpy, and Ren walking across the street in the place of the Beatles.'

track listing:

01. The Whistler/Overture
02. Dog Pound Hop (Opening Theme)
03. Muddy Mudskipper Theme
04. Happy, Happy, Joy, Joy
05. Fire Dogs
06. Better Than No One
07. Nose Goblins
08. Smokin'
09. Log Blues/Log Theme
10. Captain's Log/Space Madness
11. Sven Theme
12. Sven Blues
13. Don't Whiz On The Electric Fence
14. Ren's Pecs
15. I'm Gonna Be A Monkey
16. Filthy's Dance
17. Jungle Boogie
18. Dizzy Monkees
19. Kilted Yaksmen Anthem
20. The Whistler/Underture
21. Big House Blues (Closing Theme)

21 tracks (MP3, 160 kbps) 52 MB

much thanks to kirk demarais
http://secretfunspot.com



Little Eediot! Interview ---

Thanks to Krokodyle for this addition;
'As mentioned before, this is the first disc of the 2CD promo from 1993 (the second disc is just three tracks from 'You Eediot").  For those of you who are familiar with official 'interview discs', you know the drill.  For those that aren't: these tracks are Ren & Stimpy's responses to questions, of which were meant to be read by the DJ from the accompanying booklet.  The entire interview runs about 10 minutes.'




Crock O' Christmas ---

'a humorous music/story Christmas album featuring Nickelodeon's early 1990s animated characters Ren & Stimpy.

The album, released September 21, 1993, follows Ren and Stimpy as they prepare for the holidays; in their case, the holiday is "Yaksmas Eve," a reference to the second episode of the original 1991 season in which they prepare for Yak Shaving Day and a visit from the Gilded Yak via his flying "enchanted canoe." Soiled diapers are hung from mantelpieces in lieu of Christmas stockings while another tradition calls for filling of one's uncle's boots with coleslaw. It is hoped that the Gilded Yak, who lives at the "West Pole" and who appears via the drain of the bathtub, will leave shaving cream scum in the bathroom sink.

Ren & Stimpy's Crock O' Christmas was re-released on compact disc August 5, 1997 on the Rhino Kid record label. As in the case with later episodes of the television program, Billy West provided the speaking and singing voices of both Ren and Stimpy.'

track listing:

1. Fleck the Walls
2. Cat Hairballs
3. We Wish You a Hairy Chestwig - Ren & Stimpy, Armbruster, Tom
4. It's a Wizzleteats Kind of Christmas
5. We're Going Shopping
6. Yak Shaving Day
7. What Is Christmas?
8. Cobb to the World
9. Happy Holiday Hop
10. I Hate Christmas
11. The Twelve Days of Yaksmas
12. Decorate Yourself




Radio Daze ---

'an album featuring the cartoon characters Ren & Stimpy, released in 1995. This album by Ren & Stimpy also had a contest which was The King Of The Airwaves contest. The contest ended February 1, 1996.'

track listing:

1. "Opening" - 1:28
2. "I Wanna Be a DJ" - 3:46
3. "Caller #5" - 5:48
4. "King of the Airwaves" - 3:46
5. "Is Anyone Out There" - 4:01
6. "On the Road" - 4:08
7. "Any Freeway You Take" - 5:12
8. "Hard Time" - 3:52
9. "Powdered Toastman" - 5:09
10. "In Hollywood" - 4:02
11. "Take a Walk on the Muddy Side" - 4:48
12. "Dead End Job" - 2:45
13. "Stuck With You" - 3:18