HDD Regenerator 1.71 Pro
------------------------


HDD Regenerator is a unique program for regeneration of physically damaged hard 
disk drives. It does not hide bad sectors, it really restores them! Hard disk 
drive is an integral part of every computer. It stores all your information. 
One of the most prevalent defects of hard drives is bad sectors on the disk 
surface. Bad sectors are a part of the disk surface which contains not readable, 
but frequently necessary information. As a result of bad sectors you may have 
difficulties to read and copy data from your disk, your operating system becomes 
unstable and finally your computer may unable to boot altogether. When a hard 
drive is damaged with bad sectors, the disk not only becomes unfit for use, but 
also you risk losing information stored on it. The HDD Regenerator can repair 
damaged hard disks without affecting or changing existing data. As a result, 
previously unreadable and inaccessible information is restored.


Main benefits
Hard disk drive is an integral part of every computer. It stores all your 
information. One of the most prevalent defects of hard drives is bad sectors on 
the disk surface. Bad sectors are a part of the disk surface which contains not 
readable, but frequently necessary information. As a result of bad sectors you 
may have difficulties to read and copy data from your disk, your operating system 
becomes unstable and finally your computer may unable to boot altogether. When a 
hard drive is damaged with bad sectors, the disk not only becomes unfit for use, 
but also you risk losing information stored on it. The HDD Regenerator can repair 
damaged hard disks without affecting or changing existing data. As a result, 
previously unreadable and inaccessible information is restored.  

How it works
Almost 60% of all hard drives damaged with bad sectors have an incorrectly 
magnetized disk surface. We have developed an algorithm which is used to repair 
damaged disk surfaces. This technology is hardware independent, it supports many 
types of hard drives and repairs damage that even low-level disk formatting cannot
repair. As a result, previously unreadable information will be restored. Because 
of the way the repair is made, the existing information on the disk drive will not 
be affected!

Can the HDD Regenerator repair your drive?
Almost 60 % of damaged hard disks can be repaired by regeneration. You can always 
download free demo version and try to regenerate the first found bad sector. 
The main purpose of the unregistered demo version is to display a report which 
contains information about the possibility to regenerate the entire disk by means 
of the registered full version. If the first found bad sector has been 
successfully regenerated, you can buy the product to regenerate all bad sectors 
on your hard drive. If the first bad sector has NOT been successfully regenerated,
then replace your hard disk drive as soon as possible.

Important notes
Since the program does not change the logical structure of a hard drive, the 
file system may still show some sectors marked earlier as 'bad', and other disk 
utilities such as Scandisk will detect logical bad sectors even though the disk 
has been successfully regenerated and is no longer damaged by physical bad 
sectors. If you want to remove these marks, repartition the hard disk drive.


Features:
* Ability to detect physical bad sectors on a hard disk drive surface.
* Ability to repair physical bad sectors(magnetic errors) on a hard disk surface.
* The product ignores file system, scans disk at physical level. It can be used 
  with FAT,NTFS or any other file system, and also with unformatted.


/Ubehage