Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/233_5.jpg.html

CD 1
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/232_6.jpg.html

CD 2
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/231_7.jpg.html

CD 3
 
http://www.seedimage.com/show.php/230_8.jpg.html


Timo is an adventurous Russian sex performer who loves getting wild with beautiful girls, especially in exotic locations and in full public view! His footage is raw, spontaneous, packed with freaky fucking, and Timo proves to be just as uninhibited as that of the natural-bodied, innocent-but-eager darlings he corrupts. In Like Timo is a sprawling double-DVD that shows his fearless, unapologetic style with a bevy of young, breathtaking beauties, particularly the stunning Lillian. Timo prepares gorgeous, blonde Lillian for some of his public fun: He poses her pretty form, fingers and masturbates her, and her butthole gapes voluntarily. She shows her deep-throat and butt-fuck skills on a dildo before he works all three of her hot holes with his stiff prick. With Lillian fully warmed up, Timo brings her to a nightclub, where she meets and dances with Maya Simpson, a similar blonde beauty. They dance, flirt and kiss in the club and outside by a picturesque lake before returning to Timo's place for a ribald threesome. There the girls eat pussy and share his cock — both girls are deep-throaters. Foot-sucking, deep anal cock-reaming and ass-to-mouth blow jobs are the order of the evening. Lillian strokes Timo's meat with her feet till he blasts his juice into Maya's mouth, and with no inhibition, Timo slurps his cream from Maya's mouth and face before drooling the messy mass into Lillian's! Cruising the lake on his speedboat, Timo comes across pretty sun bunnies Roberta and Cutie lounging naked on the rocks. He persuades them to ride on his watercraft, and after some exhilarating runs he whips out his cock for some on-the-water cocksucking. The girls get so into it that Timo brings them back to his place, where things get really racy. He inspires them with footage of his wild sexual antics in a nightclub — we see him eating naked asses and getting his cock worked as patrons dance all around him. There's full-on fucking, deep anal plowing and shameless cock sucking, and from the looks of this footage, anything goes in Russian clubs! The beach bunnies and Timo enjoy a menage-a-trois with a heavy anal accent back at his apartment. The ladies clearly love lesbian dalliance, both lovelies get their buttholes plowed and they enjoy ass-to-mouth flavor. Wild Timo carry-fucks the girls, who lick each other as Timo dicks them. At last he blasts both pretty faces with semen. And that's just Disc One! At press time, untamed Timo hasn't even turned in the rest of his movie, but he tells us that Disc Two will include his adventure with three hotties (Ellen Lotus, Lillian and Amelie); and his nasty four-way with Summer Breeze, Innessa and a second dude. Finally, there will be a party scene with delicious Lioness and Barbie ... when Timo parties, watch out!
Timo's In Like Timo is a double-disc DVD with cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list and trailers.