 http://leetleech.org/images/11359366145927834359.jpg

Reallusion iClone PRO 4.2 | 305MB


The new version 4.2, which is offered in the hand, appeared in April 2010, now on the site already offered 4.3. The company is working very actively and accurately. 

Reallusion iClone 4 is a powerful tool for the production of motion-graphics, 3D animation and video compositing packages. iClone 4.2 includes new features that combine video production with 3D-animation of real time. 

The annex has been prepared 3D-characters, as well as everything you need to create their virtual living space - clothes, props, scenery. In iClone is also a large library of motions that can be set to characters. But the most interesting feature of the program - use of 3D-characters pictures of real people. To do this, use patented technology FaceTrix, turn your photos into 3D. 
The program interacts well with the editors of 2D-graphics, which simplifies editing patterns, and also supports the program 3ds Max or Maya, by which you can create a library of elements for the characters. All scenes can be visualized in real time based on topography, reflection and transparency. 

In version 4.2 an opportunity to create 3D stereo images, and import images from external video 
Name of Program: Reallusion iClone PRO 
Program Version: 4.2 
Latest version: 4.3 
Language: eng 
Treatment: Complete 

System requirements: 
Windows 7 / Windows Vista / Windows XP (With Service Pack 2 or later) 
Support for 32-bit and 64-bit operating system 
Dual core CPU or higher 
2GB RAM or higher recommended 
2GB free hard disk space or higher recommended 
Display Resolution: 1024 x 768 or higher 
Graphics Card: nVIDIA GeForce 8 Series or higher / ATI HD 3000 Series or higher 
Video Memory: 512MB RAM or higher recommended 
Video card compatible with Pixel Shader 3.0 recommended for optimized visual performance 
Sound card / Keyboard / Mouse / Speaker 
3-button mouse 
DirectX 9 and WMEncoder 9 are required for WMV exporting 
Internet connection required for online activation 

Please note that installing off from the Internet. And then it is desirable to disconnect it from the program, since for all its charms, very fond mark on its website and no are cracks do not help. 

Additional Information: 
For the period of installation disconnect from the Internet. 
Fans of adrenaline can register on the site of the program and open it yourself ekaunt. They are expected to be able to download free bonuses and software updates. 
We have proposed to upgrade to version 4.3. Is it free - not tested. I have since departed 4.1.1 will no longer be risked. But the possibility of such slack exists, and what to report. 
The procedure for treatment: 
The program checks for the correct serial number through the Internet connection. 
Therefore, a firewall block it, or disable the Internet during installation. 
In the program folder contains a file with a serial number, enter it and quietly run the program. 
