LAS VEGAS - TV show H.264 .m4v/.mp4
- - - - - -
SEASON 5
- - - - - -

NEW SEED. Please keep this and ALL of the other Las Vegas torrents seeding as I have limited bandwidth. 

I'm planning on doing the same .m4v/.mp4 rips from DVD with the show NCIS in the near future…but only if we can keep Las Vegas seeding.

- - - - - - - 

The death of the TV show Las Vegas. 

Big Ed leaves in the first hour to be replaced by Tom Selleck. The show just lost it's spark after the writers strike, ratings fell with each episode and NBC killed the show after 19 episodes.

Of course there is no natural ending and the show ended with a cliff-hanger that was and never will be resolved.

- - - - - - - 
There are a few known problems.

The disks I rented had some scratches. I had a hard time getting the double episode 1 and 2 ripped. After a dual pass scan came out with just a few 1 second chunk pixilation issues, but the rip is FAR better than what I could find on the broadcast side.

Episode 3 is a different story. It was trashed so I substituted a broadcast rip that unfortunately has a sound sync problem in the last 3 minutes. It's not enough to drive you crazy but is noticeable in the last of the show.

I tried to fast scan through each episode after I ripped it and watched samples of each episode for audio and video quality checks. 


------------
I'm a big fan of this show and unfortunately there are some pretty crappy torrents available for these shows and all in an .avi format

I rented the DVD's of Las Vegas and ripped H.264 MP4 files of each episode. The files have a suffix of .m4v as they were ripped using Handbrake with an Apple TV standard so they can be played on any iPod, iPhone, iPad, Apple TV or in iTunes. They can also be played on any compliant player but you may need to change the suffix from .m4v to .mp4.

There are no subtitles or alternate languages.

Full episode descriptions can be found at:
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Las_Vegas_episodes
