OCTAVE Biography (Translated with Google Translate)

Real name: Octavian Teodorescu 
Alias artistic Octave 
He was born on January 29, 1963, in Bucharest. Since childhood he liked all types of 
instruments and music in general. Although his parents observasera this, have not targeted 
in this respect. 
At the age of 16 years saw the first rock concert life: Suzi Quatro Live in Bucharest in 1979. The impact was very 
strong. This sort of artistic expression, Rock, will mark since becoming artistic ulteriora teenager. 
The effect is much amplified by the age of 17 years watching the movie "The Last Waltz" Martin Scorsese's (March, 
video image processor as the events at Woodstock). The film was the subject of the band's farewell concert 
The Band, is actually a tribute dedicated an entire generation that led Keyword Rock at its peak in '70. In the film 
appear as guests Eric Clapton, Ringo Starr, Bob Dylan, Muddy Watters, Van Morrison, Neil 
Young, Joni Mitchell, Ronnie Wood of the Rolling Stones. The words of Robbie Robertson 
(guitarist of The Band) had a strong resonance in the consciousness of the future Octave, 
gaining for him the value of a sacred message: "Our concert is more than one 
Farewell concert, represents the end of an era and the beginning of another in the rock. We let 
you, those of today, our work, which I created in November before. Be careful what you do with 
it "understands the moment that rock is more than music is a way to 
be, to think, to get this in society, is an existential optics, a philosophy which 
far corresponded with what he learns at school then. Since then, all 
energies begin to concentrate in a single tel: TO ROCK! 
file: / / / E | / Text / EN / BIO.HTM (1 von 4) 21.08.2004 13:14:13 
Octave Biography 
In 1982 he was taken to army. He took with him a guitar. Patterns imposed by the military regime 
and lack of freedom they provoke even more, to the despair of his superiors, preferring 
guitar instead of Kalashnikov rifles. Unfortunately, he could sing only in the laundry 
company, Dreaming of "Sweet Freedom" when they return home and will start a 
band. The day came in June '83. After it was student of 
Installations for the building, but this kind of school was not for him. After two years it has 
decided to leave school and become a professional musician. 
In November 1985 he founded his first group called Dream. Soft Rock with style approach was influenced from bands 
and Eagles and Dire Straits. With this group he performed only in small clubs. 
In May 1988 the band disbanded and became the name of Octave, forbidding censorship Originally Vis. Home 
Registration took place in February (same year) on Radio Bucharest. 
After the Revolution, on March 90 saw the first appearance in TVR, which was a great surprise to lovers rock 
in Romania. In February 1991 he decided to play only instrumental rock. So was born the idea of 
Rock opera "Trilogy Octave. In June '92 was signed first contract with Electrecord discs for 
album Secret Pyramids. The '92 was held August 27 release of The Secret Pyramid "which was the most 
successful rock after the Revolution, Rock the House bestseller section Electrecord record and second place in rankings 
General. This album has promoted a new style, new sound, new music, forming a 
great and pleasant surprise to the public and the media. 
Octavian Teodorescu Octave is his own manager and has demonstrated excellent 
in this work. On all radio and can listen to the music of televziune, 
numerous magazines and newspapers wrote about it. 
September 16, 1993 meant the appearance of his first single, "Is it climbed one step, 
extracted from the future album "The gates of love", the second part of the trilogy. The single 
was a promotional success. 
On December 3, 1993 has been 
launch of the second 
album, "The gates of love" 
bestseller in the category rock 
Electrecord house record in 1993. There appeared new videos and 
a lot of interviews about Octave, in all types of 
newspapers and magazines, radio and television. On September 15, 1994 to 
was launched the third part of the trilogy, the album "Sweet 
Liberty, also best in sales to Elecrecord 
that year between rock groups. 
Octave is now a very popular name. Excerpts from his plays are used as generic to many radio 
and TV: Church, 25 Transit Time TV, Time Europe, etc.. 
file: / / / E | / Text / EN / BIO.HTM (2 von 4) 21.08.2004 13:14:13 
Octave Biography 
On March 24 came a double CD (the first of its kind in Romania) with the entire trilogy: "The secret of the Pyramids", "The 
Gates of Love "," Sweet Freedom ". It was the biggest musical events in Romania: a lot of fans, media, 
artistic and political personalities, representatives of embassies and sponsors the world famous: Optinova-Ray Ban, 
Honda. A great music store in Tokyo was interested in this CD. Through his music came on the market 
in Japan. 
Octave launched in November 20, 1996 new album "I told dreamer", the 
fourth to record Electrecord. A very special album, an album without guitars, 
no voices, no classical instruments, computers and synthesizers only one album and a 
one man with bold ideas, a computer keys album reaching but also more 
inspiration, a new musical realm where the author he reads Electronic Symphonic 
Rock Music, a common denominator for all styles of music, a music that tries to 
satisfy any taste, irrespective of age and however the general ideas of a 
single philosophy: ROCK 
A daring thought sharpens album, an album for those who like to dream feasible, an album that emphasizes 
main ideas, important creative role in the relationship man-machine computer. A product bearing the inscription "Made in 
England, 10 pieces signed Octavian Teodorescu, ideal for a sound superdigitalizat 
audition CD. 
The release took place at the Music store, an atmosphere of 100% in western 
are forming a real show. Octave came after some waiting, 
accompanied by a bodyguard more unusual. Left and right of Agnes were 
Magda (Agnes Nagy Third place at Miss Universe 1998 Top Model of the World), some 
of the most beautiful models in Hungary, which, 
in turn, were flanked by what he called Octave 
"... bodyguardelor bodyguards. An agency all over 
models from Romania, Sequoia, divided among 
audience - made up of fans, school kids and school 
general, their parents and even grandparents - materials 
Octave promotional posters, stickers, badges, 
advertising flyers and smiles. After the autographs of 
rigor, followed a press conference three hours, with prizes and a style superpetrecere 
"Rock me baby all night long" at Maxx Club of Director, where there headquarters 
Octave fans. Sponsors of the launches were AGFA Film, Optinova-Ray Ban, 
Honda Hit Power Torah Motors, Diesel Jeans, National Centurion Protection, Club Maxx, 
Python Systems Computers, Fx Design, Tele 7abc, Radio 2M + and newspaper Cotidianul. 
Groups of fans, journalists, radio and television people, VIPs, sponsors, so a 
word, friends of Octave, a total of about 700 people, were all together at 
whom it was said, and they say and will say dreamer. 