In the year 2000, Theses & Dissertations Press started an ambitious series of scholarly books addressing various topics of the so-called Jewish 'Holocaust' of the WWII era. They all have a highly critical, if not skeptical attitude toward the commonly held views on this topic, and are usually referred to as "revisionist" in nature. These books are designed to have the power to both convince the common reader as well as academics in this field. The final goal is to eventually tip the academic scale, so that academia will start doing its duty: to demand and pursue public scrutiny of this most influential topic of all western societies. Because as long as academics don't do this, the media and politicians certainly will not do it either.

So far, the following books have appeared in this series (to learn more about them, click on the link):
Volume 1: Germar Rudolf (ed.), Dissecting the Holocaust. The Growing Critique of ‘Truth’ and 'Memory', 2nd., revised paperback edition
Dissecting the Holocaust applies state-of-the-art scientific technique and classic methods of detection to investigate the alleged murder of millions of Jews by Germans during World War II. In 22 contributions of each ca. 30 pages, the 17 authors dissect generally accepted paradigms of the ‘Holocaust’. It reads as exciting as a crime novel. This is the intellectual adventure of the 21st century.
Volume 2: Germar Rudolf, The Rudolf Report. Expert Report on Chemical and Technical Aspects of the "Gas Chambers" of Auschwitz
The so-called Leuchter Report about the alleged gas chambers of Auschwitz and Majdanek has been subject to massive, and partly justified, criticism. Rudolf wrote a thorough forensic study about the alleged gas chambers of Auschwitz which irons out the deficiencies and discrepancies of the Leuchter Report. The Rudolf Report is the first English edition of this sensational scientific work.
Volume 3: Jürgen Graf, The Giant With Feet of Clay. Raul Hilberg and his Standard Work on the 'Holocaust'
Raul Hilberg's major work The Destruction of European Jewry is generally considered the standard work on the Holocaust. Jürgen Graf applies the methods of critical analysis to Hilberg’s evidence and examines the results in the light of Revisionist historiography. The results of Graf’s critical analysis are devastating for Hilberg.
Volume 4: Jürgen Graf, Carlo Mattogno, Concentration Camp Stutthof and its Function in National Socialist Jewish Policy
According to communist literature, the Stutthof camp was a ‘makeshift’ extermination camp within the framework of the so-called ‘Final Solution of the Jewish Question’ in 1944. Jürgen Graf and Carlo Mattogno have examined this view of Stutthof. Not only do the authors prove that the Stutthof camp did not serve as a ‘makeshift’ extermination camp...
Volume 5: Jürgen Graf, Carlo Mattogno, Concentration Camp Majdanek. A Historical and Technical Study
Common information available on the Madjanek camp is thoroughly discredited Polish Communists propaganda. With their exhaustive study, Mattogno and Graf expertly dissect and repudiate the myth of homicidal gas chambers at Majdanek. They also investigated the legendary mass executions of Jews in tank trenches ("Operation Harvest Festival" critically and prove them groundless.
Volume 6: Don Heddesheimer, The First Holocaust. Jewish Fund Raising Campaigns With Holocaust Claims During And After World War One
Supported with many publications, in particular from The New York Times, the author shows that between 1916 and the late 1920s, mainly American Jewish organizations were claiming that up to six million Jews(!) would suffer terribly in Eastern Europe and would face a holocaust if they did not receive massive aid.
Volume 7: Arthur R. Butz, The Hoax of the Twentieth Century, third, revised and expanded edition
Professor A. R. Butz was the first (and so far the only) writer to treat the entire Holocaust complex from the Revisionist perspective, in a precise scientific manner. This book exhibits the overwhelming force of historical and logical arguments which Revisionism had accumulated by the middle of the 70s. This new edition comes with several supplements adding new information.
Volume 8: Carlo Mattogno, Jürgen Graf, Treblinka. Extermination Camp or Transit Camp?
It is claimed that at Treblinka camp, between 700,000 and 3,000,000 Jews were murdered in 1942 and 1943. The weapons used were alleged to have been stationary and/or mobile gas chambers, poison gases of both fast acting and slow acting varieties, unslaked lime, superheated steam, electricity, diesel exhaust fumes... This thorough study exposes the Treblinka hoax.
Volume 9: Carlo Mattogno, Belzec in Propaganda, Testimonies, Archeological Research, and History
It is claimed that at Belzec camp, between 600,000 and 3,000,000 Jews were murdered in 1941 and 1942. The weapons used were alleged to have been diesel gas chambers; unslaked lime in trains; high voltage; vacuum chambers... The official image of Belzec is explained and thoroughly criticized. Forensic excavations were performed in the late 1990s in Belzec, the results of which are explained and critically reviewed.
Volume 10: Carlo Mattogno, Special Treatment in Auschwitz
According to official historiography, terms like "special treatment," or "special action," when occurring in German documents in the context of the "Holocaust", were camouflage words which really meant the killing of inmates.
By bringing numerous documents into their proper historical context, Carlo Mattogno shows that this interpretation is profoundly wrong...
Volume 11: Carlo Mattogno, The Bunkers of Auschwitz. Black Propaganda versus History
The so-called “Bunkers” at Auschwitz are claimed to have been the first homicidal gas chambers at Auschwitz specifically erected for this purpose in early 1942. With help of the files of the Auschwitz construction office, this study shows that these “Bunkers” never existed, how the rumors of these alleged gas chambers evolved as black propaganda created by resistance groups within the camp, and how this propaganda was transformed into ‘reality’ by historians.
Volume 12: Ingrid Weckert, Jewish Emigration from the Third Reich
The emigration of Jews from the Third Reich is often depicted as some kind of secret action, as if Jews who wished to leave Germany had to sneak across the borders, leaving all their possessions and wealth behind. The truth is that the emigration was welcomed by the German authorities. German and Jewish authorities worked closely together. Weckert's booklet explains such legal determinations, thereby augmenting the traditionally received picture of Jews emigrating from Germany.
Volume 13: Carlo Mattogno, The Central Construction Office in Auschwitz
Based upon documents form Moscow archives, this study describes the history, organization, tasks, and procedures of the Central Construction Office of the Waffen-SS and Police Auschwitz. It provides a deep understanding of this office, which was responsible for the planning and construction of the Auschwitz camp complex.
Volume 14: Germar Rudolf (ed.), Auschwitz: Plain Facts. A Response to Jean-Claude Pressac
During the late 1980/early 1990s, late French scholar Jean-Claude Pressac published two books that where hailed as the ultimate refutation of revisionist arguments. This book exposes the massive flaws and incredible deficiencies of Pressac's unscientific work. With contribution by Germar Rudolf, Serge Thion, Robert Faurisson, and Carlo Mattogno.


Volume 15: Germar Rudolf, Lectures on the Holocaust. Controversial Issues Cross Examined
Since 1991, German scholar Germar Rudolf does researching, publishing, and lecturing on the Holocaust. This book offers the main arguments for being skeptic about the Holocaust in a very sensitive way. All arguments and counter-arguments are discussed in a virtual exchange with the reader. The best introduction to revisionism one can find.


Volume 16: Fred A. Leuchter, Robert Faurisson, Germar Rudolf, The Leuchter Reports. Critical Edition
Between 1988 and 1991, American expert on execution technologies Fred Leuchter wrote four expert reports addressing the question whether or not the Third Reich operated homicidal gas chambers. The first report on Auschwitz and Majdanek became world famous. This edition republishes all four reports, and accompanies the first one with critical notes and research updates.


Volume 17: Carlo Mattogno, Auschwitz: Open Air Incinerations
Due to a restricted capacity of the Auschwitz crematoria, hundreds of thousands of corpses of murdered victims are said to have been incinerated in fires lit in deep trenches in Auschwitz. This study investigates all the documentary, physical, and anecdotal evidence. Carlo Mattogno shows that the stories about these open air incinerations, although based on a kernel of truth, are vastly exaggerated, and their homicidal background is untrue.


Volume 18: Germar Rudolf, Carlo Mattogno, Auschwitz Lies. Legends, Lies, and Prejudices on the Holocaust
What do Prof. G. Wellers, Prof. J. Markiewicz, Prof. J. Roth, Dr. R. Green, Prof. J. Zimmerman, and Prof. M. Shermer have in common? They all tried to refute the scientific findings of Holocaust revisionism -- and they all failed. This volume discusses these and more authors and exposes their attempts at refutation as a mixture of scientific bungling and fraud.


Volume 20: Carlo Mattogno, Auschwitz: The First Gassing. Rumor and Reality
The first gassing of human beings in Auschwitz is claimed to have occurred on Sept. 3, 1941. The accounts reporting it are the archetypes for all later gassing accounts. This study exhibits the sources about this alleged event and analyzes them critically. It shows that these sources contradict each other in every essential point, rendering it impossible to extract a consistent story. Original wartime documents inflict a final blow to the tale of the first homicidal gassing.


Volume 21: Carlo Mattogno, Auschwitz: Crematorium I and the Alleged Homicidal Gassings
The morgue of crematorium I in the Auschwitz concentration camp is said to have been the first location where mass gassings of Jews occurred over an extended period of time. This study investigates all the documentary, physical, and anecdotal evidence. Carlo Mattogno shows that this morgue always was only what it was meant to be: a morgue.
 
http://vho.org/GB/Books/HHS.html

#19 still in preparation.