FL  Studio  9  is   a  complete  software  music   production  environment, 
   representing the culmination of more  than 10 years of sustained  & focused 
   development. FL9 is the fastest way from your brain to your speakers. 
             
   FL  Studio  is  a   full-featured,  open  architecture,  music   production 
   environment capable of audio  recording, composing, sequencing and  mixing, 
   for the creation of professional quality music. The FL Studio philosophy is 
   creative freedom: 
             
   Free your audio - Route any instrument to any mixer track. Each mixer track 
   can receive audio from any number of instruments, any number of other mixer 
   tracks and a soundcard input. Mixer tracks, in turn, can send audio to  any 
   number of  other mixer  tracks and  a soundcard  output. Create  sub-mixes, 
   effects chains  or complex  mixes. FL  studio’s flexible  architecture sets 
   audio free.  
             
   Free your  mind -  Choose your  preferred workflow,  compose using the step 
   -sequencer or  piano roll.  Create in  pattern or  track mode, then arrange 
   your ideas in the free  ‘palette’ Playlist. The Playlist presents  timeline 
   as a virtual   ‘canvas’ where each  Playlist track can  simultaneously hold 
   any number of score, audio and automation events. Now that’s freedom. 
             
             
   Instruments 
             
   Make  virtually any  sound -  FL9 includes  over 30  software synthesizers 
   covering  acoustic/synthetic  bass,  electric  guitar,  multi-sampler tools 
   including piano & strings,  general sample playback and  beat-slicing (With 
   Rex 1 & 2 support).  
             
   Synthesis techniques -  span subtractive, modelling,  FM, RM, granular  and 
   additive. With the addition of FL SynthMaker you can further create & share 
   your own FL instruments, effects & MIDI control dashboards without the need 
   to write basic code. 
             
   Open  plugin  standards  -  FL  Studio  supports  all  PC  industry  plugin 
   instrument standards including VSTi (1/2), DXi(1/2), Buzz and Rewire.  This 
   means you can sequence with your favorite plugins and applications.   
             
             
   Audio Recording & Editing 
             
   Multi-channel audio inputs - With the ability to simultaneously capture all 
   the inputs on your audio-interface, FL Studio has the flexibility to record 
   a single vocalist, guitar or a full symphony orchestra.  
             
   Arranging  audio -  Audio can  be arranged,  with complete  freedom in  the 
   Playlist. Features include the ability to host an unlimited number of audio 
   recordings,   time-stretching,   pitch-shifting,   beat-slicing,  cropping, 
   editing and the re-arranging of audio with only a few mouse clicks.   
             
   Edison -  FL9’s audio  capabilities are  further enhanced  with Edison, the 
   recording wave editor. Edison is an integrated audio editing and  recording 
   tool  with spectral  analysis, convolution  reverb, noise  reduction, loop 
   -recording, loop-construction tools and more.  
             
   FL Studio supports WAV, MP3, OGG, WavPack, AIFF, and REX audio formats. 
             
             
   Sequencing 
             
   Compose and record your musical performances and ideas in the most  logical 
   way.      
             
   Pattern or track sequencing - You choose, record your musical  performances 
   and ideas in the most logical way. FL Studio 9 can simultaneously  function 
   as a pattern and track based sequencer. Reuse patterns as Pattern Clips  in 
   the Playlist or record song-length sequences, as desired. 
             
   Step sequencer or Piano roll - Scoring tools include FL Studio’s  legendary 
   Step-sequencer,  one of  the most  advanced Piano  roll’s in  any software 
   studio, event and multipoint automation envelopes. FL Studio supports  MIDI 
   input, standard controller compatibility, and the ability to simultaneously 
   control multiple instrument channels from separate controllers.  
             
             
   Arranging 
             
   FL Studio allows you to do what you want where and when you want. 
             
   Determine your own  project design -  In FL Studio  9, you decide  how your 
   project  will be  laid out.  Unlike the  competition, FL9's  Playlist is  a 
   totally  flexible and  virtually unbounded  workspace where  Note Pattern, 
   Audio and Automation data can be arranged and edited to suit your  creative 
   ideas and preferred workflow. 
             
             
   Mixing & Mastering 
             
             
             
   FL Studio provides all  the tools you need  to produce your tracks  to high 
   professional standards. 
             
   The mixer  - FL9  includes a  superb 104  track stereo  track mixer that is 
   about precision, control and flexibility.  The mixer’s tracks each hold  up 
   to 8 effects (VST, DX or  FL's proprietary format). To create sub-mixes  or 
   mixing  chains of  almost unlimited  complexity, each  mixer track  can be 
   routed to any other mixer track, one of 4 dedicated 'send' channels and  or 
   the Master track.  Sends provide  the ability to sidechain inputs  to multi 
   -input effects plugins. Finally, each of the mixer tracks can be routed  to 
   any output on your audio interface, now that’s flexibility. 
             
   Effects  - What  about effects?  FL Studio  includes more  than 40  effects 
   spanning   maximization,   limiting,   compression,   delay,    distortion, 
   equalization (graphic & parametric), filtering, phasing, flanging,  chorus, 
   vocoding and reverb.  These have you  covered for the  creative broad-brush 
   effects, through to the minutia of the mastering process. 
             
   Open plugin standards  – FL Studio  supports all PC  industry plugin effect 
   standards including VST (1/2), DX(1/2), Buzz and Rewire. This means you can 
   mix with your favorite plugins and applications. 
             


                            
   Check README.txt in AiR dir  
                            
   Enjoy ! It's an AiR release !!!