The Barbarians - Are You A Boy Or Are You A Girl? (1966 Garage rock)
LP (1966) To Mp3 192 mbit/s
Included: LP Front Cover and this Info

The Barbarians were an American garage band of the 1960s with a few nationally charted hits. They had their biggest hit with the novelty single "Are You a Boy or Are You a Girl?".

History
The Barbarians formed in 1964 in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Original members included Bruce Benson, Ronnie Enos, and Jerry Causi. While their debut single, "Hey Little Bird" produced by Al Ham,(on Joy Records) bombed, two of their next three singles (on Laurie) charted on Billboard, (with "Are You a Boy or Are You a Girl?" peaking at #55) and also made the Cash Box charts. "Are you a Boy" was co-written by Doug Morris, who went on to head Universal Music Group.

They received their biggest break when featured on The T.A.M.I. Show (performing "Hey Little Bird") alongside other artists such as The Rolling Stones, The Supremes, Lesley Gore, Chuck Berry, James Brown & The Famous Flames,The Miracles , and Marvin Gaye.

They wore leather sandals and grew their hair longer than most of their contemporaries. One-armed drummer Victor "Moulty" Moulton used a prosthetic hook on his left arm, having at age 14 lost part of his left arm in an explosion. Moulty was able to play drums using the prosthesis to hold a drum stick. Their minor hit, "Moulty" was a humorous and melodramatic autobiographical song chronicling the drummer's life and the loss of his hand. Moulton sings lead on "Moulty, but the other Barbarians do not play on the track. Instead, Moulton is backed by New York session musicians including members of Levon & The Hawks, later to be known as The Band. Although it barely scraped the Billboard charts, "Moulty" would gain a cult following when it was included on Lenny Kaye's Nuggets compilation in 1972,

In 1965 Boston guitarist, Geoffrey Morris replaced Ronnie Enos on lead guitar. It was Morris' arrangement of "Are You a Boy or Are You a Girl", that is heard on the single.

In 1967, Benson, Morris and Causi left the The Barbarians to form Black Pearl. The Barbarians disbanded in 1968, though not before a version of the group incorporating Denny Romans aka Demian Bell (from Maypole) as the lead guitarist and lead singer, with Walter Parks as Bass player. They combined martial arts and music by rigorously rehearsing nearly everyday at a Karate dojo owned by Moulty's brother-in-law.

The Ramones' song "Do You Remember Rock 'n' Roll Radio?" includes Moulty in its list of rock 'n' roll figures and institutions.

Review	by Richie Unterberger
While the Barbarians live up to a lot of people's vision of the classic garage band image-wise, their album is disappointing and thin-sounding. The material, none of which was penned by the group, is average and doesn't even rock terribly hard. "Are You a Boy or Are You a Girl" is here, but much of the rest of the songs are overdone standards ("House of the Rising Sun" is especially lame). "What the New Breed Say" is an okay anthem of rebellion, and "I'll Keep on Seeing You" is a modestly touching ballad. However, as eight of the 12 songs are covers and four tunes are supplied to them by songwriters not in the band, the album does not reflect much in the way of an original vision. The 2000 Sundazed reissue adds three important bonus tracks: "Moulty" and, at long last, both sides of their rare 1964 single on Joy, "Hey Little Bird"/"You've Got to Understand." "Hey Little Bird," the song they performed on their T.A.M.I. Show appearance, is easily their best track, although the studio version isn't as ferocious as their rendition on film. 

Biography	by Richie Unterberger
With their appearances on the Nuggets compilation and The T.A.M.I. Show, the Barbarians are one of the best-remembered garage bands of the '60s. Not that it's easy to forget the sight of a one-handed drummer, complete with hook, driving his band through a garage punk number in the company of the day's biggest British Invasion, soul, and surf stars. Moulty was hardly self-conscious about his handicap; on the tiny hit single immortalized on Nuggets (titled, logically enough, "Moulty"), he tells the story of the triumph over his loss in no uncertain melodramatic terms. The band also managed a somewhat bigger hit single, the British Invasion-inspired novelty "Are You a Boy or Are You a Girl." 

Tracklist:
01. Are You A Boy Or Are You A Girl
02. Mr. Tambourine Man
03. House Of the Rising Sun
04. Maria Elena
05. Bo Diddley
06. Memphis Tennesee
07. What The New Breed Say
08. Take It Or Leave It
09. I'll Keep On Seeing You
10. Linguica
11. Susie-Q
12. I've Got A Woman
13. Moulty