File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:52

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 6808 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.14 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Summer Day" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow. It was released as the first single from Crow's seventh studio album 100 Miles from Memphis.

"Summer Day" is a delightfully breezy slice of glory-days AM radio pop. "I wanted to experiment with writing something simple and positive," says Crow. "The feeling of a great, solid love—not just a new love, but something everlasting." 

The song was A-listed on BBC Radio 2 for the week commencing 3rd July.

100 Miles from Memphis is the seventh studio album from American singer and songwriter Sheryl Crow. The album was written and produced by Crow, Doyle Bramhall II and Justin Stanley and features the musicians Tommy Sims and Chris Bruce. On this album she ditches her country and pop-rock past in favor of a vintage Memphis-styled, soul-inspired record. Although an extraordinaire on such instruments as bass, piano and acoustic guitar, Crow concentrates on singing throughout the album, which features some covers, including Citizen Cope's "Sideways" and The Jackson 5's "I Want You Back".

Sheryl Suzanne Crow (born February 11, 1962) is an American singer-songwriter, musician and actress. Her music blends rock, folk and pop into one mainstream sound, and she has won nine Grammy Awards. Crow is also a liberal political activist.

She has performed with the Rolling Stones and has sung duets with Mick Jagger, Michael Jackson, Eric Clapton, Luciano Pavarotti, John Mellencamp, Kid Rock, Michelle Branch and Sting among others, and appeared on backing vocals for Tina Turner and Don Henley. Crow has released seven studio albums, two compilations, and a live album, as well as contributing many songs to film soundtracks. She has sold 16 million albums in United States and 35 million albums worldwide and her newest album, 100 Miles from Memphis, was released on July 20, 2010. Crow has won nine Grammy Awards in her career. Recently she appeared on NBC's 30 Rock and ABC's Cougar Town and acording to Disney she will be starring in a new Hannah Montana Episode on Sunday, August 8 2010. She will also be singing a song with Hannah Montana aka Miley Cyrus that is beliveably called "Love" on the commercials.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/