
MaxiVista MirrorPro v3.0.0.28 Software + Crack | 6.49 MB

MaxiVista can turn your secondary PC(s) into an additional monitor, that can be used as an extension of your primary PC. You can simply move your mouse beyond the boundaries of your main monitor and , like magic, it will appear on the second monitor - you can launch shortcuts, start programs, move applications out of the way etc. The program allows you to free desktop space without the need to switch between virtual desktop, as everything is in reach at all times.

The program runs in the system tray and can be used in full screen or partial mode on the secondary PC - a double-click on the tray icon allows you to quickly switch to standard desktops on both machines. MaxiVista is completely software based and does not require any special hardware.

It works with up to 4 PCs that are connected via Ethernet, Wireless LAN, Firewire or USB network.

Multi Monitor Software Solution :-
------------------------------------------
MaxiVista turns any spare PC into a second monitor for your main computer. No extra hardware required. You can seamlessly extend program windows across multiple screens like it would be a single big monitor. Increase your productivity by using multiple monitors
Keyboard/Mouse Switch
Control up to four computers with one single keyboard and mouse - Seamlessly move the mouse cursor to the computer you would like to control. MaxiVista cleans up your desktop and saves you from juggling multiple mouse and keyboard input devices and buying kvm switches
Clipboard Sharing New!
Files, bitmaps, formatted text and other type of data can be easily shared between all computers. Whatever you copy to the standard Windows clipboard is available in all other computer's clipboard as well.
Desktop Screen Cloning
Mirror your computer screen to another PC via any network connection without any loss in picture quality

Installation :-
------------------
1. Unpack
2. Install
3. Use Read Me First.txt file properly
4. Enjoy it!!!!!!!!!!

-------- 100% Clean -----------