Torrent Information - Review Lecture Session 5 - Chemistry.zip
Torrent managed and seeded by Erasariel

Technical Information

Found in:

The Pirate Bay

Trackers: 6

**please take note that the seeder may not be active at all times**
-------------------------

Contents:

Name							        Size

Information.txt							2.25 KB
Review Lecture Session 5 - Chemistry - Part 1.wav		31.9 MB
Review Lecture Session 5 - Chemistry - Part 2.wav		15.5 MB
Review Lecture Session 5 - Chemistry - Part 3.wav		11.0 MB
Review Lecture Session 5 - Chemistry - Part 4.wav		19.1 MB
                                                       		---------
                                                        	77.6 MB

Content Synopsis:

This is a series of four recordings of the Chemistry review lecture hosted by Mrs. Gicaraya at the Ofelia Orate Review Center this 25th of May, 2010. The review covers a wide range of topics in the field of chemistry, from matter to the atom, and then to reactions. Parts 1 and 2 include most of the lecture's contents, such as parts 3 and 4 are discussions of refresher and review tests the students took after the lunch break. About three to five minutes of footage was lost, though, since I came in late but only missed the first few topics such as matter and its definition. The quality of the recording is not perfect, but all parts are completely audible. Also, please take note as well that there might be some parts in which it seemed as if a whole part was cut. In these parts, the recorder was paused in order to save time and to keep the recordings short (if it was running when we took the exercises and tests, it'd be much longer!).

Please do take note that this lecture is in Filipino, mostly. There *are* parts in which the lecture is in English, but I strongly recommend having a good understanding of the language before attempting to download. No, there are no alternate soundtracks.

Before anyone asks, these recordings have been executed with permission from both the authorities and the teacher. This is an original recording and has not been "ripped" from any source. You may seed and help distribute this file, but please do not use this for any purpose other than academic (and especially not commercial).

Enjoy the download!

Erasariel