Passiflora
1986
Fernand Belanger/Dagmar Teufel
85 minutes

.img, 4.31 GB

bootleg edition - first ever English-subtitled version



Passiflora was the film they made about the Pope and Michael Jackson 
in 1986 and then wouldn’t let you see. The most irreverent Quebec 
documentary feature of the 1980s, Passiflora touched on too many
taboos - from transsexuality to abortion - and the National Film Board’s 
damage control went into high gear. Passiflora was invited to the 
Toronto International Film Festival in 1986, but the Board refused to 
supply an English version. Made with a then-enormous budget by the 
late anarchist youth specialist Fernand Bélanger, in collaboration with 
feminist documentarian Dagmar Teufel, Passiflora (named after an 
anaesthetic tropical flower) is more than the first up-front gay lib 
epic produced by the stodgy old national studio - it is also a graffiti 
celebration of sex and gender marginality and transgression, and a 
daring blast at the "society of the spectacle". This special revival of 
an archival 35mm print with electronic English subtitling is your 
first - and maybe last - chance to see one of the queerest films 
ever made in Canada.

- Inside Out program note 2008



Another in the seemingly endless chapters of shame at the National Film Board of Canada, this dazzlingly ambitious, daring, formally unique movie finally emerged from 22 years of stealth suppression, for a SINGLE subtitled screening at Inside Out last night. No wonder the Board cut and ran, though - this movie gives no quarter. It is 'about' the Pope's visit to Montreal, with a sidebar on the concurrent Jacksons Victory Tour, and the key refrain is "On your knees!" - spectacle equals subservience, and the upward gaze encourages us to forget those left behind. Queers, transvestites, abused women, old people on meds, crazy people, alcoholic rednecks - all are represented, but not as objects of pity, but as active agents on their own, connected if disparate journeys; and what vision it took to make those links in 1986! And what cheek to interrupt the documentary footage with these FICTIONAL scenes and characters, to layer real-life action with wacky sound effect commentary and creative dubbing and unmistakably non-'objective' asides, and that too-cute animated anarchy snake that keeps showing up. By rebelling so vividly and vitally against the strait-jacketing conventions of documentary, the filmmakers lay bare the way that these conventions are only conventions because they serve exactly the interests of power and repression that the film portrays. Never mind the anticlericism: it is expressly forbidden for a state-produced film to have this much FUN! Which is no doubt why the visionary creators of this amazing film were never allowed to make another. 

- imdb review