U.S. Nuclear Weapons Have Been Compromised by Unidentified Aerial Objects

PR Newswire

WASHINGTON, Sept. 15

Ex-military men say unknown intruders have monitored and even tampered with American nuclear missiles

Group to call on U.S. Government to reveal the facts

WASHINGTON, Sept. 15 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Witness testimony from more than 120 former or retired military personnel points to an ongoing and alarming intervention by unidentified aerial objects at nuclear weapons sites, as recently as 2003. In some cases, several nuclear missiles simultaneously and inexplicably malfunctioned while a disc-shaped object silently hovered nearby.  Six former U.S. Air Force officers and one former enlisted man will break their silence about these events at the National Press Club and urge the government to publicly confirm their reality.

One of them, ICBM launch officer Captain Robert Salas, was on duty during one missile disruption incident at  Malmstrom Air Force Base and was ordered to never discuss it.  Another participant, retired Col. Charles Halt, observed a disc-shaped object directing beams of light down into the RAF Bentwaters airbase in England and heard  on the radio that they landed in the nuclear weapons storage area. Both men will provide stunning details about these events, and reveal how the U.S. military responded.

Captain Salas notes, "The U.S. Air Force is lying about the national security implications of unidentified aerial objects at nuclear bases and we can prove it." Col. Halt adds, "I believe that the security services of both the United States and the United Kingdom have attempted—both then and now—to subvert the significance of what occurred at RAF Bentwaters by the use of well-practiced methods of disinformation."

The group of witnesses and a leading researcher, who has brought them together for the first time, will discuss the national security implications of these and other alarmingly similar incidents and will urge the government to reveal all information about them. This is a public-awareness issue.

Declassified U.S. government documents, to be distributed at the event, now substantiate the reality of UFO activity at nuclear weapons sites extending back to 1948. The press conference will also address present-day concerns about the abuse of government secrecy as well as the ongoing threat of nuclear weapons.

WHO:  Dwynne Arneson, USAF Lt. Col. Ret., communications center officer-in-charge

Bruce Fenstermacher, former USAF nuclear missile launch officer

Charles Halt, USAF Col. Ret., former deputy base commander

Robert Hastings, researcher and author

Robert Jamison, former USAF nuclear missile targeting officer

Patrick McDonough, former USAF nuclear missile site geodetic surveyor

Jerome Nelson, former USAF nuclear missile launch officer

Robert Salas, former USAF nuclear missile launch officer

WHAT:  Noted researcher Robert Hastings, author of UFOs and Nukes: Extraordinary Encounters at Nuclear Weapons Sites, will moderate a distinguished panel of former U.S. Air Force officers involved in UFO incidents at  nuclear missile sites near Malmstrom, F.E. Warren, and Walker AFBs, as well as the nuclear weapons depot at RAF Bentwaters.

WHEN:  Monday, September 27, 2010

12:30 p.m.

WHERE:  National Press Club

Holeman Lounge

Event open to credentialed media and Congressional staff only

SOURCE Former U.S. Air Force Officer Robert Salas, and Researcher Robert Hastings

--------------------------------

AVI Information
   Filename: LarryKing_7-19-2008 .divx6.avi
   Filesize: 721493034 Bytes (688.07 MB)
   Streams (i.e. Video, Audio): 2
Video Stream
   Compression: divx - DivX
   Avg. Bitrate: 2013.38 kbit/s
   Resolution: 720x480
   Color Depth: 24 bits
   Running Time: 2641.41 s (44m 1s)
   Framerate: 29.9700 fps
   Microseconds Per Frame: 33367 ms
   Frames: 79163
   Keyframes: 319 (Every 248)
Audio Stream
   Wave Type: 85 - MPEG Layer 3
   Avg. Bitrate: 160.00 kbit/s
   Sample Rate: 48000 Hz
   Bit Depth: 0 Bits
   Channels: 2
   Audio Delay: 0.00 s


Debate Over Existence of UFOs
Aired July 18, 2008 - 21:00 ET

LARRY KING, HOST: Tonight, have UFOs shut down our government's defense systems? There is evidence that something caused missiles to malfunction during test launches. Former Air Force officers tell their incredible story about the film that was confiscated by the CIA and what was on it and why don't officials want us to see it. Find out right now on LARRY KING LIVE.
 
http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0807/18/lkl.01.html


--------------------------------
 
http://www.coasttocoastam.com/show/2010/08/15

UFOs: Breaking the Silence

Date:   08-15-10
Host: George Knapp

Appearing in the second half, UFO researcher Robert Hastings talked about a press conference  at the National Press Club in Washington, DC that he and former US Air Force Capt. Robert Salas are organizing for September 27th. The conference will feature a number of former Air Force personnel discussing their first hand experiences of UFO incursions/tampering at US nuclear weapons facilities. Such incursions have also occurred at Russian nuclear sites. "This is a monumental story that has been ignored by the media...decade after decade," he stated.

In the last hour, former Air Force officer Bruce Fenstermacher joined the conversation, and described a UFO incident that took place when he was the Missile Combat Crew Commander at Warren AFB in Cheyenne, WY in 1976. Hastings speculated that the interference at nuclear sites by UFO occupants could be their way of warning us that "we are playing with fire." A free excerpt from Hastings' book, UFOs and Nukes, has been made available on UFO Digest.
 
http://ufohastings.com/BookPage.html

-------------
 
http://www.coasttocoastam.com/show/2010/09/09

Date:   09-09-10
Host: George Noory

Appearing in the third hour, former U.S. Air Force Captain Robert Salas  shared details of his March, 1967 experience with a UFO at Malmstrom AFB in Montana. An oval-shaped red object was seen hovering over the base, and during this time, the site's nuclear missiles were disabled. He believes the UFO occupants were deliberately demonstrating their advanced technology and sending a message for us to get rid of our nuclear weapons.

-------------

Robert Hastings - A Shot Across the Bow: Another Look At the Big Sur Incident
 
http://www.cufos.org/hastings.pdf


--------------------------------