Tovarish website:




Sombre Arcane review:

I'd like to start this review with a quotation:

"A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic."- Joseph Stalin

It seems now confirmed that 2009 will be a warlike year. After the Gaza’s holocaust, Iraq’s violence and Afghanistan’s bombardments we have to say "Welcome" to another war guided by Tovarish against the traditional and commercial Metal.

Disturbing squeaking ambient waves, high-pitched guitar tune, political samples, Russian cold air, raspy screams…Fiiiiiiiiire! The key of their originality lies in the fact that they combine uncompromising. Like that primordial molecule, which gave birth to this fucking cosmos, every note on this album contains many different weapons of hateful emotions which all bathe in a bloody, belligerent and strange atmosphere. This horrific style is more than a blasphemous riff and a thunder of blasts. It’s a constant love affair for a martial universe and it comes to the surface time in and time out. It's the true vindication of masterful musicians that makes this release glow brightly when in reality shrouded in darkness. The sheer despondency of the dissonant guitars is perfectly complemented by the Militaristic touches and Stalin’s speeches, which are often accompanied by slower clean chords, folkloric and patriotic hymns; again, everything connects all the dimensions: Past thanks to the explored theme: WWII and the glorification of the Read Army. Present thanks to the Experiment Elements and the modern techniques. Future: thanks to the chaotic atmosphere predicting the upcoming apocalypse. In comparison to Militaristic bands, their sound and approach is less metallic but much more chaotic.

The songs that captured my attention most were 'We Will Crush You' and 'Frozen Saline Ocean Veins' but the rest of the tracks on ' Da Tovarish ' are not very far behind in quality, especially the doomy 'God Doesn't Live Here Anymore' or the Martial Ambient of 'Stalingrad'.

Basically, Tovarish is the kind of project with a lot of ideas. Some will think, by reading me, that this album is not wonderful enough for their tastes. They'll be damn wrong! While our red legions won't be stealing any crowns with this release, they are a pretty respectable band who you could do a lot of effort to explore their Soviet soul than simply saying "Hailz Comrade”!