Aurora Media Workshop

Requirements
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
CPU: Pentium 300MHz or better. 
Memory: 128M RAM. 
Windows 95,98,NT,2000,XP,2003.
4Mb free disk space.
ASPI driver (comes with the installation package)


Video Converter, Joiner, Splitter. Convert, join, split video files between AVI, MPEG1, MPEG2, ASF, WMV, MOV, VOB, DAT , DivX, Xvid.
Audio Converter, Recorder, CD ripper audio files between mp3, wma, wav.
Extract audio tracks from all supported video formats to mp3, wma, wav,ogg.
CD/DVD burner. Burn Video/Audio/Data CD/DVD.
Specifies start and end position while convert and join
Make any favo rate pictures and ph otos to video films with fascinating transition effects and graceful background music.
Batch file execution.
Joints video files to a large one.
Splits large video file to smaller clips.
Specifies start andend position while convert and joint..
Extracts audio tracks from all supported video formats to mp3, wma, wav.
Extracts images from all supported video formats.
Backup VCD DVD Disc(.VOB, .DAT) to all supported formats.
Backup VCD DVD Disc(.VOB, .DAT) music to mp3, wav, wma.
	

Aurora Media Workshop is such a kind of program that includes prefessional features in Video, Audio, and Compact Disc media. It is a video converter, joiner, splitter; audio cd ripper, converter, recorder; video, audio, date cd burner.

The powerful features and unbeatable price make Aurora Media Workshop an affordable and powerful all-in-one media solution on personal computer.
 
Full audio and video edition pack
Aurora Media Workshop is a very complete utility which groups several applications on the same interface, so you will be able to work with audio and video using just one application.

Using Aurora Media Workshop you'll be able to convert, edit, join and split video and audio files, extract songs and rip them from an audioCD, video images, convert photos and more.

Aurora Media Workshop allows you to record audio from any device and convert them from/into MP3, WAV, WMA and OGG.

And once you have done all you want, you can burn it thanks to its built-in burning program.

If you usually work with audio and video, we recommend you installing this great application, that can be also used by novice users too.

