Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Couldn't Stand the Weather is the second studio album by Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble, released in 1984.

Stephen Ray "Stevie" Vaughan - commonly referred to as SRV - (October 3, 1954 – August 27, 1990), was an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter. Vaughan won several Grammy awards during his lifetime and posthumously including 'Best Rock Instrumental Performance' and 'Best Contemporary Blues Album'. Eighteen albums of Vaughan's work have been released.

Vaughan was inspired to play guitar by his older brother, Jimmie Vaughan, and was influenced by such guitarists as Jimi Hendrix and Buddy Guy. After a few years as a sideman in and around Austin, Vaughan formed the band Double Trouble, with whom he made four successful studio albums and established a reputation as one of the foremost blues guitarists in the world. He was noted for using the Fender Stratocaster, with several guitars being made in tribute to Vaughan, including a Signature Stratocaster and a replica of his famous Strat named "Lenny". In 1986, after years of substance abuse from alcohol and cocaine, he spent a month in drug rehabilitation, and remained clean and sober for the final four years of his life, until his death in 1990 in a helicopter crash.

On February 22, 2000, Vaughan was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in Washington, D.C., becoming one of just 79 performers to achieve such distinction. He also won several W. C. Handy Awards, during his lifetime and posthumously, including Entertainer of the Year and Instrumentalist of the Year in 1984. In 2003, he was ranked #7 in Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. Classic Rock Magazine ranked him #3 in their list of the 100 Wildest Guitar Heroes in 2007.

Stevie Ray Vaughan took Jimi Hendrix form of playing guitar and went beyond it. He mixed it further with blues music, and is one of the most soulful guitarists to have ever existed. He is a huge influence on many artists and will most likely continue to be a big influence for many years. The 1991 album The Sky Is Crying was the first of several posthumous Vaughan releases to achieve chart success. It entered the US album charts at #7, won a Grammy, and went platinum. Jimmie Vaughan later co-wrote and recorded a song in tribute to his brother and other deceased blues guitarists, titled "Six Strings Down". Bonnie Raitt's 1991 album Luck of the Draw was dedicated to him. Many other artists recorded songs in remembrance of Vaughan, including Eric Johnson ("SRV," on the album Venus Isle), Tommy Emmanuel ("Stevie's Blues"), Buddy Guy, Steve Vai ("Jibboom," on the album The Ultra Zone), and Wayne Perkins ("Big Stratocaster," on the album Rambling Heart). Stevie Wonder, whose "Superstition" Vaughan covered (recorded live on Live Alive), honored him with "Stevie Ray Blues" on his 1995 live album Natural Wonder.

Musicians such as Joe Bonamassa, John Mayer, Robert Randolph, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Colin James, Jonny Lang, Los Lonely Boys, Mike McCready, Eric Johnson, Orianthi, John Petrucci, and Doyle Bramhall II have cited Vaughan as an influence.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/