Friday, February 12. 2010

And we’re back in studio! Not being trapped at home behind giant snow drifts means I can talk about things other than giant snow drifts. And a lot has happened since the Ice Age began.


In potentially serious news which seems to have come out OK, Bill Clinton was hospitalized Thursday for a surgical procedure to clear a blocked artery. The operation involved inserting stents into the coronary arteries to restore blood flow. It sounds complicated, but actually it’s evidently actually easier to remove a blockage from Bill Clinton’s arteries than it is to remove snow blockage from the transportation arteries of Washington, DC. Oops, back to the snow again… sorry. Let me put it this way—it’s easier to clear Bill Clinton’s arteries than it is to clear the way for jobs legislation in the US Senate.


An attempt to build a bipartisan jobs bill in the Senate unraveled this week after Republicans loaded it down with non-jobs related corporate tax breaks.  Too bad there’s no way to build a bipartisan bill without Republican involvement. Bringing Republicans on board pretty much means having people on board who are determined to sink the ship. Letting Republicans tinker with a jobs bill is like letting foxes design a henhouse. Republicans have no interest in creating jobs, except jobs for Republican Congressmen. And that will be their only priority until election time. This particular legislative train wreck was set in motion when Max Baucus had tried to fiddle with the bill to bring some Republicans on board.  You may remember Max from his work on the Senate healthcare bill. Max Baucus has a history of building Washington bipartisan compromises second only to Jim Zorn’s history of building a Washington Redskins football dynasty. And what were the great Republican additions to a bill to provide jobs? For one thing, they wanted to slash the estate tax! That’s great for people whose job is being a rich guy’s kid.


Oh well, I’m just glad to be out and moving around enough to see that the rest of Washington is still stuck. Let’s hope for better weather, and hope the best for former President Clinton. For the past few years Bill Clinton has been functioning as a special envoy to places struck by troubles like the tsunami or the earthquake in Haiti. Now he’s been struck. Maybe President Obama should appoint a special envoy to Bill Clinton.