Please see note on audio sync correction here. 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5979042

(There is a moment in Max's speech towards the end when sync does slip for a moment - fix is available as indicated and if desired as it isnt as serious on this movie file as it unfortunately was on the previous 1GB version). I do
apologize - we hope you'll live with this while our new "perfect" as promised 
3.8GB version waits to launch. We are testing on different sized screens for good 
measure right now. While we aim for 2GB as the standard for now on all HD 
offerings, The sound of Muisc is a long movie in length and is certainly fair
to consider "The Greatest movie ever made". We therefore will aim for
support around the closer to 4GB version instead and soon/


We have found in our conversions from HD/bluray using the industry standard
DivX converter plus that sometimes we produce the file that fails audio sync
integrity. Because we dont wish to give up on the greatest quality of picture
that is produced by using this program that is provided by the DivX corporation
that owns the standard, we have added a second program that prodcues the audio
track from the original file into the finished product using utilities from
DivX labs in fact. So its all in all a finest DivX showing in any event.


This is a 1.25GB movie file, 720 x 328 video conversion from 
1280 X 720p bluray version.

This is a nice enough bluray convert offered in the best spirit.
We offer such versions for those who dont wish to download our better HD 
versions instead (perhaps your disc player doesnt suppport HD at the present
time - although soon, all will for sure!)


This movie was apparently allowed to rake in a billion dollars (adjusted for
inflation) since it was released almost half a century ago.

What a shameful fact for our kids who still have to have parents wealthy enough to 
afford the often $30 price tag for the ordinary DVD in this town. Although
Columbia House DVD club  presently is offering the movie free to new members - 
so there! (We have ordered more DVD copies for our Library donations campaign).

The Sound of music is the most beautiful motion picture ever produced to instill a 
respect for great spirit and intellect - that is the stuff of the best of rearing, certainly! 

None of our fine children should do without this movie - and we've paid enough to 
own it. It has been profiteered on long enough and needs some sanity and sense of 
reasoned approach to what is a reasonable concern to public fairness and decency
in how his business is approached.

This movie version belongs in the "public domain" Amen! our previous 1GB version
will soon be dropped. with thanks to all!


We have included extras which consist of the soundtrack and karaoke files for the
entire family to enjoy!

Michael Rizzo Chessman

