Website (With music to see if you enjoy!): 
 
http://www.cdbaby.com/cd/barnabybright

Band: Barnaby Bright
Album: Wake the Hero
Genre: Indie/Acoustic

Members:Rebecca Bliss- Lead Vocals
Nathan Bliss- Guitar, Vocals, Harmonium, Percussion, Mbira, Saxophone, Flute
Sascha Groschang- Cello
Craig Akin- Upright and Electric Bass

Track Listing:
1. Begging my Weakness
2. Don't Look Down
3. Kissing Tree
4. Finally Said It
5. Bright February
6. If I Came Back as a Song
7. Girl in the Cage
8. Wake the Hero
9. The Stone
10. Yellow Moon

MP3 quality: 320 kbps

Total Size: 44.8 MB

------------------------------


Barnaby Bright's music has been featured on television shows such as ER, Days of Our Lives, and PBS Roadtrip Nation. Their song, "If I Came Back as a Song" was voted 3rd place winner by a notable panel of judges inlcuding Tom Waits, in 2007's International Song-Writing Competition. 
They recently returned from a month-long European tour to promote their first full length album, "Wake the Hero." Fronted by Nathan and Rebecca Bliss, Brooklyn-based Barnaby Bright combines beautiful acoustic guitars, lush harmonies, rich string arrangements, quirky instruments and subtle electronic tweaks. Their unique brand of lush, indie folk is a warm and welcome wind of change. 

"Rebecca’s smooth, melodic vocals are reminiscent of Karen Carpenter or Shelby Flint...and Nathan’s incorporation of his jazz background into Garfunkel-y acoustic compositions bring diverse styles together to the folk in the road: a marriage of minds and hands and music." 
-The Deli Magazine 

"Nathan and Rebecca Bliss make up the sweetly melodic folk-ish duo Barnaby Bright, whose songs have soundtracked heavy emotional moments on Days of Our Lives and ER"
-Time Out New York 


-----------------------------

After not seeing a torrent for this, I decided to make one for their debut album, "Wake the Hero." The band is fairly obscure right now, but hopefully torrents will change that. If you enjoy their songs, spread them around! 

As always, since this is a new torrent, try to seed at least until it's stable. I'll try to do the same. Thanks! :)

