Please seed!

The Beach Boys are an American rock band, formed in 1961, who gained popularity for their close vocal harmonies and lyrics reflecting a Southern California youth culture of cars, surfing, and romance. Brian Wilson's growing creative ambitions later transformed them into a more artistically innovative group that earned critical praise and influenced many later musicians.
The group was initially composed of singer-musician-composer Brian Wilson, his brothers, Carl and Dennis, their cousin Mike Love, and friend Al Jardine. This core quintet was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1988. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Beach_Boys

Trying to collect a complete, and I mean complete, discography with all Beach Boys releases seems to be almost impossible. According to Wiki there are 28 studio albums (32 with the live albums). According to AMG there are 38 albums (including live albums). The compilations seems to be countless/innumerable. And I don't even want to think of all unofficial releases.

But here's one more contribution to your collection. Enjoy!


The Beach Boys
Smiley Smile originally released 1967
Wild Honey originally released 1967
This CD 2001 (Capitol)
All tracks mono except #28
Tracks 23 - 28 bonus tracks on this release

01  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Heroes And Villains  
02  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Vegetables  
03  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Fall Breaks And Back To Winter (Woody Woodpecker Symphony)  
04  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - She's Goin' Bald  
05  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Little Pad  
06  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Good Vibrations  
07  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - With Me Tonight  
08  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Wind Chimes  
09  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Gettin' Hungry  
10  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Wonderful  
11  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile - Whistle In  
12  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - Wild Honey  
13  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - Aren't You Glad  
14  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - I Was Made To Love Her  
15  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - Country Air  
16  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - A Thing Or Two  
17  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - Darlin'  
18  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - I'd Love Just Once To See You  
19  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - Here Comes The Night  
20  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - Let The Wind Blow  
21  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - How She Boogalooed It  
22  The Beach Boys - Wild Honey - Mama Says  
23  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile / Wild Honey - Heroes And Villains (Alternate Take)  
24  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile / Wild Honey - Good Vibrations (Various Sessions)  
25  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile / Wild Honey - Good Vibrations (Early Take)  
26  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile / Wild Honey - You're Welcome  
27  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile / Wild Honey - Their Hearts Were Full Of Spring  
28  The Beach Boys - Smiley Smile / Wild Honey - Can't Wait Too Long