Magic World Online - New Concept MMORPG Build 0900

New maps, new equipment, new monsters, new skills...everything is fresh in MWO2.0 (Build 0900) Magic World Rejuvenation. With the new version out, a host of new features and upgrades are being presented, adding more excitement to the game. 
1. Equipment Binding System: Artificial binding plus System binding ensures account security.
2. Equipment could be intensified more than before.
3. More scarce maps and monsters.
4. The highest char. Level of 120.
5. Highly-anticipated Lv.80 class skills.

Innovative new concept, that is what made Magic World Online distinguish itself above other titles. This game is the first MMORPG to integrate in-game video chat system and official robot system. They are all for the pursuit of gameplay and giving players more time to enjoy real-time community with their hands freed from repetitive grinding job.

Open Beta starts now, everyonbe can join this game and have fun!All free!

Official Website: 
http://mwo.enjoymmo.com

Game Features include: 

In Game Video Chat: Communicate with your in-game teammates face to face; 
House System: Own a multifunctional house that will meet your ever changing needs; 
In Game Robot and Auto Navigation: GPS auto navigation in maps and auto-grinding; 
Massive State War with thousands of players; 
Growing Weapons that will upgrade together with you; 
Making the most romantic proposal and getting married in game; 
Raising special mount; 
Infinite weapons and armors; 
Instances System; 
Multiple Living Skills; 
Official Position; 
Multiple Class Transfers: 16 ultimate classes 

Player Testimonials
[iGarrik:
The BOT system - I was abit skeptical about this one i must admit and im sure alot of people who have looked into the game where also. Well what can i say, i actually like it, for a start it eliminates gold farmers and the botting taboo that every other game gets. It also allows casual players to be hardcore and hardcore gamers to get a life if they want to.
Dobry:
The 2D graphics seem quite dated at first, but as I'm outfitting my avatar I'm noticing some subtle goodies and improvements I haven't noticed in other F2P's. 
The crafting system I think is one of the best I've seen among the F2P grindfest mmo's.  I still prefer Mabinogi's approach, but again I'm enjoying this one a lot
Funerest:
I've been playing MWO since early into the first phase of its closed beta. I was immediately drawn in by the integrated bot system. I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone out there who hasn't already found it! Especially now that it's entered phase 2 of the closed beta with open registrations...
asciirider:
The game DOES encourage interaction and trading, by making the skills and equip you need drop less often than any other drops you may get so it stimulates the economy...
... Good way to stop gold farming bots and level the playing field when ANYONE who wants to can bot...Not just the ones who cheat to do it
Lunani:
...don't underestimate this game. the graphics are not the best but it's pretty unique features like video chat or bot system make it to an uncut diamond. I wouldn't be surprised if bigger companies steal their ideas...
Chuck Brazzel:
graphics aren't great, but the gameplay is good... continue to play... 
Genius:
Although it's a 2D game, it's probably one of the best games I've played, with nice and helpful GMs that communicate with players and actually try to help[/i

Game Reviews: 
http://my.mmosite.com/cesarsuki/Blog/Item/ce386dbf5976c7ec66777df52e4554b8.html 
http://mwo.enjoymmo.com/forum/thread-127-1-1.html 
http://mwo.enjoymmo.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=257 
http://mwo.enjoymmo.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=224 
http://mwo.enjoymmo.com/forum/viewthread.php?tid=353

Screen Shots: 
http://mwo.enjoymmo.com/news/game-reviews-and-previews/magic-world-online-ver20-preview.html

Gameplay Videos: