File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Blah Blah Blah" is a song by American recording artist, Kesha. It is the second single from her debut studio album, Animal. The song features additional vocals by 3OH!3. Co-written by producer Benny Blanco, Neon Hitch, Sean Foreman and Kesha herself, she has stated that the song speaks of men in the same way that they have talked about women in the music industry. It was officially added to U.S. radio on February 2, 2010.

Critical reception of the song has generated positive reviews, with critics praising the track for its effective delivery of lyrics. Overall, it has been a chart success reaching the top five in Australia and Canada, whilst charting within the top ten in the United States and New Zealand.

A music video for the song has been confirmed. It was shot in Los Angeles in January 2010. The main plot is relative to the song's lyrics, consisting of Kesha going on dates with guys who keep on talking – "blah blah blahing" – so she finds her way to shut them up. Both members of 3OH!3 make an appearance in the video.

Kesha told MTV that "The whole concept of the video was a bunch of douche-y guys macking on me as usual, and me making them eat their toupees or other various items," [...] "At one point, I get to be strapped to this harness and bouncing around everywhere, and it was really cool." The video premiered February 24, 2010 on Vevo.

According to MTV, the video is a rulebook for the right and wrong ways to approach Kesha. The scenes incorporate the singer playing pool with a guy beginning to flirt with her, where she then duct-tapes his mouth. She is also spotted at an arcade, where she pushes a man who is making conversation with her as she advances away. Another man is spotted with her, playing the acoustic guitar which she is not impressed with. Meanwhile, Kesha is singing in a bowling alley, text messaging her friends regarding the "lack of good men in the world", whilst 3OH!3 relate to the do's and don'ts of relationships. The video concludes at the bowling alley, when a man comes over to talk to her. She looses interest when his toupée eventually falls off his head.

Animal is the debut studio album from American recording artist Kesha. A project that took seven years to complete and for which Kesha had written over 200 songs, the theme of the album is to not take minor issues in life too seriously. Musically it incorporates electro beats and samples.

The album debuted at the top of the album charts in the United States and Canada with three U.S. Billboard Hot 100 debuts accompanying the album's release, including second single "Blah Blah Blah" which debuted at number seven, as a result of massive digital sales.

Animal received mixed reviews from music critics upon release. Some appreciated the fun, carefree nature, while others dismissed it as juvenile and claimed that it came off as insincere. The lead single, "Tik Tok", reached the top of the charts in ten countries as well as reaching the top ten in many others.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

