From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:


To say we've been quite fortunate over the last couple of months here at CF would be an understatement. We've had some tremendously hot young men not only come by to share themselves with all of you through scorching hot solo videos, but we've also been fortunate enough that many of them have decided to give the CF Education a shot and do things with other guys for the very first time - all in front of our cameras and your eager eyes! :)

Trevor is a prime example of this - he's an up-and-coming CF star who made a tremendous splash when first appearing on the site, inspiring a flood of e-mails begging and pleading to see more of him. Is there any doubt as to why? His attitude is that of the uber-straight college fraternity stud, he's tall, has a hot and tight bod with great pecs and definition, he has a big, thick, uncut cock, his face is hot as can be... he's everything one could hope for! And he's giving the CF Education a shot and doing a stellar job at it! We've seen him get blown and we've seen him top, and now it's time to see straight stud Trevor do even more!

There's no one that could do a better job of guiding Trevor along this latest step than Lucas! With Trevor being a stand-out blond Adonis from CF's new generation, Lucas is the original blond Adonis who will simply never lose his appeal or star status. His attitude has often been the final trait that really sucks his fans into completely adoring him after they were first drawn in by those looks, that bod, and his flawless performances on camera!

I tell ya what... if I was a nervous straight stud about to bottom for they very first time ever - as Trevor is right now! - I would most definitely not complain if Lucas were the one to break me in :) He'll put you at ease and get you comfortable and relaxed, then he'll have his way with ya until you're feeling pleasure you never thought was possible from places you never knew could give it! And as you'll see with Trevor as he gets fucked by Lucas here, he will go from being the nervous (and even scared!) first-timer to being completely blown away by how good it all feels!