Saved by the Light – The True Story of a man who died twice and the profound revelations he received
By Dannion Brinkley with Paul Perry


Dannion Brinkley (born 1950) is an author who described two extensive near-death experiences in his 1994 book Saved by the Light. Brinkley told his story to near-death researcher Raymond Moody shortly after it occurred, but details of his account have been questioned by his doctor and various journalists. For example, although Moody said one of Brinkley's afterlife visions of the future later came true, many other forecasts proved inaccurate. Also, Brinkley's claim that he served as a CIA sniper during the Vietnam War was challenged by writers who checked his military record.

Brinkley is a U.S. Marine veteran and has done extensive volunteer work for hospices. He co-founded the Twilight Brigade, a nonprofit organization to recruit hospice volunteers for dying veterans.

In Saved by the Light, Brinkley said he was struck by lightning on September 17, 1975, while using a telephone at home. He said he was clinically dead for 28 minutes, had a sheet over his head and was in the hospital morgue when he re-entered his body, blew on the sheet to be seen and was revived. However, a local newspaper article published right after the incident quoted Brinkley saying he was "out for a few minutes" until his wife revived him by pounding on his chest. And Brinkley's doctor told a British documentary crew that Brinkley's story about being dead in the hospital morgue was "not true."

Brinkley described many characteristic details of a near-death experience (NDE) as well as certain unique ones. His account includes an out-of-body experience with extensive observations of physical surroundings, passing through a tunnel, meeting with a Being of Light, a high-speed and detailed life review, discussion of his life mission, and a strong reluctance to return. In addition, he described a flight to a place with a church-like structure and revelations regarding future events.
Saved by the Light was a New York Times and international bestseller.

This book was adapted for this 1995 FOX TV movie of the same name starring Eric Roberts, and debuted as one of the highest rated television movies in that network's history. Since originally airing, it has been in regular circulation on the Lifetime television network.