Abraham-Hicks 2010-07-24 San Francisco, CA 4CDs

For more Abraham-Hicks_Torrents see webpage at 

This torrent is in response to “The Masters' Group-Buy Torrent Program” that is buying and sharing the material as the money comes in. For more details visit:

If you would like to be informed of new torrents and about new developments of our common interest, let me know by E-mail AbeAllows@boxbe.com

Our intention is to connect with those that are attracting Abraham’s material via torrents and with those that want to help us to make it available in a sharing format that is easy, economical and simple.

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!


Track names of each CD:

Disc1 

01 Abraham-Hicks Publications 
02 Have you been observing Anti-Vortex programmng 
03 Are you not getting what you are wanting 
04 Explaining -Getting into the Vortex- worshops 
05 The Source within you is always aligned 
06 Why has her cat developed a wheeze 
07 Why do cats make some people wheeze 
08 Why does media focus on successful philanderers 
09 He wants to talk about his expectations 

Disc2 

01 Abraham-Hicks Publications 
02 How much of her life was predetermined 
03 Must she naturally experience nonproductive cycles 
04 Was she meant to not understand Source 
05 Could she meditate back into her Vortex 
06 The quantum ocean of potentials excites him 
07 He's usually happy with his lover's teasing 
08 His naps, in early retirement, tire him 

Disc3 

01 Abraham-Hicks Publications 
02 Naps, retirement, from inside the Vortex 
03 Was Abraham too hard on this guest 
04 If he attracts a cause of harm 
05 How can he not condemn unconventional relationships 
06 Are problems keeping him awake - or solutions 
07 Is drinking caffeine out of the Vortex 
08 How should writer best focus his energy 

Disc4 

01 Abraham-Hicks Publications 
02 Can she remain hopeful while suffering pain 
03 -Senior- physical therapist is seeking physical comfort 
04 Could mental ease lead to physical healing 
05 In her Vortex, is there more time 
06 Abraham's developing a guided meditation book-recording 
07 Taking some time to create more time 
08 Abraham closes the San Francisco, CA workshop 



Jerry & Esther Hicks 
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php

For over 20 years Esther & Jerry Hicks have published hundreds of books, audio recordings and videos, and have conducted up to 60 workshops a year. Their work is derived from the teachings of "Non-Physical Source Energy" whom they refer to as "Abraham".

The Teachings of Abraham™ are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience.

“The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.”

Answers and inspiration from the Non-Physical entity Abraham — whom Esther calls “infinite intelligence” and Jerry refers to as “the purest form of love I’ve ever encountered.”

Thank you to all who participated to make this possible!
