Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Emmylou Harris, Mary Chapin Carpenter & Sheryl Crow - Flesh And Blood (2nafish)



"Flesh and Blood" is a 1970 single written and recorded by Johnny Cash and was featured in the film, I Walk the Line starring Gregory Peck (see: I Walk the Line (soundtrack album)). "Flesh and Blood" went to number one on the U.S. country singles chart for one week, spending a total of thirteen weeks on the chart.

Kindred Spirits: A Tribute to the Songs of Johnny Cash is a tribute album to country singer Johnny Cash, released on Legacy Recordings on September 24, 2002, several days after the previous tribute album to Cash, Dressed in Black. The record features several legendary musicians, including Little Richard and Bob Dylan, as well as Cash's daughter Rosanne. It concentrates primarily on Cash's biggest hits, such as "Folsom Prison Blues", "Hey Porter" and "I Walk the Line", although "Ring of Fire", one of Cash's most well-known songs, was not covered.

Marty Stuart's belief, and proclamation, has resulted in an impressive, yet eclectic, mix of artists who came together for Kindred Spirits: A Tribute to the Songs of Johnny Cash, which was released Sept. 24 by Columbia/Lucky Dog Records. Stuart produced the record.

Kindred Spirits is the second Cash tribute project in as many weeks. An independent label, Dualtone Records, released Dressed In Black: A Tribute to Johnny Cash on Sept. 17.

When Stuart was approached two years ago about doing a Cash tribute record, he spent some time deciding on the right approach.

"A tribute to Johnny Cash is not the most original concept in the world," Stuart said recently from Nashville's Columbia Records office. "But he's never been heralded as a great American songwriter that has affected a whole lot of different genres of people."

So Stuart paired classic Cash compositions with some of music's finest. The end project features Bob Dylan, Little Richard, Keb' Mo', Bruce Springsteen, Dwight Yoakum, Hank Williams Jr., Roseanne Cash, Sheryl Crow, Mary Chapin Carpenter, Emmylou Harris and others.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/