Castlevania: The Belmont Legacy 
Comic Book Series 2005

Synopsis: A licensed Castlevania comic book published by IDW. Its story is based on Christopher Belmont during the Castlevania: The Adventure Game Boy game.

Issue 1 – (Release Date: Mar 30, 2005) It is 1576, and the legend of the Belmont family's vampire-hunting prowess still echoes through the Romanian countryside. While Christopher Belmont celebrates his nuptials, dark forces conspire to raise Count Dracula from his unholy slumber. With this ancient evil unleashed once more, young Belmont must to prove he is worthy of the Belmont legacy. 

Issue 2 – (Release Date: Apr 27, 2005) For many years, Dracula has slumbered, leaving the countryside in relative peace. But that peace is shattered by the rising of the ancient evil, who wastes no time in announcing his presence to his old adversaries, the Belmont family. Now Christopher Belmont must face the greatest challenge of his life. 

Issue 3 – (Release Date: May 16, 2005) Dracula, newly risen from the grave, has spirited away the new bride of Christopher Belmont. Christopher and his companions desperately attempt to reach her before Dracula can kill or turn her, but they'll have to fight their way through a legion of vampiric zombies to do it!

Issue 4 – (Release Date: Jun 22, 2005) Dracula's evil continues to grow as Christopher Belmont strives to save his wife, and the world, from the vampire lord. Belmont's allies, the Totoyans, are visited by a horror of their own when young Viktor is turned and attacks his grandfather and sister. Can Belmont turn the tide and defeat Dracula once and for all?

Issue 5 – (Release Date: Jul 20, 2005) With the evil of Dracula roaming the Earth, Christopher Belmont must take up the mantle of his family's legacy and fight the beast to the death. But this time it's personal, as Dracula has captured Belmont's bride. Time is running out... will Christopher save his beloved from the vampire's wrath?

Castlevania: The Belmont Legacy Comic Book Series Issues 1-5 2005 PDF files Collection by vladtepes3176: 

Is a collection of the five separate comic books released in the Castlevania: The Belmont Legacy series in 2005. THEY ARE IN 5 PDF files. (Not cbr. files which are scanned files of the comic book that are compressed and once uncompressed have to be viewed as a picture file, one picture of the comic book page at a time.)
These are all 5 separate easy to read and view PDF files that read like a comic book should. (Scrolling down page after page)

This is a classic comic book collection for Castlevania fans and comic book fans alike.
PLEASE SEED!
SEED TILL U BLEED!
Thank you,
Vladtepes3176 


