The hardness of butter is            
           directly proportional to the        
          softness of the bread.               
                          
                                                             
                                             
                                                   
                                                         
                                                       
                                                 
                The diGERATi Present                  
                                                                            
         Magic_Picture_Converter_v1.3_Incl_Keygen-DIGERATI   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                           Release Info                            
                                                                       
                                                                       
      Cracker ......: DIGERATI       Release-Type..: Incl_Keygen       
      Packager......: DIGPACKER      Release-Date..: 12/8/2009         
       Supplier......: DIGERATI       Protection....: Time Limit        
       Coder.........: DIGERATI       OS............: WinALL            
      Company.......: Magic Project  Files.........: xx/01             
                                                                       
      URL: http://www.magicproject.com/                               
                                                                   
                                                           
                                               
                                             
              Release Notes              
                                                         
                                                     
                                                                 
                                                                       
                                                                         
        Magic Picture Converter is a program made to work with           
        digital photos, graphic images and pictures. It's used to        
        convert their format so they can be easily used on the           
        internet or Windows environment.                                 
                                                                         
        It was created for the people with digital cameras or            
        scanners and little or no knowledge about computer stuff         
        like networks, website development, or image optimization.       
        That is why it's user interface is as simple to use as           
        possible.                                                        
                                                                         
        So what does it do? Magic Picture Converter converts             
        pictures from BMP, GIF and JPG formats to most popular web       
        formats. The process is done in batch mode, which means          
        that you can convert all the images in a folder                  
        automatically just with one click. The original files are        
        not overwritten and are still available in their original        
        form for future editing or other purposes. No fear of            
        ruining them!                                                    
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                       
                                                             
                   Install  Notes                    
                                                 
                                             
                                                                 
                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                     
      1. Unpack and install the software                             
      2. Run keygen.exe to create your own serial                    
                                                                     
                                                                       
                                                                         
                                         
                                       
                                                            
                     Mission Statement:                         
      A few years ago, DiGERATi emerged onto the scene.            
      Focusing on quality rather than quantity, our                
      members have successfully tackled some of the toughest       
      challenges in the scene.  Working as a closely unified      
         team we have maintained some of the highest standards          
       for security, quality, innovation, and comradery in the        
       scene today. DiGERATi is not one or two hardworking            
         persons; it is a force of hardworking people. Respect          
        is not to be demanded; it is to be earned!  We look           
     forward to working even harder in the future to continue     
   & to earn the respect of our peers. For anyone other than   
    our peers, WE DO NOT EXIST!                               
                                                          
                                                       
                                                         
                                     
                          
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                         
                   Our Respect goes out to:                          
                                                                          
        BliZZARD BRD CORE CRD DELIGHT DVT DDU EAT F4CG EMBRACE         
             HAZE HERETIC LZ0 SHOCK SSG TBE UNDERPL ZWT            
                                                                   
     Greets to all who work hard help make the scene secure!     
                                                                  
    A special thanks to those who supported us in the past and   
    helped to make us what we are today.Also,a major thanks to    
    those that broke the trail for us but can no longer be        
       here amongst us.                                                 
                                                                       
        Who are the "digerati" and why are they "the cyber elite"?      
         They are the doers and thinkers. They are not on the           
              frontier, they are the frontier!!...                      
                                                                   
                                                                
                                                               
                                                             
                                                       
                                                         
                                    
                          
                                                                     
 Yce