Baltimore/Virginia-based trio Pontiak is comprised of multi-instrumentalist brothers Van (guitar, vocals), Jennings (bass, keyboards, vocals), and Lain (drums, vocals) Carney. To date, the prolific Pontiak’s releases - two EPs, two full lengths (“Valley of Cats” and “Maker”) and a mini-LP, “Sun on Sun” have been self-produced, moody slabs of guitar-based rock. The band has grown heavier with each record; “Sun on Sun” can fairly be called a hybrid of classic- and stoner-rock, with songs running into 10-minute territory and extended instrumental breaks. 2009’s “Maker” is even heavier, noisier, and packs a Texas-sized wallop. Both of the band’s more widely-distributed records, “Sun on Sun” and “Maker,” have been critically well-received.

Van, Lain, and Jennings Carney share a mom, a dad, and a Virginia farm house studio. They record themselves, book themselves, hold complex day jobs, and know their way around a working farm as well as an instrument. They like it loud and for Living, their fifth release in two years, they like it dirty. Their fifth album (including Sea Voids the LP only tour record made for their tour with White Hills) was recorded on an old reel to reel in the band's home studio using two track tape. Unlike Sea Voids which was recorded in eight brief evening sessions and Maker which was recorded in mostly single takes, this album underwent a lengthy recording process over the course of four months. Just enough time for Isaiah Mitchell of Earthless to drop by and lay down some guitar. Living is connected to their previous recordings by the brothers' affection for a thick as molasses guitar sound and a heavy bass that holds sway over the album, creating some delicious sludge. 

In the era of single song downloads, Pontiak have created a record meant to be heard in sequence in its entirety. Start by spreading some "Young" on your toast. Slip into the deliberately paced "Algiers By Day" as it builds and teases and leaves you suspended in anticipation, only to be dropped into the unforgiving explosion of "And By Night". The howling intro of "This is Living" is a great example of an essential element of Pontiak; textural contrasts. The softly sung and often melodic vocals and the pummeling instruments behind them. While the vocals on "Forms of The" and the instruments strike the same melodic tone, the contrast between it and the track that follows provides a certain degree of palpable tension. A non-too-subtle tension as "Thousand Citrus" starts with an extended buzz. Wood-shedders at heart, Pontiak are as relentless in their musical explorations as they are with their guitar attacks. They are happy about all those that have chosen to follow their travels, but would travel regardless. Their live show is earsplitting and yet the brothers are low key and soft spoken off stage. Unpredictable, unforgiving, and utterly individual. Simply put, our favorite kind of rock.

Current Lineup
Van Carney - guitar, vocals
Jennings Carney - bass, keyboards, vocals
Lain Carney - drums, vocals

Genre = Stoner Rock / Psychedelic / Sludge
Format = Mp3
Bitrate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
01. Young
02. Original Vestal
03. Algiers By Day
04. And By Night
05. Second Sun
06. Beach
07. Lemon Lady
08. This Is Living
09. Pacific
10. Forms Of The
11. Thousands Citrus
12. Virgin Guest