In an effort to escape the pressures of stardom, some of the world's most famous celebrities move to THE GOOD LIFE country, Surbiton, to a nondescript STELLA STREET. Michael Caine, Al Pacino, Joe Pesci and Dustin Hoffman all live down this road, along with other celebrities, oh and some ordinary working class people as well. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards own, and work in, the corner shop. Everyone gets along, after a fashion, until a financial advisor persuades everyone to hand over control of their finances to him. When this goes horribly wrong, the stars decide their old lifestyle wasn't so bad after all! Continuing the wonderful premise of the original TV shorts, this full length movie starring the spot-on impersonations of the stellar cast at home doing their mundane chores is classic comedy.

Starring: Phil Cornwell | John Sessions | Ronni Acona
Director: Peter Richardson
Genres: Comedy | Television
Languages : English
Released : 2003
Aspect Ratio : 2:35:1
Audio : DD 5.1
Subtitles: English, Hindi
and Commentary Subtiles
Run Time : 1 Hour 19 Mins 16 Secs
Extras : Cast commentary , Making of Stella Street , 4 Hysterical Featurettes

Stella Street Website here- 
http://homepage.mac.com/elliottday/stellastreet/index.html
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0360025/

The cult BBC comedy show sends-up the world of celebrity like no other! Come and join the illustrious residents of Stella Street including Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Jack Nicholson, Michael Caine, Jimmy Hill, Joe Pesci, Al Pacino, David Bowie and Madonna amongst others!

Two guys playing whole street of characters.... Holly wood characters such as Jack Nicholson and Al Pacino living in the leafy suburbs of Surbiton. It's all pure genius, from the corner shop run by Jagger and Richards, to the running commentary by Michael Caine. In the middle of it all is Jimmy Hill, pleading with for someone to watch the FA cup final with him. This is classic off the wall BBC2 comedy. Well worth a watch. Classic genius.

I've run this Region 2 DVD through http://www.dvddecrypter.org.uk/ so it's now a region free and unaltered original DVD.