Navicat for Oracle is a powerful Oracle Database Server administration and development tool. It works with any Oracle version from 8.1 to the newest one and supports all Oracle objects including Directory, Tablespace, Synonym, Materialized View, Trigger, Sequence, Type and so on. It is also not only sophisticated enough for professional developers, but also easy to learn for new users. With its well-designed Graphical User Interface(GUI) and well-described wizard system, Navicat for Oracle lets you quickly and easily create, organize, access and share information in a secure and easy way. Navicat for Oracle is available on two platforms - Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. It can connect users to local/remote Oracle Server, providing several utilitarian tools such as Data/Structure Synchronization, Import/Export and Report to facilitate the process of maintaining data.

Latest Oracle versions support
» Support Oracle version 8.1, 9i, 10g and 11g.
» Support all Oracle objects: tables, views and stored procedures/functions.
» Support all Oracle subobjects: fields, indices, foreign keys, uniques, checks and triggers.
» Support of Directory, Tablespace, Public Database Link and Public Synonym.
» Support of Database Link, Index, Java, Materialized View, Materialized View Log, Package, Sequence, Synonym, Trigger, Type, XML Schema and Recycle Bin.
» Support of Unicode/Character Set.

Connection options
» Support of Basic and TNS Connection.
» Support of Public/Private Key for SSH Tunnel.
» Export Registry Record(.reg) via Navicat for Oracle.

Well-designed user interface
» Virtual Grouping for connections and objects.
» Customize of connection order.
» Data are well-shown in the tree view.
» Grid View and Form View support.
» Well-described Wizard System.
» Support docking windows.

Powerful data management tools
» Foreign Key Data Selection.
» Support Parameter Query.
» Import and Export support.
» Data Synchronization support.
» Structure Synchronization support.
» Support of Tables/Views/Stored Procedures/Sequences Data Transfer.
» Send notification e-mail for schedule task.
» Build in SQL Plus.
» Run Selected in SQL editor.

Visual SQL Designer
» Support Code-Completion in SQL editors.
» Support Views in Query Builder.
» Support of Views Builder.

Additional features
» Support of setting global Row Height and Column Width in table grid.
» Support of Word Wrap.
» Provides a short-cut to terminate a running query.
» Manage Users.


Tested And Working


Enjoy