
my internet will be down from 6pm-8pm nightly


Following one of the biggest comebacks in pop history, Take That hit the road with their record-breaking Circus Live tour. The euphoria, energy and sheer brilliance of the quartet's live performance is captured to perfection on this double disc, dvd set.

The Circus Live captures Take That's critically acclaimed Wembley Stadium show in its awesome entirety. The circus performers, the hot air balloon, the inflatable ring master and of course the unforgettable elephant! See the band send the crowd into a frenzy as they deliver the biggest hits from their incredible career. It was directed by Matt Askem who also shot their last music DVD - Beautiful World Live which is still currently the fastest selling UK music DVD ever!

The second DVD in this package features an intimate performance by the band hosted at Abbey Road Studios behind closed doors last month. This first-of-a-kind session by Take That was filmed in Studio One and sees them take us through the biggest songs from their last two albums including Greatest Day, Said It All, Rule The World, Shine and Patience. The whole set was documented by acclaimed videographers Fred & Nick.

Tracklisting

Disc 1: The Circus Live At Wembley Stadium

1. The Adventures Of A Lonely Balloon
2. Greatest Day
3. Hello
4. Could It Be Magic
5. Pray
6. A Million Love Songs
7. Back For Good
8. The Garden
9. Shine
10. Up All Night
11. Wooden Boat
12. How Did It Come To This
13. The Circus*
14. What Is Love
15. Clown Medley**
16. Said It All
17. Never Forget
18. Patience
19. Relight My Fire
20. Hold Up A Light
21. Rule The World

*includes Love Ain't Here Anymore / Babe / Nobody Else / The Circus
** includes Do What You Like / Promises / It Only Takes A Minute / Take That And Party

Disc 2: In The Session At Abbey Road

1. The Garden
2. How Did It Come To This
3. Greatest Day
4. Up All Night
5. Patience
6. What Is Love
7. The Circus
8. Shine
9. Rule The World
10. Julie
11. Said It All