Jesus & Ancient Mystery Schools

Clairvoyant and historian Tricia McCannon talked about the hidden life of Jesus Christ, and how he was influenced by the ancient Mystery Schools such as those of the Druids, Egyptians, Greeks and Essenes. She also spoke about her own spiritual and psychic development, as she learned from various spiritual entities who appeared to her such as the "Council of Nine"-- "primordial wave form energies that interpenetrate the universe," that can be "anywhere and everywhere." In the Native American Twisted Hair tradition, which she said dates back 230,000 years, Earth was seeded by 12 extraterrestrial races. In her own Mystery School, she said she teaches about the various solar systems and dimensions that the ancestor ETs hail from.

In her research about Jesus, McCannon said she had access to hidden Vatican documents, one of which described how Bethlehem was covered in waves of light around the time of Jesus' birth. Calling Jesus the incarnation of one of the "Four Great Kumaras," or Sons of God who periodically return to Earth, she said he developed his inner faculties such as clairvoyance at some of the Mystery Schools he attended.

According to her research, Christ visited Britain as a young boy, and that Mary's mother was a Celtic princess. Using the name Issa, he studied with the Druids, then went to India where he was initiated by the Brahmins, amassed some 5,000 followers, and lived for six years, she continued. Returning to his homeland, he played out the cosmic mystery drama of resurrection on a world stage, she said, suggesting that Christ learned techniques about energy bodies from the Egyptian Mystery School that helped enable his resurrection.

New Phobos Photos

First hour guest, Richard C. Hoagland commented on new photos of the Martian moon Phobos, taken by the European Space Agency. He suggested the imagery pointed toward the "artificial space station" model for Phobos, and that further tracking data was revealing that the Martian moon is hollow. 