Arkane and ProFound present: The Black Dynamite Album 

What do you get when you combine acappellas from Jay Z’s perennial classic, The Black Album, with all new beats created exclusively by two of hip-hop’s brightest newcomers from the incredible soundtrack for Black Dynamite, as well as pointed and relevant new verses from one of the beatsmiths himself?  The Black Dynamite Album. 

2010’s The Black Dynamite Album is the brain child of one too many late night sessions between the two artists hailing from Cincinnati.  Watching the movie led to ProFound wanting to make a beat with the inspirational soundtrack, and it really blossomed into something much more from there. 

For the 22 ½ minutes of run time, Arkane and ProFound go back and forth, weaving both movie cuts, Jay-Z vocals, ProFound vocals, official soundtrack samples, and tremendous hip hop stylings into an ingenious mash up that combines a great movie, a great soundtrack, and great lyricism. 

While most new artists are content with shoveling boring, underdeveloped mixtapes onto the masses for exposure, Ark & Pro decided that it was not something they ever wanted to be a part.   

“We often talk about how important it is to put your ALL into every project”, ProFound says.  “If we just threw a bunch of me rappin’ over random industry beats, who’s gonna listen to that?  How does that set us apart?  We have to exercise our creative muscle at every turn, and I think we did a pretty good job here”. 

The album dropped on Feb. 16th, to keep in lock step with the movie of similar name.  It stands as homage to one of hip hop’s all time bests, as well as to an outstanding soundtrack provided by Adrian Younge, and everyone involved with the film.   

It is free for download, and is a preface to the upcoming “Absoulute”, ProFound’s first full-length release, due out in April.  Arkane is the executive producer, engineer, and carries a lot of the production weight on this one, too. 

“This album is gonna do great things, man.  We’ve put a lot of time and effort into this, and we hope that Cincinnati hip-hop won’t be the same because of it”. 

Check out www.profoundpro.com for more information. 

www.reverbnation.com/profoundpro


www.arkanebeats.com
