Releaser: thewall

Extractor: EAC 0.99 prebeta 4  
Read Mode: Secure with NO C2, accurate stream, disable cache.
Codec: Flac 1.2.1;  Level 8  
Source: Original CD 
Artwork:  Full Scans 300dp 



Editorial Reviews

Amazon.com

Landing on Water may not be Neil Young's worst album, but it's probably the least noteworthy collection he's assembled. For what turned out to be his penultimate Geffen album, Young rebuffed his regular set of co-producers in favor of West Coast journeyman Danny Kortchmar--seemingly in the interest of honing a more radio-friendly sound. As a result, the singer finds himself bobbing his way through layers of synthesizer fills and Steve Jordan's strident drumming; the whole thing feels like a bland '80s rock soundtrack. None of these songs have even become concert salvage projects--evidence that their composer doesn't hold them in high regard. The one standout here is "Hippie Dream," a scathing death-of-the-counterculture screed inspired by David Crosby's then-life-threatening drug problems: "Another flower child goes to seed / In an ether-filled room of meat hooks / It's so ugly" Young wails, and one can't help but wish the music had half as much bite as the lyrics.

Steven Stolder


 In celebration of the remarkable landing on water on the Hudson River in New York City, January 15, 2009, by US Airways pilot Chesley B. Sullenberger III, I am reminded of this recording by Neil Young.
"Landing on Water" is the hard rock Neil, with his guitar writhing and the drums pounding -- he even uses some synthesizer to good effect, and the San Francisco Boys Chorus adds a spiritual dimension to "Touch the Night". Probably too rocked-out for his folk-oriented listeners and they might be offended by his putting the hippie era behind him with "Hippie Dream": "And the wooden ships [think Jefferson Airplane] / Are a hippie dream / Capsized in excess / ... Another flower child goes to seed / In an ether-filled room of meat-hooks / It's so ugly / So ugly".

[Amazon user]




All tracks written by Neil Young.



   1. "Weight of the World" – 3:40
   2. "Violent Side" – 4:22
   3. "Hippie Dream" – 4:11
   4. "Bad News Beat" – 3:18
   5. "Touch the Night" – 4:30
   6. "People on the Street" – 4:33
   7. "Hard Luck Stories" – 4:06
   8. "I Got a Problem" – 3:16
   9. "Pressure" – 2:46
  10. "Drifter" – 5:05



 Personnel

    * Neil Young – lead guitar, synthesizer, vocals
    * Steve Jordan – drums, synthesizer, vocals
    * Danny Kortchmar – guitar, synthesizer, vocals
    * San Francisco Boys Chorus – vocals on tracks "Violent Side" and "Touch the Night"
