File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:53

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 3281 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.49 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"My Kinda Party" is a song written and originally sung by southern rock singer-songwriter Brantley Gilbert, and re-recorded by country music artist Jason Aldean. It is the lead-off single to his upcoming 2010 album of the same name.

The music video debuted on the weekend of October 1, 2010 on CMT's Big New Music Weekend. The video was directed by Ryan Smith.

This song has received overall mixed critical reception. Amar Toor of AOL Radio Blog gave this song a positive review, saying "Jason Aldean's new song, 'My Kinda Party,' is a raucous, feel-good bit of country that's absolutely perfect for getting your late summer party poppin'." Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe gave "My Kinda Party" a C rating, saying that it seemed too similar to Aldean's earlier up-tempos such as "Hicktown" or "She's Country." Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave this song a four-star rating out of five, saying "My Kinda Party" "is the exact kind of song that suits Aldean’s voice the best" and "melodically the song fits right in with Jason Aldean’s hits like “She’s Country” “Johnny Cash” and “Hicktown” as the song is thouroughly a modern country rocker but the difference between it and those three is that the song isn’t nearly as ‘hard-edged’ as those songs were."

My Kinda Party is the title of the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Jason Aldean. It is set to be released on November 2, 2010 on Broken Bow Records.

Aldean said that he chose the name of the album because he thought it was representative of "what my fans have come to expect." He also said that it has a unique sound because he recorded it with his touring band and an engineer who does not work with any other artists.

The first single from My Kinda Party is the title track, which debuted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at #41. The song has become Aldean's eleventh Top 20 hit on that chart. The song also debuted at #54 on the Hot 100 chart. "My Kinda Party" was written and originally recorded by southern rock singer-songwriter Brantley Gilbert for his 2009 album Modern Day Prodigal Son.

This album also contains the southern rap-inclined "Dirt Road Anthem", which was previously recorded separately by both of its writers, Brantley Gilbert and country rapper Colt Ford. According to The Boot, Aldean's publicist teased about this song, suggesting Aldean listened to "a little Snoop Dogg in his time"; regarding the song, Aldean said that he did not consider "Dirt Road Anthem" a rap song.

The album also includes a duet with Kelly Clarkson called "Don't You Wanna Stay".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/