



Title: The Questions to Ask Before You Jump Into Bed 

Author: Laurie Seale 

Publish date: 2005 

Format: PDF 

Language: English 

Size: 13 MB 

ISBN-10: 0399532056 



Description: 
If you are a human being, BUY THIS BOOK. Ms. Seale writes with profound knowledge about a subject we must all master if we are to find the right mate and a fulfilling relationship. The insight Ms. Seale provides is born of experience and thorough research (plus a dash of yoga/Eastern discipline with the help of her friend Susan - see the dedication page). We are led gently through the "10 Questions," learning as we go about ourselves and that is the author's main point: We must know ourselves well, the good and the bad, before we can know others and most definitely before we choose a long-term mate. No matter what your age, whether you are dating, starting what may be a long relationship or wondering how to know for sure when the right person for you comes along, reading this book will guide you and help you.........


This lively guide can really kick-start the conversations between couples-but it also offers much more. These questions will help readers find a stronger degree of emotional intimacy before they take the plunge into physical intimacy, allowing them to choose better partners, make smarter decisions, and assess what they're really looking for in a relationship-before they get in too deep. Includes questions like: 

What was the major turning point in your life so far? 

Who are you at your worst? 

Your best? 

What are you most ashamed of? 

Have you ever had sex with an ex? 

What global issues concern you? 

Are you bi-sexual? Bi-polar? 

Bi-coastal? 

Do you believe in Heaven and Hell? 

Do you like your mother? 

Would you date yourself? 
About the Author
Laurie Seale is a trend/behavior analyst for major advertising agencies. A trademarked personality as the Six-Foot Blonde, she has been a radio show host and a columnist for