Divine Nectar - A Guide to Exploring Female Ejaculation

Divine Nectar is an erotic and educational visual delight about sexuality, empowerment, and female ejaculation. Divine Nectar features several artists, musicians, and juicy women from the San Francisco Bay area demonstrating and discussing their experiences with their sexuality and their partners.

Divine Nectar weaves an epic erotic adventure with visionary art animation and a luscious soundtrack complete with revolutionary erotic techniques and education. Unique in its approach to sacred erotic education, Divine Nectar activates us to access our unlimited sexual potential and take our sexuality to a whole new level! 

Unklike many videos on this subject, it is neither too clinical nor too pornographic. It is graphic but no more than necessary to provide useful information. The graphic presentations are more educational than erotic.

It is a bit New Ageish and at the same time provides good information. The information is presented from a female perspective.

THIS IS NOT PORN PRETENDING TO BE AN EDUCATIONAL VIDEO. It is a tastefull presentation on a subject many women and men are curious about.

If you are interested as a couple in learning about female ejaculation this would be a video you can watch together without worrying about freaking out your partner.

One of the weakness of the information presented is that a woman can learn to ejaculate simple by doing thousands of "kegels" or pelvic squeezes daily. This in not accurate. 

The truth is vaginal strength is critical for a woman for not only learning to ejaculate, if she desires, but also necessary for making her orgasms easier, more intense and giving her ability to enjoy multiple orgasms. However, doing thousands of "kegels" daily doesn't guarantee this.

Extensive research clearly demonstrates for vaginal exercises to be effective they MUST be performed using resistance (this is something most articles don't tell you). 

A very female friendly and effective vaginal exerciser is the ezCOME (easy Clinical Orgasm Muscle Exerciser). The ezCOME was designed by sexologists and gynocologists especially for women. Learn more about the ezCOME at:
 
http://www.ezCOME.info 

Q:  Is this video a sales pitch for the ezCOME product?

A:  There is no mention of the ezCOME product in the video. The video explains the need for female pelvic muscle development as an important part of female orgasm improvemt and female ejaculation development and mentions using hundreds of daily "kegels exercises" for this purpose.

However, in the orginal research paper written by Dr. Arnold Kegel, Md OB/Gyn, around 1948; he clearly explained pelvic exercises are only effective when performed using resistance. He developed the first vaginal muscle exerciser for this purpose which he called a periometer. Since that time sex researchers have improve the design and functionality of pelvic muscle or vaginal exercisers.

The ezCOME (easy Clinical Orgasm Muscle Exerciser) was developed by Dr. Karl F. Stifter, a clinical psychologist and sex therepist with 25 years of experience. More information can be found at www.ezcome.info  

The information about the ezCOME product provided here is for the benefit of those interested in improving the female orgasm experience, such as making orgasms easier and more intense, developing multi-orgasmic and ejaculation abilities, and learning the art of Pompoir-- the ability to diliberately contract the vagina muscles during intercourse to give her partner incredible pleasure.

Learn more about the art of Pompoir here: 
 
http://ezcome.info/better-than-a-blow-job-the-Velvet-Grip-Technique-Kabbazah-and-the-Art-of-Pompoir.html#TheVelvetGrip