As made by LittleKuriboh and introducing ShadyVox as the voice of Jaden.


'LittleKuriboh Ft. ShadyVox - The King Of Rhymes'



--------------------------------------------------------



[Jaden]

This is it Yugi. Me and you. The final battle. 
The duel that everyone's been waiting for. I'm not gonna' hold back!

[Yugi]

You bet Jaden. This is gonna' be super special awesome! I can't wait to see your strength.

[Jaden]

Well, alright. Yugi, it's time! ...To spit some rhymes!

[Yugi]

Bring it on Ja- ...Wait what? Oh you have got to be f*cking kidding me...

[Jaden]

Alright Yugi check it out it's Jaden from GX.
And sad to say dogg you're my new test subject.
So listen up, here it is, the awesome challenge I suggest.
Who ever spits the best rap outta' you and me will be the best
duelist in the world and the 'King of Games'.
You know I got you beat but homie don't be lame.
This is serious, you gotta' do it, your title says you have to.
If you decline a challenge by default that means I beat you.
Yugi I hope you're ready, cos this is gonna' be heavy.
I know you might think it's unnecessary,
but that's tough, suck it up dogg, it's something that you gotta' do.
Or you could leave and loose your throne, it's up to you.

[Yugi]

Oh, you think you're hot sh*t, huh? Okay, check this out.

Prime! (mouth noises) Cut! (mouth noises)
Miggidy-mo-mac-daddy (Whuzzup!)
I said a jizzah bang. (Boom boom boom!)
Duh-diggy dog.
I said-a-dog. (A dog)
A-dog. (A dog)
A-diggity dawg!
Hey whatcha say, Jay. Okay, your repartee's cliché.
Forget trading cards, you should just take up ballet.
You wanna duel, don't act the fool,
or I'll just tell you bitch please!
The only consolation here is you're not from 5D's.
So play the damn card, punk. Cause it's time to throw down.
I'm glad it's one on one because all your friends are clowns.
Can't wait to see your face turn to sheer disgrace,
when I duel your punk ass right outta' this place.
My name is Yugi Moto!
Said your show's really lame.
Each episode's the same, yes they are.
Now get yourself set to be ashamed
by the King of Games. (Gaaames)

[Jaden]

Heh, that was ight. But let me lay somet fresh on ya.

[Yugi]

Eh Jaden, you're not black...

[Jaden]

You're 'bout to witness me be absolutely flawless.
The best kind you'll ever see, I'm being honest.
I'm the hardest, the most purest, known artist.
And oh, F.Y.I. Yugi?... I've been taking ballet for 6 years regardless.
But let me lay you something fresh dogg, what I'm gonna' do,
I'ma tell you something that's a hundred percent true.
You're not the King of Games homie, no sorry, not you.
It's your weird egyptian friend thats stuck inside you.
You're a lazy sucker, he does all the work for you.
Then you claim the fame for all the shiz and stuff he do.
What you even doing being inside him anyway?
Everyone agrees dude, that is pretty gay.

[Yami]

You know something, Jaden. I don't think you know who you're dealing with. 
Well allow me to fill you in.

I'm the mother flippin' King of Games. 
My hair's spiked, and my pants are really tight.
And I'm sexy (I'm sexy!)
If you choose to defend, I'm gonna condescend.
Cause my Dark Magic Attack will drive you straight round the bend.
I've got God Cards I won from Battle City.
Don't believe me? Listen carefully to this ditty.
And by the by your cards are sh**y.
And so's your show!
Watch what happens when Slifer takes on Winged Kuriboh.

[Celtic Guardian]

They call me the, Celtic Guardian
My lyrics will blow your cranium'.. Um... Uh...

[Yami]

Oh come on, Dave.

[Celtic Guardian]

I'm thinking! Um... Uh...

[Yami]

Ugh. And he wonders why I never summon him.

[Celtic Guardian] 

Hang on here, I think I got it.
They call me the Celtic Guardian.
Stronger than titanium, sharp as a comedian.
Here I am. Sold out all the stadiums.
I'm not a lower class dueling monster
Where did you get that ridiculous concept-i-on?
Did the Blue-Eyes White Dragon tell you that?
F*ck the Blue-Eyes White Dragon! ...Seriously.

[Yami]

My trap and spell cards they don't make sense,
because their card descriptions are so immense.
And if you duel with me you it won't be tense
because against my monsters you've no defense.
My cards are so potent I might seem conceited
In fact all of my opponents could swear that I cheated.
Sure, sometimes Yugi and I swap places.
But who cares? So long as my enemies have egg on their faces.
Other duelists diss me. Say my cards are sissy.
Why? Why? What Wha-Why? Why exactly? ...Why?
There's nothing girly about the Dark Magician Girl.
And only real men use Watapon!
Jaden, let's face it, you're second best!
I'm sending you straight back to Yu-Gi-Oh GX!
Your deck's unbalanced and your hair's a Kuriboh.
Hey, Ho. I'm the motherflippin'

[Joey]

He's the motherflippin' 

[Téa]

He's the motherflippin'

[Tristan]

Who's the motherflippin'?

[Yami]

I'm the motherflippin'
I'm the motherflippin'
I'm the motherflippin'

Motherflippin'!