Tora! Tora! Tora! (1970) NTSC DVD-5

UPLOADER’S NOTES – These ISO files were created from the files on torrent http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4151093/Tora__Tora__Tora__2_DVD_FULL, which contain the pure, unaltered DVD files from the special edition. This is a two-disc edition; with the first disk containing the film, commentary, original trailer, and a short documentary. The second disk contains two full-length documentaries on the history of the attack and the making of the film, plus trailers, production materials, etc. I’ve gone ahead and created these ISOs from a perfectly good torrent for two reasons – The first was horribly seeded (15 Gb and a week of downloading), and it was badly documented. My hope is that THIS torrent will seed better.

That should satisfy the torrent crowd. For the History folks reading this far, I’d like to recommend both the Wikipedia article noted below, which offers excellent information, and note that the DREADFUL 2001 film Pearl Harbor (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0213149/) should not be seen as a substitute or enhancement to this film. PH was almost completely inaccurate from start to finish, left out all manner of critical aspects of the battle, included a vapid love story that had no place in the narrative, and wastes half the film on a lousy depiction of the Doolittle raid 6 months later. PH is a total embarrassment. The sole advantage of PH over TTT is computer imagery on certain special effects.

TTT went to lengths unknown in its time to be as accurate as possible, with the best special effects of the day. It’s only political agenda was to be historically accurate. The director even noted in the commentary that certain incredible happenings of the day were left out of the film (he describes these) because the producers were afraid the audience would think the filmmakers were inventing things. The film was shot almost entirely on location at the actual places action took place. For those wishing to understand in detail what happened that day, this is the only non-documentary ever made that does so.

Video Codec..........: MPEG-2 
Video Bitrate........: 4157kbps 
Duration.............: 2:24:53
Resolution...........: 720*480 
Framerate............: 29.970
Region 1, NTSC – DVD5
Letterbox Format
Texted Languages – English, Spanish, French
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066473/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tora!_Tora!_Tora!

Tora! Tora! Tora! is a 1970 American-Japanese film that dramatizes the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, to the extent these facts were known at the time of production.

The commanders in Hawaii, General Short and Admiral Kimmel, though scapegoated for decades, are portrayed as taking defensive measures for the apparent threats, including relocation of the fighter aircraft at Pearl Harbor to the middle of the base, in response to fears of sabotage from local Japanese insurgents. They received limited warning of the increasing risk of aerial attack, which was better understood in Washington than in Honolulu. The film is famous for Isoroku Yamamoto's quote likening the attacks to "awakening a sleeping giant", although it may have been fictitious.

The title is made up of the code-words that were used by the Japanese to indicate that complete surprise was achieved and is translated in the Japanese as TORA or "tiger", hence making the code for achieved surprise "Tiger, tiger, tiger".

Cast

The film was deliberately cast with actors who were not true box-office stars, in order to place the emphasis on the story rather than the actors who were in it, as so often happens in all-star cast productions. As appearing in screen credits:

Martin Balsam
Admiral Husband E. Kimmel, Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet

Soh Yamamura
Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto, Commander-in-Chief, Combined Fleet

Joseph Cotten
Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson

Tatsuya Mihashi
Commander Minoru Genda, Air Staff, 1st Air Fleet

E. G. Marshall
Colonel Rufus S. Bratton

James Whitmore
Vice Admiral William F. Halsey

Takahiro Tamura
Commander Mitsuo Fuchida, Commander, Air Group of Akagi

Eijiro Tono
Vice Admiral Chuichi Nagumo, Commander-in-Chief, 1st Air Fleet

Jason Robards
Lieutenant General Walter Short, Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Army Forces Hawaii

Wesley Addy
Lieutenant Commander Alvin D. Kramer
Shogo Shimada
Admiral Kichisaburo Nomura, Japanese Ambassador to the United States
Frank Aletter
Lieutenant Commander Thomas
Koreya Senda
Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe

Leon Ames
Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox

Junya Usami
Admiral Zengo Yoshida, Naval Councillor-Navy

Richard Anderson
Captain John Earle

Kazuo Kitamura
Foreign Minister Yosuke Matsuoka

Keith Andes
General George Marshall, Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army

Edward Andrews
Admiral Harold R. Stark, Chief of Naval Operations

Neville Brand
Lieutenant Kaminsky

Leora Dana
Mrs. Kramer
Susumu Fujita
Rear Admiral Tamon Yamaguchi, Commander, 2nd Air Squadron

Asao Uchida
Minister of War General Hideki Tojo

George Macready
Secretary of State Cordell Hull

Norman Alden
Major Truman H. Landon

Walter Brooke
Captain Theodore S. Wilkinson

Rick Cooper
Lieutenant George Welch

Carl Reindel
Second Lieutenant Kenneth M. Taylor



