FELLOW PHILLY SOUL LEGENDS DARYL HALL AND TODD RUNDGREN HARMONIZE ON A BRAND-NEW LIVE FROM DARYL'S HOUSE SEPT. 15

23rd edition of acclaimed web show features the duo performing an eight-song set of originals and classic covers, including songs by The Soul Survivors, Average White Band

NEW YORK, Sept. 14, 2009 - Both Daryl Hall and Todd Rundgren shared a love of the street-corner doo-wop harmonies and soulful R&B they grew up listening to from the groups in their hometown of Philadelphia, and now the two will join their equally distinctive voices for the 23rd and latest edition of the acclaimed, groundbreaking web series Live From Daryl's House on Sept. 15 at www.livefromdarylshouse.com.

Says Daryl: "Todd and I grew up almost in the same neighborhood and as kids we listened to and were influenced by pretty much the same musicians that were part of the creation of the sound of Philadelphia."

The two join forces on an eight-song set that includes Daryl Hall's War Babies song "Better Watch Your Back" (a 1975 live version from London of the War Babies track is included on the Sony Legacy four-CD box set, Do What You Want Be What You Are, coming Oct. 13 - the original 1974 LP was produced by Rundgren) and "Wait for Me" (a fans favorite from their 1979 album, X-Static, also featured on the compilation). In addition, Daryl and Todd perform Rundgren originals "Sweet," "Want of a Nail," "Sometimes I Don't Know What to Feel" and "Can We Still be Friends" and must-see versions of the Soul Survivors' hit, "Expressway to Your Heart" and Average White Band's "You Got It."

"It was great working with Daryl again, bookending the 37 years since my producing War Babies," says Rundgren of the Live from Daryl's House experience.

Rundgren also produced the recent New York Dolls album, Cause I Sez So, on Rhino/Atco, 37 years after he did the honors on the mythic band's debut. Four of his current first-ever A Wizard, A True Star" performances were streamed on the web, with one being shot for a live DVD/CD. In addition, Rundgren just attended the opening of a Celebrity Spotlight Exhibit featuring highlights of his career in Cleveland on Sept. 7.