I've first heard about Kick-Ass and been waiting to see it since November 2009. After I began to read the comics and they were very good! I'm just very happy I got the chance to finally see the movie yesterday at 10:30 pm. I have never done a review for a movie before, but I'll try to explain my opinions well.

Let me just say that Kick-Ass is nothing like any other superhero movie out there. It's not even like any other action/comedy/suspense movie you'll view out there!

I loved Dave/Kick-Ass' character because he relates to most teens these days. He was very silly, slow but smart, and was just totally outrageously funny and had quirky lines. I thought Aaron Johnson played his part perfectly well. Especially the hilarious but 'kick-ass' fight scenes he was in. When I first saw Red Mist, I already loved him. He was a spoiled, annoying and conceited kid. And Christopher Mintz-Plasse did a very great job at portraying that type of character. It was definitely something different than 'McLovin' and much more of an interesting character brought to the table! Hit-Girl was absolutely amazing and ridiculously insane! I loved her and I'm pretty sure the audience did too. She can be so innocent and sweet as a regular child, but when she's in her mask and hardcore crime-fighting purple outfit she's just stunningly awesome! No one is like Hit-Girl, and I can yell that to anyone! Chloe Moretz is an amazing actress and she seems like she has a very bright future ahead of her. I admire her acting and her movies. Lastly, Big Daddy was not only the most hardcore character in the film, but he had to do a lot with the plot and storyline. Not to mention his super funny Adam West impressions. I loved Big Daddy, but hated what happened near the end (movie and comic-wise).

Kick-Ass the most exhilarating, jaw-dropping, and the most hilarious movie I've ever seen in my 16 years! I loved every single moment in the film and found most of the humor very funny. Before seeing the movie, I got a little scared that it might be just another 'let down' or 'walk-out' movie I'd have to deal with. But it wasn't. It was very perfectly entertaining and satisfying for me in many ways. Kick-Ass is definitely one my favorite films ever, and it was just simply the most amazing and hilarious film nobody can't miss! Not to mention that it was just super fun and exciting just like riding a roller-coaster! This is the perfect superhero movie anyone would enjoy.

Release Date: 16 April 2010 (USA)
