Van Lear Rose is a Grammy Award-winning album by Loretta Lynn, released in 2004 and produced by Jack White of the rock band The White Stripes. The album was initially intended as a musical experiment, blending the styles of country singer-songwriter Lynn and producer White, who wrote one track, sings a duet with Lynn, and performs on the whole album as a musician. At the time of the album's release, Lynn was 69 and White was 28.

The title refers to Lynn's origins as the daughter of a miner working the Van Lear coal mines. The album peaked at number two on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and at number 24 on the Billboard 200, the most successful crossover music album of Lynn's 45-year career.

At the Grammy Awards of 2005, Lynn was nominated for 5 awards and won 2: Best Country Album and Best Country Collaboration with Vocals for her duet with White, "Portland, Oregon". Two of her other nominations were for Best Country Song: "Portland, Oregon" and "Miss Being Mrs." "Miss Being Mrs." was also nominated for Best Female Country Vocal Performance.

The song Portland, Oregon was listed as the 305th best song of the 2000's by pitchfork media.

All songs written by Loretta Lynn, except where noted:

"Van Lear Rose" – 3:50 
"Portland Oregon" – 3:49 
"Trouble on the Line" – 2:21 
"Family Tree" – 3:03 
"Have Mercy" – 2:35 
"High on a Mountain Top" – 2:44 
"Little Red Shoes" (Jack White) – 3:33 
"God Makes No Mistakes" – 1:45 
"Women's Prison" – 4:16 
"This Old House" – 1:56 
"Mrs. Leroy Brown" – 3:38 
"Miss Being Mrs." – 2:50 
"Story of My Life" – 2:40 

[edit] Personnel
Loretta Lynn - vocals, guitar 
Dave Feeny - pedal guitar, steel guitar, dobro, percussion, background vocals 
Patrick Keeler - drums, percussion, background vocals 
Jack Lawrence - bass, percussion, background vocals 
Dan John Miller - acoustic guitar, percussion, background vocals 
Dirk Powell - fiddle, bowed bass, banjo 
Jack White - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, organ, piano, percussion, background vocals 
Brendan Benson - engineer 
Erin McConnell - engineer 
Stuart Sikes - mixing 
