Interviews Eric Hufschmid: The second interview

Eric Hufschmid is suspected by some people as a dis info agent.

Icoconoclast uses harsh interview techniques on Eric Hufschmid to un-cover hidden secrets in "The Bollyn Mystery".

Eric Hufschmid is also asked about the numerous death threats he has gotten from Daryll Bradford Smith. Smith says these threats are because Eric had the only working pass code to the website, and was posting dis-information articles on the French Connection Website. A lot of the Articles were written by Christopher Bollyn at the same time Bollyn was on radio shows talking bad about DBS. It seem to be a psych-op job, to make DBS unstable and it worked.

Eric Hufschmids sister is married to Rupert Murdoch Son who is aire to the FOX fortune. (Iconoclast Radio covers that.)

Bollyn Says Smith & Hufschmid are promoting Violence.

	Eric Hufschmid Say`s in this interview that Dave VonKliest & Joyce Riley brought a woman that worked at a BDSM Smut Club to try and compromise Eric Hufschmid and have him get the same Monster Black Strap-on that Dave and Joyce Get. 

 I have many personal phone number of people like Jordan Maxwell, Anthony Hilder etc. I would like to trade phone numbers with other researchers.

Definition of cult member:
1.a particular system of religious worship,(That means All Christians!) esp. with reference to its rites and ceremonies. (Ah lets see...Baptism,Wine is his blood, the bread is the body of our God) 

2. an instance of great veneration of a person,(Gets mad when you expose cult leader Alex Jones) ideal (America Sodom & Gamora Thong on the beach lifestyle vs Hejab Vail, or thing, esp. as manifested by a body of admirers: the physical fitness cult.

3. a group or sect bound together by veneration of the same thing( We are all Americans, liberal, Conservative, person (Obama), ideal (Change), etc.

4. Sociology. a group having a sacred ideology and a set of rites centering around their sacred symbols.

5. a religion or sect considered to be false, unorthodox, or extremist, with members often living outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader.

6. the members of such a religion or sect.

7. any system for treating human sickness that originated by a person usually claiming to have sole insight into the nature of disease, and that employs methods regarded as unorthodox or unscientific. (The Medical Monopoly)



New world order ,Strawman, U.C.C., Bohemian Grove, Free, Alternative energy, Iconoclast Radio, common Law, Freeman, Sovereign, Conspiracy , politics , cover-up , Government , crime , alex jones , david icke , Jordan maxwell , Russell Pine , Tisarion , Bill clinton , Hillary Clinton , Obama , Republicans , Democrats , Zionist jews , cults , mind Control , brainwashing,truth , facts , documentary , killers , murders , death , muslims , Christians , mormons , scientology , CULTS , self help , tutorials , information , terrorist , scams , exposed , Alex jones sucks, Alex Jones Exposed , Alex Jones Can not be trusted , Shill , Mae Brussel , Mark Lombardi , Hawaii , Nebuchadrezzar , Nebuchadnezzar , Scott Scurlock , awake , Joe Rogan , Anthony J. hilder, jack blood, alan watt , joyce riley , 911 , 9/11 , 666 , babylon , Babylonian , annunaki , UFO, Africa , Aliens , reptilian , Jeff Rense , royalty , bloodlines , elite , Vaccines , global warming , depopulation , organs , Medical , Doctors , Hiv , AIDS , biological , chemical , jonestown , heavens gate , Moon hoax , Truth , economy , liberation , Ted Pike , Activist , teacher , education, university , carribean , south america , africa , china , jamaica , Kingston , Grand Cayman , Cayman Brac , Little Cayman , Puerto Rico , San Juan , 2 pac , media , news , report , Eric Hufschmid , Pro Think , hollywood , propaganda , work , revolution , Simon Bolivar , Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , Venezuela , Peter Kawaja , National Geographic , results , responsibilty , ron paul , Myran Fagan , edward G. griffin , illuminati , Islam , mohammad , baphomet , hip hop , Haiti , Port-au-Prince , Haitian , Haitian Revolution , rap , heavy metal , country music , jesus , Black pope , Vatican , political , cancer cures , John Coleman , Bill gates , India , Revolution , Mike Delaney , Psychological Warfare , argentina , Chile , Panama , Lies , Judaism , Isreal , Isreali , Racist , Racism, Trust , Palistine , Collins Brothers , Texe Marrs , John Stadtmiller , Dominican , Dominican Republic , Santo Domingo, Family Guy , Gaza , Check Point , Jerusalem , Nuke , Michael Collins Piper , Iran , Michael A Hoffman , Fedor Emelianenko , Daryl Bradford Smith , Nuclear , Mossad , Hack , Hacker , Core Of Corruption , O'connell , Dr. Toben , Ernst Zundell , Mexico , Guatemala , Cuba , Havana , David Irving, Zionist ,Phil Valentine, Marcus Kline, Bobby Seal, Steve Cokely, weak genes , gene, Nazi , Shin Bet , AIPAC , JDL, ADL , astrology , Evolution , untold , Black , Muslim , Bankers , Canada , NOI , Nation Of Islam, Cult , Slavery , Slave , Labor camp , Hugo Chavez , wiccan , Cult , Narly , Universal Heath care , Socialist , Communist , Democrat , Republican , Ecuador , Brazil , Morocco , Algeria , Niger , Chad , Rwanda , Cameroon , Nigeria , Sudan , Uganda , Yemen , Jordan , Egypt , Libya , Saudi Arabia , Japan , China , India , Malaysia ,Denise Riness, Civilization Engineering, Joe Blow No Show, Iconoclastradio The Arena
