Info copied from 
http://fanedit.org/273/


What is it about? This is the scary as hell take on THE DESCENT.
Less psycho, less moral, less dragging, full crawler attack.

tagline: These caves are alive.

original film name: The Descent
new film name : The Descent – Scary As Hell Edition
film studio name : Path
edit crew name : 3Raz0r
Date Original Film Was Released : 11/2005
Date Edit Was Released : 07/2007
Original Runtime : 99 min
New Runtime : 83 min
Amount of time Cut/Added : 16 min. cut

Fanedit details:

What was done?
-Sarah is not hallucinating:
Sarah is a the traumatized psycho of the group. In a terrible car accident her kid and husband get killed, while she was driving. When the other girls take her on the caving tour she is still not cured. During the movie she has lots of hallucinations and in the grand finale she is living in her hallucination, celebrating the birthday of her daughter.
All of this is gone. She is traumatized, yes, but we don’t see why and we never experience any of her hallucinations. Removing these scenes made Sarah more a member of the group and less the focus of it all. Also it spares the audience from the rather dragging and long beginning and it makes the single ending more possible. Removing the hallucinations keeps the entire movie in reality.

-Juno is a hero
Juno is the heroine of the group, the fighter, the leader with great physical skills and a bit of a lack in social skills. She is responsible for the group getting lost in the cave and she also by accident kills one of the girls. For this she has to pay a great price. Sarah hits her with a climbing hammer, so she cannot run away from the crawlers and is destined to die.
This killing by revenge was for me the reason for this fanedit. It was an accident. Juno is a good guy and she saved more lives than each of the other girls. Killing her like that was totally unnecessary and it felt unfair to me. Yes, she walks away from the dying Beth, although Beth asks her to stay, but still, she is in panic and it is all too much. Her reaction is maybe not nice, but very understandable.
Since I don’t want to spoil it all, I will just say: I changed a lot, so Juno can be a hero in the end.

-One ending is enough
Yes, it simply is. The second ending felt completely senseless to me and rather confused me than making me think: “oh brilliant.” Now I think I do get the intention of the director, but it did not work for me, so I changed it to one single ending.

What was not done?
I didn’t touch the monsters, although my first intention was to reduce their scenes. But with the entire movie in reality, they are just scary, disgusting and cool, even in the scene, when one crawler sits on Sarah and doesn’t realize that she is alive.
The monsters appear late, but they do quite intense then.

So finally you get a horror movie, which was improved in my opinion. The original is great, but this one is for sure scarier.
DVD details:
82 minutes NTSC widescreen
menus
2 deleted scenes
cover and disc art

Your intention for this fanedit:
Remove the dragging beginning, take out the hallucinations, take out Juno being attacked by Sarah, let the movie play in reality, have one ending only, create a movie I prefer to watch again.

Your way to achieve your intention:
editing, replacing, moving, cutting, deleting, overscoring

Hardware and software information:
lots and lots and lots of great programs.

Additional Comment:
This is my second fanedit. My first fanedit is THE HILLS HAVE EYES 2 – SCARY AS HELL EDITION and has been downloaded more than a 1000 times. I again released it as avi first. There is also a DVD version for this. And an ipod version will be attached to the DVD.
Time needed for the edition: 3 days.

persons involved: me

AWARDS:

WINNER OF THE SEPTEMBER 2007 FANEDIT OF THE MONTH CONTEST ON FANEDIT.ORG