This is a collection of all the videos from the now defunct website ShameOnHer.com.

“If you are in the mood for rough sex and dumb bitches, then don't move from your seat. This site features dumb ass bitches that either got to drunk, had some mental issues or just love to be abused and used by mean cock hounds. The guys cruise clubs and find the cutest little sluts around as they finish off one too many drinks. That is when the grab them up and stuff them full of hard cock meat. If they can they grab two nasty drunk bitches and take them home to fuck and then dump before they wake up. Mental chicks love the abuse these nasty fucks give them and come back over and over again to be humiliated."

Screens are in the torrent.


Episode 01 ''Paybacks A Painful Bitch'' Gracie Glam, Leah, Leslie Foxx & Lindy Lane
http://bayimg.com/fAhiLAaCl
“When poor Leah finds she is hated by half the girls at school she honestly doesn't care. She has her own friends and just keeps to herself. That attitude really pisses off Gracie, Leslie and Lindy. They corner her in the locker room and give this poor nasty slut a working over that would make any other girl cry. Leah takes it and cries a little bit, but comes to find out she loves being on the end of a huge strap-on.”


Episode 02 ''Drunk Girl'' Dee Roze
http://bayimg.com/GAhILAAcl
“This update proves you shouldn't trust your friends. When this blonde babe goes clubbing with her friend, she gets stone cold drunk. Her friend wants to party on the night is young, so she dumps her off at a friend's house. What happens next is just rude! They flop her ass on the couch and begin to pummel her sleeping pussy as she snores away. I wonder when she wakes up if she will realize her friend left her to be abused by these thick cocks.”


Episode 03 ''Washroom Rage'' Riley Davis
http://bayimg.com/hAHijAAcl
“This guy tried to be a gentleman and tell Riley she was pissing all over the floor in the men's bathroom. When she gives him a hard time and some attitude, he can't stand it anymore. He grabs this mouthy bitch and feeds her his hard cock. When she can't talk anymore he bends that bitch over and pounds her pussy until she has a better attitude for a nice guy like him. I don't think this mean mouthed bitch will be so smart to the next guy she meets.”


Episode 04 ''A Little Out Of Hand'' Lilith Davey & Brook Adams
http://bayimg.com/haHInaacl
“These nasty sluts wanted something a little out of the ordinary, but when they got back to these guys pad, things got a bit more extreme then they both had planned on. Watch as the guys tie them together and fuck them like the slut puppies that they thought they were. They split those mouths wide with hard cock and then slammed those meat poles deep into those tight twats until these whore wannabes were raw and sore.”


Episode 05 ''Trespassing On Pussy Territory'' Victoria Lawson
http://bayimg.com/iahIgAAcL
“This brunette was bored as hell and invited some of her workmates over for a small party at her house. She must not get out much, because it wasn't long until she was passed out in her closet. The guys went looking for her and when they found her laying stone cold on the floor they decided to have a little after hour's fun with her panty clad pussy. They found her pussy slick and wet so slid her a little meat.”


Episode 06 ''Gagged And Fucked'' Audrey Nicole
http://bayimg.com/IAhiMAaCL
“This blonde slut can't say a word to this stranger, he has her mouth stuffed full with a black ball gag. When Audrey started to wake up from her all nighter she found her face gagged and her hands tied behind her back. Now she will know the feel of a whip and the crack of a cock as it pounds its way around her phat ass and slick pink pussy. I wonder how she will like being a slave until this hard cock gets tired of her tight pussy.”


Episode 07 ''A Package Of Pain'' Ladonna
http://bayimg.com/JaHIAAACl
“This pretty girl LaDonna is not having a good day, but it is her own fault. She gets drunk and her boyfriend has had enough. She gets her ass tied up and her pussy pummeled. He stuffs her into a trunk and leaves her at the luggage counter in the airport. He figures someone will find her and let her out. Then she will have learned her lesson. Instead she gets found, and taken home to this guy's house where he continues to abuse her pink pussy and destroy her face with his monster cock.”


Episode 08 ''Hangin Meat'' Cassie Rose & Angelica Raven
http://bayimg.com/JaHIiAAcL
“The guys went fishing and found some beautiful land tuna that they took home for their catch of the day. I'm not sure if these lovely fish had any clue they were about to be abused like nasty whores, but they did go along for the ride. All four of them got hung from the ceiling and those fuck holes were used, and abused before giving some thick cum shakes to these nasty slutty holes.”


Episode 09 ''Treat Em How They Want To Be Treated'' Skyla Paige
http://bayimg.com/JAHinaacl
“Check out a really cute teen as she gets drunk off her ass. When she heads to the bathroom she isn't alone and as she falls out of her seat and into the floor a kind soul helps her up. Well sorta, he helps her short mini skirt up farther than it was and pulls her panties down to help her onto his thick meaty cock. She wakes up to find her pussy filled with meat. Check out her what the fuck face it is worth a million.”


Episode 10 ''Trapped in the Closet'' Melissa Matthews
http://bayimg.com/kAhIFAacl
“Melissa got abused at a frat party, what did she expect. Everyone knows that frat parties are filled with beer and drunken horny college dudes. She might have been out for a good time, and she does get a good time in the garage even if she doesn't know it because she is passed out. I really don't think that this was what she had in mind. Do you think Melissa will head out to another frat party anytime soon after her fucking ordeal.”


Episode 11 ''Cum Dumpster'' Dahlia Sin
http://bayimg.com/KAhImaAcL
“Some guys have all the luck, when the guys left the strip club, they were hard, horny and pissed that the lap dances were just that lap dances nothing more. When they saw this stripping slut laying head first in the gutter they knew exactly what to do! They grabbed her and fucked that slut and gave her an alley dance that her drunk passed out ass couldn't resist. When she woke up she had a thick cock up her pussy and her mouth was being ripped apart by his hands.”


Episode 12 ''Just Trying to Help'' Diana Prince
http://bayimg.com/lahIEAACL
“Watch as this brunette slut drinks one too many beers. It was .00 Bud night and she took full advantage of the situation, now the guys are going to take full advantage of her drunken ass. They try to help her out to her car, but they have to stop and pull her panties down and give her a boost with those hard meaty poles that they have. When they are done with her, both holes are gapping wide and she has a cum cocktail.”


Episode 13 ''Cock Tease Revenge'' Taylor Tilden
http://bayimg.com/LAHinaaCL
“This nasty fuck slut Taylor Tilden gets herself in a world of fuck when she leads on a dude at the local club. She gets him to buy her drink after drink, shows off some cleavage and squeezes his cock under the table. When it is time to leave for the night, she leaves him cold in the parking lot. She has a surprise coming though; he follows her home and rips off her undies, shoving them in mouth. When he is finished gagging her he fills that pussy with some hard cock until she is moaning and begging for more.”


Episode 14 ''Washroom Interruption'' Jules Sterling
http://bayimg.com/nAHiKAacL

