Nunsense Musical Collection – The original plus the four commercially released sequels.

A smash comedic off-Broadway hit in 1985, the show has generated 5 sequels and counting. All manner of material and merchandise is available at the official website: http://nunsense.com/shows/nun1.cfm

The humor is gentle and old fashioned, with just enough saucy stuff thrown in to entertain the literate younger folks. Still (to be honest), this is VERY much a standard musical theatre type of production. By that I mean that people who don’t generally care for musicals probably won’t like this. However, the chance to see a stoned Mother Superior, or all the inside jokes for Catholics might just reach a few folks who otherwise might give this a miss. The strongest of the group is the original.

The only show missing from this torrent is ‘Meshuggah-Nuns!’ which has not yet been released on film. As far as I can tell, this is the first torrent of any of the shows, let alone all of them together. Clips of the songs and scenes are available at the official website and onThe notes that follow are from Wikipedia and the official website.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nunsense
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114017/

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 741kbps 
Duration.............: 1:51:53
Resolution...........: 432*320 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 118 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
No SUBTITLES

NUNSENSE (1993) - begins when the Little Sisters of Hoboken discover that their cook, Sister Julia, Child of God, has accidentally poisoned 52 of the sisters, and they are in dire need of funds for the burials. The sisters decide that the best way to raise the money is to put on a variety show, so they take over the school auditorium, which is currently set up for the eighth grade production of “Grease.” Here we meet Reverend Mother Regina, a former circus performer; Sister Mary Hubert, the Mistress of Novices; a streetwise nun from Brooklyn named Sister Robert Anne; Sister Mary Leo, a novice who is a wannabe ballerina; and the delightfully wacky Sister Mary Amnesia, the nun who lost her memory when a crucifix fell on her head. Featuring star turns, tap and ballet dancing, an audience quiz, and comic surprises, this show has become an international phenomenon. With more than 5000 productions worldwide, it has been translated into 21 languages.


NUNSENSE 2: THE SECOND COMING (1996 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0135572/) -  takes place six weeks after the sisters have staged their first benefit. The sisters are back presenting a "thank-you" show for all the people who supported them in the past. But now, they're a bit slicker, having been "bitten by the theater bug." Things get to off to a rousing start as the sisters sing Nunsense, the Magic Word, but before long. chaos erupts. Two Franciscans come to claim Sister Mary Amnesia (who has won the Publishers? Clearing House Sweepstakes) as one of their own. At the same time the nuns hear that a talent scout is in the audience to see them strut their stuff. From the riotous bingo game run by Sister Amnesia to the hilarious duet, What Would Elvis Do?, to the rousing finale, There's Only One Way to End Your Prayers and That's to Say Amen!, this show will have you rolling in the aisles!


SISTER AMNESIA'S COUNTRY WESTERN NUNSENSE JAMBOREE (1998 - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0196806/) is presented as a promotional tour for Sister Mary Amnesia?s newly released album, I Could've Gone to Nashville. After regaining her memory Sr. Amnesia realizes she is Sister Mary Paul, a former country singer. Reverend Mother, feeling that one should not waste God-given talent, gets Sister Mary Paul a recording contract and now she is on a national tour. Introducing two new characters, Sister Mary Wilhem (the convent nurse), and Father Virgil Manly Trott (Sister Leo?s real-life brother), this show is filled with hysterical one-liners and infectious comic tunes. Audiences participate in a rousing "Country Auction" and join with the cast as they sing We know that somewhere up in heaven you're a saint, Patsy Cline! Will Sister Amnesia leave the convent for the Grand Ole Op'ry? You'll have to wait till the finale, Do Unto Others to get the answer.


NUNCRACKERS: THE NUNSENSE CHRISTMAS MUSICAL (2001 - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0285806/) is the first “TV Special” taped by the sisters in their convent basement studio for Cable Access. It stars the nuns you love plus Father Virgil and some of Mt. Saint Helen’s most talented students. It features all new songs including: Twelve Days Prior to Christmas, Santa Ain’t Comin’ To Our House, We Three Kings of Orient Are Us, and It’s Better to Give Than To Receive. This show is filled with “Nunsense” humor, some of your favorite carols, a “Secret Santa,” and an uproarious take on Tchaikovsky’s Nutcracker Ballet. Nuncrackers will make you laugh and maybe tug at your heartstrings. It’s the perfect way to insure your holiday season is merry and bright.


MESHUGGAH-NUNS! (Not included in this torrent – has never been released on DVD, but film clips are available at http://nunsense.com/shows/meshnuns.cfm) finds the sisters on an all-expense paid trip on the “Faiths of All Nations” Cruise. When the cast of “Fiddler on the Roof” (with the exception of the guy playing Tevye) gets seasick, the ship’s captain asks the sisters and Tevye to put on a show. The result- Meshuggah-Nuns! Hilarity reigns supreme on the high seas with songs like Say It In Yiddish, Contrition, In the Convent, and If I Were a Catholic. From Sister Amnesia’s attempt at magic to the sing-along Fiddlerspiel, Meshuggah-Nuns is an ecumenical fun-fest. You don’t have to be Catholic. You don’t have to be Jewish. This is a show for anyone who loves a good laugh!


NUNSENSATIONS - THE NUNSENSE VEGAS REVUE (2006 - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0950756/) takes the sisters on a brand new adventure. When a parishioner volunteers to donate $10,000 to the sisters’ school if they will perform in a club in Las Vegas, Mother Superior is hesistant to accept. However, after being convinced by the other sisters that “what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas” Reverend Mother agrees. What follows is the most feather-filled, sequin-studded, fan dancing Nunsense show ever! Performing in “The Pump Room” at the Mystique Motor Lodge, the sisters experience “show-biz” like never before. You’ll meet Sin-City Sue, find out who’s Black and White with Her Money on Red, and try to win a new car with the “Holy Rollers Giant Slot Machine.” Taking a line from another show, a critic pointed out, “It’s a whole lot funny and a little bit naughty, but there ain’t nothin’ dirty goin’ on!”


NUNSENSE A-MEN (Not included in this torrent – has never been released on DVD, but film clips are available at http://nunsense.com/shows/amen.cfm) is basically the original “Nunsense” show with all of the characters being portrayed by male musical comedy performers. Think of it as “Mrs. Doubtfire enters the Convent.” Done totally seriously, this show is, to quote a critic, “no drag.” First performed in Brazil as “Novicas Rebeldes,” this version of “Nunsense” premiered in New York in 1998. Receiving rave reviews and standing ovations subsequent productions have boasted such stars as “Laugh-In’s” Arte Johnson as Mother Superior and Olympic Champion, Greg Louganis as Sister Robert Anne. A whole new layer of comedy surfaces with lines like “The guys in the old neighborhood still can’t believe I became a nun!” To quote the New York Times: “A change of habit, boy oh, boy!”
