Uniblue RegistryBooster 2010 v4.5.0.17 + SERIAL ~ IslandGirl@1337x.org

Registry Booster is the safest and most trusted solution to clean and optimise your system, free it from registry errors and fragmented entries. Through Advanced Error Detection Technology, Registry Booster automatically identifies missing, corrupt, or invalid items in your Windows registry and dramatically enhance performance and general stability. Using Registry Booster, you won't need to keep track of all the sources of common problems resulting from missing, broken or bad application or Windows shortcuts and links, missing or corrupt application IDs, obsolete Start Menu items, unused drivers…and many more!

Key Benefits of RegistryBooster 2

-- Clean Your System and Boost Performance
Boost system performance by cleaning out all missing, unwanted, obsolete and corrupt registry entries automatically with RegistryBooster 2.

-- Repair Your PC and Keep It Tuned
Dramatically improve your computing experience by repairing all registry problems and minimizing application seizures and crashes.

-- Exceptionally Simple to Use
Set in a highly intuitive, attractive, logical and user-friendly graphical user interface, RegistryBooster 2 sets the standard for ease-of-use.

-- More Scanning Options
Due to the improvements made to the scanning engine you are now able to scan for more sections within the registry.

-- An Ignore List
This is quite an innovative feature and very useful for those users who are extra cautious with their registry. By specifying the Registry section and path the user will be able to exclude registry parts from the scan.

-- Log Generation
Displays a transcript of all the actions performed on the registry by a particular fix operation. Especially helpful for those users wanting to know what has been done to their registry.

-- Windows Vista Compatible
RegistryBooster 2 is now fully Windows Vista Compatible and can still be run on Windows XP and 2000. The program automatically adapts itself according to the version of your operating system so you do not have to configure any manual settings.

-- Safe and Trusted
Avoid crashes, seizures, slow downs and error messages with the safest and most trusted solution from a leading software vendor.

Features of RegistryBooster 2

> User Interface
Windows Familiar GUI
System Tray Shortcut
Automatic Registry Scan Shows Scan Progress
System Overview and Recommendations
Extensive Manual and Help

> Registry Scan
Scan History and Summary
Advanced Error Detection Technology
Automatic Removal
Manual Removal
Ignore List
Detailed Error Descriptions
ActiveX, OLE, COM Sections Scan Help Section Scan
User Software Settings Scan
System Software Settings Scan
Shared DLLs Section Scan
System Drivers Scan
Invalid File Associations Scan
Startup Section Scan
Sound and App Events Scan
Uninstall Section Scan

> Registry Defrag
Registry Defrag.
History Automatic Registry Defrag

> Backup & Restore
Automatic Backup During Scan
Backup History
One-Click Registry Restore

> Settings
Launch Application at Start-Up
Launch Scan at Start-Up
Start in System Tray
Confirm Backups Before Registry Scan

Homepage - www.liutilities.com

2.8 MB

Uniblue RegistryBooster 2010 v4.5.0.17 + Reg. Code


Install notes:
1. run setup to install
2. register with included code
Done - Enjoy =)


Tested by me on my 32 bit vista and serial works
Scanned with Kaspersky , 1005 CLEAN
Upped by IslandGirl -