SMOCKING ACES DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
FORMAT AVI
SIZE/RES 480x272[wide screen]
runtime 104.22mins
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp25

AUDIO CODEC MP3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
info  123 kb/s tot , Joint Stereo

PLOT

The film opens with Agents Messner (Reynolds) and Carruthers (Liotta) staking out crime lord Primo Sparazza's estate. Sparazza, one of the leading members of the Mafia, has become bedridden with various medical ailments, including a heart condition. Monitoring a telephone call between Sparazza's underbosses Sidney K. Serna and Victor "Baby Buzz" Padiche, they learn that Sparazza has put out a $1 million bounty on Buddy "Aces" Israel (Jeremy Piven), a Las Vegas performer. He also wants Israel's heart brought to him before he dies.

Buddy "Aces" Israel is a noted Las Vegas performer, who could regularly sell out the MGM Grand's main room. As a result of his popularity, Israel had become friends with Primo Sparazza and other Mafiosi in Las Vegas. Sparazza gave Israel his first big break onstage, brought him up through the ranks of the mob, and as a result, Israel became the unofficial mascot for the Vegas mob. Israel gained the loyalties of Sparazza's top men, with the idea of replacing Sparazza. Israel succeeded in splitting up the Sparazza crime family into dual factions. The infighting that followed drew the attention of the federal government. The FBI is willing to offer Israel immunity from prosecution and entry into the United States Federal Witness Protection Program if Israel turns state's evidence.

Israel has currently jumped bail on his lawyer and has secreted himself in the Nomad Casino penthouse suite in Lake Tahoe. Messner and Carruthers are informed by FBI Deputy Director Locke (Andy Garcia) that the FBI is currently in negotiation with Israel's agent/attorney, Morris Mecklen (Curtis Armstrong), for Israel's surrender to the FBI and to provide subsequent testimony against the Vegas mob. With the word of the large bounty, an assortment of degenerate psychopaths and assassins are seeking to collect. Locke wants Messner and Carruthers in Lake Tahoe ready to take Israel into custody as soon as a deal is reached.

Meanwhile, bail bondsman Jack Dupree (Ben Affleck) tells the story of Israel to his partners, "Pistol" Pete Deeks (Peter Berg) and Hollis Elmore (Martin Henderson) and prepares them to catch Israel. Meanwhile, hitwomen Sharice Watters (Taraji P. Henson) and Georgia Sykes (Alicia Keys) are hired by Padiche (David Proval) to kill Israel. Torture expert and mercenary Pasquale Acosta (Nestor Carbonell), the psychotic neo-Nazi Tremor Brothers (Chris Pine, Kevin Durand and Maury Sterling) and deadly master of disguise Lazlo Soot (Tommy Flanagan) also join in the hunt for Israel.

In the hotel suite with his bodyguards Ivy (Common), Hugo (Joel Edgerton) and Beanie (Christopher Holley), Buddy Israel is living a life of prostitutes and cocaine, protected by the Nomad's own armed security. Carruthers and Messner are at a bar in Vegas where they are talking about Primo Sparazza and joking about Israel's problems. At the same time, they are unaware that the hitmen and bounty hunters are descending on the hotel, each intent on collecting Israel. Pasquale Acosta disguises himself as an FBI agent and asks to speak with the Nomad security supervisor. Georgia Sykes plans to pose as one of Israel's prostitutes and kill him when she is let inside the penthouse while Sharice Watters covers her with a .50 caliber M107 sniper rifle at the hotel across the street.

At a rest stop overlooking Lake Tahoe, Jack Dupree explains his plan to Deeks and Elmore to sneak into the Nomad using Nomad security uniforms. Dupree's plan is cut short when the fugitive Tremor Brothers happen upon them and gun all three men down in order to take their car. After discovering the bail bond paperwork in Dupree's pocket, the Tremors dump the three into the lake and take the uniforms for themselves.

Lazlo Soot is inside the basement of the Nomad, having killed several janitors and Israel's butler Vitoli. Soot has planned to impersonate the butler to get close to Israel, but while learning to mimic Vitoli's voice, Hugo comes to the door. Soot kills Hugo and decides to disguise himself as Hugo, rather than the butler. The news of the death of Dupree travels fast and Messner is ordered to go to the murder scene to examine the bodies while Carruthers goes to the hotel to take Israel into custody. Acosta has talked to the head of Nomad Security (Matthew Fox) who claims the penthouse level is under construction, confirming Acosta's suspicions as to where Israel is hiding. Acosta kills the head of Security and takes his uniform. Meanwhile, in one of the Nomad's hotel hallways, Sykes waits by the elevator. In the penthouse, Mecklen tells Buddy on the phone that Locke wants him to sell out everybody to the FBI. Desperate to save his own skin, he agrees. Ivy has overheard the entire conversation with Mecklen and prepares to confront Israel over it.

Hollis emerges from Lake Tahoe weak and with three fingers missing. After wandering through the woods, he finds a cabin inhabited by an ADHD-afflicted, karate chopping, erection prone boy and his grandmother, who takes Hollis in to treat his wounds. After recovering, he borrows a gun.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0475394/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY
