God of War III                                                              
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
Released: Mar 16, 2010                  Filename: gow3-jb.rxx                                                            
                                                                           
Source: PS3 Disc                        Format: Folder with game            
                                                                           
Origin: EUR                            Size packed : 39.5 GB                
                                                                           
Ripped: Nothing!                        Size extracted: 40.1 GB              
                                                                           
PAL/NTSC Selector: ---                  Languages: English + ?              
                                                                           
                                                                           
Game info:                                                                  
                                                                           
After slicing a rampaging Minotaur repeatedly with your trusty              
Blades of Exile, you finally knock the exhausted beast down, leaving        
it dazed and disoriented from your virtuosic display of hatred-fueled        
combat. As the Minotaur writhes on the ground, badly wounded but still      
not ready to succumb to death’s waiting embrace, you sprint over and        
take hold of its piercing horns. With muscle-tearing effort, you            
grapple with the monster, twisting its neck as it desperately tries          
to break free of your hold. A horrific snap echoes across the room:          
You have won the fight. His limp body falls pitifully to the ground,        
forgotten as you run off to your next conquest. God of War III              
relishes death like few other games, glorifying the downfall of              
mythical beasts, rock-solid Titans, and not-quite-immortal gods in          
grotesque and satisfying fashion. The visceral combat and overwhelming      
sense of scale that have become the hallmarks of this brutal franchise      
have been pushed further than ever before in God of War III, creating        
an experience so focused and explosively fun that it's hard to put down,    
and even harder to forget.                                                  
                                                                           
                                                                           
Notes:                                                                      
                                                                           
For use with a jailbroken PS3 and backup manager. Simply copy the extracted  
folder to your backup manager "GAMEZ" folder on your external                
device. No files larger than 4GB.