. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                        
                                              
                               
         
              
               
          
         
                  
                                              
      the aggressive dominance                 jered
                                                           
                              
                  0day-section           
                                                       
                                                                    
                                                                         
       oO                  CarteBlanche v8.8                   Oo      
                                                                         
       release date: 2010-03-07        supplier: BLZ-TEAM                
              disks: 1                 cracker:  BLZ-TEAM                
         protection: serial            os:       WinALL                  
                                                                        
                                                                       
                                                                   
                     
                      programnfo                   
                                                             
                                                                   
                                                                     
                                                                        
   CarteBlanche is an inexpensive Windows based software package for     
   beauty salons, hair salons, etc. It is very simple to use; your staff 
   will require no special training, just a basic understanding of       
   Windows.                                                              
                                                                         
   Fundamental to the program is an appointments diary for each of your  
   staff members. Simply click on an empty slot to make an appointment   
   for a client. Or click on existing appointments to modify their       
   details or read the appointment notes.                                
                                                                       
                                                                  
                                                                 
                     
                   installnfo                   
                                                             
                                                                        
   1. install CarteBlanche                                               
   2. to register use the following serial: 1018242830302824             
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                 
                    
                     group-news               
                                                         
                                                                    
  After more than 12 years of nonstop releasing we are proud to present 
  you our 11000th 0day release, thus being only the third group ever    
  to reach this barrier. From the day BLiZZARD was formed in february   
  1998 we have always been on the very top of the release rankings and  
  unlike many other groups we have almost never had any periods of      
  idleness or relaxation.                                               
  Over the years many friends joined us and we have grown to become      
  one of the biggest groups on the scene. New sections were created     
  (mp3/iso/pda) and all of them have been a great enrichment            
  for all of us, however unity and friendship have always remained,     
  even during times of upheaval and depression. All parts of BLiZZARD   
  work together with great enthusiasm and harmony. The spirit of a big  
  family has never vanished and has always given us a very unique       
  character.                                                            
  Although we have always appreciated being one of the most active      
  release groups our primary concern has never been to rule the scene   
  but to spend a very nice time of our lives along with many good       
  friends. Friendship and fun will always be our most valuable          
  principles and according to them we will act. Over the years we have  
  neither been involved in any groupflames nor have we offended other   
  scene people without reason. Unlike many other groups we do not       
  believe in silly and childish flames, we treat our competitors        
  equal, however we want to give special props to the many old-school   
  groups which are still active and have survived all the recent busts  
  and problems.                                                         
  Furthermore BLiZZARD has always offered its members a unique          
  atmosphere plus many benefits when it comes to release conditions.    
  We have shown the scene that you can be on the top without putting    
  your members under pressure, we simply believe in equality and        
  friendship. And, of course, many friendships, which go far beyond the 
  simple cracking business, have been formed. Every BLiZZARD member     
  will tell you what a great feeling and honour it is to be a part of   
  our family. It is such a great and motivating feeling to play a part  
  in it.                                                                
  For the future we have already set many targets and we will reach     
  them for sure, expect many suprises from us.                          
  BLiZZARD will never die, see you soon at the 12000th release :)       
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                    
                                                              
                                                              
                    
                   greetings                   
                                                             
                                                                      
                                                                        
  greets fly out to all groups which actively and courageously work on 
      building better release conditions and thus keep the scene up.   
                                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                     
                                                                  
                    
                       retired                    
                                                                
                                                                       
    we wish them the best in real life and thank them for all their     
    great work they have done for blizzard.. we'll never forget you!!   
    our fallen heroes: xxxxxx - xxxx - xxxxxxxxx - xxxxxxxxx - xxxx     
                        xxxxxxxxxx - XxxxxxxX - Xxxxxx                  
                                                                         
                                                                     
                                                                
                    
                      ?joinin?                 
                                                             
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                        
     We are a closed group, if we need you then we will contact you!    
                                                                        
        Software worth using is worth buying.. keep this in mind!        
                                                                        
                                             last update on: 2002.09.25 
                           .               .                           
                                                                  
                                                                 
                      this .nfo drawn                 
            by jered^blz!    
                                             
                         .                   .