The most insidious thing about the nouveau movie, which is a polite way of describing Marguerite Duras's newest, most minimal film, "Nathalie Granger," is that it traps you in its own time, unlike the nouveau roman, which can be skipped through or read at leisure in an afternoon or a year.

You can't skip through "Nathalie Granger." To see it you are forced to watch it for as long as it lasts, while, in turn, it watches its characters, rather as if the camera were a Siamese cat whose feelings had been hurt.

Without betraying the slightest interest, the camera records the physical appearance of two expressionless women who look a lot like Jeanne Moreau and Lucia Bose. They share a house with their two children, one of whom, Nathalie, is apparently a problem. "She wants to kill everyone," says one of the women, who seem to be interchangeable. "She wants to be an orphan, or a Portuguese maid."

Nathalie, however, remains docile—this being a minimal movie.

The camera paces through the house, looking into mirrors, down hallways, through windows. There is a report on the radio about a murder and a police manhunt. The telephone rings. Wrong number. "There is no telephone here, madame," Miss Moreau says into the receiver." Funny? Not really. It's too pretty and solemn. A salesman calls. He tries desperately to sell a Vedetta Tambour OO8 washing machine that comes in three colors. For a brief moment, the ghost of Pinter's wit walks over the grave of the film. Miss Bose goes into the garden, again. Miss Moreau falls asleep. A cat saunters through. The camera just stares. When a person or a cat leaves a room, Miss Duras seems to say, that room is empty. Such are the discoveries of "Nathalie Granger," a dead-end movie that, I confidently hope, few of us are ready for.

The Cast
NATHALIE GRANGER, directed by Marguerite Duras; screen play (French with English subtitles) by Miss Duras; director of photography, Ghislain Cloquet; editor, Nicole Lubtchansky; produced by Luc Moullet. Running time: 88 minutes. Shown last night at the New York Film Festival at Alice Tully Hall.
Isabelle . . . . . Lucia Bose
The Other Woman . . . . . Jeanne Moreau
Salesman . . . . . Gerard Depardieu
Teacher . . . . . Luce Garcia-Ville
Nathalie . . . . . Valerie Mascolo
Laurence . . . . . Nathalie Bourgeois

   General
      Complete name : Nathalie Granger.avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 800 MiB
      Duration : 1h 19mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 412 Kbps
      Writing application : FairUse Wizard - http://fairusewizard.com
      Writing library : The best and REALLY easy backup tool
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : AdvancedSimple@L5
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (MPEG)
      Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 1h 19mn
      Bit rate : 1 272 Kbps
      Width : 624 pixels
      Height : 368 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 1.696
      Frame rate : 29.970 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.185
      Stream size : 721 MiB (90%)
      Writing library : XviD 1.2.0.dev47 (UTC 2006-11-01)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : MPEG Audio
      Format version : Version 1
      Format profile : Layer 3
      Codec ID : 55
      Codec ID/Hint : MP3
      Duration : 1h 19mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 128 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Resolution : 16 bits
      Stream size : 72.5 MiB (9%)
      Alignment : Aligned on interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 33 ms (1.00 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 504 ms
      Writing library : LAME3.97 
      Encoding settings : -m j -V 4 -q 2 -lowpass 17 -b 128

IMDB: tt0068991

French audio: Multilanguage subpack; English, Spanish and Portuguese srt subtitles


