NEW UPDATE! 12-11-09

Folks, a major city will be attacked in a very short time. It is delayed because people know. The new information talk about something before christmas. My warning will be here but if we have succeeded stopping the attack even after late 2009 i have no more time to give. 

This man did some interviews before he was killed probably by the Elite people.
He talked about the cosmic mind, Antichrist, 2012 London olympic Game, Amazing 1111 facts to consider and what the alien starwars program really is. We have all heard about aliens eh? 

Late this year or the next years ahead will all happen. The dollar is collapsing and people buying gold and the elite will mass murdering people with the flu shot. Did you know it is ape cancer in that shot? yes, you will get killed if you take the flu shot.

And as if this isn't enough they will also starting combined disasters. Probably earth quakes and nuclear bombs and if you are clever enough you can understand the dates and times just by listen to this Rik Clay and also by looking at the Illuminati card game and its "Combined Disasters". 9/11 and Pentagon is on that cards too and they were all made in 1990. 11 years before the WTC Crash so you can bet they planned this comming disasters too!!! 
GET THE HELL OUT OF USA if we not stop this RIGHT NOW. Otherwise it will effects all contries all over the world and none will be safe! It will be food war also!

The FEMA concentration camps is planned to be open in January 2 2010. 

Look up for yourself: Wall Street, Rothschild bank, Obama take orders from 2 people what to do. All from London. Obama is an expert just in using mass hypnotism i don't believe he doesn't make anything good than just using "talk slow...talk you back in time...trick your mind... your dream will come...pacing and distraction of the dominant language hemisphere...Utilization of the dominant hempishere, language processing which occurs below the level of awareness...Accessing of the non-dominant hempisphere...STOP OBAMA STOP!!!  Illuminati will just trick and rob your all money and kill you! They don't get a shit about you and your family, friends etc. 

Be as many people as you can and throw them out. That is what myself and others will try to do. GET START NOW! 

Make history. Go out and be critical and don't listen to those kazaar jews owned media anymore otherwise they just kill you. I tell you!




