. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.

                
                             
                                   
                                   
                                   
                     
                                   
                                   
                                   
                      
            

 
              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                               Mole Control RIP                             
 ♦♦
   Release Date  :  02/03/2010                Protection  :  Serial Auth
   Release Type  :  RIP 13x5.00MB             Company     :  Blitz Game Studios
 ♦♦
   Release Notes:

   The people of Molar Creek have lived alongside the region's infamous     
   exploding moles for hundreds of years but the night before the           
   village's annual Mole Control competition and a mystery villain has      
   set the exploding moles loose within the town itself. It's now down to   
   you and local inventor Dr Kraft to find the moles and reclaim Molar      
   Creek!                                                                   
                                                                            
   Mole Control is an addictive puzzle game that brings the classic logic   
   based game play of minesweeper into the 21st century. Pilot a crazy      
   invention across a mind-bending adventure, or enjoy a frantic time       
   attack challenge, all with the comical aim to rid one town of            
   exploding moles!                                                         
                                                                            
   Uncover numbers with your buggy. Use the numbers to find and dig up      
   exploding moles but be careful not to drive over them!                  
   Play through "Adventure" Mode to save the village and unlock more        
   frantic "Time Attack" levels to win the village's annual Mole Control    
   competition                                                              
                                                                            
   Discover 5 different "supermole" power-ups across six different zones    
   Random puzzle generation for ultimate replay value in over 35 levels     
   Unlock background story and the mystery behind the runaway moles         
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 ♦♦
   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2, Install game with unl-mole.exe                                        
   3. Start game with MoleControl.exe                                       
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support good games, like this one!                           
 ♦♦

     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 ♦♦
                            " Fatima, where are you? "