Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Bad Romance" is a song by American pop singer Lady Gaga. It is the lead single from her second studio album The Fame Monster. The track was produced by RedOne and was inspired by the love monster that she had faced while touring through the previous year. After the demo version of the song leaked, Gaga premiered the song at Alexander McQueen's Spring/Summer 2010 Paris Fashion Week show on October 6, 2009, followed by the release of the cover art. Composed in a similar tempo to her previous singles, "Bad Romance" features a sing-and-tell bridge and a full-mouthed chorus. The song talks about exploring the joys of a bad romance while referencing Alfred Hitchcock films in some of the verses.

Contemporary critics compare the song to Gaga's second single "Poker Face". It has since reached the top ten of countries like United States, Australia, Ireland and United Kingdom, while reaching number-one on the Canadian Hot 100 and the Swedish charts. The accompanying music video takes place in a white bathhouse where Gaga is kidnapped by a group of supermodels who drug her and then sell her off to the Russian Mafia for sexual slavery. The video received positive response for its treatment and innovation, critics noting more its craziness and symbolic plot. Gaga has performed a snippet of "Bad Romance" on piano during her Saturday Night Live performance as well as in entirety on television show Gossip Girl and the 2009 American Music Awards.

During an interview with Rolling Stone, Gaga confirmed that movie director Francis Lawrence had directed the music video, and that she was "impressed" with herself and the outcome of the music video. She explained, "I knew [Lawrence's] ability as a director is so much higher than what I could [do]." Her creative team Haus of Gaga managed the art direction for the video. The music video premiered on November 10, 2009. Gaga further explained her experience of working with Lawrence as,

"I wanted somebody with a tremendous understanding of how to make a pop video, because my biggest challenge working with directors is that I am the director and I write the treatments and I get the fashion and I decide what it's about and it's very hard to find directors that will relinquish any sort of input from the artist. [...] But Francis and I worked together. [...] It was collaborative. He's a really pop video director and a filmmaker. He did I Am Legend and I'm a huge Will Smith fan, so I knew he could execute the video in a way that I could give him all my weirdest, most psychotic ideas, [...] But it would come across to and be relevant to the public."

Gaga created a pair of razor-blade sunglasses as she believed that it portrayed a tough female spirit. She emphasized that "I wanted to design a pair for some of the toughest chicks and some of my girlfriends [...] they used to keep razor blades in the side of their mouths, [...] That tough female spirit is something that I want to project. It's meant to be, 'This is my shield, this is my weapon, this is my inner sense of fame, this is my monster.'" The white latex suits in the video were designed off the character Max Wolf's costume for the movie "Where the Wild Things Are". She also wears Alexander McQueen's 12-inch high shoes.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

