SYNOPSIS:
The routine work of Laudelino, a shepherd in an urban park in the south of Brazil (Curitiba) for almost 20 years, where many people play sports or spend leisure time.


COMMENTS:
(by director Alexandre Rafael Garcia)

This is my first short film, done as an academic exercise under the orientation of teacher and filmmaker Maria Augusta Ramos (from movies "Desi", "Justiça" and "Juízo").
Links of her movies at the KG:

The goal was to produce a profile of a real character, following such some rules as:
. no interviews;
. no narration or voice over;
. three daily recording;
. 15 minutes length (failed).
. production crew consistes of classmates.
There was no budget.

Laudelino works in a park near my house, which I mainly go with my kid. His curious figure among the sheeps in the urban area catches the attention of everyone who is passing by. I choose it basically for the interest in the visual environment.

My influences were basically the movies of Jia Zhang-ke, Hou Hsiao-Hsien, Johan van der Keuken, Cao Guimarães and of course, Maria Augusta Ramos.
Today I think it's like Kiarostami's "Five", Raymond Depardon's "Profils paysans" and the Wang Bing movies.

There are several problems that may bother any viewer.
The sound recording was very troubled, considering our past difficulties and inexperience in handling the equipment and so the few dialogues are difficult to understand. But it doesn’t matter what the characters actually say, but the fact that they interact with each other and talk nonsense.

It is basically a film school assignment, an experimental short film, but today I really like it – considering my goals and the context in which it was produced. I'm happy with the film and satisfied with all the work we've had. It was a great learning experience.

Here is a good and accurate review (in Portuguese): link

Recorded in November 2008 and finished in May 2009.
Sony HVR-Z1, 1440x1080i, miniDV.
Edited in Final Cut Pro



So,
I hope you enjoy it.
And spread the experience.

Share as much as possible.
Thank you.

Alexandre Rafael Garcia
alexandre33@gmail.com