Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Helloween is a German power metal band founded in the mid 1980s by members of Iron Fist and Powerfool. The band is known as one of the pioneering power metal bands, being part of the German heavy/speed/power metal scene .

Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 1 is the second studio album from German power metal/heavy metal band Helloween, released in 1987. It marks the first appearance of vocalist Michael Kiske, and is considered to be one of Helloween's best albums, credited by many to be the birth of power metal. "Future World" was released as a single and a music video (omitting over 8 minutes of the song) was made for "Halloween." The band originally planned to release Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 1 and Part 2 as a double album, but their record label refused, insisting that the albums be released separately.

The album was re-released in 1993 as a double-CD with Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 2. It included the bonus tracks "Don't Run for Cover", "Living Ain't No Crime", and "Savage".

Helloween recorded and released its first record in 1985, a self-titled EP containing 5 tracks. Also that year, the band released its first full-length album, Walls of Jericho. During the following concert tour, Hansen had difficulties singing and playing the guitar at the same time. Kai's last recording as the band's lead singer was in 1986 on an EP titled Judas, which contained the song "Judas" and some live tracks. After that, Helloween began the search for a new vocalist.

The band's first choice was to recruit former Tyran' Pace vocalist Ralf Scheepers, who had sung lead for the band on the short "Judas" tour; he declined. The band then found an 18-year-old singer, Michael Kiske, from local Hamburg band Ill Prophecy. With its new lead singer in tow, Helloween approached record labels Noise International and RCA and proposed the release of a double-LP to introduce the new line-up. It was turned down. Instead, it recorded Keeper of the Seven Keys Part I, which was released in 1987. In 1988, Helloween released Keeper of the Seven Keys Part II, the companion album. MTV put the single "I Want Out" into heavy rotation and in support of its "Headbanger's Ball" show, it presented the inaugural Headbanger's Ball Tour with Helloween joining Bay Area thrash-metal band Exodus in support of headlining act Anthrax. The band was slotted in the more prestigious second spot, right before Anthrax's set. On the heels of this exposure to US audiences, the band achieved worldwide success.

Guitarist Kai Hansen unexpectedly left the band soon after the European leg of the Keeper of the Seven Keys Part II tour due to conflicts within the band, troubles with Noise International, and a growing dissatisfaction with life on tour. He was soon replaced by former Rampage guitarist Roland Grapow, who finished the rest of the tour with the band.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

