The complete first season of Closer To Truth, 14 episodes:

101 - What Are the Grand Questions of Science?
102 - Will the Internet Change Humanity?
103 - What's Creativity and Who's Creative?
104 - New Communities for the New Millennium?
105 - When and How Did This Universe Begin?
106 - Can We See the Near Future?
107 - What is Consciousness?
108 - Can You Really Extend Your Life?
109 - Can ESP Affect Your Life?
110 - Whatever Happened to Ethics & Civility?
111 - How Does Technology Transform Thinking?
112 - Strange Physics of the Mind?
113 - Can Science Seek the Soul?
114 - Does Sex Have A Future?


Closer To Truth is the definitive series on Cosmos, Consciousness and God, a global journey in search of the vital ideas of existence. It is the most complete, compelling, and accessible series on Cosmos, Consciousness and God ever produced for television.

Closer To Truth explores fundamental issues of universe, brain/mind, religion, meaning and purpose through intimate, candid conversations with leading scientists, philosophers, scholars, theologians and creative thinkers of all kinds. The shows are a rich visual experience, shot entirely on location in high definition with multiple cameras generating rich production values. The visual lushness of the high definition, on-location productions, combined with the intriguing titles of the shows, builds audiences already interested in mankind's greatest questions.

Public fascination with questions of Cosmos, Consciousness and particularly of God has grown substantially in recent years. Public debate has been intense, often heated. Closer To Truth presents to mass audiences these leading-edge ideas in an approachable, rational and balanced manner, and introduces the human personalities behind these ideas.

Closer To Truth is hosted and executive produced by Dr. Robert Lawrence Kuhn.

Closer To Truth is Robert's life journey to grasp Cosmos, Consciousness, and God, visiting those who think deeply about existence, meaning and purpose.

As Robert says, "I do not promise that you will find Ultimate Truth. I do promise that you will be exhilarated... getting Closer To Truth".

 
http://www.closertotruth.com/


-------------------------------------------------

Version history:

1.0 (2009-08-31):
  - [First public release].
