  


                     PART  269 


               HIM  -  Wicked Game  (1998)
               HIM  -  Pretending  (2001)
               HIM  -  Buried Alive By Love (2003)
               HIM  -  Wings of a Butterfly  (2005)




         "Wicked Game" is a 1989 song by Chris Isaak.The Finnish band HIM remade this song, first using it in their demo "This is Only the Beginning", then in their EP "666 Ways To Love: Prologue", then another recording on their first album "Greatest Love Songs Vol. 666", and lastly on the British and American versions of their second album "Razorblade Romance". The last recording they made of it then reappeared on their compilation album "And Love Said No - The Greatest Hits 1997-2004". With "Wicked Game" on their EP and first album, HIM gained fame in their native Finland. 
       "Pretending" is a song by  HIM, released in 2001 as the fifth track from their album "Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights".In 2006, "Pretending" (acoustic version) was released as a double-single along with "In Joy and Sorrow" (string version) on the album "Uneasy Listening Vol. 1". "In Joy and Sorrow" (string version) is the fifth track on Uneasy Listening Vol. 1 while "Pretending" (acoustic version) was an exclusive sixteenth track only available by buying the album from Best Buy. "In Joy and Sorrow"/"Pretending" reached #1 in Finland.
        "Buried Alive By Love" is a song by HIM, released in 2003. It is the first track and second single from the album "Love Metal". The music video was directed by Bam Margera. Margera has also directed music videos for 3 other songs including, "The Sacrament", "Solitary Man" and "And Love Said No". The music video features actress and singer Juliette Lewis.  
       "Wings of a Butterfly", also released as "Rip Out the Wings of a Butterfly", is a song by HIM. It is the second track on the 2005 album "Dark Light" and was released as the album's first single that year. The song reached #1 on the Finnish charts, #10 in Germany and the UK, and #87 in the U.S., making it the biggest single from "Dark Light". The music video, filmed at Union Station in Los Angeles, was #1 on the Rock Countdown on MTV2 in late 2005 for five weeks until it retired.
                 