Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


It Should've Been You is the title of a number-one R&B single by Teddy Pendergrass. The hit song spent one week at number-one on the US R&B chart and would be the last of three singles to reach the top spot on the chart.

Theodore DeReese "Teddy" Pendergrass (March 26, 1950 – January 13, 2010) was an American R&B/soul singer and songwriter. Pendergrass first rose to fame as lead singer of Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes in the 1970s before a successful solo career at the end of the decade. In 1982, he was severely injured in an auto accident in Philadelphia, resulting in his being paralyzed from the waist down. After his injury, the affable entertainer founded the Teddy Pendergrass Alliance, a foundation that helps those with spinal cord injuries.

Born Theodore DeReese Pendergrass in Kingstree, South Carolina, he was the son of Jesse Pendergrass and Ida Geraldine Epps. During Teddy's early childhood, his father left the Pendergrass family and was not an integral part of their lives. In 1962, Jesse was murdered, leaving Theodore fatherless. Years later, the Pendergrass family moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania where Teddy attended Thomas Edison High School for Boys (now closed). He sang with the Edison Mastersingers. Subsequently, he dropped out in the 11th grade to enter the music business. According to author Robert Ewell Greene, Pendergrass was ordained a minister as a youngster. Later he was to become a drummer for a band, and later lead singer. The church was his initiation for talent and eventual success.

In his later years, Pendergrass' “Wake Up Everybody” has been covered by a diverse range of acts from Simply Red to Patti LaBelle and was chosen as a rallying cry during the 2004 Presidential campaign by Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds to mobilize voters. In addition, Little Brother, Kanye West, Cam’Ron, Twista, Ghostface, 9th Wonder, DMX and DJ Green Lantern have utilized his works.

In 2006, Pendergrass announced his retirement from the music business. In 2007, he briefly returned to performing to participate in Teddy 25: A Celebration of Life, Hope & Possibilities, a 25th anniversary awards ceremony that marked Pendergrass' accident date, but also raised money for his charity, The Teddy Pendergrass Alliance, and honored those who helped Pendergrass since his accident.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

