From: http://www.hippomothamus.co.uk/2010/02/valentines-day-mix-and-facebook.html

Attention ladies and gentleman I am your saviour.

As you may or may not know next Sunday is valentines day and I’ve created something a little special. One of the things I’ve always hoped to do with my music is show that not all hip-hop/rap is naughty words and violent situations. I decided I would put together a little mix CD with a collection of rap tracks (and some other samples) that show the softer side, specifically the appreciation of the fairer sex. To be honest I could of just of thrown together a bunch of tracks by LL Cool J and Common but I decided to dig a little deeper into my collection (although, there is two LL songs…) (coincidently as I write this I’m also watching a 30 Rock episode which stars Mr Smith)

So for guys I’ve created a CD, injected with my patented charm, which you can give to your special lady to show much you appreciate them. For single girls I’ve created a CD which, when listened to, will hopefully refill your confidence in us and make you feel like the princesses you are. We’re not all bastards, honest.

As well as the CD you can also download the “case” for it. Essentially it’s a design that fills a piece of paper that will keep your CD safe and looking good. Its based on this guide (which you will want to use). There is 4 different versions. Two have a background, two don’t (to save ink). One of each has the guide lines for folding correctly.

If you’d like to support this please feel free to throw a little money towards the British Heart Foundation. Everyone needs a heart.

I’ll also take this opportunity to mention that I’ve set up a facebook fan page. Feel free to join.

Thanks, and happy love day.

Tracklist:

Drake - Best I Ever Had
Wale - Pretty Girls Ft. Gucci Mane And Weensey
Kano - Boys Love Girls
LL Cool J - Luv U Better
Teriyaki Boyz - Sweet Girl (feat. Dondria)
LL Cool J - Hush (feat. Aurelius)
Snoop Dogg - Beautiful (feat. Pharrell & Charlie Wilson)
Pharrell - Frontin' (feat. Jay-Z)
Outro