movie review posted at moviesbyrizzo.info :

Rope is an important movie especially for those in France in particular. Since
the French have the most profound reputation in the qualities of sensitive and
warm engagement, it is, even here, a look at cold personalities that lurk
underneath those that have a false claim to being superior in that they
consider themselves intellectually inclined instead. Those that lack human
feeling, and think they have the gift of articulation when in fact they are
bantering with what is clearly inane use of language lacking in all validity
from a moral or logical perspective in true fact. The movie provides a closer
look at the pseudo intellectual, a geekish personality of sorts whose thoughts
are fixated on psychotic needs and desires and who demonstrates that he is
altogether inane in his sense of virtue and rationality in fact. Style can
never substitute for substance.

Someone that so much lacks not only normal human emotion but instead harbors
the degree of psychosis that would lead to murder, is not someone that should
consider that he is in fact somewhat brilliant at being "superior civilized" as
in fact our character in this movie appears to think of himself.

In the end, it is what people say, and do, and indeed, mostly how they feel on
vital basic issues that matter more than the pretense of a charlatan in the
style of a sophist from Socratic era language playing at the game of
"rationally superior". Those that live by the sword shall die by the sword is
the old adage and in this respect such personalities as in this movie are in
fact an irrational, unsustainable phenomenon and will certainly only give way
to a Hobbesian reality in time if allowed to persist and prevail in our midst,
certainly. If someone appears intelligent to you, perhaps you are being fooled
by his manner rather than by what he really is. Watch and listen closely, then
stay "en guarde"!

Michael Rizzo Chessman

Optional subtitles: German and French embedded while external SRTs
included for Dutch, Portuguese, English, Romanian, Spanish, Italian
and Swedish.