Urban Sickness Audio: USAD0902

Artist: RareForm

Title: Trials & Tribulations E.P.

With DJ support from: Simon Bass line Smith / Randall / Soul Intent / Mutated Forms / Tony Future Prophecies / Heist

Radio airplay from Zane Lowe (BBC Radio 1), Grooverider (BBC Radio 1) and Nerm (BBC Asian Network)


RareForm teams up with heavyweight producers, Altered Conduct, Q-Project and Slumdogz to deliver a solid six track E.P. of Drum & Bass killers. 


Lonely Games

An onslaught of frenetic percussion rolls out side by side with beautiful sweeping, strings and vocals one shots in this High Contrast inspired roller.

Neuro Funk bass lines and twisting Hoovers weave in and out of the drop giving this track an interesting balance of Liquid and upfront Drum & Bass styles.


Reconstruct the Future

Electric guitars and futuristic synth tones set the scene in this perfect blend of Abstract and Dance Floor Drum & Bass madness.

Old School stabs and Jump Up bass lines create a sense of panic and urgency as the track ferociously switches between two different grooves to cause maximum dance floor chaos.


Android Origin

RareForm sets the scene with Blade Runner inspired strings & sweeps alongside layers of crunching beats & breaks.

The track continues to weave in and out of the darkness whilst maintaining a balance of musical elements and dance floor madness.


Lonely Games (Altered Conduct Remix)

Altered Conduct puts his own spin on the track adding a chilled out hypnotic vibe with layers of Rhodes keys and sweeping effects.

A deep and heavy sub bass drives through the track, dancing between the melodies and atmospherics over layers of thrashing drums.


Reconstruct the Future (Slumdogz Remix)

Swan-e & Dr P AKA Slumdogz throw the elements into their sonic melting pot to create a panic stricken Drum & Bass masterpiece.

The track rolls out with a split personality switching between bursts of snare driven Amen patterns before dropping into two step Hot Pants beats with a deadly array of upfront bass lines and synths keys.


Android Origin (Q-Project Remix)

Taking a darker route with the track, Q-Project elaborates on the cinematic theme and lays down a floor smashing alternative vision.

A sense of panic and confusion is created by the sonic onslaught of cinematic samples and effects alongside gut wrenching bass lines and continuously evolving layers of percussion.