Hi Everyone

This is a very great TV show called " Beauties Of Islam " about
Islam and I have uploaded all its ( 34 ) episodes .



--------------------


Episodes List :

First episode - Faith & its proof

Second episode - Love & Islam

Third episode - Rights & the balance that goes with them

Fourth episode - Rights & limits

Fifth episode - Equalities of men & women

Sixth episode - Equaty vs Equality

Seventh episode - The belief of Muslim about Allah

Eighth episode - The belief system in Islam

Ninth episode - The creation of Adam & the story of the devil

Tenth episode - The relationship between human beings & Almighty God

Eleventh episode - The relationship between human beings & his environment

Twelfth episode - The relationship to the prophet Muhammad ( Peace and Blessings of Allah be upon him ) (1)

Thirteenth episode - The relationship to the prophet Muhammad
( Peace and Blessings of Allah be upon him ) (2)

Fourteenth episode - The relationship to the prophet Muhammad
( Peace and Blessings of Allah be upon him ) (3)

Fifteenth episode - The relationship to the prophet Muhammad
( Peace and Blessings of Allah be upon him ) (4)

Sixteenth episode - Going beyond the Human Rational (1)

Seventeenth episode - Going beyond the Human Rational (2)

Eighteenth episode - Going beyond the Human Rational (3)

Nineteenth episode - Why we are here, What is the purpose behind everything?

Twentieth episode - Predestination

Twenty first episode - The only accepted way to Allah is ISLAM

Twenty second episode - Unaccepted way to Allah is to associate partners with Allah in worship 'Sherk'

Twenty third episode - What is the status of Jesus ( Peace and Blessings of Allah be upon him) ?

Twenty fourth episode - Our belief versus the Christians belief in Jesus ( Peace and Blessings of Allah be upon him )

Twenty fifth episode - The way to Allah (cont.)

Twenty sixth episode Who is Allah?

Twenty seventh episode - Who is Allah? (cont.)

Twenty eighth episode - Who is Allah? (cont.)

Twenty ninth episode - The concept of "Worship"

Thirtieth episode - Understanding Islam

Thirty first episode - Preservation of Islamic Resources

Thirty second episode - Preservation of Islamic Resources (cont.)

Thirty third episode - Preservation of Islamic Resources (cont.)

Thirty fourth episode - Preservation of Historical Universities & Great Centers of Learning

--------------------

I am quite sure that you'll all ( even those who hate Islam )
find this TV program very interesting especially because it's
presented by the American Shykh Yusuf Estes .
He has a very amusing and exciting style


Download , Watch , And Enjoy
Regards
Mr.Najem