POTHS   Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels 


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.



POTHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POTHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POTHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POTHS Everywhere -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POTHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POTHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POTHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POTHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POTHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POTHS -- Pouring Out Terrible Health & Sickness -- 

Thank you for the POTHS suggestions. Type POTHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at 

POTHS - Earth Report - The Hidden Knowledge - Is he Angel or Alien?

I suggest you read Earth Report before any other documents or video's.

I have been sitting on this information for over 5 years now. The information being released here is mind opening. I did not know what to make of these guys until yesterday. I was going through the files that I have and there it was staring me write in the FACE. The Bohemian Grove LOGO is right there. Because we have learned about the Grove through guys like Alex Jones and others I decided to release these files with a discloser statement.

These files probably contain disinformation BUT maybe not. The information that is released here I would have to say is EYE OPENING to say the least. Some of it makes perfect sense and you will feel "Enlightened" after discovering something in his text that makes your heart beat fast. Other times you will read a statement and "Red Flags" go up everywhere. So go figure.

YOU NEED TO SEPARATE FACT FROM FICTION. Most everything here is truth but the truth is laced with a few lies. That is Satan's way. The inner workings of the Creator, Jesus and The Holy Spirit are talked about to great extent here and some explanations make perfect sense. Others not so much. Much a this information is not found in the Bible. There are A few Bible Quotes but not many. If you pray to get the truth from these files, you will. 

Some of these writings are 50 years old and seem like they were written for todays events. There is an intelligence lurking here that is not Standard Planet Earth Knowledge. There are probably a lot of things said here that the Illuminati would like to keep quiet here. These files also include training classes on Spiritual Self Defense. Remember the source of these documents is a member of A Secret Elite Homosexual Society (that has many US Presidents as members) who may or may not have your best interests at heart. CAUTION PLEASE Would you all leave comments on what you think of these files.

I am using 2 SEED BOXES that uploads at rates up to 2mb/s per leecher. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address perf029c.xirvik.net. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download bandwidth. This server has 40 times the bandwidth of my Comcast.

The Worlds Governments run by The Banksters that are empowered by Lucifer are The True Terrorists

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
 
http://www.projectcamelot.org 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
 
Seed long and Prosper.  

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.