Visita:   TorrentSpain


 09/2009 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom/Serial
             1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Racing
 
                  Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
 ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                   ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß


 Feel what it’s really like to race high-end performance cars as Need for
 Speed SHIFT thrusts you into the heart of the action for the true driver’s
 experience. Immersive and exciting features such as a stunningly realistic
 first-person cockpit view and an all-new crash mechanic deliver an unrivaled
 sensation of the speed and exhilaration of racing a car on the extreme edge
 of control. Plus, an ultra-realistic physics engine lets you feel every bump
 as you race around some of the world’s top tracks. Whether you’re battling
 online or playing through your career, build your unique driver profile from
 moment to moment and from race to race and get rewarded for driving the way
 you want to drive.

 Features
 * The True Driver’s Experience—An unrivalled in-car experience and new
   physics engine deliver the severe G-forces, bumps, and impact of being
   behind the wheel of an elite race car.
 * Driver Profile—What kind of driver are you? Your unique driver profile
   tracks your evolution as a race driver from event to event based on your
   driving skill and style. Will you be respected or feared?
 * Dynamic Crash Effects—Feel your car take damage as you hit a static object
   or opponent’s car. A combination of visual and audio effects will leave you
   disorientated and briefly disrupt the race.
 * Customize Your Car—Tailor almost every aspect of your car with the
   comprehensive customization system. Go under the hood to increase the car’s
   performance then personalize its look inside and out to reflect your
   individual style.
 * Take the Race Online—Your driver profile continues to build online and
   helps match you against the most suitable rivals for your ability.
   Keep building your skills and work your way toward challenging the best
   drivers in the world.

            ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
 ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
            ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß

 

 1. Unrar.
 2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the game.
 4. Copy over the cracked content.
 5. Play the game.
 6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

Visita:   TorrentSpain
