I'll admit I was excited at first to see this movie. I had just finished the book a couple days ago and was psyched to see such an incredible book brought to the theater. The book was amazing: funny, romantic, sad, cheerful, pretty much everything you could want in a book. Well, everything that made the book great was taken out in this appallingly horrible movie. It felt torturous to watch what with Miley Cyrus absolutely slaughtering the character of Ronnie. After finishing the book, I realized I couldn't see her as the character, but I figured she couldn't be too horrible. Oh how wrong I was.

I didn't believe Miley Cyrus for a second during the real pivotal scenes in the movie. Her tears/crying scenes were laughable. Her attitude problem phase was obnoxious. The only relationship I believed was the one between her and the guy and that's because they're dating off screen. Oh how difficult it must be to act like you're in love with you're real life boyfriend. I wouldn't even call her performance mediocre.

And then comes the fact that this movie didn't even somewhat resemble the book. They took out the best scenes. They changed nearly EVERYTHING. They cut the preacher and the important back-story of her father. They didn't introduce the slightly similar sub plot with Scott very well at ALL. It was hinted at throughout the book, but in the movie it was sudden and not very well done at all. Actually, the majority of the scenes were done opposite of how they were done in the book, making them really bad.

Scott was more important in the book. Marcus was WAY more important in the book and he was one of those characters that was really kind of creepy. He was supposed to be a sociopath in the book, but in the movie he was just an annoying jerk. 

They completely changed Ronnie's reasoning,the reason Will fell for Ronnie, and many more things. In the book they really showed how Ronnie was different than other girls. In this movie,Miley Cyrus made Ronnie seem like every other girl but with an attitudeproblem. Miley played her as such a clingy, needy girl instead of the independent, self-assured, and intelligent girl she was.

Then again, they changed more than they kept. If you want to know the GOOD story of The Last Song, do yourself a favor and buy the book. This movie wasn't worth the time and money.

Release Date: 31 March 2010 (USA)
