The Beatles

Mad Day Out: The Evolution Of "Revolution"

1. Revolution (Kinfauns Demo)
2. Revolution 1 (slow version) Take 20 RM2 Unedited long 
track with unused overdubs (originally on "Revolution 
Take...Your Knickers Off") speed corrected
3. Revolution 2 (fast version) rough mix without organ 
overdub
4. Revolution 2 (fast version) alt. mix w/live vocals 
made for promotional film
5. Revolution 9 (alt. mix w/unused vocals) 
6. Happiness Is A Warm Gun (alternate stereo mix w/ 
unused organ overdub)
7. I'm So Tired (early basic mono mix)
8. I'm So Tired (alternate stereo mix w/ unused guitar overdub)
9. Step Inside Love/Los Paranoias/The Way You Look 
Tonight/Can You Take Me Back? (Paul, John & Ringo studio outtake)
10. Step Inside Love (Paul Home Demo)

Just got this from My Man In Amsterdam last week. Much previously heard material here. Most of it already available on Purple Chick's "White Album Deluxe." Of interest primarily because of Track 2-- this is the first time that this cut has seen release at the proper speed-- the original release was 5% slow. Track 9 *might* be a bit longer than previous releases of this track, Track 10 has such poor sound I wouldn't want to guess if it's been heard before, or in better condition, it's very hard to tell.

This disc *is* interesting, in that it tracks the evolution of the song "Revolution" through its various incarnations, the slow (LP) and fast (45 rpm) versions of the song, the much-discussed 2nd Remix of Revolution 
Take 20, and an alternate unused mix of Revolution 9 with unused overdubs, and allows the listener a chance to compare them side-by-side. And it settles a point of controversy: You can hear a bit more of the Take 20 RM2 
overdubs on the Revolution 9 track here than you can on the released versions (Mono & Stereo), pretty much cementing the authenticity of RM2 as a genuine track, instead of an "outfake" as a few well-respected critics claimed after its initial release. 

Cheers,

Walter Five
13th Floor Elevator
Enron Hubbard Bldg.
Houston, Texxas
