Concha Buika featuring Chucho Valdes - El Ultimo Trago (The Last Drink)
2009

Recorded live in Havana with Chucho Valdes band.

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Having featured her songs in several of his film soundtracks, Spanish director Pedro Almodуvar dreamed up the idea of a tribute concert to celebrate the 90th birthday of legendary singer Chavela Vargas. The concert took place in Havana in April 2009 performed by another of Almodуvar's favourites, Mallorcan flamenco singer Concha Buika with Cuban piano maestro Chucho Valdйs. The live show was an absolute triumph and was immediately followed by a recording session resulting in El Ultimo Trago. Buika and Valdйs pay homage to Chavela Vargas by pouring genuine emotion into their interpretations of her Mexican rancheras and boleros, tinged with flamenco, jazz and rumba.
-- mondomix.com

Seeing Buika draw from such different genres as copla, tango, buleria, bolero, Cuban music and jazz, mix them altogether with such grace and spontaneity, one cannot help but think that there is a brighter future as long as one can witness the boundless evolution of this infinite performer.
-- Pedro Almodovar (CD liner notes)

Concha Buika, the supremely soulful singer best known, perhaps, as the first lady of Afro-Flamenco jazz interpretation, here joins with Cuban master pianist and patriarch of Afro-Cuban jazz, Chucho Valdes. Filmaker Pedro Almodovar writes in the liners "...Her voice reminds us of La Lupe's frenzy with sometimes a hint of Olga Guillot..." Backed by Chucho and his band (with bassist Lazaro Rivero Alarcon, percussionist Yaroldy Abreu Robles, trumpeter Carlos Sarguy and others) there is a definite Afro-Cuban feel, and the singer "brings the flavors of copla, tango, bulerнa, bolero, Cuban music and jazz, mix(es) them together with such grace and spontaneity..." In short, this is a gem of a project with dimensions that unfold with each track. Highly Recommended.
-- descarga.com

Mr. Valdes plays clean, powerful piano... he dictates the harmonic atmosphere of the tune and plays florid but compact solos. Ms. Buika, for her part, is stunning on a line-by-line level.
-- NYTimes

Tracks
01- Soledad
02- Sombras
03- Las cuidades
04- De olvido
05- El andariego
06- En el ultimo trago
07- Se me hizo facil
08- Un mundo raro
09- Las simples cosas
10- Somos
11- Luz de luna
12- Vamonos

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org

You too can search for evidence the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the Lord and Master of the Universe  
http://setiathome.berkeley.edu