They've come from outer space ... to play 80s New Wave 
music! A wonderfully bizarre treat for fans of bad movies. 
Movies don't get much more 80s than this.

Watch in delight as Devo wannabes from outer space (Rhema) 
do battle with rockabilly greaser Stray Cats wannabes 
(Jimmy and the Mustangs), all for the love of the awful 
Pia Zadora. And Jermaine Jackson shows up wanting to be 
Michael Jackson.

Peter Cullen (Optimus Prime from Transformers) plays a 
robot who becomes a fire hydrant. Ruth Gordon (Harold and 
Maude) plays the violent, rather insane sheriff.

Michael Berryman (The Hills Have Eyes) plays the chainsaw 
killer who escapes from an asylum, straight into the heart 
of bobby-socks-wearing mechanic Allison LaPlaca!

Also there's a sea monster.

While Pia falls for a spaceman and generally annoys us 
all, her abusive asshole boyfriend (Craig Sheffer) climbs 
around on rocks, posing and pretending to be a cougar-man. 
Pia eventually goes back to him, even though he's an 
asshole, making this the most true-to-life ending of any 
Hollywood film ever. Women love attractive jerks. That's
the way it is.

Directed by James Fargo ("Any Which Way But Loose") with 
cinematography by Gil Taylor ("Star Wars," "Flash Gordon").

Filmed in November and December 1983, the movie was 
intended for release in 1984, but sadly no one appreciated 
its genius at the time.

German DVD from Cinemageddon.

Soundtrack compiled by Vinnie Rattolle.

More info at Vinnie Rattolle's Blogspot.


"James Fargo the Director of Every Which Way But Loose 
brings you a fun filled spoof of everything from music 
videos to science fiction of the fifties.

Spectacular special effects combine with great dance music 
and outrageous humour to form a hilarious out of this 
world science fiction rock and roll adventure. Craif 
Sheffer plays Frankie, the leader of Speelburghs local 
High School rock and roll band called the Pack and meets 
and falls in love with Dee Dee a young singer. The couple 
are in for an exciting time when a guitar-shaped space 
ship streaks through the skies and lands in their town! 
What emerges from the weird craft? Rock Aliens of course! 
But these aliens haven't come to rock and roll. They've 
come to destroy!

Will Dee Dee and Frankie save the world from death and 
destruction? Will Frankie have some close encounters? Will 
the guitar ship leave the world alone? We won't tell you! 
You'll just have to take our word that this is THE fun 
flick to see!"