Sonny Stitt - Stitt Plays Bird 
Original: 1963
Audio CD: October 25, 1990 
Label: Atlantic / Wea 
Quality: mp3 cbr 320 kbps

Since the other review of "Stitt Plays Bird" provides no pertinent information as to the contents of this fine album, I thought I would be of assistance. This album, along with "Sonny Side Up," "Salt and Pepper" and the recently deleted "With The Oscar Peterson Trio," are Sonny Stitt's finest recordings. "Plays Bird" finds Stitt playing with the stellar band of Jim Hall on guitar, John Lewis on piano, Richard Davis on bass, and Connie Kay on drums. While all these musicians are in top form, it is Hall's interplay with Stitt that truly distinguishes this CD. The album's best Parker renditions are "Confirmation," "Scrapple From The Apple" and "Ornithology." Additonally, the disc features two bonus selections, "Now's The Time" and "Yardbird Suite," not included on the original record. One last thing, when you go buy this make sure you don't mistake it with "Coltrane's Sound" as they have remarkably similar cover paintings by artist Marvin Israel. ~ Michael B. Richman

Frankly, for an artist who was considered derivative of Bird, this was a bold statement. Sonny's work on "Stitt Plays Bird" is every bit as virtuosic as Charlie Parker himself. The playing on Constellation (my favorite track) is outrageously fast and inventive--so fast and furious that there are times when the tone splits and goes off into oblivion, but the listener doesn't care because Sonny has already started a new line. This may be the most energizing CD of all time. Every chart on this album, including the previously unreleased charts, are strong. So strong in fact, that it caused me to lament the fact that I did not take Stitt seriously enough when he was alive. He was every bit as talented as Adderly or Parker. This album should be one of a treasury of Sonny Stitt CDs in your library. ~ Sparky

Personnel:
Sonny Stitt (alto saxophone)
John Lewis (piano)
Jim Hall (guitar)
Richard Davis (bass)
Connie Kay (drums)

Sonny Stitt - Stitt Plays Bird Tracks:
01  Now's the Time 
02  My Little Suede Shoes 
03  Parker's Mood 
04  Constellation 
05  Au Privave 
06  Hootie Blues 
07  Confirmation 
08  Ko-Ko 
09  Yardbird Suite 
10  Scrapple from the Apple 
11  Ornithology