Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) is a lazy, dimwitted and immature 23-year-old Canadian and claimed illegal immigrant from Vancouver, BC. He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a Mr. Skin-like website with his roommates in between smoking marijuana or goofing off with them at fun parks such as Knott's Berry Farm (shown at opening scene) and other activities. Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) is a career-minded woman who has just been given an on-air role with E! Entertainment Television, and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie's (Leslie Mann) family. While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local night club. After a night of drinking, they end up having sex. Due to a misunderstanding, they do not use protection: Alison uses the phrase "just do it already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on faster, which he misinterprets as "forget the condom". The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways which leaves Ben visibly defeated when she walks away.

Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness at work, and, several home pregnancy tests later, discovers she is pregnant. She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him the news. Although taken aback, Ben says he will be there to support Alison having the baby. While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father (Harold Ramis) is overjoyed and tells him that he was the best thing that ever happened to him. Alison's mother (Joanna Kerns) tries to convince her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. Later, Alison and Ben decide to give their relationship a chance. The odd couple's efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with a ring box without a ring, promising to get her one someday. Alison thinks it is too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her boss, who asked her when she first got the on-air job to be "firm" and "tight" for the cameras.

After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship. Alison is increasingly anxious over Ben's lack of responsibility and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. These thoughts race through her mind due to her sister's unhappy marriage. Debbie's husband, Pete (Paul Rudd), works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, which he explains that he needs to have some time free from Debbie's controlling manner (she had previously encouraged Alison to berate Ben until he remakes himself in her mold, calling it "training"). Similarly, Ben feels that Alison is overly controlling. As a result of Pete's confession to his wife, they decide to split up because Pete feels he cannot connect with Debbie and vice-versa. Alison is further convinced Ben will not be supportive after seeing he has not read books on child birth he had bought and promised to read earlier. While driving to the doctor's office, they erupt into a furious argument, resulting in Ben getting kicked out of the car and walking the remaining three miles. Upon finally arriving, another argument occurs with Ben blaming Alison's hormones for making her this way, and in response, she tells him that it would be better if they stopped seeing each other.

After the breakup, Ben decides to go with Pete on a road trip to Las Vegas. Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to return and take responsibility. Simultaneously, Debbie drags a depressed Alison out partying with her, eventually attempting to gain admission to the night club at which Alison and Ben met. The club's bouncer won't let them in, since Alison is pregnant and Debbie is old, neither trait desired by the club's management. After a confrontation with the apologetic bouncer, Debbie cries and confesses to Alison that her prospects in life are diminishing while Pete's are growing, and that she wants Pete back. Eventually, Pete and Debbie reconcile at their daughter's birthday party.

When Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she is still reluctant to get back together with him, since she feels they are different and have little in common, only influencing Alison's decision is when Pete confesses about he and Ben taking mushrooms in Las Vegas. When he hears of this from Alison, Ben shouts at Pete in anger. At the same time, her boss finds out about her pregnancy, but this has increased ratings among female viewers. After an unsuccessful talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends' house, getting a real job as a web designer and an apartment with a baby's room. Additionally, Ben starts reading the books about pregnancy that he had purchased early on, during their relationship.

Subsequently, Alison goes into labor and is not able to contact her doctor, forcing her to recontact Ben due to Debbie and Pete's out-of-town trip. Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing (Loudon Wainwright) was out of town at a bar mitzvah in San Francisco, despite having assured them, upon their selection of him months prior, that he never took vacations. This discovery leads to an enraged Ben leaving a homicidal voice mail message for the doctor.

During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben's commitment and admits that she never thought the man who got her pregnant would be the right one for her. A while later, Debbie and Pete arrive, but Ben, still angry over Debbie's influence on Alison, makes them wait outside, as he wishes to take care of Alison alone. When Debbie protests, Ben threatens her saying he will tell security there's a woman in a pink dress kidnapping babies, which finally convinces Debbie that Ben is the right guy for Alison. The couple welcomes the birth of a baby girl (a boy in the alternate ending) and settle down happily together in a new apartment in L.A.