This is the PC version of Grand theft auto 4 with all the things.


It also include fix for SP 2 and SP 3 users also.


Release Notes:-

1. Download the torrent.

2. Extract the files by Winrar.

3. Install the game via setup

4. Copy the Crack to the installation folder and paste it.

5. Play and Have fun!


System Requirements

o OS: Windows Vista - Service Pack 1 / Windows XP - Service Pack 3
o Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 1.8GHz, AMD Athlon X2 64 2.4GHz
o Memory: 1.5GB XP / 1.5GB Vista
o Graphics: 256MB Nvidia 7900 / 256MB ATI X1900
o DirectX Version: DirectX 9.0c Compliant Card
o Hard Drive: 16GB of Hard Disc Space
o Sound Card: 5.1 Channel Audio Card

o Other Requirements: Initial activation requires internet connection; Online play requires log-in to Games For Windows - Live and Rockstar Games Social Club (13+ to register); software installations required including Adobe Flash, DirectX, Microsoft’s .NET Framework 3.0, Games For Windows - LIVE, and Internet Explorer.


About the Game:

What does the American dream mean today?

For Niko Bellic fresh off the boat from Europe, it is the hope he can escape from his past. For his cousin, Roman, it is the vision that together they can find fortune in Liberty City, gateway to the land of opportunity. As they slip into debt and get dragged into a criminal underworld by a series of shysters, thieves and sociopaths, they discover that the reality is very different from the dream in a city that worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them and a living nightmare for those who don't.

    * New high resolution technology brings Liberty City to life with even more stunning graphical detail.

    * Expanded multiplayer will require even more strategy and skill to come out on top.

    * Custom Match allows you to pick your favorite multiplayer options and then instantly find online matches that fit.

    * Record gameplay clips and edit them together with a variety of options using the Video Editor and upload via the Rockstar Social Club.

    * Optimized for PC controls and Xbox 360 controller.



Thanks and ENJOY!



