Debaser came together as a group formed within the powerhouse crew known as the Sandpeople. This collective of nine emcees have been making waves with a relentless approach to their work and standard of quality. When the crew started subdividing into smaller groups to further their reach, it was inevitable that Ethic & Sapient would join forces and begin working on music together. Both artists grew up in close proximity to one another as family friends, but for some reason stalled their eventual collaboration. The first song featuring these two emcees appeared on Sapient’s solo album “Dry Puddles”, which he released independently in 2004. Soon after that, their involvement with the Sandpeople would spark the idea for the group. 

While the recorded professionalism of Ethic & Sapient can be heard from start to finish on Debaser’s debut album “Crown Control”, their dynamic is truly experienced during a live show. Through years of extensive solo work prior to the formation of the group, both emcees developed an individually energetic and crowd moving stage performance. The two combine in complementary fashion with a chemistry that many groups spend several years striving to attain. In their short history as a group, Debaser has already shared the stage with such greats as: KRS-One, Living Legends, Blackalicious, Souls of Mischief, Zion I, Eyedea & Abilities, Capadonna, Killah Priest, People Under the Stairs, J-Live, and many more. 


01 - dbsr
02 - crown control
03 - look what
04 - longlive feat. Illmaculate
05 - no luck
06 - rapper advancement
07 - how it's made feat. Opio of Souls of Mischief
08 - on purpose
09 - less human
10 - dead lines
11 - nothing but silence feat. Grayskul
12 - left behind
13 - skit feat. Simple of The Sandpeople
14 - stem feat. The Sandpeople and Step Cousins
15 - we still work you
16 - silver love
17 - sugar and spice a song about girls
18 - trains of thought feat. Illmaculate and Luckyiampsc of Living Legends
19 - plaice feat. Sleep of Oldominion
20 - thomas