File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Today" is a song recorded by country music artist Gary Allan. It is the lead-off single to an upcoming eighth studio album Get Off on the Pain to be released on March 9, 2010. It debuted at #52 in July 2009.

The song's narrator claims that he lost his lover and everything that he ever wanted "today" when he sees his former lover getting married to another man. He also claims that he should be happy for her, but he isn't:

    Today is the happiest day of her life
    I should be happy for her today
    So tell me, why are these tears in my eyes?
    I know I should be happy for her
    But I lost everything
    I lost everything I ever wanted today 

Leeann Ward of Country Universe gave the song a C+ rating, and said in her review of the song: "With a moody piano to serve as the foundation for the swelling strings and over all dramatic angst, Allan sings of the pain of loosing his former lover to another man", but added, "it is severely weakened by a disappointingly generic, overblown production." The 9513 critic Juli Thanki gave the song a thumbs-up; while her review describes the production as "slick" and "boring", she also says, "Luckily Allan’s beautiful rasp rises above these shortcomings as he manages to simultaneously sound brokenhearted, regretful, and maybe just a little pissed off." Matt Bjorke of Roughstock also gave a favorable review, saying "it is nice to hear a smoldering ballad of regret from one of the best vocalists in modern country music", although he added that he did not consider the song's theme original.

Get Off on the Pain is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Gary Allan. It is slated for release on March 9, 2010. The album's first single, "Today", was released in June 2009, and is currently a Top 20 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.

The first single from Get Off On The Pain "Today", was released to Country radio on June 12, 2009, and was made available for Digital Download on July 7, 2009.

During the Week of October 19, Allan talked about the single on Jeff Foxworthys 'The Foxworthy Countdown. “It’s one of those songs that you missed it with that girl, that’s the girl you always thought you should have (been) with and you let her slip through your fingers and now she is happy as hell and doesn’t think about you ever,” he joked with Jeff, to which the radio host responded, “And we’ve all got one of those girls in our past!”

The Music Video for the single was filmed live during a performance from his Get Off on the Pain tour.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

