Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 2
Episode Name: Showmance
Original Air Date on TV: September 9, 2009


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

Sue Sylvester, coach of William McKinley High School's Nationally recognized cheerleading team—the Cheerios—informs glee club director Will Schuester that his club must have twelve members to be eligible to compete at Regionals. Will decides to have New Directions perform in a school assembly, hoping to recruit new members. The group is opposed to his choice of song—"Le Freak" by Chic—so as a compromise, Will suggests they also learn "Gold Digger" by Kanye West. Rachel's crush on Finn leads her to join the celibacy club, which he attends with his girlfriend Quinn, who is head of the Cheerios. Rachel soon realizes that the celibacy club is really a place where teens try to get as physically close to each other as possible without technically engaging in any kind of sexual activity. Quinn and the other members try to pick on Rachel but she stands up for herself, impressing Finn during the process. Rachel also convinces the glee club members to secretly change their performance to "Push It" by Salt-n-Pepa to give audience members what they want, "sex." The song is well received by the student body, however complaints from parents lead Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba) to compile a list of pre-approved, sanitary songs which New Directions must choose from in future. Will is angry with Rachel for her actions, and when Quinn, Santana (Naya Rivera) and Brittany (Heather Morris) audition for the club with a tongue-in-cheek rendition of "I Say a Little Prayer," he awards Quinn with Rachel's solo on "Don't Stop Believin'." Sue later recruits Quinn to help her bring the glee club down from the inside.

At home, Will is being pushed by his wife Terri to find a second job so that they can afford to move into a new house before the birth of their child. He begins working at the school as a janitor after hours, and shares a romantic moment with Emma, the school guidance counselor. Football coach Ken Tanaka (Patrick Gallagher) observes them, and warns Emma not to become Will's rebound girl. When Will asks her to meet with him after school again, Emma turns him down, having accepted a date with Ken. Terri discovers that she is actually experiencing a hysterical pregnancy, but she cannot bring herself to tell Will, so she lies to him that they are having a son. She tells him to quit working as a janitor, offering up use of her craft room as a nursery for the baby so they do not need to move. Following a private rehearsal, Finn and Rachel kiss, and he is suddenly overwhelmed and experiences premature ejaculation. Embarrassed, he leaves, telling her to forget that their tryst happened, and goes back to Quinn. The episode ends with a dismayed Rachel singing Rihanna's "Take a Bow" with glee club members Mercedes (Amber Riley) and Tina (Jenna Ushkowitz) singing backup.

I Will Be Uploading All Glee Episodes As Single Files Then All Together (:
I Will Also Be Uploading All Albums To Each Season (:

Enjoy (: & Please Seed 

Thanks

- [Np]