Hardware Requirements:



System Requirements: 
Supported OS: Windows® 98SE/2000/XP (tested and works on:Windows 7 Ultimate x86) 
Processor: Pentium® III 1 GHz or AMD Athlon™ 1 GHz 
RAM: 256 MB 
Video Card: DirectX® 9-compliant graphics card (see supported list*) 
Sound Card: DirectX 8-compliant sound card 
DirectX Version: 9.0c (included on disc) 
CD-ROM: 16X CD-ROM or 4X DVD-ROM  
Hard Drive Space: 2 GB 
*Supported Video Cards at Time of Release 
NVIDIA® GeForce™ 3/4/FX series (including 4MX) 
ATI® Radeon™ 7500/8500/9000 families or newer
 
 
 
 

 
 Enter the dark underworld of Prince of Persia Warrior Within, the sword-slashing sequel to the critically acclaimed Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time™.

Hunted by Dahaka, an immortal incarnation of Fate seeking divine retribution, the Prince embarks upon a path of both carnage and mystery to defy his preordained death. His journey leads to the infernal core of a cursed island stronghold harbouring mankind's greatest fears.

Only through grim resolve, bitter defiance, and the mastery of deadly new combat arts can the Prince rise to a new level of warriorship and defend what no enemy shall take away - his life.

Key Features

Define your own combat style with the Free-Form Fighting System: An intricate new combat system lets you wage battles with no boundaries. Utilize the environment, weapons, and your enemies themselves to develop your own unique fighting style. Plus, a strategic projectile attack system allows for a variety of ranged combat tactics. 
Endure the epic: Hours upon hours of action await in your fight for survival, including multiple endings and over 50 weapons to find and master. 
Change the past to affect the present: Travel back in time to prevent the creation of your deadly fate - your every action will affect the history of the present, including environments, stories, inhabitants, and more. 
Control the ravages of time: Ravage enemies with the devastating new combative powers of time manipulation, opening up astounding variations in fighting gameplay as you rewind, fast-forward, and slow time down. 
Explore a violent underworld: Explore and conquer a cursed island underworld, a breeding ground for the most brutal, unrelenting enemies to torment mankind. 
Confront a deadly, seductive evil: Survive the evils of the Empress, a stunning villainess with the power to bend the minds of men. This dark siren of the underworld holds legions of monsters under her command.