Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Slip of the Lip" is a song recorded by American heavy metal band Ratt in 1986 from the album Dancing Undercover and is also on their greatest hits album Ratt & Roll 81-91. It was written by Ratt vocalist Stephen Pearcy, bassist Juan Croucier, and guitarist Warren DeMartini.

In the music video for the song, a female freelance reporter named Kitty Galore (an allusion to Ian Fleming's Pussy Galore character) is sent to a Ratt concert to spy on the band for the fictional "Spy Magazine". Ratt then commences to play at said concert, the music of which compels Kitty Galore to dance along provocatively even while under assignment. The end of the video has Kitty Galore catching a snapshot of Ratt lead vocalist Stephen Pearcy, after which the two suddenly start to make out.

The hotel room scenes in the video were filmed in Shreveport, Louisiana following a live concert at the historic Hirsch Memorial Coliseum.

Dancing Undercover is Ratt's third full length album. It was produced by Beau Hill. The album contained the hits "Dance", "Slip of the Lip", and "Body Talk".

Commercially, the album was a major disappointment, selling considerably less than Ratt's two previous albums. This signaled the beginning of the band's commercial decline, which ultimately lead to Ratt's breakup in 1992.

"Body Talk" was later used on the soundtrack for the Eddie Murphy film, The Golden Child. In 2003 Metal-Rules.com named "Dancing Undercover" number 29 on their "Top 50 Glam metal Albums".

Ratt & Roll 8191 is a compilation album collecting most of the biggest hits from 1983 to 1991 from the American glam-metal band Ratt. It charted at #57.

Ratt is an American  glam metal band that formed in San Diego and enjoyed significant commercial success in the 1980s. The band is best known for their songs "Round and Round," "Wanted Man," "Lay It Down," "You're in Love", "Way Cool Jr." and "Back For More." Though the group lost popularity in the following decade, Ratt has been recognized as instrumental in the formation of the early 1980s Los Angeles hard rock and glam metal scene.

The band has sold an estimated 11 million records in the U.S. while worldwide album sales are approximated at over 20 million. VH1 slotted the band at #79 on its "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock". Their 7th studio album, Infestation, was released April 20, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/