Xvid/MP3 AVI - 624x464 cq6 - encoded from clean, standard-definition, composite video source
---

[excerpted from blog post]

Today’s headlines provide more evidence that, 52 years ago, Ayn Rand predicted today's world.  Every day, our bloated government grows even more:

Although the air is cleaner than it's been for decades, this week the EPA demanded still tighter rules.

The Wall Street Journal front page runs the headline “Big Deficits Cloud Britain’s Future" while hardly mentioning that the US deficit (9.6% of GDP) is almost as big as Britain's (12.5%)(6.9%).  and significantly worse than Europe’s

Finally, the Journal predicts that Washington DC’s office rental market will soon become the most expensive in America.  Clearly, the road to power and money leads to Washington.

So it's refreshing to read last night's comments from viewers. Here’s a sample:

Sue H: That was a great show tonight. I had never heard of this book or author. It is a book that I would like to read. Thanks for sharing not only the book, but the ideas behind it. You are a great addition to the Fox shows – I have been a fan for years -Fox is a great fit.

Jeff: Tremendous Show! So glad to have Stossel’s persepctive at Fox. Recently re-read [Atlas Shrugged] and enjoy any chance people can get together to openly discuss the book’s similarities to today. Keep it up!

Luke: Great show tonight, I think it was the best yet (even though it was recorded early). The audiences’ objections against Ayn Rand were the usual, personal attacks, nothing intellectual. Yaron Brook handled it very well. Keep it up.

Matt: great Show, the audience was better because you had 3 guests to get it right instead of one. This made the good ideas roll along without slow moments.

Tom Utley: John, great show. I especially appreciate the fact that you had Brook and Thompson on the show. However, I was disappointed in your closing statement. Capitalism is not good because it benefits society. That is the pragmatic approach which led to the rise of Nazi Germany (for reference: “The Ominous Parallels”) Capitalism is good because it is the only system that protects individual freedom, and individual life from the use of coercion.

Okay Tom, good point, but can't we value Capitalsim for both?

Adam Reed: "It is now 17:15 (5:15PM) Pacific time.  I’ve been watching Fox Business News online, at http://freetubetv.net/index.php?view=2Zm94YnVzaW5lc3M since 5 PM – and no sign of John Stossel!  When will this show be on?"

Early Ehlinger: Get this piece up on the web, STAT!  Not all of us have Fox Business on their cable service.

As I understand it, Free Tube doesn't broadcast Fox Business live. (I'm watching Fox Business now and it doesn't match what is playing on Free Tube.) I'll look into it. Hulu.com will include full episodes two weeks after they air.

In the meantime, if your cable provider doesn't carry Fox Business on its regular line-up, please apply the power of the market competition: Tell them you'll switch to a satellite competitor that does carry us!

Remember: We re-air over the weekend, starting tonight at 10pm ET, Saturday at 7pm, and Sunday at 11pm.
