Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Dirty Little Thing" is a hard rock song by the supergroup Velvet Revolver, released as the fourth single off the band's debut album Contraband. The song was a top-ten hit on rock radio, but could not repeat the number one success of their previous singles, "Slither" and "Fall to Pieces".

The band is playing in the inside of a train, where there are a lot of women and gambling. The inside of the train is live action film, whereas the outside is animated. This train goes through various places such as San Francisco, Las Vegas, and finishing in Los Angeles, by the end of the video, the train car starts losing its fuselage and the band is seen as animated cartoons. The video was originally intended to be for the band's track "Sucker Train Blues"; however, the band decided to release "Dirty Little Thing" in its place last minute.

Before Scott Weiland and Dave Kushner joined the band, the band was slated to include Josh Todd and Keith Nelson from the band Buckcherry. "Dirty Little Thing" was written during the time with them. Suddenly, Slash decided to boot the two from the band, but Nelson was given songwriting credit.

The song has recently been the subject of a plagiarism dispute. Tony Newton formerly of rock band Dirty Deeds and currently with Voodoo Six recently settled with Velvet Revolver after successfully proving that the main riff of "Dirty Little Thing" is a "carbon copy" of the riff in Dirty Deeds song "Cyber Babe".

The song's lyrics center around a girl who lives a crazy life involving sex, drugs and alcohol. The song opens with bass riffs from Duff McKagan and then the guitar enters, playing major chords. The song has a string chorus and a guitar solo by Slash. The song's structure and sound is very similar to the opening track on Contraband, "Sucker Train Blues".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/