Radovan Popović - Šaka
http://studiostrip.kosmoplovci.net/saka/

originally released from print in july 2007,
this was the second book from the STUDIOSTRIP edition
created with FABRIKA KNJIGA publishing house.
It is another single author strip album, this time from
Radovan Popović, coming in a form of his adaptation of
"Electric Ant" story originally written by Philip K. Dik.

the official page of the book can be seen here>>
http://www.fabrikaknjiga.co.rs/more.php?book=119

the official page of the edition can be seen here>>
http://www.fabrikaknjiga.co.rs/ed.php?ed=7

as you can see, there has been some effort there invested,
so do buy your copy if you can.

meanwhile, since accessibility of the book is very small
and more or less limited to belgrade, and its content
is too important to collect dust in any corner of the
planet, we are now releasing a free version of the book,
available for download here at this page and from other
places over a vast network.

the name of the file to download would be:
radovan.popovic.-.saka.300dpi.2007.KNET0123.pdf
(146MB pdf, 67 pages in 300dpi)


about the author, from the original book announcement:
(in serbian only, sorry)

Radovan Popović, Beograd, 1969.
Kosmoplovac (Studiostrip, Kooi grupa... i ostale podgrupe ovog
interdisciplinarnog konglomerata). U Legiji stranaca od 1983. Saradjuje
sa milicijom od 1984. U stripu oduvek, kao fanatični, neselektivni
uživalac (Semijeva tajna družina, Džepna armija...), izdavač, bivši
urednik (Striper, mytaHat, Super...), distributer, diler fanzina i
piratskih izdanja, loš scenarista, nekada olovkar, nešto bolji tušer,
uglavnom četkar, prvenstveno korektor, grešnik, slovoupisivač, cenzor,
pasivni aktivista i kontraproduktivni popularizator ovog plemenitog, još
uvek neistraženog oblika grafičkog pripovedanja i sveopšteg
izražavanja. Objavljivao stripove u fanzinima, Komikazama i katalozima.
Radi u jednoj knjižari na Balkanu (Beopolis), poslednjoj oazi klasičnog
knjižarstva/striparstva. Ništa ne baca u djubre, naprotiv. Skuplja
pokvarene robote i mašine. Neće još dugo.