Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"18 and Life" is the second single from Skid Row's 1989 eponymous debut album. The band's first power ballad single, it was written by bandmates Rachel Bolan and Dave "the Snake" Sabo.

The song was to be the band's biggest hit, reaching #4 on the Billboard Hot 100, but only reaching #11 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, which was previously their biggest market. It was named the 60th best hard rock song of all time by VH1. It was certified Gold on September 13, 1989, when it sold 500,000 copies.

The song was written by guitarist Dave Sabo after he read a newspaper article about an 18 year old named Ricky who was sentenced to life imprisonment for shooting and killing his friend with a gun he thought was unloaded.

This song also appears on Skid Row's greatest hits compilation, 40 Seasons: The Best of Skid Row. Then lead singer of Skid Row, Sebastian Bach, released a live version of this on his solo album Bring 'Em Bach Alive!. It is also a playable song on the video game Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s.

Sebastian Bach (born Sebastian Philip Bierk, on April 3, 1968) is a Canadian heavy metal singer, best known as ex-frontman of Skid Row.

Born in Freeport, Bahamas, and raised in Peterborough, Ontario, he attended nearby Lakefield College School. He is of Norwegian, French Canadian, and Native American descent. He currently resides in Middletown, New Jersey.

He and his wife, Maria Bierk, have three children, 2 sons, and 1 daughter. Their names are: Paris, London, and Sebastiana. His daughter, Sebastiana, was born in 2007. His son Paris was formerly the drummer of metal band Severed Hand, who opened up for him on occasion and were also featured on the VH1 special I Married Sebastian Bach. Paris is currently playing for New York rock band The Infinite Staircase, who are to appear on the Black Label Bash tour in Spring 2009 with Black Label Society, Sevendust, and Dope. Bach's father was the visual artist David Bierk. He is the brother of retired NHL goaltender Zac Bierk, model/actor Heather Dylan Bierk.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

