Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"White Wedding" is a song by Billy Idol that appeared on his album Billy Idol (1982). Although "the Big 80's:Episode I" of VH1's Pop-up Video trivia show claims Idol wrote the song to voice his displeasure with his sister's fiance (who impregnated her before marrying her), this has turned out not to be the case. On an episode of VH1 Storytellers, Idol claims that there was never any family resentment towards his sister, and that the song was simply heightened fantasy and nothing more.

It is often considered his most successful song, although other Idol songs charted higher. It reached #36 on the Billboard Hot 100 on its original release, and reached #6 in the UK upon its release there in 1985.

The song has been covered by many bands including Australian 80's Revival band John West Experience and other bands including Murderdolls, Ten Masked Men, Ardor (of Tanzwut), Deathstars, Doro, Rowland S. Howard on his album Teenage Snuff Film, Sentenced, Aiden, The Way of All Flesh. Kayvon Zand, Whip, The House Jacks, and the band Queens of the Stone Age on their 2007 album Era Vulgaris as a B-Side. Additionally, the ska band Umbrella Bed covered it on their album "King Size." Serbian punk rock band KBO! recorded a version on their 2001 cover album (Ne) Menjajte Stanicu ((Do Not) Change The Station). Post-hardcore band Aiden recorded a version of White Wedding for Kerrang!s cover CD High Voltage!: A Brief History of Rock and on their EP Rain In Hell. Part of it is included in Franz Ferdinand's cover of Gwen Stefani's "What You Waiting For?". The song has also been covered by Nightmare of the Elf. Also, the gothic rock/steampunk band Abney Park recorded a cover on their 2005 album Taxidermy. The band Radio Cult released a cover of the song on their album "Mix Tape" in 2006.

Murderdolls is an American horror punk supergroup, founded during 2002 in Hollywood, California. The band line-up consists of core members Wednesday 13 and Joey Jordison. Former members include Ben Graves, Acey Slade, Eric Griffin & Tripp Eisen.

To date the band has released two albums, the first in the form of Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls which was released in 2002. The band had limited initial success in the United States, though their album and singles charted well in the United Kingdom and around the same time they picked up a strong following in Japan. Their second album, Women and Children Last, was released August 31, 2010.

Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls is the debut album of horror punk band Murderdolls released in 2002. It was released on Roadrunner Records and reached #40 on the UK Albums Chart selling 100,000 copies in the U.S.

The original pressing of the album featured 15 tracks, with a later re-release containing additional bonus tracks.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/