 http://bayimg.com/PaOFfaACb 

Suddenly (1954)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047542/


Suddenly (1954) is an American film noir  directed by Lewis Allen with a screenplay written by Richard Sale. The drama features Frank Sinatra, Sterling Hayden, James Gleason and Nancy Gates, among others.


 Frank Sinatra ...  John Baron 
 Sterling Hayden ...  Sheriff Tod Shaw 
 James Gleason ...  Pop Benson 
 Nancy Gates ...  Ellen Benson 
 Kim Charney ...  Peter Benson III -  Pidge  
 Willis Bouchey ...  Dan Carney 
 Paul Frees ...  Benny Conklin 
 Christopher Dark ...  Bart Wheeler 
 James O Hara ...  Jud Hobson (as James Lilburn) 
 Kem Dibbs ...  Wilson (as Ken Dibbs) 
 Clark Howat ...  Haggerty 
 Charles Smith ...  Bebop 
 Paul Wexler ...  Slim Adams 


The tranquility of a small town is jarred when the U.S. President is scheduled to pass through and a hired assassin takes over the Benson home as a perfect location to ambush the president.

Film critic Carl Mazek makes the case that the  Machiavellian attitude  of John Baron links the picture with the brutal films noir of the 1950s like The Big Night (1951) and Kiss Me Deadly (1955). Moreover, the themes of violence, sense of claustrophobia and despair mark the film as completely amoral, and, as such, Suddenly is quite opposite of non-noir films like The Desperate Hours (1955).

New York Times film critic Bosley Crowther liked the direction of the film and the acting, writing,  Yet such is the role that Mr. Sinatra plays in Suddenly!, a taut little melodrama that... [it] shapes up as one of the slickest recent items in the minor movie league... we have several people to thank- particularly Richard Sale for a good script, which tells a straight story credibly, Mr. Allen for direction that makes both excitement and sense, Mr. Bassler for a production that gets the feel of a small town and the cast which includes Sterling Hayden, James Gleason and Nancy Gates.  Crowther especially liked Sinatra s performance. He wrote,  Mr. Sinatra deserves a special chunk of praise...In Suddenly! he proves it in a melodramatic tour de force. 

The staff at Variety magazine also gave the film a good review and praised the acting. They wrote,  Thesp inserts plenty of menace into a psycho character, never too heavily done, and gets good backing from his costar, Sterling Hayden, as sheriff, in a less showy role but just as authoritatively handled. Lewis Allen s direction manages a smart piece where static treatment easily could have prevailed. 

The Hollywood Reporter commented,  As an assassin in the piece, Sinatra superbly refutes the idea that the straight role potentialities in From Here to Eternity was one shot stuff. In Suddenly, the happy-go-lucky soldier of Eternity becomes one of the most repellent killers in American screen history. 

In 1959, five years after the release of Suddenly, a novel was published which had a remarkably similar ending. This was The Manchurian Candidate written by Richard Condon, a former Hollywood press agent recently turned novelist. His book also features a mentally troubled former war hero called Raymond Shaw who, at the climax, uses a rifle with scope to shoot at a presidential candidate. Because of such strong similarities, it is now thought that Suddenly was one inspiration for Condon s Manchurian Candidate.

The Manchurian Candidate was released as a film in 1962, again starring Sinatra, but this time out to prevent an assassination being committed by Laurence Harvey.

Another person who was certainly aware of Suddenly, whether or not he ever saw it, was Lee Harvey Oswald, the assassin of President John F. Kennedy in 1963. The movie played at several New Orleans theatres for two months in the winter of 1954-55, at a time when Oswald was living there and was a 15-year-old borderline juvenile delinquent. In his teenage world, Oswald cannot have been ignorant of such a violent and sensational movie.

It was long thought that Oswald actually saw Suddenly on television in October 1963 (one month before the assassination of Kennedy), but an investigation of that claim eventually revealed that he did not. The confusion arose because Oswald actually saw another presidential assassination film, We Were Strangers, not once but twice on one weekend in October 1963. His twofold viewing of that film came to be understood, in all the chaos immediately following the assassination of Kennedy, as his having seen two different assassination films at that time. Suddenly was naturally but mistakenly believed to have been the  second  one.[10] Vincent Bugliosi, in his 2007 work Reclaiming History, claims that Oswald did see Suddenly on television in October 1963, but Bugliosi misquoted and ignored several other findings, and his claim is not correct.

President Kennedy s assassination in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963 shocked and stunned the nation but for one Hollywood superstar it had even more disturbing repercussions. Frank Sinatra, a loyal supporter and friend of Kennedy, had once played a potential presidential assassin in the suspense thriller, Suddenly (1954). When he heard that Lee Harvey Oswald had watched that film on the evening before he shot and killed the President, he demanded that the film be withdrawn from distribution. 

Made nine years earlier, Suddenly is the story of a trio of assassins led by John Baron (Sinatra) who arrive in the sleepy California town of Suddenly with a sinister purpose: to assassinate the President when his train travels through the rural depot. But first the gunmen have to find the best vantage point and, posing as FBI agents, gain entrance to a hilltop house and take everyone hostage. The similarities between Baron and Oswald are striking: both are hostile loners with a warped ideology and both plotted their murders with a rifle from an open window. But the connection between Sinatra and presidential assassins didn t end there. 

In 1962, Sinatra appeared in The Manchurian Candidate, directed by John Frankenheimer (also a close friend of the Kennedys). Once again the plot involved an elaborate plan to kill the President, leaving his vice-president (and Communist Party stooge) to take his orders directly from his operatives. But this time around, Sinatra played the hero, racing against time to stop his former army comrade (Laurence Harvey) and now a brainwashed victim of the enemy, from carrying out his orders. Sinatra also had this film withdrawn from distribution as well after Kennedy s assassination making both The Manchurian Candidate and Suddenly difficult films to see for many years.

Suddenly was based on an original screenplay by Richard Sale who got the idea from news stories about President Eisenhower s train trips to and from Palm Springs. Sinatra made Suddenly right after his Oscar®-winning performance in From Here to Eternity (1953) and it marked the first time he played the  heavy  in a film, though weighing less than 120 pounds, that label hardly sounds apt. Nevertheless, his performance as a cold-blooded, psychopathic killer is still considered one of his best. Newsweek wrote:  As the assassin in the piece, Sinatra superbly refutes the idea that the straight-role potentialities which earned an Academy Award for him in From Here to Eternity were one-shot stuff. In Suddenly, the happy-go-lucky soldier of Eternity becomes one of the most repellent killers in American screen history.  

Once considered little more than a tautly directed B-movie, Suddenly has since come into its own as a highly regarded example of the film noir style. In his essay on Suddenly for the movie reference book, Film Noir: An Encyclopedic Reference to the American Style, Carl Macek wrote,  The sense of claustrophobia and despair unleashed by the assassins in Suddenly is completely amoral, and totally opposite of the style of harassment found in such non-noir, socially redemptive films as The Desperate Hours [1955]....There are no reasons given, or asked for, regarding the assassination - the entire incident functions as a nightmare, a very real nightmare that invades the serenity of a small town. At the end of the film it is apparent that the Benson family will never be the same, suddenly scarred by people out of nowhere who irrevocably disrupt their middle-class tranquility. 



