Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Lolene (born March 12th 1985) sometimes called Miss Foo Foo is a British music artist, songwriter and performer.

Lolene recently signed to Capitol/Emi US by the labels VP and President Steven Melrose and Nick Gatfield. Currently residing in Los Angeles, Lolene is completing her anticipated debut album Electrick Hotel due for release in early 2010. Lolene cites Madonna, Prince, Debbie Harry, Rick James, Seal, Grace Jones and Neneh Cherry as her musical influences. Lolene describes her sound as awkward POP and says "it’s hard to swallow and with no restraint" Likening her music to a pop cocktail, due to its eclectic versatility, Lolene play’s on her European dance roots and love of tongue in cheek lyrics. Her unreleased album Electrick Hotel is an invitation to “come inside my world for a while” she describes "experience a musical movement that is both audio and visually stimulating in a world of heartbreaks and handbags"

"Sexy People" Is the first video and release for Lolene although not the official single. It entered the billboard dance chart at #48 and has reached #11 as of Billboard Magazine's November 14, 2009 issue.

"Rich" is the expected first official single due for release Jan 2010 on Capitol/EMI records

Lolene can be heard on the Rick Ross ft. T-Pain single 'The Boss' singing background vocals. Lolene was also asked to sing the on the Eminem song out of sight yet to be released. Lolene writes for major artists and often collaborates with award winning writer Andreas Carlsson (Backstreet Boys, N Sync, Celine Dion) with whom she wrote 'Heartache on the Dance floor' for Janet Leon. She often writes with Makeba Riddick (Jennifer Lopez, Rihanna, Beyonce), Evan Bogart (The Writing Camp), Danja (Britney Spears, Nelly Furtado, Timbaland), Harvey Mason, Jr. (Underdogs), Pee Wee and Christina Milian with whom she wrote Teairra Mari's unreleased track 'Diamonds' featuring Kanye West.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

