Monday, March 29, 2010
This weekend Michele Bachmann was on Face the Nation. Wow. If this is what's facing the nation, I am very worried.  It's long been known that numbers can be carefully manipulated to misrepresent the facts. But why bother doing that when you can just make them up out of thin air?

Well, yesterday Michele Bachmann was offering up a lot of very big numbers. And by "offering up" I mean "making up." And by "big" I mean "fabricated." Here's just one of Michelle's statistical fantasies: "Now we have the federal government taking over ownership or control of 51 percent of the American economy. This is stunning. Prior to September of 2008, 100 percent of the private economy was private." OK. I think Michele Bachmann's goal is to make the rest of us as confused as she is. On their website, CBS felt obliged to say "Ms. Bachmann offered no facts to back up her assertion that the government owns or controls 51 percent of the U.S. economy." That would because the numbers have nothing to do with the facts. Michele's numbers need an asterisk beside them. And if you look up the note with the asterisk it will say "numbers based on whatever was flitting around inside Michele Bachmann's skull."

But she was just getting warmed up...
 
Then she threw this one out there: "Just this week we saw American businesses announce that Obamacare will cost them 14 billion dollars." Really, how are you going to refute that seemingly random assertion? Call up "American businesses" and ask if they really made such an announcement? I checked their website www.americanbusinesses.com.  According to them, they don't exist. But there's more! Bachmann said "The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care." Really, Michele, if you're just going to make this stuff up, why stop at 30 percent? Why not just say all of them? Heck, why not just say "If the government takes over healthcare, 100 percent of physicians will leave the profession, take up arms, and roam the country like the biker gangs in Mad Max." Then let someone try and conduct a study refuting that projection.

According to the old saying, there are lies, damn lies, and statistics. Now we have to add another category—statistics from Michele Bachmann. But then they would probably fall under the "damn lies" category.
