Traktor Pro v.1.2.5 (R8382) Native.Intruments


Native Instruments TRAKTOR PRO 1.2.5



Native Instruments TRAKTOR PRO and TRAKTOR SCRATCH PRO - the next versions of its groundbreaking digital DJ solutions with MIDI and time-code control. TRAKTOR PRO and TRAKTOR SCRATCH PRO were designed with a strong focus on efficiency and ease-of-use, making them outstanding performance tools for DJs of all styles and experience levels.
With four full-featured decks and sound shaping and MIDI control options, the new Traktor Scratch Pro combines the full-featured Traktor Pro software with the acclaimed AUDIO 8 DJ interface and a set of high-resolution time-code records and CDs for extremely responsive hands-on control through turntables and CD decks.
Traktor Pro introduces a new graphical user interface that features a new efficient workflow. The concise, completely scalable screen layout with clear, high-contrast elements results in an interface that is highly convenient to work with under all conditions.
All crucial performance functions like cueing and looping have been revised and refined in Traktor Pro for fast and intuitive handling in a performance situation, while extensive cover artwork support including the innovative “Crate Flick” feature allows DJs to visually browse their music library in a new and especially efficient way.

Advanced syncing functions in Traktor Pro give DJs more time to focus on the creative aspects of their performance. Precise beat grids are now created automatically for all tracks, and the “Sync Lock” function makes sure that even multiple decks and tempo-synced effects never drift out of sync. New “quantized navigation” also allows DJs to seamlessly jump between loops, cue points or any other part of a track without missing a beat, offering huge potential for the spontaneous rearranging of entire tracks, beatjuggling and similar techniques.

Traktor Pro also opens up vast new possibilities for creative sound manipulation, with a powerful performance effects section that is both extremely versatile and highly accessible. Two separate multi-effect units offer more than twenty studio-quality algorithms, from a full range of standard DJ effects to a wide selection of unusual effect types like “Mulholland Drive”, “Iceverb” and “Reverse Grain” that can easily add a unique sonic twist to every set. Up to six effects can be chained and freely assigned to any number of decks at any time, and can be effortlessly synced to tempo in all circumstances.

To give DJs the maximum level of control over their performance, Traktor Pro offers state-of-the-art MIDI controller integration, and comes with mappings for all relevant DJ controllers on the market. New “MIDI modifier” functionality provides even finer performance control, allowing for dynamic and multi-layered knob and fader assignments, on-the-fly adjustments of parameter resolution and much more. Furthermore, new extended MIDI sync features make it easy to seamlessly integrate outboard gear like drum machines and software sequencers into the mix.

With the new generation of Traktor Pro, the integration with the leading dance music download store Beatport will also be taken to the next level. Starting in 2009, all new releases on Beatport will come with TRAKTOR metadata, enabling DJs to add newly purchased tracks to their collection without any additional preparation time. (Native Instruments has an equity position in Beatport –Ed.)

On the occasion, Native Instruments is also launching a series of videos that feature Hip Hop legend Grandmaster Flash and techno icon Richie Hawtin in conversations about their personal perspectives on music, DJing and technology. The first episodes are available now on the dedicated TRAKTOR PRO microsite, with further installments scheduled for release in the coming weeks.

Further improvements in TRAKTOR PRO and TRAKTOR SCRATCH PRO include incremental track search, portable collection and setting files, dedicated key correction and filter sections for each deck, an included library of loops, FX sounds and scratch files as well as full
compatibility with the latest 64-bit Mac OS X and Windows operating systems.



Homepage - http://www.native-instruments.com