We finally found the right formula for a conversion offering of
this movie - we bring it in now at 700Megs, just a tad more than
the XVID offering from which we first learned of its existance
as it isnt anywhere for sale that we have looked before now.

The DivX subtitles appear mid screen when viewed with DivX player
on a PC, and on nicely the lower part of the picture when viewed with
a DivX capable DVD player as just tested here.

This is one of the most important of our movies. We ask that you
seed, in the interests of mankind, and that of Nora the main character
whose plight is told of here by the Playwright Mr. Henrik Ibsen of Norway.


This is my review of this production - entitled "Et Dukkehjem" when
in its original Norwegian.)

A dolls house is an important movie for the world. Its ramifications couldn't
possibly be overstated. It is about the most crucial decisions ahead of us and
that have been perennially divisive. Its about what value are real, and most
worth defending, and who should our leaders be in discerning them for us, given
that the world has a psychological dichotomy of sorts that has always been
unbridgeable between opposite psychological types as are presented in the
marriage shown in this movie - and needless to say, cannot be sustained when
the facts of these differences are brought to light with sufficient force of
emotion.

It needs to be noted that the rendition starring Anthony Hopkins couldn't have
been more miscast, in a way as to altogether retard the basic argument. The
contrast between the characters involved. In fact the woman who plays Kristine
in this Norwegian original work is essentially the type of person that was
picked to play Nora in the Hopkins version as it were although the comparison
is only fundamentally valid and I don't go beyond that except to say the
differences are quite apparent when comparing these women to our Nora in this
Norwegian true to the book version. In fact for those viewing this movie in
America, or Ireland etc, you will find it hard to see Nora here as anything but
an Irish woman as that is in fact precisely who she is to you, if you have
studied some of the history of the peoples of Ireland and where it is that they
broadly originate from, and so I hope your very special interest is altogether
captivated in her plight and your concern for her in our world.

At the end, the debauchery of the emotions brought about by a forceful
disclosure to one another that these two types of beings are so fundamentally
different brings the character of Nora to see her husband in the movie play
"Torvald" as a devil in disguise, no less, to her own mindset while he sees her
as a fallen woman of sorts, lacking a type of virtue as it were, given that she
has broken his code, misguided and inane as that viewpoint is by comparison.

Yet they will never come to terms with these differences of opinions as they
are born with different minds on the matter although some would apply the
nature versus nurture argument to suggest they might be closer brought in the
future. This is both misguided and foolhardy in fact. All that can be done is
to protect Nora better in that what she brings to our world is in fact the
greatest care and nurturing of a real Christianly spirit - and we must see that
she is never assailed in her life as she is in this movie for being a good soul
among men.


Michael Rizzo Chessman
Reviews: moviesbyrizzo.info