Date:
 05-13-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Philip Booth, Christopher Booth, Stephen Bassett 
 


Appearing during the middle two hours, paranormal documentary filmmakers Christopher & Philip Booth discussed their new work, The Haunted Boy, which is based on the true case of possession that inspired the movie/book The Exorcist. Instead of a girl, it was actually a young boy who became possessed, and the main events took place in St. Louis in 1949. The Booths interviewed a number of witnesses and family members involved in the case, and had access to the secret diary of one of the priests in the exorcism, and based their documentary on events described in it. 

They shot footage in the actual bedroom in St. Louis of the possessed boy, as well as at the asylum where he was held. In EVP recordings they made in the bedroom, they heard Aramaic being spoken, as well as chanting. At the asylum, an EVP was recorded that said "I'm right above you," they detailed. When the boy was at the asylum for epilepsy, one of the workers recounted-- "Yeah, if you want to call it epilepsy, but I've never seen anyone levitate from epilepsy." 

There was no 360 degree head turning as depicted in The Exorcist, but the possessed boy emitted a guttural voice in which up to 10 demonic spirits spoke at the same time, according to the diary. The Booths also talked about some of their earlier documentaries, such as The Ghosts of Waverly Hills Sanatorium. They revealed that at one time in this facility, dead bodies were carried out via underground tunnels, as the staff didn't want patients to know there wasn't a cure for TB. 

X-Conference Report
First hour guest, activist Stephen Bassett gave an update on the X-Conference, recently held at the Press Club in Washington D.C. Among the presenters were Linda Moulton Howe on the Bentwaters UFO incident, (she was joined by witness John Burroughs), and A. J. Gevaerd on Brazilian UFO cases. Bassett also reported that a regional Russian head of state, Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, has come forward to say that he's an alien abductee. 

The last hour of the show featured Open Lines. 


Website(s):
•spookedtv.com
•paradigmresearchgroup.org