Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 50 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can't continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)




In Spanish with hard-coded English subtitles.


Cuba Mia: Portrait of an All-Woman Orchestra, captures a musical Cuba never before seen. Telling the story of the musicians of the chamber orchestra, the Camerata Romeu (a young female first-cousin of Buena Vista Social Club), this special film, seen on PBS, features ten beautiful musicians, playing the harmonies of Cuba and demonstrating the power of music to cross the boundaries of nation, gender, and time. By turns funny, angry, lyrical, and moving, Cuba Mia takes us into the lives of these dedicated musicians, as they juggle a fierce rehearsal schedule (they play everything from memory) with everyday life and relationships, offering a slice of Cuban life seldom seen on the world s screens. Theirs are young lives filled with dreams and sacrifices, victories and defeats, numbing work and moments of genius. Amazingly talented, incredibly beautiful, Cuban to the core, this DVD is filled with dazzling faces and fiery performances that will both astonish and delight. The Camerata Romeu is led by Zenaida Romeu, one of the world s most gifted conductors, who was born into a family of Cuban performers and composers spanning several generations. They are an all string orchestra that plays everything from Mozart and Classical to World music, from their native folk songs to fiery renditions of a new Cuban music that incorporates the island s popular rhythms taken from Africa, Spain, and Latin American Indians. Their perfect blend of multiple violins, cello, and bass creates a sound all their own. Whether thrilling audiences in small Cuban towns, playing to packed houses in the U.S. and Europe, or performing in their stunning Basilica in Old Havana, these outrageously gifted women play with a joy and passion that defies description. This award-winning film, directed by Cecilia Domeyko, the creator of dozens of films capturing the Hispanic experience in the U.S. and Latin America, is an inspiration, matching stirring music with brilliant editing and memorable images, creating a celebration of talent, courageousness, imagination, and dedication. A multiple award winner, Cuba Mia: Portrait of an All-Woman Orchestra captures the lives, music, and harmonies of the Cuban soul.





More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/




