Ladies and gentlemen, this torrent contains the entire run of Humanoids Publishing's Metal Hurlant v2.

Métal Hurlant is a French comics anthology of science fiction and horror comics stories, created in December 1974 by comics artists Jean Giraud (better known as Mœbius) and Philippe Druillet together with journalist-writer Jean-Pierre Dionnet and financial director Bernard Farkas.

The four were collectively known as "Les Humanoïdes Associés" (United Humanoids), which became the name of the publishing house releasing Métal Hurlant. It was published in the United States by National Lampoon under the title Heavy Metal (Métal Hurlant literally means "Screaming Metal").

The first magazine started with a three-month periodicity and 68 pages, of which only 18 were in color. It housed famous Moebius and Druillet characters such as Arzach, Gail or Lone Sloane, but later it also housed collaborations from foreign cartoonists like Richard Corben. Other artists who worked for Metal Hurlant include Alejandro Jodorowsky, Enki Bilal, Caza, Serge Clerc, Alain Voss, Berni Wrightson, Milo Manara, Frank Margerin and many others.

It became bi-monthly with #7 and monthly with #9. Apart from comics, the magazine contained articles about science fiction books and movies, as well as music and videogames. Metal Hurlant, emphasizing complex graphics, cinematic imagery and surreal storylines, was highly influential throughout the world as one of the first mature expressions of "adult" comic book making. It ceased publication in July 1987, while the US version never halted publications.

Metal Hurlant began publishing again in July 2002 by Humanoids Publishing, with a French, English, Spanish and Portuguese version, under the French name. As a "two-headed", transatlantic (France-USA) magazine, led by Fabrice Giger in Los Angeles, it published original short stories, sometimes related to existing or to be published comic books. Its aim was to discover young creators and promote the products from the publisher. This incarnation of the magazine ceased publication with issue #14, dated November/December 2004.


Thanks to the scanners and the original sources who, as always wish to remain nameless.

Please seed. Please enjoy.

