Kings Of New York (2010) [Gay]
 
http://www.adultdvdnow.com/gay/Kings_of_New_York_88912.html

Studio 	Lucas Entertainment
Release Date Jun 30, 2010
Category Gay, Feature
Director Michael Lucas, Mr. Pam
Starring Rafael Alencar, Rod Daily, Michael Lucas, Wilfried Knight, Steven Daigle, Zach Alexander, Junior Stellano, Phillip Aubrey

New York City. Eight million fucking people all clawing their way to the top. Money, fame, beauty, sex. Its about power. Its about being a king - the Kings of New York. Watch the men in charge school a new class of hopefuls who all want their bite of the Big Apple. Scruffy French daddy Wilfried Knight gets yanked out of the trunk of a car by two ruff and buff cronies and led to a secret dungeon where he finds Junior Stellano, King of the New York Underground. Junior interrogates his captive, until Wilfried pulls his cock out of his underwear, hypnotizing him. Juniors cock comes out in due turn and Wilfried sucks him into passivity. The two strip each others clothes off and Junior takes a big taste of Wilfrieds hairy asshole. Wilfried shoves his cock down Juniors seedy throat and face-fucks him, before settling in to a spit-soaked rimjob. The captive becomes the captor as Wilfried fucks Junior into submission. Grasping for a power play, Junior flips Wilfried and fucks him back. He resolves the situation with a double-sided dildo, which the two muscle studs fuck until Junior cums across his chiseled abs. Wilfried finishes on Juniors face and its clear all debts have been settled... for now. Aspiring model Phillip Aubrey is stunned to see that his first photo shoot in the Big Apple is with none other than world-renowned fashion photographer Rafael Alencar. Following a stellar shoot, King of Fashion Mr. Alencar zooms straight into Phillips kissable mouth. The lensman and his subject strip down and Rafael sucks Phillip before feasting on his immaculate hole. He tongues the new "It Boy"'s hole with close-up precision. Phillip takes Rafaels monstrous cock and slurps it like a born A-lister. The two 69 until Rafael reclines, allowing the blond bottom to sit upon his pulsating, uncut erection. Rafael lifts Phillip on and off his famous cock until his butt bounces like a beach ball. Securing his spot in the fashion pages, Phillip rides Rafaels raging rod all the way to the top. King of Porn Michael Lucas, has fucked miles of hole to get to where he is on the gay porn totem pole, and ambivalent California porn star Rod Daily is ready to take a lesson. Ready to rack up some miles on his own frequent fucking card, Rod immediately commences sucking on Michaels famous pole. Michael gets ready for a close-up with Rods hungry hole, and rims him voraciously. Not one to avoid getting down to business, Michael pounds Rods blockbuster ass until he cums like a superstar. "I think youre ready for your comeback," Michael assures him, and from the action that has just unfolded its clear that the Kings got it right. Reality TV star Steven Daigle halts the judging of a new talent competition to console defeated Broadway dancer Zach Alexander. Steven gives Zach some wise and reasonable advice on showbiz, but Zach gets the wrong idea and initiates a hot and surprising casting couch session. Steven strips the determined twink and gets his celebrity cock sucked backstage. He goes down on Zach in return and bends him over for a salacious rimjob. Steven pounds Zachs naive ass doggy style, before sitting on the casting couch to give the eager Zach a ride on his stiff wood. Zach rides Steven like his career depends upon it - and it does! They flip and ride each other like bulls until they cum like crazy."
