Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

Air
Love 2
Release Date: October 6, 2009

It seems strange for such seasoned veterans of the studio, but Love 2, Air's fifth album, is the first that they produced entirely on their own. That could be because it's the first album that they recorded in their own state-of-the-art Atlas Studio in Paris. They also supply all of the vocal parts, and included longtime collaborator Joey Waronker on drum duty. Judging by the first single, "Do the Joy," Love 2 is based on the same meticulous arrangements and air-light (sorry) synths that the duo is known for.
~ Matthew Blackwell

----

Just when we were beginning to forget that French musicians don't traffic exclusively in EQed-to-death monster-house jams, Phoenix came along with the weightless Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix and reminded us that, oh yeah, the French can also be pretty great at luminously suave pop music. Now that our appetite for smoove, starry-eyed Gallic studio-rat music has been restored, it's the perfect time for Air to drop a new album. And that's exactly what they're doing.
On October 6, Astralwerks will release Love 2, the fifth studio album from the Paris duo. This will be the first album that Air recorded at their own Atlas Studio, which I have to imagine is the most luxurious recording studio on the planet. Jean-Benoit Dunckel and Nicolas Godin handle all the album's vocals by themselves, and L.A. gun-for-hire drummer Joey Waronker sits in on the entire record.

And yes, to answer your question, the album does include a song called "African Velvet". There's also one called "So Light Is Her Footfall". This might be a pretty good time to invest in a new lava lamp.

"Do the Joy" will be available as a "viral single" on July 7, according to a press release. On August 25, they'll drop the album's first proper single, "Sing Sang Sung".

Air - Love 2

01 Do the Joy
02 Love
03 So Light Is Her Footfall
04 Be a Bee
05 Missing the Light of the Day
06 Tropical Disease
07 Heaven's Light
08 Night Hunter
09 Sing Sang Sung
10 Eat My Beat
11 You Can Tell It to Everybody
12 African Velvet