Love Songs was the third Bee Gees compilation album in four years, though 
the first to cover a specific musical style. A proposed album of love songs 
was in the works around 1995 when the Bee Gees recorded old hits 
like "Heartbreaker" and "Emotion" from the late '60s, but that project was 
soon shelved and those recordings remained unavailable until 2001.

Following the success of the Number Ones compilation in 2004, Universal once 
again tried to mine the Bee Gees catalog, this time focusing on their ballads. 
Spanning their entire career, Love Songs features many of the group's big hits, 
but also includes some lesser known tracks such as "Secret Love" and "For Whom 
The Bell Tolls", which were both big hits in Europe. Also, included is the live 
version of "Islands In The Stream", which many consider the superior Bee Gees 
version as compared with the techo-version found on 2001's Their Greatest Hits: 
The Record.

The U.S. and the UK versions differed slightly in song selection and running time. 
Included in the UK version were 1993's "Heart Like Mine" and a song the Gibb Brothers 
wrote for Ronan Keating in 1999 called "Lovers And Friends" in which The Bee Gees sing 
backup. This irked many fans as this was not a true Bee Gees song in that it prevented 
other classic Bee Gees tracks from making the album. Another anomaly was the inclusion 
of the Robin Gibb solo hit "Juliet" from 1983, which was a big hit in many countries, 
except in the UK and the U.S.

By the time "Love Songs" was released, there had been several Bee Gees compilations on 
the market as well as their entire back catalog, so this release seemed somewhat redundant. 
In the U.S. it did chart but only managed to reach #166. In the UK it climbed to #51, but its 
best showing was in France where it went Top 20, peaking at.


Track listings:


1.To Love Somebody
2.Words
3.First of May
4.Lonely Days
5.How Can You Mend Broken Heart?
6.How Deep Is Your Love?
7.More Than a Woman
8.(Our Love) Don't Throw It All Away
9.Emotion
10.Too Much Heaven
11.Heartbreaker
12.Islands in the Stream
13.Juliet
14.Secret Love
15.For Whom the Bell Tolls
16.Closer Than Close
17.I Could Not Love You More
18.Wedding Day
