PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: B0EB943F5448D72D09D252A4D4EB815897115C8A
File Size: 3.83 GB
Label: Geffen / Uzi Suicide 




Albums, Years & Catalog # in this torrent: 


Appetite for Destruction 1987 GEFD 24148 *
G N’ R Lies 1988
Use Your Illusion I 1991 GEFSD-24415 *
Use Your Illusion II 1991 GEFSD-24420 *
The Spaghetti Incident? 1993
Live Era 87 – 93 1999
Greatest Hits 2004 B000171402 *
Chinese Democracy 2008


* Denotes my rip





Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:



Guns N' Roses (sometimes abbreviated as GN'R or GnR) is an American hard rock band. The band formed in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California in 1985. The band, led by frontman and co-founder Axl Rose (born William Bruce Rose[7]), has gone through numerous line-up changes and controversies since its formation; the current lineup comprises vocalist Rose, guitarists Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal, DJ Ashba and Richard Fortus, bassist Tommy Stinson, drummer Frank Ferrer and keyboardists Dizzy Reed and Chris Pitman. The band has released six studio albums, three EPs and one live album during its career.

The band has sold more than 100 million albums worldwide,[8][9] including over 46 million in the United States.[10] The band's 1987 major label debut album Appetite for Destruction has sold in excess of 28 million copies worldwide and reached number one on the United States Billboard 200. In addition, the album charted three Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100, including "Sweet Child o' Mine" which reached number one.[11] The 1991 albums Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II debuted on the two highest spots on the Billboard 200 and have sold a combined 14 million copies in the United States alone and 35 million worldwide. After over a decade of work, the band released their follow-up album, Chinese Democracy, in 2008.

Their mid-to-late eighties and early nineties years have been described by individuals in the music industry as the period in which "they brought forth a hedonistic rebelliousness and revived the punk attitude-driven hard rock scene, reminiscent of the early Rolling Stones."








Appetite For Destruction 1987


Appetite for Destruction is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses. Released in 1987 (see 1987 in music), it was well-received by critics and topped the American Billboard 200 chart. As of September 2008, the album has been certified diamond (plus 18x platinum) by the RIAA,[3] accumulating worldwide sales in excess of thirty-three million as of October 2008.

Axl Rose stated in 1988 that many of the songs featured on the album had been written while the band had been performing on the Los Angeles club circuit, and a number of songs that would be featured on later Guns N' Roses albums were considered for Appetite for Destruction, such as Back Off Bitch, You Could Be Mine and Don't Cry.[5]

While the songwriting credits are credited to all five band members, many of the songs began as solo tracks that individual band members wrote separate from the band, only to be completed later. These songs include It's So Easy'(McKagan) and Think About You (Stradlin). Rocket Queen was an unfinished Slash/Adler/McKagan song that was written from their earlier band Road Crew, whereas Anything Goes, written by Hollywood Rose and included in their compilation album The Roots of Guns N' Roses, was later re-written for Appetite.

Other songs on the album reflect the band's reaction to the debauchery of the L.A. rock and roll underground, like Welcome to the Jungle which Rose wrote after he encountered a man on the sidewalks of New York City shortly after arriving there from Indiana.[6] Some of the songs focus on the band members' younger years, like Out ta Get Me, which focuses on lead singer Axl Rose's constant trouble with the law as a youth in Indiana.[7] The band also based songs on their assorted female companions, reflected in the songs Sweet Child o' Mine, Think About You, My Michelle, You're Crazy, and Rocket Queen.




Achievements: 

•	In 1989 Rolling Stone ranked Appetite for Destruction as the 20th best album of the 1980s.
•	The same magazine later ranked it at sixty-one on their list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.[13]
•	In 2001, Q magazine named Appetite for Destruction as one of the 50 Heaviest Albums of All Time.[14]
•	In 2004, Q magazine also named Appetite for Destruction as one of the greatest Classic rock Albums Ever.[15]
•	In 2003, VH1 named Appetite for Destruction the 42nd Greatest Album of All Time.[16]
•	In 2002, Pitchfork Media ranked Appetite for Destruction 59th on their Top 100 Albums of the 1980s.[17]
•	It was ranked 18 in Spin magazine's "100 Greatest Albums, 1985-2005".[18]
•	Kerrang! magazine recently compiled a 100 Greatest Rock Albums Ever list of which Appetite for Destruction was ranked #1.[19]
•	In 2004 the album was voted number 1 by fans in Metal Hammer magazine's greatest albums of all time list.
•	Rolling Stone devoted their cover to the album's 20th Anniversary, July 2007.[20]
•	The album was ranked 32 on Rock Hall of Fame's 'definitive 200' album list, developed by the NARM, the National Association of Recording Merchandisers.[21]
•	Nike dedicated an SB Dunk (shoe design) to the album.
•	In 2006, Q magazine placed the album at #10 in its list of "40 Best Albums of the '80s".



Tracks: 

1.	"Welcome to the Jungle"  
2.	"It's So Easy"  
3.	"Nightrain"  
4.	"Out ta Get Me"  
5.	"Mr. Brownstone"  
6.	"Paradise City"  
7.	"My Michelle"  
8.	"Think About You"  
9.	"Sweet Child o' Mine"  
10.	"You're Crazy"  
11.	"Anything Goes"  
12.	"Rocket Queen"








Lies  1988


Lies, aka G N' R Lies, is the second album by the band Guns N' Roses, released in 1988. According to the RIAA, it has sold over five million copies in the United States.


The first four tracks consist of the previously released EP Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide. The last four songs were recorded with acoustic guitars. They were written and recorded in only a few studio sessions[2] (with the exception of "You're Crazy," which appeared in an alternate version on Appetite for Destruction), which producer Mike Clink called "one of those magical rock and roll history moments."[2]

In later interviews, Axl Rose stated that while he loved how the band sounded on the last four songs, he hated the sound of his voice. Rose recalled that his voice was husky and scratchy from the band's lengthy touring at the time, and if he could he would have re-recorded his vocal tracks in a separate session.[2]

"You're Crazy" had been released previously on the band's debut album, Appetite for Destruction and was now recorded as originally intended.[3] "Mama Kin" is an Aerosmith song, which originally appeared on the band's 1973 debut album. "Nice Boys" is a Rose Tattoo cover from their 1980 album Rose Tattoo. "Used to Love Her" and "Patience" were written by Izzy Stradlin'. Slash stated that "People think it's about one of our old girlfriends, but it's actually about Axl's dog."


Tracks: 

1.	"Reckless Life"  
2.	"Nice Boys" (originally by Rose Tattoo)
3.	"Move to the City"  
4.	"Mama Kin" (originally by Aerosmith)
5.	"Patience"  
6.	"Used to Love Her"  
7.	"You're Crazy" (acoustic)
8.	"One in a Million"






Use Your Illusion I 1991


Use Your Illusion I is the third studio album by hard rock band Guns N' Roses. It was the first of two albums released in conjunction with the Use Your Illusion Tour, the other named Use Your Illusion II, thus they are sometimes seen together as a double album. The album debuted at #2 on the Billboard charts, selling 685,000 copies in its first week, behind Use Your Illusion II's first week sales of 770,000.[2] Use Your Illusion I as sold 5,502,000 units in the U.S. as of 2010 according to Nielsen SoundScan.[3] Each of the Use Your Illusion albums have been certified 7x platinum by the RIAA.


The Use Your Illusion albums represent a turning point in the sound of Guns N' Roses. Although they did not abandon the hard rock tendencies vivid in their first album, Appetite for Destruction, Use Your Illusion I demonstrated, for the first time, more or less, elements of blues, classical music, and country. For example, lead singer Axl Rose plays the piano on several tracks of both albums. In addition, with the Use Your Illusion Tour, both the music and stage presence of the band became more theatrical, in the tradition of progressive rock. This fact is evidenced by the numerous music videos produced in conjunction with these albums. Use Your Illusion I contains two of the three songs, "November Rain" and "Don't Cry," whose videos are generally held by fans to be part of a trilogy. The third song, "Estranged," is on Use Your Illusion II.

A number of songs on the album were written in the band's early days, but were not included on Appetite for Destruction but can be found on the popular bootlegged so-called 'Rumbo Tapes', an album of early demo tapes. "Back Off Bitch," "Bad Obsession," "Don't Cry" (referred to by Rose during the ensuing tour as 'the first song [they] ever wrote together'), "November Rain," and "The Garden" are considered part of this group. There is also a cover of "Live and Let Die."

Besides stylistic differences, another new aspect seen in Use Your Illusion I was longer songs. "November Rain," an epic ballad, is nearly 9 minutes long, and "Coma" is more than 10 minutes long. Another change was the presence of tracks sung by other members of the band (even though certain songs from Appetite for Destruction and G N' R Lies featured other members on duet vocals): lead vocals on "Dust N' Bones," "You Ain't The First" and "Double Talkin' Jive" are performed by rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin (on Use Your Illusion II, Stradlin' sings "14 Years" and bassist Duff McKagan sings "So Fine").

The band had some difficulty achieving the final sound of the album, especially during the mixing stages of the production of both albums. According to a 1991 cover story by Rolling Stone magazine, after mixing 21 tracks with engineer/producer Bob Clearmountain, the band decided to scrap the mixes and start from scratch with engineer Bill Price of Sex Pistols fame.[5]

Slash has stated that most of the material for the album was written on acoustics in a couple of nights at his house (the Walnut House), after several months of non-productivity.


Tracks: 

1.	"Right Next Door to Hell"  
2.	"Dust N' Bones"  
3.	"Live and Let Die" (Paul McCartney cover)
4.	"Don't Cry" (original version)
5.	"Perfect Crime"  
6.	"You Ain't the First"  
7.	"Bad Obsession"  
8.	"Back Off Bitch"  
9.	"Double Talkin' Jive"  
10.	"November Rain"  
11.	"The Garden"  
12.	"Garden of Eden"  
13.	"Don't Damn Me"  
14.	"Bad Apples"  
15.	"Dead Horse"  
16.	"Coma"  









Use Your Illusion II  1991


Use Your Illusion II is the fourth studio album by hard rock band Guns N' Roses. It was one of two albums released in conjunction with the Use Your Illusion Tour, and as a result the two albums are sometimes seen together as a double album. Bolstered by the lead single "You Could Be Mine," Use Your Illusion II was the slightly more popular of the two albums, selling 770,000 copies in its first week and debuting at #1 on the U.S. charts, ahead of Use Your Illusion I's first week sales of 685,000.[1] Use Your Illusion II is Guns N' Roses best selling album in the U.S., having sold 5,587,000 units as of March 2010 according the Nielsen SoundScan.[2] Both albums have been certified 7x Platinum by the RIAA.[3] It was also #1 on the UK Albums Chart for a single week.

The Use Your Illusion albums were a stylistic turning point for Guns N' Roses (see Use Your Illusion I for discussion). In addition, Use Your Illusion II is more political than most of their previous work, with songs like "Civil War," a cover of Bob Dylan's "Knockin' on Heaven's Door," and "Get in the Ring" dealing respectively with the topics of violence, law enforcement, and media bias. The thematic material deals less with drug use than previous Guns N' Roses albums. Use Your Illusion I featured mostly songs pre-Appetite For Destruction (with notable exceptions) while Use Your Illusion II featured more tracks written during and after Appetite For Destruction.

The band's cover of "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" had been released almost a year earlier on the Days of Thunder soundtrack. "Civil War" was debuted at the 1990 Farm Aid concert. That concert also featured Guns N' Roses playing a cover of the U.K. Subs song "Down on the Farm." "Civil War" was released as a B-side to "You Could Be Mine." The song was also released on a charity album called Nobody's Child. The album was a fund-raising compilation for Romanian orphans.

The first single, "You Could Be Mine," was released in July 1991 and is featured in the film Terminator 2: Judgment Day. The song was not released on the actual T2 soundtrack. The band also filmed a video featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger in character as the Terminator, and a loose plot featuring Axl Rose himself as its "target." The original subject matter of the song dealt with Izzy Stradlin's failed relationship with his ex-girlfriend Angela Nicoletti.

The Use Your Illusion albums can be taken as a single cohesive work, and certain elements of Use Your Illusion II underscore this intent. For instance, both albums have a version of the song "Don't Cry." Both albums also have one cover song; "Live and Let Die" by Paul McCartney (Use Your Illusion I) and "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" by Bob Dylan (Use Your Illusion II). Each of them also has at least one track sung by other members of the band: lead vocals on "So Fine" are performed by bassist Duff McKagan and the song was dedicated to Johnny Thunders, who died from a drug overdose before the recording of the album. Lead vocals on "14 Years" are performed by Izzy Stradlin (Izzy also sings "Dust N' Bones," "You Ain't The First" and "Double Talkin' Jive" on Use Your Illusion I).

The song "Get in the Ring" finds the band lashing out at a career's worth of critics and enemies. Among those referred to by name are editors of several entertainment magazines.

"My World," the final track, was a surprise to a few members of the band. The track was essentially an Axl Rose solo, and most of the members did not even know it existed until the album was released.

To achieve the final mix of the album, the band had some difficulty, especially during the mixing stages of the production of both albums. According to a 1991 cover story by Rolling Stone magazine, after mixing 21 tracks with engineer/producer Bob Clearmountain, the band fired Clearmountain when he tried to replace the real drums with samples, according to Slash from his biography, "one afternoon we discovered a notepad of his where he'd notated all the drum samples he planed to mix in over Matt's drum tracks" the band decided to scrap the mixes and start from scratch with engineer Bill Price of Sex Pistols fame.[4]

Slash has stated that most of the material for the album was written on acoustics in a couple of nights at his house (the Walnut House), after several months of non-productivity.


Tracks: 

1.	"Civil War"  
2.	"14 Years"  
3.	"Yesterdays"  
4.	"Knockin' on Heaven's Door" (Bob Dylan cover)
5.	"Get in the Ring"  
6.	"Shotgun Blues"  
7.	"Breakdown"  
8.	"Pretty Tied Up"  
9.	"Locomotive"  
10.	"So Fine"  
11.	"Estranged"  
12.	"You Could Be Mine"  
13.	"Don't Cry" (alternate lyrics)
14.	"My World"  









The Spaghetti Incident 1993



"The Spaghetti Incident?" is the fifth album by hard rock band Guns N' Roses. The album is unique for the band, consisting entirely of cover versions, mostly of punk and glam rock songs of the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Many of the tracks were recorded with original Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin during the Use Your Illusion I and II sessions and then were later re-recorded by Gilby Clarke.[2] Those tracks were previously intended to be included in a combined Use Your Illusion album, consisting of three (or possibly even four) discs, instead of the two separate discs they ended up being.

In 1992, the band prepared to release the leftover cover tracks as an EP, with then-Guns N' Roses guitarist Gilby Clarke replacing Stradlin's guitar tracks. They later decided on making the album a full release and recorded several more tracks for it. [3]

Then-Guns N' Roses bassist Duff McKagan sings on many of the album's tracks and Hanoi Rocks frontman Michael Monroe appears on "Ain't It Fun" as a guest vocalist. Izzy Stradlin and Axl Rose also wanted the record to feature a cover of the Hanoi Rocks song "Beer And a Cigarette", but Slash couldn't learn to play the song properly.

This was the last Guns N' Roses album to feature lead guitarist Slash, bassist Duff McKagan and drummer Matt Sorum as well as the only album to feature Gilby Clarke.

"The Spaghetti Incident?" debuted at #4 on the Billboard 200, selling about 190,000 albums in its first week of release, significantly less than their previous releases.

The title is an inside joke referring to a food fight between Axl Rose and Steven Adler involving spaghetti. Much was made of this food fight during Adler's resolution lawsuit with the band in 1993, in which Adler's attorney referred to it as "the Spaghetti Incident". The meaning was explained by drummer Matt Sorum in a 1994 interview with Much Music and confirmed by Slash in his autobiography, Slash.

During a discussion between Rose, Slash and the album's cover designer in the "Making of Estranged" video, it is made clear that the correct form of the title is within quotation marks and with a question mark.

The album was released shortly after the conclusion of the Use Your Illusion World Tour which had lasted until mid 1993. The vinyl copy of the album was released in clear plastic orange, and the CD was released with color designs and markings: black concentric rings around the outer edge, and an indigo and blood-red depiction of an evil jack-o-lantern eating spaghetti out of a hollowed-out, decapitated head in the center, which would later be changed (in the 1997 reissue) to simply a plain silver colored CD.

Despite protests from Rose's bandmates, an unadvertised cover of Charles Manson's song "Look at Your Game, Girl" was included on the album at Rose's request. The CD release gave no track number to the song—it could only be found by listening through the dead air left after the last documented track on the album, on track 12. In early 2000, Rose said that he would remove "Look at Your Game, Girl" from re-issues of the album, citing that critics and popular media misinterpreted his interest in Manson and that a misunderstanding public no longer deserved to hear it.[5] However, the song is still present on the album, and in recent re-issues, "Look at Your Game, Girl" has been added as a separate, 13th track.

The first track, "Since I Don't Have You" was performed a few times as an intro to songs "Sweet Child O' Mine" or "Paradise City" in 1992 and 1993. "Down on the Farm" was performed once in its full length during the 1990 performance in the Farm Aid IV show it was also played a few times during the Chinese Democracy Tour in 2006. The band performed "Hair of the Dog" once in 1988, and another time in 1990, during the only known GAK (band featuring members of Guns, Metallica and Skid Row) performance. "Attitude" was performed frequently during the Use Your Illusion world tour, and Duff still plays it in Loaded and his solo career. Other songs played live by him are: "New Rose", "You Can't Put your Arm Around a Memory" and "Raw Power". The others songs were never played live by Guns N' Roses, but might have been played by some of the members' side projects, like Matt Sorum's supergroup Camp Freddy, that plays cover versions of famous songs.

The album has seen mixed reviews since its release. Rolling Stone magazine gave the album a 3.5 out of 5 stars. A reasonable score, but the lowest score the magazine has given to any Guns 'N Roses album. The users on rollingstone.com gave the album only 3 stars, seeing it as "mediocre." Allmusic.com didn't seem supportive about the album either, saying "the album lacks righteous anger and rage."


Tracks: 

1.	"Since I Don't Have You" (Vocals by Axl Rose)
2.	"New Rose" (Vocals by Duff Mckagan)
3.	"Down on the Farm" (Vocals by Rose)
4.	"Human Being" (Vocals by Rose)
5.	"Raw Power" (Vocals by Mckagan & Rose)
6.	"Ain't It Fun" (Vocals by Rose & Michael Monroe)
7.	"Buick Makane (Big Dumb Sex)" (Vocals by Slash & Rose)
8.	"Hair of the Dog" (Vocals by Rose)
9.	"Attitude" (Vocals by Mckagan)
10.	"Black Leather" (Vocals by Rose)
11.	"You Can't Put Your Arms Around a Memory" (Vocals by Mckagan)
12.	"I Don't Care About You" (Vocals by Rose)









Chinese Democracy 2008


Chinese Democracy is the sixth studio album by American rock band Guns N' Roses, released in November 2008 on Geffen Records. It is the band's first studio album since "The Spaghetti Incident?" (1993), released exactly 15 years before Chinese Democracy, and their first album of original studio material since the simultaneous release of Use Your Illusion I and II in September 1991. Despite debuting at number three on the Billboard 200 and being certified Platinum by the RIAA, Chinese Democracy received generally mixed to positive reviews from music critics and undersold expectations.


Guns N' Roses began to write and record new music around 1995-1996. Bassist Duff McKagan is quoted as saying, "[the] band was so stoned at that point that nothing got finished".[7] Guitarist Slash has criticized Axl Rose for making the band seem "like a dictatorship".[8] Slash quit the band in 1996, with drummer Matt Sorum and McKagan both leaving soon afterwards.[9] Slash was replaced by Nine Inch Nails touring guitarist Robin Finck, ex-Replacements bassist Tommy Stinson replaced McKagan, and Josh Freese joined as the drummer. In early 1998, the band — which comprised Rose, Finck, Stinson and Freese along with long-time Guns N' Roses associate Paul Tobias, keyboardists Dizzy Reed and Chris Pitman — began recording at Rumbo Recorders, a state-of-the-art studio in the San Fernando Valley where Guns N' Roses had partially recorded parts for their debut album, Appetite for Destruction. During this time, Geffen paid Rose $1 million to try to finish the album, with a further $1 million if he handed it in to them by March 1, 1999.[8]

In 2000, Rose hired avant-garde metal guitarist Buckethead, and drummer Bryan "Brain" Mantia to replace the departed Freese. Later on in 2000, Finck rejoined the band as the third guitarist. On January 1, 2001, Guns N' Roses played their first concert in over seven years at the House of Blues in Las Vegas, Nevada. This was followed by their headlining performance at Rock in Rio III on January 14, 2001 in front of 190,000 people.[10] On August 29, 2002, the band made a surprise visit to the MTV Video Music Awards, playing old songs along with a new "Madagascar" to an ecstatic New York crowd.

Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal replaced the departed guitarist Buckethead and touring resumed in May 2006, with Bumblefoot adding guitar tracks to the album between legs of touring throughout the year. Drummer Frank Ferrer replaced departed Brain in July and added his drum tracks to the album. On December 14, 2006, Rose published an open letter to the band's fans on their website, claiming that remaining tour's shows were taking up time the band needed to finish recording Chinese Democracy. Rose also revealed that the band had parted company with their manager Merck Mercuriadis, implying that the reason the album was not released in 2006 was Mercuriadis's fault (many times throughout 2006, Rose had said the album would be released that year). In the letter, Rose announced a tentative release date of March 6, 2007 for the album; however, the album was once again delayed.[12][13]

On February 22, 2007, the band's road manager, Del James, announced that all recording for the album had been completed and it was in the mixing process, James stated that there was no release date for the album but that things appeared to be moving on after a number of delays.[14]

On September 14, 2008, "Shackler's Revenge" was released on the music video game Rock Band 2, making it the band's first official release of new material since 1999's "Oh My God".[15] "Shackler's Revenge" was shortly followed by another release, "If the World", which, according to Rolling Stone, plays during the closing credits of Body of Lies. A firm release date was announced by Billboard in October, 2008, set for November 23.[16] In the US, the retail release is sold exclusively through Best Buy. The first single from the album, "Chinese Democracy", was released on October 22, 2008,[17] followed by the second single "Better" on November 17, 2008. The album was released as downloadable content for the Rock Band series on April 14, 2009.


Tracks: 

1.	"Chinese Democracy"  
2.	"Shackler's Revenge"  
3.	"Better"  
4.	"Street of Dreams"  
5.	"If the World"  
6.	"There Was a Time"  
7.	"Catcher in the Rye"  
8.	"Scraped"  
9.	"Riad n' the Bedouins"  
10.	"Sorry"  
11.	"I.R.S."  
12.	"Madagascar"  
13.	"This I Love"  
14.	"Prostitute"










Live Era ’87 – ’93  1999


Live Era: '87–'93 is a double live album by hard rock band Guns N' Roses, released on November 23, 1999. The album was the first official Guns N' Roses release since "The Spaghetti Incident?" in 1993. Former guitarist Slash notes that the album is "not pretty and there are a lot of mistakes, but this is Guns N' Roses, not the fucking Mahavishnu Orchestra. It's as honest as it gets."

The dates and locations of the tracks are not revealed in the liner notes, and are only referred to simply as being "Recorded across the universe between 1987 and 1993". However, the majority of the tracks on the two CDs are believed to be sourced from the extensive Use Your Illusion Tour of 1991-1993.[2]

Axl Rose is alleged to have communicated with former Guns N' Roses members Slash and Duff McKagan, through intermediaries only, in selecting the track list. In an interview Slash stated that "the live album was one of the easiest projects we all worked on. I didn't actually see Axl, but we communicated via the powers that be."[3]

Matt Sorum, the band's drummer from 1990–1997, and Gilby Clarke, rhythm guitarist in the years 1992-1994, are not credited as band members in the liner notes, but as "additional musicians". It is suspected that both are not credited as "main band members" due to their sour departure from Axl Rose and the band. Original drummer Steven Adler, who plays sporadically on the album, is credited as a "main band member", instead.

Two popular live songs "Live and Let Die" and "Civil War" which were both played heavily during the Use Your Illusion Tour are omitted from this release, while songs that were played to a much lesser extent on the tour ("Pretty Tied Up" and "Move to the City") are included.

The Japanese and vinyl versions of the album contain a rare performance of "Coma", Guns N' Roses' longest song to date.

The song "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" was performed and recorded at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert and was previously released on "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" single.


Tracks: 



Disc 1 


1.	"Nightrain" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
2.	"Mr. Brownstone" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
3.	"It's So Easy" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
4.	"Welcome to the Jungle" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
5.	"Dust N' Bones" (from Use Your Illusion I, in 1991)
6.	"My Michelle" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
7.	"You're Crazy" (from G N' R Lies, in 1988)
8.	"Used to Love Her" (from G N' R Lies, in 1988)
9.	"Patience" (from G N' R Lies, in 1988)
10.	"It's Alright" (Black Sabbath cover)
11.	"November Rain" (from Use Your Illusion I, in 1991)




Disc 2 


1.	"Out ta Get Me" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
2.	"Pretty Tied Up" (from Use Your Illusion II, in 1991)
3.	"Yesterdays" (from Use Your Illusion II, in 1991)
4.	"Move to the City" (from Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide, in 1986)
5.	"You Could Be Mine" (from Use Your Illusion II, in 1991)
6.	"Rocket Queen" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
7.	"Sweet Child O' Mine" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)
8.	"Knockin' on Heaven's Door" (Bob Dylan cover from Use Your Illusion II, in 1991)
9.	"Don't Cry" (from Use Your Illusion I, in 1991)
10.	"Estranged" (from Use Your Illusion II, in 1991)
11.	"Paradise City" (from Appetite for Destruction, in 1987)









Greatest Hits  2004



Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, released on March 23, 2004. The album reached number one on the UK Albums Chart[1] and number three on the Billboard 200 chart.[2] Despite some criticisms towards the track listing by fans, and by Axl Rose and ex-Guns N' Roses members, who filed a joint lawsuit to try to prevent the release of the album,[3] the album has proven a popular seller, selling 4.5 million copies in the United States to date. Greatest Hits became Guns N' Roses' second-longest charting album in their homeland (after Appetite for Destruction), finally dropping out of the chart in November 2006 following a 138-week stay but re-entered at 132 on the Billboard 200 Chart on December 4, 2009.[4] Universal Records' response to Rose's opposition to the record was that he had been given adequate time to supply them with a record but had failed to do so, and so they had produced their own Guns N' Roses record instead.


Although the album received mainly positive reviews and sold well, fans criticized the track listing citing lack of some popular songs and too many covers, as reason for complaint. Axl Rose immediately tried to block the release by suing Geffen, saying it would ruin his focus on Chinese Democracy and if he were to get the album finished and released sooner, The Greatest Hits album would be selling more, leaving the album unnoticed. Former bandmates Slash and Duff McKagan helped Rose file the lawsuit against Geffen, although they did not speak to each other in person. This failed and the album was released under Geffen Record's rights.


Tracks: 


1.	"Welcome to the Jungle"  
2.	"Sweet Child o' Mine"  
3.	"Patience"  
4.	"Paradise City"  
5.	"Knockin' on Heaven's Door" (Bob Dylan cover)
6.	"Civil War"  
7.	"You Could Be Mine"  
8.	"Don't Cry" (original version)
9.	"November Rain"  
10.	"Live and Let Die" (Wings cover)
11.	"Yesterdays"  
12.	"Ain't It Fun" (The Dead Boys cover)
13.	"Since I Don't Have You" (The Skyliners cover)
14.	"Sympathy for the Devil" (The Rolling Stones cover)






Enjoy G N’ R  :)
