File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:06:47

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 7291 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.12 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps



Shakira - Hips Don't Lie (Live-FIFA 2010 Word Cup Concert) (Xvid-2nafish) 1080p


This video has no extra logos or titles.


"Hips Don't Lie" is a Latin pop song based in a salsa  and Cumbia  performed by Colombian singer Shakira and Haitian  rapper  Wyclef Jean. The song is a remake of Jean's 2004 song "Dance Like This" (which featured Claudette Ortiz and appeared on the soundtrack to Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights) and takes some of its instrumentation from Jerry Rivera's "Amores Como El Nuestro" (which was also used for Lord Tariq and Peter Gunz's hit single "Déjà Vu (Uptown Baby)") and lyrics from Dominican composer Luis Dias' "Carnaval (Baila en la Calle)". Shakira wrote some parts of the new version, and co-produced the song. The song was released as the second single from Shakira's second English album Oral Fixation Vol. 2 in 2006. "Hips Don't Lie" became a global success, topping the charts in at least 55 countries. It became Shakira and Wyclef's first (and to date, only) number-one single in the U.S. The song became one of the world's best-selling singles of all time and one of the hottest songs of summer 2006. In the UK, this was Wyclef's third number-one hit (after The Fugees' "Killing Me Softly" and "Ready Or Not") and Shakira's first. In many other countries, it became Shakira's second number one, (following the massive success of "Whenever, Wherever") and her third number-one single in other countries such as Australia and Netherlands (after "Underneath Your Clothes"). An international remix was released indigitally and produced by Boston's DJ Niso International on April 21, 2006. The song was recorded by Gustavo Celis. To date, it is the Biggest Selling Single Worldwide, of the 21st Century.

The Spanish version of the song is called "Será, Será (Las Caderas No Mienten)" which translates to "What Will Be Will Be (Hips Don't Lie)". It was released in Latin America, although some radios preferred to play the original version. This version has different verses and a different chorus, whilst the rap by Wyclef Jean is kept in English. The Fray has covered this song in Jo Whiley's live lounge.

"Hips Don't Lie" was the most successful song of 2006 worldwide and it is one of a few songs in history to reach #1 in almost every charting country and territory around the world. It reached number one on the USA Hot 100, Pop 100 and Hot Latin Tracks, in Australia, Belgium, Bolivia, Canada  (on the Digital Chart), Czech Republic, Europe, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Latin America, Lebanon, Netherlands, New Zealand, Romania, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, and other countries to date; the only countries where the song didn't reach the top position, but reached the top ten are Austria, Canada (on the Canadian Airplay Chart), China, Finland, Norway and Russia peaking at number two and in Denmark peaking at number six. In Taiwan, the song peaked at number eleven, while it reached the top position on the Japan International Singles. The only nation worldwide where the song didn't reach a Top 20 position was in Sweden, where it peaked at number forty-five due to its late October release on the charts.

"Hips Don't Lie" was the number-two year-end song in the Netherlands; it also finished number three in Germany and the UK, while in Peru it was number four and in USA it was number five.

Worldwide, It is the Biggest Selling Single of the 21st Century.

On July 9, 2006 Shakira performed "Hips Don't Lie" at the World Cup Final in Berlin, Germany, to a worldwide audience of one billion people.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/