 http://bayimg.com/BaNONAACN

Demon Seed (1977) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075931/

Demon Seed is a 1977 American science fiction-horror film starring Julie Christie and directed by Donald Cammell. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Dean Koontz, who updated his novel in 1997. The original 1973 novel was written as a first-person account by the Susan character.

 Julie Christie ...  Susan Harris 
 Fritz Weaver ...  Alex Harris 
 Gerrit Graham ...  Walter Gabler 
 Berry Kroeger ...  Petrosian 
 Lisa Lu ...  Soong Yen 
 Larry J. Blake ...  Cameron 
 John O'Leary ...  Royce 
 Alfred Dennis ...  Mokri 
 Davis Roberts ...  Warner 
 Patricia Wilson ...  Mrs. Talbert 
 E. Hampton Beagle ...  Night Operator 
 Michael Glass ...  Technician 
 Barbarao ...  Technician (as Barbara O. Jones) 
 Dana Laurita ...  Amy 
 Monica MacLean ...  Joan Kemp 

1977 was a watershed year for science fiction cinema. George Lucas' seminal film Star Wars was released in May and by the end of the year Steven Spielberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind was also playing in theaters. These movies would go on to become two of the most profitable and crowd-pleasing films ever produced in Hollywood and they would inevitably overshadow another science fiction film that had made waves a few months before both of these money-making hits - Donald Cammell's Demon Seed (1977).

The film features the British actress Julie Christie as a psychologist involved in an unhappy marriage with a brilliant scientist (Fritz Weaver) who has created a remarkable advanced supercomputer (voiced by Robert Vaughn) known as Proteus IV. When the couple decides to separate Julie Christie finds herself alone in their house which has been equipped with every modern convenience imaginable including a powerful home computer, complex security system and a headless robot able to perform various household tasks. Christie's domestic solitude is shattered when the computer decides to imprison her at home and force her to give birth to its offspring.

Demon Seed is a strange combination of science fiction drama and home invasion thriller with some impressive visual effects for its time. Unlike Star Wars or Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Cammell's film took a serious approach to its futuristic storyline and the filmâ