The game begins with a very peaceful evening in the Mushroom Kingdom where Mario sees flying crystals in the sky. The next day, he shows the crystal to his friends. Kamek drops notes from Bowser to the crew that contains both an apology for doing bad deeds and an invitation to his castle for a feast. Mario gathers up Luigi, Toad, Yoshi, Peach, Daisy, Wario, and Waluigi to go to Bowser's castle. Once they get there, as one may suspect, they notice that it was a trick. Bowser and Junior trapped them in a cage and uses their powers to capture and shrink all eight. The miniature eight wake up outside and go on a quest to find the Sky Crystals to restore themselves to normal and defeat Bowser. The chosen avatar must collect more stars than the other players by reaching them in a board game-like environment. At the end of 10 turns, the player must have more stars than all other players. If two players are tied, then whoever has more coins wins. The group first visits a Wiggler's garden, where they must save the inhabitants from a giant piranha plant. The group decides (as in each succeeding level) who the savior should be, by collecting stars. Once the main player has enough stars, the player battles the piranha plant by throwing exploding seeds into its mouth. The group receives a sky crystal to show Wiggler's appreciation. Afterwards, they move to Toadette's music room, equipped with many musical instruments. Toadette states that she is being bothered by a giant hammer brother which destroyed many of her instruments. After the main character wins this, the player must copy the Hammer Bro's drum pattern on timpani drums to send magical musical notes to defeat the hammer bro. Toadette gives the group a sky crystal for their help. Next, the group travels to jungle, this time inhabited by a normal size Donkey Kong who has been trapped in stone. The group defeats Dry Bones to free Donkey Kong. Diddy Kong, who had been panicking, leaves the group another sky crystal before following Donkey Kong who runs off with a thought bubble above his head showing a piece of meat with a bone through it. The group then moves to Kamek's library, where a Koopa Troopa tells the group of how his grandfather was trapped in a book by Kamek. The player flies through a hallway of flying books and enchanted bookcases to Kamek, where the player must shoot him with an ink pen. When the grandfather Koopa is restored, he hands the characters a sky crystal. Then, the group enters Bowser's pinball machine. After reaching Bowser, he threatens to shrink them even smaller, but Donkey Kong appears and smashes his shrinking staff. All characters are returned to their normal sizes, and the player fights Bowser, who uses a gadget called the Megamorph Belt to turn into a spinning top made out of blocks, then a giant cube, then a blocked snake. He is defeated, and he drops a sky crystal. They all combine to create a Nintendo DS. Then the group asks Bowser to play it with them, to which he agrees. The final shot of the FMV sequence is the group, Bowser, and Baby Bowser grinning. The credits then roll.







enjoy it