TOO SLOW rapishare:files/282327690/uQuruan_fixed-working-100_.rar
Salaam all brother and sisters!
Thank you for donwloading.
This is a small eid gift from me to you(user id: onecoolmedia). uQuran is a very simple and a use full 
application.It lets you recite, listen , transliterate and translate quran in lots of languages.

If you just want only to recite quran you will only need uquran setup".jar" -get it from here-,!
Installation of full pack you will need to follow some simple steps! You would need to have a 
uncompressing tool such as winrar(recommended). If you do't have winrar goto filehippo.com and
search the kyeword winrar, and install it to PC.

Its very important to follow instruction to install fullpack.You would need to have 400mb free
memory to install it. but after installation it will be down to less than 180mb.
note: this application is compatible with almost any touch screan phone which sipports JAVA MIDP 2.0

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------9 easy detailed Steps you need to follow(be patient)--------
---
1:- Connect phone to your PC as mass-data storage.

2:- Copy "uQuran_FIX-working-100%.rar" file to your card (eg: f:)

3:- Unpack or extract uQuran_full-working-100%.rar to memory card
                         Extraction may take a while, (file inpack are: uquran setup, uqurandata and 
                         new_uQurandata.rar)

4:- Disconnect device from PC and install signed uquran.jar from setup folder. After installation goto 
    menu>Run Diagnose and close it. next goto menue>option, from the box select Audio format as "AMR"
 
5:- Now goto al-fathiha and click to right left speak icon or menue>play recitation, if the audio plays, 
    you are almost done. If not install unsigned version.!(both the apps do't plays you al-faathiha 
    it mean your phone is not 
    compatable with java playback)

6:- When you are done step 5 now reconnect your device to computer. And extract or unpack new_uQuruanDATA.rar directly 
    to your card. It may ask to right over existing files, go ahead and click ok, it wont remove any existing files,. only
    files be added. This may take about 15 to 30 mins to extract hole audio contents.

7:- Now delete new_uquranData.rar. and Disconnect device.

8:- This is a very important step! Close any unwanted process running on your phone(like filemanager etc).! and 
    open uQuruan from your device. It will automatically run a diagnose based the change we made on E:uQurandata !
    The new diagnose will take about 5 to 10 mins or more. Pleas be patient it wont diagnose again.

9:- Now try to play other (Surat)quran from application.
---
note: You may have feel the phone is bit slow.No worries it will be back to normal 
speed after you restart "uQuruan" after auto diagnose and playback.

Above steps are details for beggners, and those who need details, in short: first you will need to extract 
uQuran_full-working-100%.rar directly on memory card, install uQuran and run a diagnose.Next unrar new_uQuranData.rar 
over existing uQuranData and now run application and wait till auto diagnos is over.


Insha allah you are done.. If you have any questions, feel free to comment on wall or just PM me to raaidh@ovi.com 
waiting for sweet comments..xD
-regards-