  
http://www.torrentday.com  :  The Hottest XxX Site On the Net!



Enjoy =)         www  TorrentDay  Com

...................................NFO:....................................

.                    
         
                
                   
                  
            
            
                    
                   
                          
                         
     



Gape.Em.All.2.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-VBT




Screenshot:
 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=6w7bq_GapEmAl.jpg 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=lps2r_GepEmAll.jpg







Cast: Eva Black, Jane Darling, Janet Alfana, Nikki Anderson, Sheila Rossi, Simonne Peach

Christoph Clark's anthology Gape 'Em All was such a mega-seller, that we decided to plow even deeper into his massive collection of movies in search of more Euro-depravity featuring the widespread, stretched assholes of Europe's prettiest and arguably most talented lasses... and their delicious asses. The action ranges from a five-guy / five-girl orgy to an intimate one-on-one with Sheila Rossi and Christoph Clark. The settings vary from the elegant -- a drawing room where Janet Alfano, Kristine and Priscilla mix and match with Jean-Yves Le Castel, Robert Rosenberg and Erik Everhard, to the sleazy -- a dingy machine shop where Jane Darling has her way with Kid Jamaica, Franco Roccaforte and Le Castel. In one of the "gape-a-sodes", David Perry and Ian Scott walk in to find Sandra on all fours with a note on her ass inscribed "Fuck me, I am ready. -- Your friend, Clark." With more than 30 outstanding European performers, including Jane Darling and a young Manuel Ferrara, Gape 'Em All 2 showcases the gape highlights culled from 10+ years of Christoph's award winning releases including the Euro Domination, Euro Angels Hardball and Angel Perverse series. Fans of anal sex with a Euro twist and gape aficionados in general will get their fill and then some. This isn't some randomly assembled compilation; this is a carefully orchestrated medley of gape classics, intended for true admirers of sophisticated Euro dames and Clark's masterful ability to induce anal nirvana, a state of total openness.Christoph Clark's Gape 'Em All 2 is a double-disc DVD with photo galleries, cum-shot recap, trailers, cast list and filmographies.