The Dave Brubeck Quartet - Time In 
Year: 1966
Label: Columbia Records
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Dave Brubeck has long served as proof that creative jazz and popular success can go together. Although critics who had championed him when he was unknown seemed to scorn him when the Dave Brubeck Quartet became a surprise success, in reality Brubeck never watered down or altered his music in order to gain a wide audience. Creative booking (being one of the first groups to play regularly on college campuses) and a bit of luck resulted in great popularity, and Dave Brubeck remains one of the few household names in jazz.

Time In, issued in 1965, was the last of pianist and composer Dave Brubeck's "Time" recordings, and one of his most musically adventurous . Gone are the moody, silky textures and glissando moves of Time Out or Time Further Out. In fact, of all the "Time" recordings, this is the least commercial and, in places, almost hard bop-oriented among them. This set goes beyond the entire West Coast idea as well. That's not to say there are no ballads -- "Softly, William, Softly" is one of the most gorgeous ballads Brubeck ever composed, with a memorable solo by Paul Desmond, who plays a slow, bluesy articulation over the pianist's augmented harmonic changes. But there's so much more. 

Though not as adventurous in time signature explorations as the other recordings the classic Brubeck Quartet made in their series of "Time" recordings, this album is nonetheless a sublime gem. On this session, one of the most cohesive groups in the history of jazz exalts in its ability to swing mightily while retaining an intimate, hushed atmosphere. Dave's compositions, while seemingly simple compared to earlier pieces like "Strange Meadowlark" and "Unsquare Dance", and the later "Crescent City Stomp", belie the group's deftness at negotiating the considerable challenge of transforming the simple to the sublime. On "Softly, William, Softly" and "Forty Days", two of Brubeck's most beautiful themes, Desmond carves out solos so perfect, each note so carefully chosen and executed, yet so bursting with pure spontaneity, that they stand alongside anything composed, edited and honed by the best of jazz composers. It sounds so effortless it's easy for a casual listener to either write it off as facile or assume it had been worked out in advance. Neither is true. What is true is that this is a beautiful, overlooked masterpiece which I have come back to time and again since first owning it on LP 35 years ago. It never fails to satisfy. One of the most beautiful and significant works of art I've ever encountered. ~ Willie Sordillo "wsax"

The Dave Brubeck Quartet - Time In Tracklist: 
01 Lost Waltz 
02 Softly, William, Softly 
03 Time In 
04 40 Days 
05 Travellin' Blues 
06 He Done Her Wrong 
07 Lonesome 
08 Cassandra 