Playa Lifestyle (It's The Way We Be) - Oriental Pimpdaddys

The Oriental Pimpdaddys is a one-off hip-hop supergroup formed by Mirror man, Shaq man, Kitson and Ramshaw. The song Playa Lifestyle (It's The Way We Be) also features the Wakedaddy and some other poofs who joined in when recording.

Band Members
Ramshaw - Producer
Mirror Man - Vocals, Popper
Shaq Man - Vocals, Pimp
Kitson - Vocals

Suriya Man Ebenezer Gurung better know as “Shanikwua” or “Shaq Man” has always been interested in music his whole life being an 8th grade viola player by the age of 7.. He never heard of rap until the summer of 2002 when the rhythm and poetry of the likes of Dr. Dre and Snoop doggy Dawg blew his mind. He gave up all his dreams and hopes for classical music and started rapping with a small town crew know as Booty and the Chops (he was the Booty). His viola teacher was furious with his decision and said he could have been one of the greatest multi-instrumentalists of all time quoting “he could have had it all the women the fame and all else that comes with being a modern classical mastermind!” But there was no doubt Shaq Man was going all the way in the genre of rap. Booty and the Chops however had to break up for on of their rappers spontaneously combusted in the middle of a gig. This news was a shock to Suriya but still had high hopes for this industry. He then formed a two man band Shaq Man and the glass apprentice. This was his first time as a lead rapper and he and Da Gangster Smell as he was known made some fantastic songs but were unsuccessful in breaking the industry. This combo However was where he was first discovered by the likes of Jay-Z and Timberland. Instead of having an almost definite career in the industry he decided to sign with a no name label RamShaw™ Records headed by Aaron “ram daddy G” Ramshaw Together they teamed up with Irwin “The Mirror Man” Mirahmadi and Hugh “Kitson” Kitson to form the Oriental Pimpdaddys who were an instant success with their debut single “Playa Lifestyle (it’s the way we be)” a song based on the way they live their lives every day. So from a little nerdy classical viola player out of Umina Beach Australia we know have one of the biggest rap sensations of the century.