Source: TV

File Info:

Duration : 00:03:46

[Video]
Resolution : 640x480
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 774 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.09 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps


"How You Remind Me" is the first single from rock band Nickelback's 2001 album, Silver Side Up. A "Gold Mix" was made for latter editions of the single with the heavier guitars edited out of the chorus. This single would be the last rock single to be #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 until Maroon 5's song "Makes Me Wonder" went to #1 six years later.

The successful music video for "How You Remind Me" featured Nickelback playing a small venue with focus on a female audience member. Chad Kroeger admitted to disliking the idea of a small venue performance at first, opting for a bigger scale arena concert; however, he found the outcome of the video satisfying.

In the music video, Chad Kroeger plays a man whose girlfriend (played by model Annie Henley) has left him and is still haunted by her memory. He still feels strongly for her, and sees her everywhere he goes. Whenever he imagines her touch, he feels a warm memory, indicated by the change in lighting in the video. As the music video progresses, he starts to get over her. At the end, she shows up and apparently asks him to forgive her. This is what he had wanted all along, but suddenly he realizes that it isn't really what he wanted, and pushes her away. She is left with a broken heart and haunted by memories, as he had been at the beginning of the video.

The single was also released in that year, reaching the top of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 Singles Chart for 4 weeks (the last rock band to do so for the next six years, until Maroon 5's Makes Me Wonder topped the chart) while it topped both the Mainstream and Modern Rock charts for 13 weeks. Outside the U.S., the song became a worldwide hit, it was #4 on the UK Singles Chart, and #1 on the Irish Singles Chart. Due to the high sales, it was ranked as the top single of 2002 by Billboard magazine. In the UK, although not reaching the dizzy heights of #1 in the charts, "How You Remind Me" stayed in the singles chart top 20 for 3 months. Although two other singles followed from Silver Side Up, ("Too Bad", "Never Again"), they were very minor hits. This shows how successful a single "How You Remind Me" was, since the 6 million copies of Silver Side Up sold in the U.S., as well as around 10 million copies sold worldwide can be nearly single handedly credited to "How You Remind Me".

The song went on to rack up four Grammy Award nominations, four Billboard Awards, four Juno awards, and countless radio accreditations. "How You Remind Me" was the #1 Most Played Song of 2002 in the United States, across all formats, according to Billboard Monitor.

"How You Remind Me" was the #1 song on the Billboard's 2002 Year-End Hot 100 Singles Chart, Hot 100 Airplay Track Chart and Hot Top 40 Track.

VH1 ranked the song as the 16th Greatest Power Ballad.

The song was listed at #36 on Billboard's All Time Top 100.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/