Episode 1 Care and Protection 

Det Insp William Edward, "Jack", Frost alternates his police duties in Denton, a town in southern England near Bristol, with nursing his terminally-ill wife, Mary, leaving her in the care of nurse Shirley Fisher during the day. He is assigned a new Detective Constable, Clive Barnard, the nephew of the chief constable, to assist him in the investigation of a missing young child, Tracy Uphill. Barnard incidentally discovers that Frost has been awarded the George Cross not long before, for trying to disarm a man, being shot twice in the incident. While looking for the missing girl in local woods, the police uncover a man's severed arm chained to a locked strong box, which turns out to be empty. Checking with Sandy Longford, the editor of the local Denton Evening News, identifies it with the robbery of two men making a bank transfer that occurred 30 years previously. Soon after Frost interviews the survivor of the robbery, Ronald Garwood, he is found shot dead, by the same gun that killed the other man at the time. Frost's wife finally dies, at Denton Hospital, leaving him bemused and with just his work to occupy his life now. He correctly identifies the person behind the robbery and killings, though this involves him with another face-down with an armed person, and the girl is handed in to the hospital. 

Episode 2 Not with Kindness 

Frost's sister-in-law, Marion, has come over from the US for his wife's funeral, but her staying at his house leads to friction, and she returns home prematurely. Frost is assigned another assistant, Det Sgt Gilmore. As DCI Allen is still on medical leave, Denton's incoming cases fall to Frost. These are a missing teenage girl, Paula Bartlett, and the case of a woman who has been receiving threatening phone calls and suffering malicious pranks. In addition to the staff shortage, the police station's central heating has broken down. While investigating an unrelated complaint about vandalism in a churchyard, Frost discovers the body of the missing girl, and the ensuing murder hunt focuses on the paper round that she failed to complete on the morning of her disappearance and death. Frost cannot do much to protect Alex Compton, the victim of the threats, and that night the police are called to her house, to find it engulfed in flames, with her husband dead inside and her unconscious on the lawn. The fire officers detect the petrol that shows it to have been arson, and Frost has his own ideas on who started it. 

Episode 3 Conclusions 

A hit and run driver kills an elderly man, after deliberately drawing attention by wild driving on a residential estate. On the same evening the local private casino, the Sherwood Club, is violently robbed of its night's takings. It is immediately apparent that the car belongs to the local MP's son, Roger Massie, whom Frost has charged with motoring offences on more than one occasion, but whose excellent legal team have got him cleared. Frost gets a humorless new partner, DC Webster, to assist him in the investigations. Then a dangerous armed robber, Ronnie Eustace, seeks refuge in the Denton area, and a police officer is shot dead while on patrol. An armed hunt for the fugitive tracks him down, and he takes a pair of hostages, but Frost is persuaded to substitute himself for them. 
