Sonny Criss - The Complete Imperial Sessions CD 2 of 2 
Original Release Date: June 27, 2000 
CD-R: June 27, 2000 
Format: Original recording remastered 
Label: Blue Note Records 
Quality: mp3 cbr 320 kbps

In 1956 he signed to Imperial Records, based in New York, and recorded a series of "underground" classics namely, Jazz in U.S.A , Go Man and Sonny Criss Plays Cole Porter featuring pianist Sonny Clark. Capitol, the masters' owners, reissued them as a 2CD set on their Blue Note imprint in October, 2000. ~ Wikipedia.org

Editorial Reviews - Amazon.com
All things considered, the late alto player Sonny Criss didn't record as much as his talent warranted, especially in the early part of his career, and much of what he did record stayed out of print for too long. This double disc rectifies that situation, collecting all three 1956 albums originally made for the R&B label Imperial. Criss's forte was his ability to combine technical facility with emotional force, and his rather robust yet sharp tone remains distinct. His style seemed to balance elements of bebop and R&B adeptly. The first album here, Jazz U.S.A., features guitarist Barney Kessel on four songs (including a nifty "Alabamy Bound" and the original "Criss Cross") and pianist Kenny Drew. Go Man! boasts a stellar rhythm section of Sonny Clark, Leroy Vinnegar, and Lawrence Marable. Clark and Marable return with vibist Larry Bunker for the final all-Cole Porter album. Like, say, guitarist Grant Green, Criss was able to build a wonderful reputation without straying from the basic blues-bop-and-ballads template. Yet, in a way, that was also his best quality, always seeming to play exactly what you want to hear--and playing it with fluency and feeling. ~ Marc Greilsamer 

Underrecorded, undervalued, and underappreciated. Sonny Criss was a West Coast alto man that never garnered the recognition and acclaim that was his due. His life ended sadly in 1977. 

He was not considered an innovator in Bebop and was a study of Charlie Parker. In my humble opinion, Criss was just as nimble as Bird. Sonny played with Bird during his extended stay in Los Angeles. Contrary to the popular urban legend that no one showed up when Diz, Bird, and Bebop Invaded the West, Sonny Criss tells a different story, "I don't recall it that way because the club(Billy Berg's) was packed every night." Sonny's tone was as unique as it was bright, sharp, crisp, brilliant, and downright perfect. Can Bebop sound romantic? To hear these recordings the answer is a resounding, "YES." Man, this cat could SWING! And his Blue Jazz balladry was also quite STUNNING! 

When I pull this out of my collection and play these remarkable Imperial sides, I always say to myself, "this man is one of the reasons why I love jazz." 

Surely, this is one of my Desert Island Selections. 

No jazz collection is complete without this Double CD. One of the GREATEST archival recordings BLUE NOTE has to offer. A MUST OWN! 

SONNY CRISS LIVES!   Enjoy. ~ Unlucky Frank

Originally issued as:
(A) Jazz U.S.A (Imperial LP9006)
Personnel:
Sonny Criss (alto saxophone)
Barney Kessel (guitar)
Kenny Drew (piano)
Bill Woodson (bass)
Chuck Thompson (drums)

(B) Go Man! (Imperial LP 9020)
Personnel:
Sonny Criss (alto saxophone)
Sonny Clark (piano)
Leroy Vinnegar (bass)
Lawrence Marable (drums)

(C) Plays Cole Porter (Imperial LP 9024)
Personnel:
Sonny Criss (alto saxophone)
Larry Bunker (vibes)
Sonny Clark (piano)
Buddy Clark (bass)
Lawrence Marable (drums)

Sonny Criss - The Complete Imperial Sessions CD 1 of 2 
01  Willow Weep for Me (A)
02  These Foolish Things (A)
03  Blue Friday (A)
04  Sunday (A)
05  More Than You Know (A)
06  Easy Living (A)
07  Alabamy Bound (A)
08  Something's Gotta Give (A)
09  West Coast Blues (A)
10  Criss-Cross (A)
11  Ham's Blues (A)
12  Sweet Georgia Brown (A)
13  Summertime (B)
14  Memories of You (B)
15  Wailin' With Joe (B)
16  How Deep Is the Ocean? (B)
17  The Blues for Rose (B)
18  The Man I Love (B)

Sonny Criss - The Complete Imperial Sessions CD 2 of 2 
01  Until the Real Thing Comes Along (B)
02  Blue Prelude (B)
03  After You've Gone (B)
04  Come Rain or Come Shine (B)
05  How High the Moon (B)
06  If I Had You (B)
07  I Love You (C)
08  Anything Goes (C)
09  Easy to Love (C)
10  It's All Right With Me (C)
11  In the Still of the Night (C)
12  Love for Sale (C)
13  Night and Day (C)
14  Just One of Those Things (C)
15  What Is This Thing Called Love? (C)
16  I Get a Kick Out of You (C)