Rip thanks to "bobverens" @ demonoid!

CD layer Ripped from SACD. Sounds excellent!

More Janine Jansen available here: http://thepiratebay.org/user/breezin/

Brought to you by TQMP (The Quality Music Project)

Quotes from amazon.com:

"As is quoted in the liner notes, "A wrong note played with the right intention is much to be preferred to the right note played with no soul" pretty much sums up what this album is all about. The intent, obvious from the first note, is Passion and great quantities of it. 
If the listener is one who, above all prefers precision and accuracy, look elsewhere. If, however one craves soul and passion in a spirited performance, this recording will bring much pleasure, with many repeated listenings being inevitable. Jansen's account is easily the most exciting performance I've yet heard of these much loved favorites. Any moment wasted trying to decide whether to buy this album or not is another moment not basking in it's wonderful wash of sound."

"The Janine Jansen recording of that old Vivaldi standard "The Four Seasons" (which itself is bordering on being hackneyed through over-use) just arrived. As one review I read somewhere noted, it is indeed probably not for most folks. Only eight instruments are used: 2 violins (Jansen plays a Strad.), viola, cello, double bass, box organ, theorbo(!!), and harpsichord. This one DEMANDS that you pay attention to it; it is absolutely chock-full of subtlety and nuance that the casual listener would probably fail to appreciate, if not find downright grating in places. If you seek background music for your garden party, there are dozens of excellent recordings of this work that fit that bill. I've heard things in the score I've never heard in other recordings, even discounting a bit of improvisational embellishment. The excessive voluptuousness of full string orchestra often mooshes everything out into an easily digestible pablum for public consumption. She handles both serene and frenetic passages with the ability one would expect from the temporary custodian of a Stradivarius. Her tempi (and transitions) are often surprising, as are the dynamics. There are times when one feels the instruments are being pushed right to their limits, (occasionally sounding like it verges on instrument abuse) thus generating tonal qualities seldom heard in this piece. I am mightily impressed."