Blackberry 9630 Latest OS 5.0.0.303 ( Leaked Beta )

Software For BlackBerry® (TM) 9630 smartphone BlackBerry Handheld Software 

v5.0.0.303

*OS Disclaimer - Please Read: Keep in mind this is NOT an official release 

and as such is not supported by RIM or your Carrier. If you choose to 

install, do so at your own risk and only if you're comfortable in the 

process of upgrading and downgrading your device software. It is quite 

normal during operating system development for certain features to be 

crippled or disabled while others are tested, and these beta builds often 

reflect that. They are not always better. Depending on your BlackBerry 

comfort level, it may be best for you to wait for community feedback on a 

build before deciding to download and install for yourself or simply wait 

for the next official release. If you require support, you will find it in 

our CrackBerry forums via our extremely knowledgeable community base - do 

not contact your carrier or RIM for Beta OS technical support (their first 

course of action will be to advise you to downgrade to a supported OS). 

Package Version:
Consisting of:
•Applications: 5.0.0.303
•Software Platform: 4.2.0.112
•File name: 9630AMEA_v5.0.0.303_P4.2.0.112
•File size: 122 MB

Instructions to install on ANY 9630 from ANY CARRIER.

1. Download the above OS file to the PC then install it to the PC by 

running (double clicking) the file you downloaded.
2. Go to c:program filescommon filesresearch in motionapploader and delete 

the file named "vendor.xml."
3. Plug in BB and double click on "Loader.exe." It's located in the same 

place as the above vendor.xml file.

The process takes about 45 minutes to an hour depending on how much data 

you have to backup and restore during the process. Once it's done loading 

the new OS it will reboot (it may do this twice during the entire process.) 

You will see a white screen with an hourglass for up to 20 minutes at a 

time while the DM says "waiting for initialization."
If, for some reason, you end up with a white screen with small icons and 

the number 507, simply connect to the PC again and run Loader.exe again and 

it should load the OS to the device.

Via pingpacket[dot]blogspot[dot]com