From AllMusic.com:

Artist: Curve
Album: Open Day at the Hate Fest
Rating: 3/5
Release Date: 2001
Label: Curve Music
Type: Compilation

Open Day at the Hate Fest isn't so much about yet another comeback from Curve as it is a reminder that they're still around, alive and kicking as ever. While locked in legal battles with the major label they began referring to as Estupendo (similar to the way a number of bands refer to another label as Neglektra, to further get the drift), it didn't stop Toni Halliday and Dean Garcia from providing B-sides and new recordings as MP3s on their website. Just as the duo had wriggled their way from their business partners -- which had been holding the follow-up LP to Come Clean hostage for over a year -- they released this web-only disc, which compiles a number of those MP3s and a couple extras to sweeten the deal. The limited availability and patchwork formation sound like the very definition of a completists-only package, but that's really not the case here. Back when Curve were releasing singles with regularity, it was apparent that Halliday and Garcia often weren't the best judges at what constituted B-material, since some of their finest moments could be found on the back side of their 12"s. At its best, this disc reminds fans of that fact; at its worst, this disc reminds fans that they very rarely released any mediocre tracks. Hate Fest might not surpass their previous highs, but nearly everything holds up to them quite handily. It finds Curve doing what they do best, with only slight variations on their familiar attack. In fact, this could pass as a successor to 1993's Cuckoo, in that it's grittier and darker than 1998's slicker Come Clean. And it wouldn't be a stretch to say that several will find this to be better than that record for Estupendo. (www.curve.co.uk) 

01 Nowhere (4:06)
02 The Birds They Do Fly (4:10)
03 Che (5:04)
04 Turnaround (4:24)
05 You Don't Know (6:23)
06 Backwards Glance (4:58)
07 Speedcrash (4:53)
08 Storm (4:28)
09 Caught in the Alleyway (5:44)
10 Open Day at the Hate Fest (7:02)

-----

From Cuckoo's Nest, The Curve Archive:

CURVE. "OPEN DAY AT THE HATE FEST"

Toni Halliday. Voice and Words
Dean Garcia. Bass, Guitar, Drums and Programming
Alan Moulder. Guitar and FX

Made between 1996 and 2001
Produced Engineered and Recorded at Todal by Curve
Mixed by Alan Moulder at Konk Studios North London
except tracks 5.9.10 mixed by Dean Garcia and Toni Halliday at Todal
All songs written by Halliday / Garcia
All songs copyright control except tracks 1.2.3.6.7
Published by EMI / Virgin / Anxious Music Publishing
except tracks 4.5.8.9 Copyright Control
Mastered by Alan Moulder at The Hit Factory, Willesden
Sleeve Design www.flatearth.co.uk
Nowhere recorded for the film Nowhere by Greg Araki
You Don't Know is featured in the film / soundtrack Gossip

"This CD is a web only release
Thanks to all our collaborators"

UK release (May 2001)
