File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Te Amo" (English: "I Love You") is a song performed by R&B Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is written by Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, James Fauntleroy II and Rihanna and produced by Stargate. It serves as the third international and fifth overall single from her fourth album Rated R.

The video was shot on April 29, 2010 and April 30, 2010 in Vigny, France in the Château de Vigny. On the set, photos show Rihanna in a colourful floral maxi dress and a black lacy basque. French supermodel, Laetitia Casta plays a femme fatale in the video. On May 25, 2010, the director, Anthony Mandler wrote on Twitter, "About to drop Te Amo...really proud of what we did." The video premiered on May 28, 2010. Scenes include Rihanna sitting at a dining table in flames, a picturesque garden and the inside of a dark castle in which Rihanna and Laetitia Casta move in time together flicking back and forward as they both come closer to eachother until they finally stare into eachothers eyes and circle the room.  The video began playing on UK music channels in early June.

Robert Copsey of Digital Spy awarded the song four out of five stars stating that "After the rather explicit 'Rude Boy' campaign, Rihanna's taking a well-deserved break from titillating the blokes here - only to find herself the object of another lady's affections. One of her Rated R LP's less menacing moments, 'Te Amo' finds La Fenty grappling with her sexuality over some irresistible, latin-infused Stargate beats."

Fraser McAlpine of Daily Reviews also awarded the song four out of five stars and stated "It’s that old, old story: Girl meets girl. Girl speaks different language to girl. Girl loves girl. Girl doesn’t love girl. Girl sad. Girl sad. We’ve all been there, right? And Rihanna’s captured that feeling beautifully (she actually has, even though I sound incredibly insincere about it)."

Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna, released November 20, 2009, on Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions for the album took place during March to November 2009 at several recording studios, and production was handled primarily by Chase & Status, StarGate, The-Dream, Ne-Yo, and Brian Kennedy. Conceived after Rihanna's assault by her then-boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, Rated R features a prominently foreboding and angry tone, in terms of musical and lyrical direction, and incorporates elements of hip hop, rock, and dubstep.

The album debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 181,000 copies in its first week, making it Rihanna's highest-selling debut in the United States. It became her third consecutive platinum album in the US and produced three singles that achieved chart success, including Billboard hit "Hard" and international hits "Russian Roulette" and "Rude Boy". Upon its release, Rated R received generally positive reviews from most music critics. According to Rihanna's record label, the album has sold nearly three million copies worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

