Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"All Nite (Don't Stop)" is a song by American R&B-pop singer–songwriter Janet Jackson.

The video was directed by Francis Lawrence (who also directed 2001's "Someone to Call My Lover"). It was filmed at the El Dorado Hotel, an abandoned hotel in the Skid Row neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, during a blackout.

After the Super Bowl incident, MTV refused to air Jackson's new videos including "All Nite (Don't Stop)", thus resulting in the single's poor chart performance. The video could only be seen on MTV Hits and MTV Jams. It aired regularly on BET and VH1. The video is featured on the 2004 video compilation From janet. to Damita Jo: The Videos.

The third single from Janet Jackson's eighth studio album, Damita Jo (2004), the song contains a sample of Herbie Hancock's 1975 song "Hang up Your Hang Ups". It was the lead double A-side with "I Want You", released internationally in countries like the United Kingdom and Australia, and contains the B-side "Put Your Hands On", which appears as a bonus track on the Japanese edition of Damita Jo. The song "R&B Junkie" can be found on the promo vinyl single of "All Nite (Don't Stop)".

Jackson performed a medley of "All Nite (Don't Stop)" and "R&B Junkie" at the 2004 BET Awards, together with Elephant Man, who also remixed "All Nite (Don't Stop)". The pairing attracted some criticism in the LGBT community, as Elephant Man had been previously known for homophobic lyrics. Jackson had previously apologised to the gay community for her previous collaboration with Beenie Man, also known for his homophobic lyrics, on his 2002 single "Feel It Boy".

Damita Jo is the eighth studio album (eleventh overall) by American R&B-pop singer–songwriter Janet Jackson, released in the United States on March 30, 2004 by Virgin Records. The album takes its title from Jackson's middle name.

This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

