Cities XL - Limited Edition *ISO*

Date.........: 2010-08-03                         Files........: 75 x 50.00
Company......: Monte Cristo                       Language.....: Multi 3
Requirements.: Computer, Windows 2K/ME/XP/Vista/7


Game Notes

Cities XL sets a new benchmark in the city-builder game category by fusing,
for the first time, the city builder genre with an MMO. Offline, it offers
all the benefits of the leading city builders, through the creation and
development of a photorealistic city in which managing your resources and
population categories, will be essential to success. Online, it proposes
an entirely new layer to the experience in allowing the players to trade
resources with others, participate to the construction of Mega structures,
or visit the entire planet via your avatar.

Features:

- 25 maps featuring varying landscapes - from canyons to grassy hills and
snowy mountains
- Around 500 buildings based on various architectural styles (European,
American...)
- A set of never-before-seen real-time construction tools allowing players
to create curved roads, building zones of various shapes, elaborate
bridges...
- Diverse citizen structure: Four levels of wealth, four main different
needs (Services, Environmental, Prices and Traffic) split into many sub-
categories (Police and Fire departments, Education, Leisure, Commerce,
multiple types of Pollution, Taxes, Cost of Life, Distance to work and
more)
- A rich enterprise selection ranging from agriculture to heavy industry,
services, tourism
- A complex, but easy to access, simulation based on 15 resources
(electricity, waste management, agriculture, water, fuel, etc.)
- An ambitious traffic system including many type of roads (five different
widths, costs, quality and capacity), highways, airports, ports, and much
more. Complex bus system will be provided free post release
- An avatar studio and Web-based profile pages

Limited Edition contents:

- 6 In-Game Buildings/Monuments - Lost Angeles City Hall, Berlin Victory
Column, Liev Saint-Vladimir cathedral, San Francisco Grand Hotel Paris
Opra Garnier and the New York 40th Wall Street Building
- 5 Additional Maps for Solo Mode
- 2 Permanent Megastructures - Big Ben  Houses of Parliament and Maya
Pyramid of Chichn Itz
- Special Add-Ons - T-shirt for your avatar and a web distinction
- Large format Cities XL poster
- 3 original Cities XL postcards

URL: http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B002MZZMX6/
URL: http://www.citiesxl.com

NOTE: This game is English, French and German


Installation Notes

1. UnRAR
2. Burn the ISO with your favorite software.
3. Install game
4. Copy all files from FASiSO folder into install folder. Make sure that:
a) fas.patch is inside Paks
b) Cities XL - Launcher.exe is in same folder as CitiesXL.exe
5. Install patch CXL_1.0.3.297_to_CXL_1.1.0.457-B4.exe
6. Start the game with Cities XL - Launcher.exe and remember your profile
name so that you can continue your game later.