Hi there..

Firstly I'd like to tell you about a new Christian site:
 
http://www.blazefire.org/

Registrations are open for a while. Safe, no ads, pure, non-denominational site.

Now about this upload:

This is the movie about the astrologers "from the east", who had "seen the star of the newborn King of the Jews" "In the east". Probably around Chaldea/Babylon in old Sumeria, where the well taught astrologist recognizes that all interpretation of the signs and omens/warnings/announcements in the heavenly bodies movements and constellations originates from.

This guy [I think his name is Fredric A. Larson] takes the old story from the "gospel of Christmas" and puts it all into a rather new perspective, while explaining on the way how he got to be so obsessed with this "star in the east" and the "Wise men from the east".

It says nowhere that they were three, and absolutely not that they were kings, like the folklore has made it; a mockery and a roadshow, more or less. Please excuse me if I offend anyone, but that is the truth.

The researcher and self-taught astrologist simply started to make investigations around the time in question, knowing that our BC/AD time-frame was off a bit, and he discovered "the fault-line" and where it had entered. Then he started searching..

This is a rather amazing movie, in so much that it doesn't at all, like so many Christians do, exclude the fact that there are signs made in the heavens, to signify important events in world history. Now that's Astrology.

And it's in the Bible. It's just; so many people won't go there. The Christians because they think they're doing something wrong, the opponents of the Bible just because it's in the Bible.

Either way, one is missing out big if one doesn't venture even into that, from either side of the fence, seemingly, oh, so dreaded place..

This guy makes it easier to grasp the concept from both sides of the fence..

Very cool film. + the extra little clip isn't half bad either..

Here's what some critics say about it. Especially one must take into consideration a former chief astronomer from NASA, and the president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, or what?

"well-researched and reasonable"
Former Chief of Planetary Astronomy, NASA, and Technical Editor, Sky & Telescope magazine.

"an interesting look... at the star"
Christianity Today magazine.

"models the scientific method at its best"
Distinguished Professor of Old Testament Studies, Dallas Theological Seminary.

"wide-ranging and insightful scholarship"
Former Publisher and Editor, Scientific American magazine, and President, American Association for the Advancement of Science.

"...fascinating and meticulously researched. We gladly award five Doves to this exemplary program"
The Dove Foundation.

Outside link to site of the film with some more in-depth info:
 
http://www.bethlehemstar.net

Codec: DivX 5.0
Stream bitrate: 812 kb/s
Res: 352X288
Framerate: 29.97
Sound-codec: mpga, mono
Sample-rate 24000 Hz
Bitrate: 32 kb/s

In other words; quite watchable without being too big..
Enjoy!

Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."