Theatrical Release Date: USA, 2007
Director: Tony Marsiglia
Cast: Misty Mundae (Erin Brown), Julian Wells, Darian Caine, Andrea Davis, Casey Jones, Julie Strain, Lizzy Strain, Louis G. Villaescusa

DVD released: November 13th, 2007
Approximate running time: 96 minutes
Aspect Ratio: 1.78:1 Anamorphic Widescreen
Rating: NR
Sound: Dolby Digital Stereo English
Subtitles: N/A
DVD Release: Retro Seduction Cinema
Region Coding: Region 0 NTSC
Retail Price: $29.95

Synopsis: A young woman named Chantal (Misty Mundae) goes to Hollywood to make it big as an actress only to find out quickly the darker and seedier side of Tinsel-town.
Director Tony Marsiglia collaborates with his frequent leading Lady Misty Mundae in what is being billed as her final performance for Seduction Cinema. Also Chantal marks the end of an era as actress Erin Brown who is known to her legions of fans as Misty Mundae retires her alias and will continue to act now under her real name.

Having in the past seen several other films which Tony Marsiglia has directed I new what to expect and what he was capable of achieving as a filmmaker. The first difference between Nick Philips “Chantal” and Tony Marsiglia’s “Chantal” is the way they approach the story of Chantal and her misadventures in Hollywood. Phillips film is the ore erotic of the two while Marsiglia’s version is deeper psychologically and more depraved sexually. Marsiglia is constantly moving the camera which helps drive home for the viewers just disoriented Chantal is as her mind slowly and ultimately loses touch with all reality.

One of the films strong points is the supporting cast of that has been built up around the tour de force performance of Misty Mundae as Chantal. I must confess that most of the erotic films that Misty Mundae has done through the years have never really won me over especially acting wise. In more recent years in films like Sinful and Shock-O-Rama she has stepped up and shown that she is more then just a sex symbol. Also to her credit is how she draws the viewer in instantly with her performance thus making you care about Chantal and her subsequent downfall. The sexually oriented scenes in the film are more tastefully down and most importantly integral to the story then they used to be in previous Misty Mundae films. Ultimately Chantal is a riveting story of about a naive girl who loses her way while trying to achieve her dream.



.

. Seduction Cinema’s  for Chantal is without a doubt their best release to date, highly recommended.