
1/ Install DVDFab 8

2/ After Installation Choose Either Reboot Now Or Reboot Later.

3/ Either Way Copy The Cracked File From The "Crack" Folder Over To DVDFab's Installation Directory Overwriting/Replacing The Original File.

Installation Directory By Default Is :

For 32 Bit Users It's  C:/Program Files/DVDFab 8

For 32 Bit Users It's  C:/Program Files (x86)/DVDFab 8

4/ Have Fun !!!!!

Brought To You By blaze69  :)



Contains :

* DVD Copy 8.0.2.2 aka DVD to DVD

DVDFab DVD Copy is popular worldwide and known for its power and flexibility. You can copy a DVD with just a click or two, or use DVD Copy's many settings to customize the ouput. Burn it to a blank DVD or write the output to a folder or image file on your hard drive or media server, compress content to fit on smaller discs, the choice is yours!


* Blu-ray Copy 8.0.2.2 aka Blu-ray to Blu-ray

DVDFab Blu-ray Copy leads the industry in features and options. Remove all known Blu-ray protections, with lightning fast protection updates from our 24/7 server. Copy Blu-ray to blank discs or your PC hard drive, compress them to fit on BD-25 media or even DVD9 or DVD5 discs, all in high definition!


* DVD Ripper 8.0.2.2 aka DVD to Mobile

Search the world and you won't find a faster, more powerful tool for ripping DVD content than DVDFab DVD Ripper. It comes with setup profiles for more than 50 devices from cellphone and iPad to popular game platforms like PS3 and Xbox, even YouTube videos. Resolution, bitrate for audio and video, cropping and aspect ratio are easy to control, and fast!


* Blu-ray Ripper 8.0.2.2 aka Blu-ray to Mobile

This versatile tool can rip and convert Blu-ray discs to files that will play on many portable video devices, media players and next generation consoles. Like DVD Ripper, it comes with setup profiles for many devices and generic ones that will work for many more. Enjoy your Blu-ray movies in your ways!


* Video Converter 8.0.2.2 aka File to Mobile

This handy option allows you to convert quickly between many popular video/audio file formats such as AVI, MP4, MKV, FLV and many more for use on many mobile/portable devices as well as advanced consoles and media players. It has the power and flexibility to produce the output that you need.


* File Transfer 8.0.2.2 aka File Mover

DVDFab File Transfer, a small tool very easy to use, can transfer converted files to iPod, PSP and ZUNE with superior fast transferring speed in the simplest way. More devices will be supported with its continuous updating.

