Please seed!

Although it sports the same amount of tracks (26) as Rhino's 1993 Anthology, up to now the last word in comprehensive Spoonful compilations, the 2000 issue of the umpteenth collection from this short-lived '60s band gets the nod over all others. Taken from the original first-generation masters, apparently for the first time, the sound quality — with a crispness and definition previously unheard — and even track selection, is the finest yet. "On the Road Again"
"Wild About My Lovin'," and "Darlin' Companion," all excellent tunes representative of the Spoonful's good-time folksy/jugband style that were omitted from the Rhino set, are included, further reinforcing this as the last word in single-disc anthologies from this legendary band. What's startling is how many great songs the group recorded in such a short time span. The majority of the tracks were released within a two-year period from 1965-1967, almost
all springing from the pen of John Sebastian who also took lead vocals on all the hits. The band was a textbook example of compressed quality, with only three tracks here breaking the three-minute barrier, and many clocking in at just under two. Which means there still could be an even more definitive compilation created by adding five more songs and extending the running time to the 77-minute CD maximum. Until then, this is the Lovin' Spoonful disc to own. 
(AMG) 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:avftxqtkldhe
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lovin%27_Spoonful


The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits
This compilation 2000
Buddha Records - digitally remastered

01  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Do You Believe In Magic
02  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - You Didn't Have To Be So Nice
03  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Daydream
04  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - You Baby
05  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Did You Ever Have To Make Up Your Mind
06  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Wild About My Lovin'
07  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Younger Girl
08  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - On The Road Again
09  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Didn't Want To Have To Do It
10  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Jug Band Music
11  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Summer In The City
12  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Rain On The Roof
13  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Pow (Theme From 'What's Up Tiger Lily?')
14  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Nashville Cats
15  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Lovin' You
16  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Darlin' Companion
17  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Coconut Grove
18  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Full Measure
19  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Darling Be Home Soon
20  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Lonely (Amy's Theme)
21  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - You're A Big Boy Now
22  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Six O'Clock
23  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - She Is Still A Mystery
24  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Money
25  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Younger Generation
26  The Lovin' Spoonful - Greatest Hits - Never Going Back