PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 6456B3CC44F567FEA000A3E466DC5F3E765AF473
File Size: 246.30 MB
Year: 2010
Label: Columbia
Catalog #: 88697 50524 2




Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Jakob Luke Dylan (born December 9, 1969 in New York City) is the lead singer and songwriter of the rock band The Wallflowers and is the son of singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. He has also recorded two solo albums.


Dylan is the youngest of four children born to singer-songwriter Bob Dylan and ex-wife Sara Dylan. He married his childhood sweetheart, Nicole Paige Denny (now former actress Paige Dylan),[1] in a ceremony at Sara Dylan's house in 1992. Dylan and his family reside in Los Angeles; they have four sons.[2] Dylan is very private about his family to the extent that there are very few images of his children or wife available.


The Wallflowers started out playing alongside other aspiring rockers at Canter's delicatessen in the Fairfax District of Los Angeles in 1989. The band signed to Virgin Records and made a self-titled album, the cover of which had a picture of all the band members' feet, and drummer Peter Yanowitz's dog.

The debut sold poorly however, and after they were released from Virgin Records, the band regrouped. They toured with 10,000 Maniacs, Toad The Wet Sprocket, Cracker, and The Spin Doctors, and gained and lost several band members along the way. With the help of their manager Andrew Slater, the band secured a new major label record deal with Interscope Records.

Their 1996 album Bringing Down the Horse, recorded with producer T-Bone Burnett (and including collaborations with Michael Penn, Adam Duritz, Mike Campbell, Don Heffington of Lone Justice, and Sam Phillips), yielded several singles, including "6th Avenue Heartache" and "One Headlight". The album sold over six million copies worldwide. Burnett stated at the time: "As far as Jakob is concerned, I can't imagine having larger footsteps to follow in. But Jakob's character is clearly defined and he handles success with grace, which also says a lot about Bob as a father." Burnett went on to state that the success of Bringing Down the Horse had nothing to do with the family name: "I don't think Jakob sold a single record because he is Bob's son. I think he sold a lot of records because "One Headlight" is a very good song. I wonder how many Wallflowers fans even know who Bob Dylan is."[3] The Wallflowers won two Grammy Awards, for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group and Best Rock Song. "One Headlight" also won the VH-1 Video of the Year for 1997.

As of 2007, The Wallflowers have recorded five albums.

In the fall of 2007 The Wallflowers performed live for the first time in more than two years. They did a brief tour including dates on the East Coast in October and the mid-west in November. This tour included Jakob Dylan (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Stuart Mathis (lead guitar), Greg Richling (Bass), and Fred Eltringham (drums). In September 2007 the band announced on their official website[4] that band member Rami Jaffee had left the group. The band played additional dates in southern California in February 2008, some east coast shows in April 2008, and several festival shows in the summer 2008 (OC Fair, South Carolina Balloon Festival, Deadwood Jam, among others). In some of these shows, they played as a three-some, in other shows multi-instrumentalist Ben Peeler joined The Wallflowers.

On September 20, 2006 it was announced by Billboard that Dylan had signed a new recording contract with Columbia Records.[5] The Wallflowers' current situation has remained unknown since their recording contract with Interscope Records ended in 2005.

Dylan wrote and recorded "Here Comes Now" as the theme song for the U.S. television show Six Degrees, which premiered on September 21, 2006. His song "Stardust Universe" premiered on Jericho on October 25, 2006.

A cover of The Band's "Whispering Pines" appears on the tribute CD Endless Highway  — The music of The Band, which was released late January 2007. Dylan also contributed backing vocals to the track, "Black Haired Girl," on Jesse Malin's 2007 album, Glitter in the Gutter.
Dylan collaborated with Dhani Harrison on the John Lennon song, "Gimme Some Truth," for the Lennon's tribute album, "Instant Karma: The Amnesty International Campaign to Save Darfur", which was released on June 12, 2007.[6] As of early 2007, Jakob Dylan had performed with his father only once, at a corporate gig for semiconductor company Applied Materials on November 14, 1997,[7][8] although they played the same show, they did not play together.

Jakob Dylan is also featured on the upcoming Court Yard Hounds (2 former Dixie Chicks) album, to be released in May 2010.[9] He sings background vocals on the song “See You in the Spring.” He joined them on stage at two SXSW performances for that song. At one performance they all performed Rod Stewart's "You Wear It Well."

In early September 2007, The New York Times reported Dylan was working on his first solo album in a house in Hollywood Hills owned by famed record producer Rick Rubin.[11] Rubin is also listed as the producer of the album. The album is called Seeing Things and was released on June 10, 2008. The mostly acoustic album contains 10 tracks.

In the spring of 2008 a series of tour announcements were made that Dylan would be performing with his touring band The Gold Mountain Rebels at Bonnaroo, at the new Rothbury Music Festival, in Rothbury, Michigan, Summerfest in Milwaukee, the Newport Folk Festival, and the Austin City Limits Festival. A number of tour dates in the south, east, and mid-west were also confirmed. He played on Late Show with David Letterman show in June 2008, the Tonight Show with Jay Leno in July 2008, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson in August 2008, and Late Night with Conan O'Brien in September 2008, and taped performances for a number of folk radio programs that aired throughout the summer. On the Conan performance, Dylan performed "War Is Kind" with Norah Jones. Jakob Dylan and the Gold Mountain Rebels did a 10-day tour in Europe opening for Eric Clapton in mid-August, and some shows in August and September opening for Willie Nelson at FarmAid in the U.S. In October he did a ten day tour in Europe playing shows in Germany and the U.K.[12] On October 21, he appeared in the UK on BBC2's Later... with Jools Holland. During the show he sang "Evil Is Alive And Well" and "Something Good This Way Comes". This was the first time that Dylan performed solo on television. During the week of October 25, Dylan appeared with the Gold Mountain Rebels on PBS' Austin City Limits.[13] On the television show NCIS, Dylan performed a song called "No Matter What" and it is featured on soundtrack. 







Women & Country 2010


On January 28, 2010, Dylan announced that his second solo album, Women and Country would be released on April 6, 2010. The album, produced by T Bone Burnett, would have 11 tracks with 8 featuring background vocals from Neko Case and Kelly Hogan.

Beginning March 2010, Dylan did a series of public performances. He was accompanied by Neko Case and Kelly Hogan on background vocals and members of Case's band, musicians Paul Rigby, Jon Rauhouse, Tom Ray, and Barry Mirochnick. The Case, Hogan, and the musicians have taken the name Three Legs for the tour for the album's release. On April 2, 2010, they performed a "Tiny Desk Concert" for NPR's All Songs Considered[14], and appeared on the April 3 episode of Weekend Edition with Scott Simon



Tracks: 


1.	"Nothing But the Whole Wide World"  
2.	"Down On Our Own Shield"  
3.	"Lend A Hand"  
4.	"We Don't Live Here Anymore"  
5.	"Everybody's Hurting"  
6.	"Yonder Come the Blues"  
7.	"Holy Rollers for Love"  
8.	"Truth for a Truth"  
9.	"They've Trapped Us Boys"  
10.	"Smile When You Call Me That"  
11.	"Standing Eight Count"  





Enjoy :)
