PowerDesk Pro 8
$39.95
The Ultimate File Manager for Windows!

* Advanced File Finder
* Multi-Pane File Viewer
* Easy FTP Utility & Support
* NEW! Hard Drive Indexing
* New! Search Emails & Attachments
* NEW! Color Code Files & Folder
* For Windows XP, Vista & 7 computers 

Work Easier, Faster & More Effectively!

PowerDesk® 8 Professional is the easy, fast and expert way to organize and manage the files, digital photos, MP3s and web images on your PC. With far more features and functions than the standard Windows file manager or other file management software, PowerDesk® 8 Pro gives you the tools to search, edit, delete, copy, move, sort, zip, label, view, convert and more!

In just 1, 2 or 3 Clicks you can completely customize your PC and see for yourself exactly why PowerDesk has received so many top awards and reviews from PC professionals for years! 

Features & Benefits Back to the top

6 Powerful File Utilities for the price you'd normally pay for 1!

The winner of numerous awards and sparkling reviews from PC Magazine, Windows Magazine, and PC World, to name a few, PowerDesk® 8 Professional completely replaces Windows® Explorer with a wide array of File and File Management tools that let you organize, search, edit, delete, move, sort, view and copy files, including those found on digital cameras or MP3 music players.
FTP - Access PowerDesk FTP in an easy-to-use, drag-and-drop interface and view FTP sites as though they were ordinary folders! Once you’ve set up your favorite FTP sites, connecting with them is just 1-Click away. PowerDesk now supports Secure FTP!
Sync Manager - Compare and synchronize the contents of two folders. Especially useful for work on files that are shared between two computers, it’s also useful for backing up files and much more!
Size Manager™ - A powerful utility that shows you where and how the space on each of your drives is being used. Using Size Manager makes it easy to efficiently manage drive storage space. 
Dialog Helper - Enhances Open dialog boxes and Save dialog boxes by adding a selection list for previously opened files and folders. It also provides a file viewer pane that supports over 150 file formats. Dialog helper also allows fixed dialogs to be easily resized.
Archive Manager - Easily compress and expand files from over 30 popular compression formats. See within archives to view entire file lists, selectively view the contents or extract selected files with a simple drag and drop operation.
File Finder - Quickly locate forgotten files with a powerful "search engine" type tool. Search by keyword, file type, size, or date range and see the "hits" displayed in a single-line reference. Search inside Zip files, archives, emails and attachments too!

Great File Management you won’t want to live without!

*

Dual pane operation - Easily drag and drop files between folders and drives.
*

Layout Manager - Single click icons save complete layouts or add layout icons to your desktop, so PowerDesk starts up exactly where you want it to!
*

Add File Notes - With a right-click of the mouse, add notes to help organize your files - displayed in a mouse-over window or details view, easily be reminded what's in a file without having to open it!
*

Color Customize Your File Folders - Easily customize and prioritize your file folders with eight distinct colors.
*

File Info Column - Display specific details about each file in the file pane viewer. MP3 files will show a song title and run time. Images will show the size and resolution. Word documents show document title and more.
*

MP3 Collection Management - Create and control portable MP3 playlist files as well as multimedia applications. Randomize feature ensures a complete random play order. Plus, cool tools to preview MP3 files, search for files, as well as rename and edit files groups in a single action.
*

File Viewer - Open the right file the first time! Improved file preview options allow users to view the contents of a file in a preview pane or as a thumbnail image. Browse files from digital cameras, whole directories of images, or MP3 players - where you can even view by artist name, album title, or your own personal notations!

Energize Your Desktop!

*

View file formats and convert images without the original software
*

Secure encryption to keep your documents safe from prying eyes
*

Folder synchronizer for easy sharing with other PCs, with your laptop, or for backups
*

Playlist Editor to play/manage your music files
*

Plus- customizable toolbar, super search engine, zip compression, file annotation, mouse-over file summaries and lots more!

Privacy Protection

*

Encrypt files using PowerDesk encryption or DES encryption
*

File Shredder completely removes all traces of a file
*

Password protect your zip files

What's New Back to the top

PowerDesk® 8 Professional includes many useful and powerful new features, including:

Windows® Vista® & 7 64-bit Support - Runs on Windows XP, Vista (32-bit & 64-bit) & 7 (32-bit & 64-bit) computers.

Image Preview Toolbar - When viewing, use the Image Preview Toolbar to zoom in, zoom out, fit to window or original size, see previous image or next image, rotate and more.

Image Thumbnail View - “Preview Now” utility automatically fits the image to your Window size.

Improved Zip Functionality- View interior file content, and add or edit compressed files without having to unzip the file first.

Batch Processes - File Rename & Graphic File Conversion - Execute batch processing for file renaming or graphic file conversion.

Color Code Files Types - For easy identification, custom color code folder names, system files, image types and more.

Hard Drive Indexing - Find files faster and easier by indexing your hard drive to improve search performance.

Find Emails and Attachments - Search and scan email inbox and subfolders to quickly find email messages and file attachments.

View File Properties –The File Viewer now includes the ability to view the properties of any file in additional to previewing it.

Windows 7 Library Support - Add, delete and navigate files and folders in Windows 7 libraries.

Secure FTP Support - PowerDesk now supports FTPS, the FTP security extension that supports TLS and SSL protocols.

Version 8
Platform Windows XP, Windows Vista 32-bit, Windows Vista 64-bit, Windows 7 64-bit, Windows 7 32-bit

* Pentium or better
* 32 MB RAM
* 40 MB free disk space

