Starsailor are an English alternative rock band formed in Wigan. As of 2009, they have had four charting albums and ten Top 40 singles in the UK since 2001.

Starsailor teamed up with Phil Spector for their second album Silence is Easy, which was recorded in Los Angeles. The collaboration came about following Spector's daughter Nicole attending one of the band's American concerts in the Winter of 2002. Spector is said to have been fascinated by Lullaby, the band's fourth single. After meeting the producer, the band agreed to work with him on their second album. However, the collaboration was short lived; sessions at London's Abbey Road proved difficult. Spector is said to have dismissed Ben Byrne's drumming, as well as proving difficult to work with. Only two tracks made the band's second album, "Silence Is Easy"—one was the title track, the other the soaring "White Dove". The band co-produced seven of the other tracks with Danton Supple and former Stone Roses and Radiohead producer John Leckie was brought in to see over the recording of "Shark Food". The first single was Silence Is Easy, which made the Top Ten (#9, the band's highest placing). The album charted well, but sales were sluggish in comparison to the band's first album. The release dropped out of the Top 40 rather promptly.

A full UK Tour began in Autumn 2003 shortly after the release of the album, culminating at London's Brixton Academy. The show featured the only known performance (at least until their American tour on 2006) of "Restless Heart", the closing track on the Silence Is Easy album. Mark Collins, from The Charlatans joined Starsailor for all dates between August 2003 to December 2004, playing additional and lead guitar

The album spawned just three singles; the second of which, Born Again had evolved from a B-Side to Poor Misguided Fool, released in early 2002. The song was re-recorded for the album, and cut down for a radio edit. Four to the Floor, which was also remixed by Thin White Duke, became a popular club hit. Walsh wanted the track to become the band's "I Am The Resurrection"; something to be played in "Indie discos everywhere".

Released September 15, 2003 
Genre Indie rock, Piano rock 
Length 39:35 
Label EMI
 
Producer Danton Supple
John Leckie
Phil Spector 

"Music Was Saved" – 3:00 
"Fidelity" – 2:22 
"Some Of Us" – 3:38 
"Silence Is Easy" – 3:40 
"Telling Them" – 4:51 
"Shark Food" – 3:35 
"Bring My Love" – 2:20 
"White Dove" – 3:52 
"Four to the Floor" – 4:13 
"Born Again" – 6:04 
"Restless Heart" – 2:02 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed