Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
CustomPlay Gold 2010 / CustomPlay Games Ltd.

RELEASE DATE : 20-02-2010           PROTECTION : CustomPortal + Serial
GAME TYPE    : Golf                 DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Two years in the making, the team who created and developed
CustomPlay Golf are back. With so few golf video games that
actually hit the mark, CustomPlay 2010 is a hole in one
experience. Exploring true realism offering an all new physics
engine that utilizes real-world data. Golf isnt simply a
game; its a way of life.

CustomPlay Golf 2010 adds to the golfing experience with a
game packed with features that takes the player to a whole new
level of both realism and game play. All new graphical effects
including enhanced lighting and shadow systems for objects and
terrain, normal map, detail map, mega-texture and more!
Players will marvel at the stunning graphics, enhanced
lighting and shadow system and more. The easy to play game
mechanics will guarantee all of the thrills and drama on the
18th hole.

Courses and modes

Championship Golf - Plenty of full 18 holed licensed courses
available. Par3, Crazy Golf, Pitch and Putt, Mini Golf and of
course the all important Range, perfect for honing that
perfect swing.

Customisation

Whether youre a seasoned pro or someone whos never attempted
to design a course before, CustomPlay 2010s editor is sheer
simplicity to use. Not only are players able to create courses
but they can also customize their look and play style,
allowing for the ultimate in gaming couture.

New game modes including Stableford, Practice, Nearest the
Pin, Longest Drive etc.

Improved draw distance, allowing the entire course to be
displayed in the distance.

Zero load times between holes.

All new characters and animations.

Real-time passing of time - choose your tee time and watch
time fly!

Multilingual version - available in English, French, German,
Spanish, Italian  Russian

All new physics engine, using real-world data

Over Twenty courses available, including real, licensed
courses

New trilling - Crazy Golf mode!


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Additional Notes:

We have removed the lame CustomPortal installer, as it did
require to verify the installer online, before being able to
install and use the game.

If you want to play this nice golfer online - BUY IT!

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]