File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd recorder: TEAC DV-W28E
Cd Ripper: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tpb.tracker.thepiratebay.org:80/announce;
Torrent Hash: 51B518AF22283F65B18A83625EA94B3A9AB75F07
File Size: 434.98 Mb
Year: 1995
Label: Arista  Nashville


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Alan Eugene Jackson (born October 17, 1958 in Newnan, Georgia) is an American country artist who has sold over 50 million records. He was influenced by traditional country, and he was one of the most popular country singers of the 1990s, blending both honky tonk and mainstream country sounds and penning many of his own hits. In his career, he has recorded twelve studio albums and several compilations, all on the Arista Nashville label. More than fifty of his singles have reached Top 30 on the Billboard country charts, including twenty-five Number Ones. He is the recipient and nominee of multiple awards. Jackson is also a member of the Grand Ole Opry, and he was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in 2001.


Jackson was born to Eugene Jackson and Ruth Musick in Newnan, Georgia and has four older sisters.[1] As a youth, Jackson primarily listened to gospel music, and otherwise was not a major music fan. However, a friend of his introduced him to the music of Gene Watson, John Anderson and Hank Williams Jr. Jackson attended the local Elm Street Elementary and Newnan High School. Jackson started a band after high school. After a time, he and his wife of six years, Denise Sadler, moved from Newnan to Nashville hoping to pursue music full-time.[2]

He sang in church as a kid. His father, mother, four sisters, and himself lived in a rather small home growing up. At one point, his bed was in the hallway for lack of room elsewhere. (His mother stills lives in that home.) His first job, when 12, was in a shoe store. He wrote his first song in 1983. He was in his 20's when he worked as a car salesman.

In Tennessee, Jackson got a job in The Nashville Network's mailroom.[2] Denise got him connected to Glen Campbell, who helped him jumpstart his career.[3] Jackson eventually signed with Arista.[2]

He did a jingle for a Kraft cheese commercial early on in his career. He sang the demo tapes of songs for other stars to listen to and pick songs they wanted to record.

His very first album was an obscure independent release on Americana Records in 1987 and entitled: "New Traditional". This included the tracks: "W. Lee O'Daniel And The Light Crust Dough Boys", "They Call Me A Playboy", "Just Forget It, Son" and "Merle and George".

His second album, 1989's Here in the Real World, on Arista Records, was a major hit, as was his third (1991) album, Don't Rock the Jukebox. His 1992 album, A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love) was a success, spawning five major singles. Also in 1992, Randy Travis charted three singles co-written by Jackson: "Forever Together", "Better Class of Losers", and "I'd Surrender All". Conversely, Travis co-wrote Jackson's single "She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)".

In 1994 Jackson left his management company, Ten Ten Management, which had overseen his career up to that point, and switched to Gary Overton.[4]

It was around this time that Jackson also began gaining fame for his song-writing skills. Other country music artists who have charted with songs co-written by Jackson, include Clay Walker ("If I Could Make a Living"), Chely Wright ("Till I Was Loved By You")[5] and Faith Hill ("I Can't Do That Anymore").

"Alan Jackson: The Greatest Hits Collection" was released on October 24, 1995. The disc contained 17 hits, two newly-recorded songs ("I'll Try" and "Tall, Tall Trees"), and the song "Home" from his second album that had never been released as a single.[6]

With Jackson's release of Under the Influence in 1999, he took the double risk on an album of covers of country classics while retaining a traditional sound when a rock- and pop-tinged sound dominated country radio.[7]

When the Country Music Association (CMA) asked George Jones to trim his act to 90 seconds for the 1999 CMA awards, he decided to boycott the event. In solidarity, Jackson interrupted his own song and launched into Jones's song "Choices."[8]

After country music changed toward pop music in the 2000s, he and George Strait criticized the state of country music on the song "Murder on Music Row". The song sparked debate in the country music community about whether or not "traditional" country music was actually dead or not.[9] Despite the fact that the song was not officially released as a single, it became the highest-charting nonseasonal album cut (not available in any retail single configuration or released as a promotional single to radio during a chart run) to appear on Hot Country Singles & Tracks in the Broadcast Data Systems era, beating the record previously held by Garth Brooks' "Belleau Wood." The duo were invited to open the 2000 Academy of Country Music Awards (ACMAs) with a performance of the tune.[10] Rolling Stone commented on Jackson's style remarking, "If Garth and Shania have raised the bar for country concerts with Kiss-style production and endless costume changes, then Alan Jackson is doing his best to return the bar to a more human level."[11] After the September 11, 2001 attacks, Jackson released "Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)" as a tribute. The song became a hit single and briefly propelled him into the mainstream spotlight.

At the 2001 CMA Awards, Jackson debuted the song "Where Were You When the World Stopped Turning". The performance was generally considered the highlight of the show, and Jackson's site crashed the next day from server requests.[12] The song came to Jackson suddenly, and had not been scheduled for any official release, but the live performance began receiving radio airplay and was soon released as a single.

Jackson released a Christmas album, titled Let It Be Christmas, October 22, 2002.[13]

Jeannie Kendall contacted Jackson to do a duet, and he suggested the song "Timeless and True Love". It appeared on her first solo album, released in 2003.[14]

In early 2006, Jackson released his first gospel music album entitled Precious Memories. He put together the album by the request of his mother, who enjoys religious music. Jackson considered this album a "side project" and nothing too official, but it was treated as such. The album received little to no airplay from radio stations, and proved to be not as successful as his previous work.

Only mere months after the release of Precious Memories in 2006, Jackson released his next country album Like Red on a Rose.

Unlike his previous albums, Like Red on a Rose had a different producer and sound. Alan's main producer for his music, Keith Stegall, was notably absent from this album. Instead, Alison Krauss was hired to produce the album. She also chose the songs.

Despite being labeled as "country music" or "bluegrass", Like Red on a Rose had a mainstream sound to it, upsetting some fans, even making some of them believe that Jackson was abandoning his traditional past and aiming toward a more mainstream pop sound.

However, for his next album, he went back to his country roots. Jackson's newest studio album, Good Time, was released on March 4, 2008. The album's first single, "Small Town Southern Man," was released to radio on November 19.

"Country Boy", "Sissy's Song" and the final single from the album, "I Still Like Bologna", were also released as singles.

"Sissy's Song" is dedicated to a longtime friend of the Jackson family (Leslie "Sissy" Fitzgerald) who worked in their house everyday. Fitzgerald was killed in a motorcycle accident in mid-2007.

Alan is working on his next studio album, which is scheduled for a late 2009, early 2010 release








The Greatest Hits Collection 1995


The Greatest Hits Collection is a 1995 greatest hits album by Alan Jackson. His first Greatest Hits album, it includes the greatest hits from his first four studio albums, as well as an album cut from his 1989 debut Here in the Real World and two new tracks — "Tall, Tall Trees" and "I'll Try", both of which were Number One hits for him on the Billboard country charts. This album has been certified 6× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA and 4× Platinum by the CRIA.

The Greatest Hits Collection reprises all of Jackson's greatest hits from his first four studio albums. "Here in the Real World", "Wanted", "Chaasin' That Neon Rainbow" and "I'd Love You All Over Again" from 1990's Here in the Real World; "Don't Rock the Jukebox", "Someday", "Dallas", "Midnight in Montgomery" and "Love's Got a Hold on You" from 1991's Don't Rock the Jukebox; "She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)", "Chattahoochee", "Mercury Blues" and "Who Says You Can't Have It All" from 1992's A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love), and "Summertime Blues", "Livin' on Love", "Gone Country" and "I Don't Even Know Your Name" from 1994's Who I Am. The only singles not included on this collection are "Blue Blooded Woman" from Here in the Real World, "Tonight I Climbed the Wall" from A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love), and "Song for the Life" from Who I Am.

Two new songs are included on this compilation as well. "Tall, Tall Trees", originally recorded by George Jones on his 1958 album Long Live King George, and the newly-written "I'll Try". Both of these were released as singles, reaching the top of the Billboard country charts in late 1995 and early 1996, respectively. One song on this compilation, "Home", was previously included on Here in the Real World but was not released as a single until mid-1996, peaking at #3 on the country charts.


Tracks: 

1.	"Chattahoochee (extended mix)" (Alan Jackson, Jim McBride) – 3:56
2.	"Gone Country" (Bob McDill) – 4:19
3.	"She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)" (A. Jackson, Randy Travis) – 2:23
4.	"Midnight in Montgomery" (Jackson, Don Sampson) - 3:44
5.	"Tall, Tall Trees" (George Jones, Roger Miller) - 2:27
6.	"Chasin' That Neon Rainbow" (A. Jackson, McBride) - 3:05
7.	"I'll Try" (A. Jackson) - 3:51
8.	"Don't Rock the Jukebox" (A. Jackson, Roger Murrah, Keith Stegall) - 2:51
9.	"Livin' on Love" (A. Jackson) - 3:48
10.	"Summertime Blues" (Jerry Capehart, Eddie Cochran) - 3:11
11.	"Love's Got a Hold on You" (Carson Chamberlain, Stegall) - 2:53
12.	"(Who Says) You Can't Have It All" (A. Jackson, McBride) - 3:28
13.	"Home" (A. Jackson) - 3:17
14.	"Wanted" (Charlie Craig, A. Jackson) - 2:57
15.	"I Don't Even Know Your Name" (A. Jackson, Ron Jackson, Andy Loftin) - 3:49
16.	"Dallas" (A. Jackson, Stegall) - 2:43
17.	"Here in the Real World" (Mark Irwin, A. Jackson) - 3:37
18.	"Someday" (A. Jackson, McBride) - 3:17
19.	"Mercury Blues" (K. C. Douglas, Robert Geddins) - 3:38
20.	"I'd Love You All Over Again" (A. Jackson) - 3:10



Enjoy :)
