The Millennium Trilogy is a series of three bestselling novels written by Stieg Larsson. The novels in the series, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl Who Played with Fire and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest, were first published in 2005, 2006 and 2007 respectively.




As a tale of contemporary culture and corruption, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was released to great acclaim in Sweden and later, on its publication in many European countries. In the original language it won Sweden's Glass Key Award in 2006 for best crime novel of the year, and won the 2008 Boeke Prize. Larsson was posthumously awarded the ITV3 Crime Thriller Award for International Author of the Year in 2008.




The English version of The Girl Who Played with Fire was published in January 2009 and immediately became a number 1 bestseller. It received reviews from most of the major UK newspapers. Many reviewers agreed with Joan Smith at the Sunday Times that this novel was “even more gripping and astonishing than the first”. Carla McKay at the Daily Mail said that, like its predecessor, the book is "not just a thrilling read, but tackles head-on the kind of issues that Larsson himself railed against in society". Most of the reviewers concentrated mainly on the character of Lisbeth Salander, with Mark Lawson at the Guardian saying that "the huge pleasure of these books is Salander, a fascinating creation with a complete and complex psychology" and Boyd Tonkin in the The Independent saying that "the spiky and sassy Lisbeth Salander – punkish wild child, traumatised survivor of the "care" system, sexual adventurer and computer hacker of genius" was "the most original heroine to emerge in crime fiction for many years". One reviewer was not convinced. Paul Connolly at the London Lite complained that Larsson's second book was "far too long and the tub-thumping far too loud", and that it was "less gripping" than the first book in the series.




The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest is the third and final novel in the million-selling Millennium Trilogy by Swedish writer Stieg Larsson. It was published posthumously in Swedish in 2007 and was published in English in the UK in October 2009. The Swedish title literally means "The Air Castle that was blown up". Luftslott ("Air castle") is used in Swedish to designate a pipe dream. The novel is a direct sequel to The Girl Who Played with Fire, and is part of the award-winning Millennium Trilogy by the late Swedish columnist Stieg Larsson, and features most of the same characters from the first two novels.