Power stone 1 & 2 for the Sega Dreamcast                      Rel. 1999 & 2000


Format:	       CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	       English
Discs:          2
Image:          CDI
Rated:          E (Everyone)
gener:          FightingArcade Port
Selfboot:       Yes - Both Games
Requirements:   Dreamcast Console, or DC Emulator.


Compressed with WinRar, Both Games were tested and work. 
Try 7Zip its free google it, if you don't have WinRar.


Release Notes: Both of these Arcade Port games for the dreamcast are selfboot on a 
               standard CD-R. Read below for info on type of media you should use 
               & how you should burn them. All's thats needed is some cd-r's and a 
               dreamcast console or you can try an emulator. These games were 
               tested on a regular dc console (made in 1999) and ran fine.
             
     
Important: Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't allow 
           utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to be on the
           safe side try to use a console manufactured before october 2000.  You 
           can find the manfacture date on the bottom of the console on the 
           sticker in fine print just look for it. Of course the only way to know 
           is to just try it on your dreamcast.


Game Description Power Stone:

Note: Load Times may take longer since it was put on a CD-R but just be patient it will load thru.

Power Stone is an Arcade Port and accurately hits it right on the mark. Graphics, Game Play, and sound is near identical to the original Arcade. I can remember seeing this game at McVan's and the quality was awesome, I said to myself I must have this.

The creators of Street Fighter add a new dimension to 3D fighting. In Power Stone, 2 fighters take to multi-level arenas with Power Stones and other weapons lying around for use.

Each game contains Power Stones. When you have enough stones (between three to five), your character transforms into an almost unbeatable warrior, with an all-new range of moves (although this does not last for long).



Game Description Power Stone 2:

Note: Load times may take a while and it will pause for like 10 or 15 seconds when selecting an area. This is because its been put on a CD-R and takes a little longer. Sometimes the music will jitter when loading but that will stop and game will continue normally just wait.

Also the player select on top of the screen is just a little offset but not by much and doesn't affect the gameplay at all and everything else is perfect shouldn't bother you any.

Power Stone 2 adds heaps of new characters and environments to the already established crew, however there are now 4 players doing battle at a time in both single and multiplayer modes.

This time, the top 2 from every round (in other words the two that survive each fight of 4 players) progress to the next round. And after a few rounds, you will battle it out with huge Bosses that take up most of the screen.

There are plenty of new power-ups that litter each arena (including guns, hammers, extra power stones and plenty more). You can also hop into a gun turret for extra blasting fun. And of course, the Power Stones are available to use.


Game Pics included.


Burn with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

In Options enable overburn disc in Alcohol or DiscJuggler. (Do for all DC games)

Set Write Method To Raw/Dao and burn at 4x Speed for Alcohol 120%.


If you wanna burn using DiscJuggler Set Burn settings to Raw Write Mode 2 2352 
CD-DA or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write and burn at 4x Speed.


Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work only CD-R's).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		