Two great movies from Mickey Rourke
First up a great release from Klaxxon, 1987 Angel Heart
Writer/Director:Alan Parker
Starring:Mickey Rourke, Robert De Niro, Charlotte Rampling


“They say there's enough religion in the world to make men hate each other, but not enough to make them love.”- Louis

Angel Heart is a moody, unnerving mystery thriller that resonates. Released to a tidal wave of controversy because of its explicit sex scenes and disturbing imagery Director Alan Parker (Pink Floyd’s The Wall, Midnight Express and Mississippi Burning) was forced to edit the film for the big screen. Restored on VHS and DVD to its uncut length the film is now considered a cult classic.

Never better, Mickey Rourke is Brooklyn P.I Harry Angel, scruffy and down on his luck he is hired by Robert De Niro (Louis) to sniff out a missing old school crooner called Johnny Favourite.

Starting the investigation in Brooklyn, the clues soon lead Harry down to New Orleans and into a dark, underworld of sex, voodoo and menace. Twisting and turning, the dead bodies start piling up and danger lurks in every shadow. Harry is in over his head and must struggle just to stay alive and maintain his sanity, leading to a finale that you will never forget

Next up with thanks to -jonny- 2008 Blu-Ray The wrestler

Twenty years ago, Randy 'The Ram' Robinson was a successful wrestler; now he is decadent, living alone in a trailer, working part time in a supermarket and wrestling in the weekends. After a wrestling match, Randy has a heart attack in the dressing room and has heart by-pass surgery; his doctor forbids him to use steroids or wrestle again. Randy decides to retire and proposes that the stripper and lap dancer Pam "Cassidy" move in with him. However she does not accept and suggests that be approach his daughter Stephanie to resolve their differences. Randy gets a full-time job in the supermarket, but he does not deal well with the world outside the arena and decides to return to the sport were he is recognized by his