Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"No Rain" is a song by Blind Melon, released on the band's 1992 self-titled debut album. "No Rain" is well-known for its accompanying music video, which features the "Bee Girl" character. The music video, directed by Samuel Bayer, received heavy airplay on MTV at the time of its release.

"No Rain" was originally released in 1992, but was later re-released the following year. It subsequently helped propel Blind Melon to a multi-platinum level.

The song is the band's highest-charting song, reaching #20 on the pop charts, and #1 on both the Album Rock Tracks and Modern Rock Tracks charts. The single proved successful in several other countries, hitting #1 in Canada and #8 in Australia.

A raw, bare-bones remake of "No Rain" appeared on Blind Melon's posthumous release, Nico as "No Rain (Ripped Away Version)"

The music video, directed by Samuel Bayer, stars Heather DeLoach as the "Bee Girl" — a young tap dancer wearing a homemade bee costume and large glasses, modeled after the Blind Melon album's cover: a family picture of Georgia Graham, younger sister of drummer Glen Graham. The Bee Girl's story is interspersed with footage of Blind Melon performing in a field against a clear blue sky.

It opens on the girl's tap routine; the audience responds with laughter, and the girl runs off stage in tears. As the song plays, she wanders through a city, stopping to perform her dance for whoever will watch. Ultimately — at the point in the song where the word "escape" is repeated — she peeks through a gate, astonished, then runs through it to join a group of "bee people" of all shapes and sizes dancing joyfully in a green field.

As a result of the video, DeLoach appeared on the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards, and reprised her Bee Girl dance (in full costume) in the video for "Weird Al" Yankovic's song "Bedrock Anthem."

VH1 ranked the "No Rain" video 83rd on its "100 Greatest Videos of All Time" list; the song was also No. 99 on the channel's "100 Greatest One-Hit Wonders" list.

It was revealed on VH1's Behind The Music that Shannon Hoon was tripping on Acid during the video shoot.

Blind Melon is an American rock band active from 1989 to 1999, and 2006 onward.

Best remembered for their 1993 single "No Rain", the group enjoyed critical and commercial success in the early 1990s from their neo-psychedelic take on alternative rock. The 1995 death of lead vocalist Shannon Hoon halted the band's activity, and they laid dormant until officially disbanding in 1999. They reformed with new lead vocalist Travis Warren in 2006, although Warren departed two years later.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/