File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:06

[Video]
Resolution : 1280x720
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 25.00
BitRate : 2648 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.12 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Not Myself Tonight" is a song performed by American pop singer Christina Aguilera from her fourth studio album, Bionic. The song was released on April 13, 2010 as the lead single from the album. The track was written by singer-songwriter Ester Dean and co-written and produced by Polow da Don. "Not Myself Tonight" is an electropop song with usage of synthesizers and tribal drums. Its lyrics refer to adopting a different persona in the dancefloor.

"Not Myself Tonight" received mostly positive reviews from critics, who complimented its club nature and Aguilera's vocals on the track; some reviewers also referred to it as her best uptempo recording since her 2002 single "Dirrty". The song performed moderately on the charts, peaking inside the top forty in countries such as Australia, New Zealand, Sweden and the United States, while reaching top twenty positions in Canada, Japan, Slovakia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. In the United States, it also reached the top of the Hot Dance Club Play chart.

The accompanying music video featured a S&M theme, with Aguilera sporting different bondage-inspired looks. Paying homage to Madonna's music videos for "Express Yourself" (1989) and "Human Nature" (1995), the video received mixed reviews from critics, who complimented its aesthetic but called it unoriginal. "Not Myself Tonight" has been performed by Aguilera at The Oprah Winfrey Show on May 7, 2010.

The music video for the song was filmed from April 7 to April 9, 2010, over three days in Los Angeles, directed by Hype Williams. In a radio interview with Z100 Atlanta, Aguilera said: “I’m more confident and comfortable in my own skin. I think I’m even a more sexual Christina."  To celebrate the video premiere, her official site started to release photos from the video. Each day it featured a different look of Christina portrayed in the video. 

The video itself features a strong sexual theme with scenes of S&M and bondage, as well as scenes in a church and several prestigious-looking buildings. Aguilera sporting several hairstyles and outfits, including many which were dominatrix-style.  Actress Jenna Dewan appears in the video as a woman that Aguilera straddles.  The video was inspired by several artists. James Montgomery of MTV News  compared her scenes in the church to a slimmed down version of Madonna's scenes in her video for "Like a Prayer".  He also said that the S&M features in the video were reminiscent of her video for "Human Nature", commenting, "The influence on "Tonight" is pretty evident, most notably in Christina's leather get-ups, her dominatrix attitude and the sultry chair-related activities she engages in throughout."



My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/	