Released December 1970 
Recorded Summer 1970 at Lansdowne Studios, London (except "The Time Machine": Royal Albert Hall, July 2, 1970) 
Genre Rock, Jazz 
Length 38:04 
Label Vertigo (UK)
Dunhill (USA) 
Producer Gerry Bron 

Colosseum is a British progressive jazz-rock band formed in 1968 by drummer Jon Hiseman, tenor sax player Dick Heckstall-Smith and bass player Tony Reeves, who had previously worked together in John Mayall's Bluesbreakers on Bare Wires album. Dave Greenslade, on organ, was immediately recruited, and the line-up was completed by Jim Roche on (guitar). Roche only recorded one track before being replaced by James Litherland, (guitar and vocals).

This remastered rerelease of the prog rock outfit's 1970 album includes two previously unreleased tracks, "Jumping Off the Sun" and "The Time Machine."

A concept album loosely based on man's fascination and allure for war throughout the ages, Daughter of Time contains all the elements required to create a pure progressive rock album. Joining David Greenslade and Chris Farlowe is Louis Cennamo from Renaissance, who plucks away at the bass guitar with a heavy hand. A multitude of instruments combine to create a brilliant melange of music on every one of the eight songs. Vibrant spurts of trombone, trumpet, and flute are driven to the height of each song, which gives way to some implements of jazz fusion. Rich organ and vibraphone can be heard in behind "Three Score and Ten Amen" and "Take Me Back to Doomsday" adding to the melancholy theme. Countering this are beautiful string arrangements made up of violin, viola, and cello used effectively to conjure up mood, and doing an excellent job. Even a flügelhorn is blared from time to time on top of the accentuated drums. A spoken word passage from Dick Heckstall-Smith creates an eerie aura, as his voice echoes on about the coming of the apocalypse. Colosseum's music works extremely well in that it builds suspense and reels the listener into the songs. As far as the lyrics go, they're stark and foreboding and have a mediaeval taste to them, coinciding with the music perfectly. Each song, all around six minutes in length, should have been longer to let the instruments play out with their illustriousness. Except for the fact that it is a short album, Daughter of Time is a sturdy example of progressive rock. ~ Mike DeGagne

2004 remastered reissue of the progressive rock act's classic third album, originally issued in 1970, includes two previously unreleased bonus tracks, 'The Time Machine' (live July 1970) & 'Jumping Off The Sun' (1970 version with Chris Farlowe vocal added 1971). Sanctuary Midline.

All tracks have been digitally remastered.

 1. Three Score and Ten, Amen  
 2. Time Lament   
 3. Take Me Back to Doomsday  
 4. Daughter of Time, The  
 5. Theme For an Imaginary Western   
 6. Bring Out Your Dead 
 7. Downhill and Shadows   
 8. Time Machine, The - (Live)  
 9. Jumping Off the Sun - (1971 Chris Farlowe Version) 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
