THE HORIZON PROJECT

The Horizon Project uses an unprecedented approach to deciphering the answers 
behind life's most puzzling questions; breaking through the flawed explanations 
of fragmented modern theory that compound each year to further mask the truth. 
See the overwhelming scientific evidence previously lost and re-discover the 
shocking answers that have been under our noses all along.
No matter your belief system or your professional background; The Horizon 
Project will change the way you look at everything!

Episode 01 of The Horizon Project begins with a frightening bang. Newly 
discovered scientific evidence shows that the world as we know it is about to 
come to an unexpected end; however, knowing what's coming over the horizon is 
only the tip of the iceberg; understanding WHY presents a picture far greater 
than you could have imagined.

Global catastrophic events throughout our past have severed the flow of 
information from one generation to the next, creating permanent gaps in history 
and knowledge. Civilizations that came before us knew of the upcoming 
inevitable catastrophe, leaving behind major clues that have just been recently 
discovered. The knowledge that was once lost is the missing link that provides 
a clear understanding of how our world truly operates. Ironically, these clues 
also inform us that time is running out; sooner than you may believe.

Understand what is about to happen but more importantly HOW and WHY. In Episode 
01, The Horizon Project Research Team will identify some of the signs that are 
scattered all over our planet and reveal a shocking truth!

The Horizon Project's charter is to gather and cross-check vast amounts of 
knowledge in many dozen specialized fields from scientists and researchers 
around the globe in addition to studying hundreds of historical documents 
spanning back to the dawn of history. These fields include archeology, geology, 
astro, geo & quantum physics, ancient languages & civilizations, paleontology, 
ancient history, genetics and others.

The emphasis is on solving the puzzles that each field is unable to solve 
individually because of overspecialization and their focus to advance their own 
specialized knowledge. The knowledge to explain many of these anomalies had 
been unknowingly found by other fields of study, but the very nature of most 
commercial research today does not support the unlimited exchange of 
information between fields since there is no overtly apparent connection 
between most of them. As a result, these anomalies remain unsolved until now.

By better understanding a much broader scope of scientific research covering 
many fields of study, and our own history from multiple vantage points, we are 
able to derive an overall picture of our past. This goal is monumental in scope 
and ongoing; however, the research has uncovered an unnerving understanding 
that the world as we know it is about to come to an unexpected end in our near 
future. The findings will not only shock you, but will change the way you look 
at life forever!

THIS IS A MUST SEE, EVERYONE SHOULD WATCH!



Sign up @ www.teamtptb(.)com