Mudvayne is an American alternative metal band formed in Peoria, Illinois in 1996. Members are lead singer Chad Gray, guitarist Greg Tribbett, bassist Ryan Martinie and drummer Matthew McDonough. Signed onto Epic Records, Mudvayne has released four studio albums, two compilations albums, and two DVDs.

Mudvayne rose to fame in 2000 with their debut album L.D. 50, which peaked at number 85 on the Billboard 200, and has since been certified gold by the RIAA. The lead single from the album, "Dig", won the MTV2 Award at the MTV Video Music Awards in 2001. This was also the first time the award was ever presented to a metal band. In 2006 Mudvayne was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the Grammy Awards for the single "Determined" from the band's 2005 studio album Lost and Found. Mudvayne has four gold certifications by the RIAA, and has sold nearly three million albums in the United States.

Mudvayne was produced by Dave Fortman's right-hand man Jeremy Parker and is "a little more retro for MUDVAYNE" from a songwriting point of view, according to Vocalist Chad Gray. "We've been kind of making this natural progression, and I think for this one, we just sort of naturally regressed," he told Noisecreep. "We took the smarter songwriting guys that we've become and mixed it with the not-smart songwriting guys that we were." The album is completely done and was recorded during Summer 2008 in El Paso, Texas. However on October 7, 2009 Mudvayne posted a bulletin on Myspace saying that they will be releasing a self-titled album on December 22, 2009 followed by a tour. They also have two new songs called "Beautiful and Strange" and "Heard it All Before" on their official Myspace page."Mudvayne" has been described by drummer Matt McDonough as "the best" CD "the band has recorded since our second album,'The End Of All Things to Come'." The effort will be released in three different formats — a standard jewel case edition, a deluxe version packaged with a black light and a super deluxe edition that features a larger black light, a special edition blacklight-reactive poster and more.

The artwork for the CD will be printed entirely in blacklight-reactive ink, making it only visible under a black light (a source of light whose wavelengths are primarily in the ultraviolet).

Current line-up 
Chad Gray − Vocals 
Greg Tribbett − Guitars 
Ryan Martinie − Bass 
Matthew McDonough − Drums 

Genre = Alternative Metal 
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
1. Beautiful And Strange 
2. 1000 Mile Journey 
3. Scream With Me 
4. Closer 
5. Heard It All Before 
6. I Can't Wait 
7. Beyond The Pale 
8. All Talk 
9. Out To Pasture 
10. Burn The Bridge 
11. Dead Inside