Worthy Is the Lamb (Animated Christian Movie) 

Jesus knows he has been sent by God as the Messiah to fulfill the foretold prophesies of the Old Testament prophets and the long awaited cries of the Jewish people. His courage, love, mercy and grace are all represented through his ultimate sacrifice. Worthy is the Lamb is an account of the last days of Jesus' ministry. Jesus has been preparing his followers for his death, burial and resurrection. As he tells his disciples of the final days ahead, he discloses that one of them will betray him. Judas feels unappreciated for his work in keeping up the financial portion of the ministry. As a result of his frustration, he has been taking money from the contributions given by the people, and yet feels he deserves more. All of the disciples are concerned by this accusation from Jesus and don't seem to notice as Judas leaves. The Jewish leaders have been angered by Jesus' proclamation of being the long awaited Messiah. Their own power and authority are at stake if Pontus Pilate, the Roman Emperor, thinks the Jews have acquired too much power. The Sanhedrin, the Jewish leaders, are looking for a way to stop Jesus without angering the people. Judas offers to betray Jesus for 30 pieces of silver. Jesus is betrayed by Judas as he is praying in the Garden of Gethsemane. He had asked the disciples to keep watch over him, but they all fell asleep, and the Roman guards arrive to arrested him. When Peter tries to fight off the soldiers with a sword, Jesus heals the wounded Roman soldier and reminds Peter that those who live by the sword will also die by the sword. The disciples fear for their lives and go into hiding. The Sanhedrin accuses Jesus of blasphemy. Caiphas demands that Jesus be brought before Pontius Pilate. Pilate finds no fault in Jesus' behavior and offers him up to the people. Passover is a time that the Romans allow a prisoner to be released. Barabbas was a convicted murder, and Jesus was accused of blasphemy. The people shout to deliver Barabbas and to crucify Jesus. Peter is accused of being a follower of Jesus and denies knowing him. Judas realizes he has betrayed an innocent man and can no longer live with the guilt. Jesus is scourged and nailed to a cross. Unknowingly, his family and friends look on with great sorrow and despair, as Jesus conquers sin and death. He prays for those who persecute him and then gives his spirit up to heaven so that the prophecy might soon be fulfilled through his resurrection.
 
Runtime: 33 min
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 2004
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 9/10 

If financially possible, please buy this CD/DVD to keep Christian films in business. If Christians won't buy Christian films then who will?

Please seed. Let each one of us who call ourself Christians seed 2-3 movies each. So that these movies may become a blessing to all those who are hungry for God's word & grace. May Jesus bless all those who are seeding the christian torrents.

PS: If you need any specific christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! 
He has done all he could. 
Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian		

