The X-Files for the Ps1                                           Rel. 11/30/1999


Format:        CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         4
Image:         MDS/MDF
Genre.:        FMV
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps1 or Ps2, Breaker Pro Boot CD, 
               Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip (Allows playing of backups) 
               or Psx Emulator. (You only need to use one of these methods).


Compressed with 7Zip, All 4 Game Discs were tested and work.


Note: No Ps1 Backup/Game or copy will work unless you have a modded Ps1/Ps2, or if 
      you use a bootdisc like Breaker Pro, you can also use a Game Enhancer/Built-
      in Mod-Chip which does the same as Breaker Pro for the Ps1. (If using 
      Breaker Pro or Game Enhancer for multi-disc games you'll have to use the 
      swap trick, A method of lifting the spring putting in any original ps1 game 
      releasing spring and waiting till the disc starts spinning faster then 
      quickly swap in your next game disc. This takes timing and practice to get 
      it right and only works for older Playstations).



Important - If using a Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip in case you didn't already know
            you must first have the spring in place and any original ps1 game 
            loaded. Then you power on the ps1 and the disc will spin for a little
            bit loading the Boot Code and stop spinning. Finally you swap in your
            Ps1 backup or Copy and start the game.



Release Notes - Though many game critics rate this game as poor I disagree. I first
                rented this when it came out and I thought it was awesome. I would
                recommend playing this on a regular Playstation or PSone, seems
                that the Ps2 doesn't emulate or play it good some game glitches.
                You get that with some psone games when playing on ps2. Also make
                sure your cd lens on ps2 or psone is dust free use a dust off 
                blower, in-case if the disc skips or won't load that's probably why. 
                I guess mine was dusty couldn't see the dust but it was there,
                games run fine now.
                



Game Description:

As an extension of one of the most long-running television series of all time, The X-Files, play through the eyes of Special Agent Craig Willmore, a new FBI field investigator brought in to locate missing agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully whose last location was the Everett, Washington, area. In this "movie quality" video production, characters are played by the actors and actresses from the show, including Gillian Anderson (Scully) and David Duchovny (Mulder).

As the game begins, you are given a briefing of your mission. Gather up all state-of-the-art spy tools (night vision goggles, a digital camera, PDA, lock picks, evidence kit, a standard issue revolver, handcuffs and badge) and then head out to follow their trail. As you explore the various locations, take photographs, pick up pieces of evidence and talk with people. Use your Newton PDA to access the navigational map, to make notes and send/receive e-mail. Trace telephone numbers, run background checks and license plate ids and even post an All Points Bulletin on missing persons using the computer network at your home or office. By using photo viewer software, download field photographs to the computer where they can be enlarged and studied more closely for clues.

Features include emotion icons for interjecting different tones during conversations (mean, humorous or technical) which effect the answer given. An in-game hint system, Artificial Intelligence, can be set on or off. In addition, there are multiple endings as a direct result of actions you take.

The Truth Is Out There ... Trust No One.


Game Pics Included.


Burn With Alcohol 120% (Included in Download).

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn All 4 Game Discs at 8x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or Questions Please Post a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!