Collection of Books on the topic of atheism and religion. All in PDF format. I would advise using Foxit pdf, if you don't already use it, as it is free and extremely quick. 

The majority are Atheist pdfs. A few are Science books, theist books, or related books. they're included for obvious reasons, like referencing and understanding. There are around 6 of these out of the 80 PDFs in this torrent.

Labeled author's last name first. If there are any problems with any of the PDFs or if they are mislabeled, please let me know. Thanks for seeding.

List of books/PDFs:

101 Contradictions in the Bible
Antony, Louise M. - Philosophers Without Gods
Armstrong, Karen - A History of God
Atheist Quotes - 1
Atheist Quotes - 2
Bank of Wisdom - Books Catalog
Bryson, Bill - A Short History of Nearly Everything
Converse, Raymond W. - Atheism as a Positive Social Force
D'Adamo, Arthur - Science Without Bounds
Dale, T. Nelson - The Harmony Between Christian Faith and Physical Science
Darwin, Charles - Origin of Species
Darwin, Charles - The Descent of Man
Dawkins, Richard - A Devil's Chaplain
Dawkins, Richard - Atheism And Awareness
Dawkins, Richard - Debating Religion
Dawkins, Richard - Good & Bad Reasons for Believing
Dawkins, Richard - How Dare You Call Me a Fundamentalist
Dawkins, Richard - The Ancestor's Tale
Dawkins, Richard - The Blind Watchmaker
Dawkins, Richard - The God Delusion
Dawkins, Richard - The Improbability Of God
Dawkins, Richard - The Selfish Gene
Dawkins, Richard - The Tanner Lectures on Human Values
Dawkins, Richard - Time to Stand Up
Dawkins, Richard - Unweaving The Rainbow
Dawkins, Richard - Viruses of the Mind
Dennett, Daniel C. - Breaking the Spell - Religion as a Natural Phenomenon
Dennett, Daniel C. - Darwin's Dangerous Idea
Ehrman, Bart D. - God's Problem
Ehrman, Bart D. - Misquoting Jesus
FriendlyAtheist.com - Atheist FAQ (Short and Nice)
Gaarder, Jostein - Sophie's World
Gibson, Mel - The Idiot's Guide to Atheism
Gilovich, Thomsa - How We Know What Isn't So
Goldman, Emma - The Philosophy of Atheism
Gould, Stephen Jay - Evolution as Fact and Theory
Harding, Nick - How to be a Good Atheist
Harris, Sam - 10 Myths and 10 Truths about Atheism
Harris, Sam - An Atheist Manifesto
Harris, Sam - Letter to a Christian Nation 
Harris, Sam - The End of Faith
Hastings, Sean and Paul Rosenberg - God Wants You Dead
Hawking, Stephen - A Brief History of Time
Hitchens, Christopher - God is not Great
John, Draper - History of the Conflict Between Religion and Science
Kernohan, Andrew - A Guide for the Godless
Konner, Joan - The Atheist's Bible
Lamont, Corliss - The Philosophy of Humanism
Martin, Michael - The Cambridge Companion to Atheism
Mcgrath, Alister & Joanna Collicutt - The Dawkins Delusion
Meslier, Jean - Superstition in All Ages
Mills, David - Atheist Universe
Onfray, Michel - In Defense of Atheism
Pennock, Robert - Tower of Babel
Plantinga, Alvin - Theism, Atheism, Rationality
Popper, Karl - Logic of Scientific Discovery
Rushdie, Salman - The Satanic Verses
Russel, Bertrand - Why I am Not a Christian
Sagan, Carl - Billions & Billions
Sagan, Carl - Can We Know The Universe
Sagan, Carl - The Burden of Skepticism
Sagan, Carl - The Fine Art of Baloney Detection
Sagan, Carl - Wonder and Skepticism
Schick, Theodore Jr. and Lewis Vaughn - informal fallacies
Shanks, Niall - God, the Devil, and Darwin
Shelley, Percy  Bysshe - The Necessity of Atheism
Sim, Stuart - Empire of Belief
Slone, D. Jason - Theological Incorrectness
Smith, George - Atheism - The Case Against God
Sousa, Ronald De - Why Think? - The Evolution of the Rational Mind
Steele, David Ramsay - Atheism Explained
Stenger, Victor - God - The Failed Hypothesis
Teller, Woosley - The Atheism of Astronomy
The Orthodox New Testament
The Atheist Empire (Atheistempire.com) - Great Minds Quotes Against Religion v1
The Open Society (Volume 79, number 1, Autumn 2006) - A Born Humanist
Trakakis, Nick - The God Beyond Belief
Wainwright, William, J. (editor) - The Oxford Handbook of Philosophy of Religion
We Believe That Reality Does Matter