Mercenary Wars Setup Client 00710240021

Mercenary Wars Overview and Features:

Mercenary Wars features a large number of characters that the player can customize. For each new character that a player earns in-game they can allocate a set amount of points into different stats to give them different strengths. For example, there are stats to increase a character's skill with SMGs, Rifles, and Sniper Rifles. A player can also increase its character's walking speed, grenade-throwing abilities, defense increases and much more.
Although a player must select just one of its characters to start a battle with, they may switch between them during re-spawn time. If a player's selected character specializes in SMGs and speed, they can switch to their sniper specialist while re-spawning, thus allowing an added depth of strategy and the ability to adapt to what is going on on the battlefield.

Mercenary Wars will also feature an innovative Artificial Intelligence system where computer controlled “bots” can be used in several ways ranging from practice to enhancing game play. Via four difficulty modes, players can select their desired skill level no matter what their previous FPS experience might be. Other features include multiple gameplay modes, a variety of character types and races, extensive ranking system including more than 50 different character ranks and title, an expansive number of weapons and equipment available for character customization and a built-in player-to-player audio communication tool for enhanced real-world combat simulation.

Modes:

Team Deathmatch- In Mercenary Wars' "Team Deathmatch" mode, two teams face off in combat against each other and the team with the highest kills wins. In this head-to-head battle, the winner is the team which has more kills when the time expires or the team which reaches the prerequisite number of kills first. Killed players are automatically re-spawned in just a few seconds.

Plant The Bomb- In the "Plant the Bomb" mode there are two teams competing against each other. Each of the two sides is given their mission-one is trying to plant the bomb and the other trying to prevent that from happening. The bomb is given to one member of the attacking team at random and once it is planted it is detonated within a limited time period.

Mercenary Team Deathmatch- In the "Mercenary Team Deathmatch" mode, a team may be organized with AI or mixed with players and AI's. The team with the highest kills wins the round and killed players re-spawn in just a few seconds. The side that reaches its kill quota first, or has more kills when time expires, wins!

Destruction Race- Two teams operate in Destruction Race mode and race to destroy the opponents defended target. Each side has a number of destroyable targets on their side of the map, and the side to destroy the targets belonging to the opponent wins the competition! Killed players are automatically re-spawned at their last captured target position. Other special features include a map divided into sections that must be defended. 
http://www.freemmogamer.com/2009/01/mercenary-wars.html

Enjoy!

CapSin