Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos.


Ironbound is the fifteenth full length studio album by American thrash metal band Overkill, which was released on January 29, 2010 in Europe on Nuclear Blast Records and in the U.S. on February 9, 2010 on E1 Music.  It is their first studio album in more than two years since the release of Immortalis in the fall of 2007, and their first release on their current labels Nuclear Blast and E1 Music.

Overkill is an American thrash metal band, formed in 1980 in New Jersey. The band has been active since 1984, releasing 15 studio albums, 2 EPs, 2 live albums and a "covers" album. The band also has a notable mascot (named Chaly), a skeletal bat with a skull-like face, bony wings, and green eyes. It has appeared on most of their album covers. Overkill has gone through many line-up changes, with singer Bobby "Blitz" Ellsworth and bassist D.D. Verni remaining as founding members. Along with Anthrax (whose one-time lead guitarist, Dan Spitz, was also an early member of Overkill), the band is one of the most successful east coast thrash metal bands.

In late 2004, after a Japanese tour with Death Angel and Flotsam and Jetsam, the band started work on another record in D.D. Verni's own recording studio. The album, ReliXIV, was produced and mixed by the band themselves and released in March 2005.

Overkill toured the eastern US in April 2005, and just before they went on a European tour in May, it was announced that Tim Mallare would not take part in this tour; replacing him was former Hades drummer Ron Lipnicki. A few weeks later, the band announced that Mallare had left the band on a permanent basis and Lipnicki was his replacement. In the summer of 2005, Overkill organized their first US west coast tour in more than ten years, playing Western Canada to Southern California. The tour was such a success that the band was added to the 2006 Gigantour bill, as second stage headliners, marking Overkill's first nationwide US tour since 1994.

Now with Bodog Music, the band rejoined forces with Jonny and Marsha Zazula, previous owners of Megaforce Records, who are now part of the Bodog Team in the United States. Overkill unleashed its 15th studio album, Immortalis, on October 9, 2007. The album featured Overkill's latest lineup, which, along with founders Bobby "Blitz" Ellsworth and D.D. Verni, includes guitarists Derek Tailer and Dave Linsk, as well as the newest member to join the band, drummer Ron Lipnicki. Lamb Of God vocalist Randy Blythe contributed vocals on the song "Skull And Bones".

On October 30, 2009, it was reported that Overkill had inked a multi-album deal with Nuclear Blast Records. The band's next album, Ironbound — which is described as a true "thrashter-piece" — was released on February 9, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

