Hottest scene tracker on net :    http://www.scenetime.com
             
 

 Join now and support  scenetime.com  to grow faster
 
 Credit to EVERYONE for sharing and seeding back
 especially to scenetime.com where i get all my 
 downloads.



...................................NFO:.................................................
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
Prime.Cups.9.XXX.DVDRiP.XviD-VBT



Screen: http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=49v5b_1124238_primecups9xx.jpg
        http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=6n6vv_1124239_primecups9xx.jpg

Cast: Evita Da Souza, Jessica Moore, Lisa Sparkle, Rita Faltoyano

In Prime Cups 9, director Raul Cristian serves up six scenes of top-heavy Euro-babes in solo scenes and coupled up with Euro-studs in his trademark up-close and fearless style. Blonde and busty Jessica Moore oils herself up in preparation for Tristan Seagal and Mugur, who drive their cocks deep down her throat and tit-fuck her before they bang her front and back, boobs bouncing all the way. Sensual blonde Lucy strips down to her fishnet thigh-highs and plays with a giant glass dildo before Titus Steel and Mugur crash her private party in a heavily oral and anal scene. Brunette Lisa Sparkle flashes the camera on the sidewalk of a busy highway bridge and then heads to a private garden where she plays with herself and then with Lauro Giotto as he nails her on a patio table in a hot quick scene. Rita Faltoyano plays with her outsized jugs and pink pussy, oiling up her torso and driving two fingers up her ass when James Brossman walks up and fucks her cock-level mouth before he puts his cock where her fingers were. Their anal intensive scene trades off doggy, cowgirl and piledriver anal with enough ATM to please the most jaded connoisseur until Brossman explodes, coating Faltoyano's chest from her collarbone to the top of her tits before she starts to rub it in. Blonde Evita DeSouza and brunette Eufrat spice up the DVD with solo scenes, with Evita in a sunlit garden and an outdoor shower, and the intense Eufrat teasing and pleasing herself front and back with a shimmering blue dildo. Director Raul Cristian takes his camera from outdoor patios and intimate bedrooms to rooftop nooks and public highways, filled with lustful, busty women and the pleasures they can give - and receive.Raul Cristian's Prime Cups 9 is a single-disc DVD including photo slide show and a bonus solo scene with Czech cutie Roxana.