P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! !

Mafia II DVDRIP (C) 2K Games

Release Date  :  08-26-2010             Protection   :  Steam + CEG
Release Type  :  DVDRIP                 Game Genre   :  Action

Release Notes:

Vito Scaletta has started to make a name for himself on the streets of
Empire Bay as someone who can be trusted to get a job done. Together with
his buddy Joe, he is working to prove himself to the Mafia, quickly
escalating up the family ladder with crimes of larger reward, status and
consequence the life as a wise guy isnt quite as untouchable as it seems.

Action-Packed Gameplay: Intense gunplay, white-knuckle car chases and
visceral hand-to-hand combat it will take all that and more to become a
made man.

Epic Gangster Story: Inspired by iconic mafia drama, the compelling
characters and cinematic presentation will pull players into the allure
and impossible escape of life in the Mafia.

Immersive World and Period: Enter the world of Empire Bay - World War II
is raging in Europe and the architecture, cars, music and clothing all
echo the period in stunning detail. As time passes, hot rod cars, 50s
fashion and some of the eras best music reflect the birth of a cool new
era.

Illusion Engine: 2K Czechs proprietary Illusion Engine, allows gamers to
explore Empire Bays 10 square miles of beautifully rendered outdoor
environments and intricately designed interiors.

Soundtrack Reflects the Mood of the Era: Players will be immersed in the
Golden Era of America as Mafia II features tracks from some of the eras
most influential artists.

Multi language: English, German, French, Italian and Spanish

Ripped  Nothing

Install Notes:

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Burn the Iso with Nero Burning ROM or equivalent,
alternative option is mounting the image with Daemon-Tools.
3. Install
4. After install is done: copy ALL the content from Unleashed folder to
your installation folder and run runme.exe
5. Play

Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!

To be or not to be Unleashed