Framed in a flashback related by doctor Thomas Mitchell, The Hurricane is in essence the story of a struggle between individual freedom and colonial oppression. Jon Hall plays Terangi, a tempestuous native of the French-controlled island of Manakoora. After marrying childhood sweetheart Marama (Dorothy Lamour, saronged as usual), Terangi takes a job on a ship. While docked in Tahiti, Teragni is goaded into a fight by a white man-an offense punishable by a stiff prison term. French governor DeLaage (Raymond Massey) has nothing personal against the native, but he is dedicated to upholding the strict letter of the law. Even the appeals made on behalf of Terangi by doctor Mitchell, priest C. Aubrey Smith, ship's captain Jerome Cowan and the governor's own wife (Mary Astor) fail to weaken DeLaage's resolve to do his duty. Thus begins a chain of events that entangles the freedom-loving Terangi in the impenetable web of white "justice". Time and again Terangi escapes from prison, only to be recaptured and sentenced to longer and longer terms. Finally managing to make his way back to Manakoora -- and killing a prison guard in the process -- Terangi continues to be doggedly pursued by DeLaage. Just as Terangi is about to sail off to parts unknown in an outrigger canoe with Marama and their child, the hurricane begins. At the risk of his own life, and his freedom, Terangi rescue DeLaage's wife and several other storm refugees. Largely the handiwork of art director James Basevi, the hurricane of The Hurricane was not directed by the film's official helmsman John Ford, but by an uncredited Stuart Heisler -- a fact readily acknowledged by Ford. Adapted by Dudley Nichols and Oliver H. P. Garrett from a novel by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall, The Hurricane was poorly remade in 1979 with Jason Robards and Mia Farrow in the Raymond Massey and Mary Astor roles. 

   General
      Complete name : The Hurricane.avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 697 MiB
      Duration : 1h 43mn
      Overall bit rate : 939 Kbps
      Writing application : Nandub v1.0rc2
      Writing library : Nandub build 1853/release
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 1h 43mn
      Bit rate : 850 Kbps
      Width : 512 pixels
      Height : 384 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4:3
      Frame rate : 23.976 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.180
      Stream size : 631 MiB (91%)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : MPEG Audio
      Format version : Version 1
      Format profile : Layer 3
      Codec ID : 55
      Codec ID/Hint : MP3
      Duration : 1h 43mn
      Bit rate mode : Variable
      Bit rate : 76.2 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 1 channel
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Resolution : 16 bits
      Stream size : 56.6 MiB (8%)
      Alignment : Aligned on interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 24 ms (0.58 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 493 ms

IMDB: tt0029030

English audio; English, French, Spanish and Portuguese subtitles