Eckhart Tolle - Touching the Eternal (2002) 6 of 6

India Retreat - 2002

Through the centuries countless people from around the world have been coming to India,thirsty in their search for truth. Considered to be the birthplace of spirituality, India has produced more great mystics and spiritual teachers than any other country. What more fitting place for Eckhart to speak of the eternal Now? It is here on the banks of the holy Ganga, amidst the snow-capped Himalayas and the tremendous beauty of scarlet sunsets that a group of determined souls from around the globe met to sit together in silence. With Eckhart’s guidance, the rigors of living in India served as teachers pointing to the release of attachment to form and to seeing deeper into the inner. Join them in this transformational experience and allow yourself to be guided through words and stillness into
the state of presence. This is the surrendered state of consciousness in which the very limitations of form become an opening into the divine. During this seven day retreat Eckhart speaks with humble authenticity, wisdom and humour on a wide range of subjects, including children and spirituality, conscious suffering, self-esteem, couple partnerships, falling in love, addiction, guilt, forgiveness, prayer, death and dying, loneliness and devotion.


The Renunciation of Thought
Day 1 India Retreat - 2002

The wake-up call, to which Eckhart points, on the first day of this 8-day retreat, is the awakening out of the dream of thought. While speaking of the entrapping limitations of the false self, Eckhart also shows the way to accessing an underlying, joyful dimension of alert still presence, a presence beyond belief. In the two talks included in this video, Eckhart explores, with uncomplicated clarity, the essence of all spiritual teachings. Taking a historical look at the evolution of human consciousness, beginning with the Garden of Eden, Eckhart points to how in this present age, we are coming to the end of thought and entering into the next stage of human evolution. Eckhart puts forth the Questions: "Do you need time for spiritual realization? What is the difference between you and a spiritual master? Do we have choice?"


Death Dying: The Greatest Portal
Day 2 India Retreat - 2002

"Danger! All structures are unstable." In the morning talk on this second day of the retreat, Eckhart honours the various states of dissolution of the human form and points to the liberation that may take place during the dissolution and the awakening. He, then, helps us to deal with the emptiness left after loss or death. During the afternoon session, also on this video, Eckhart speaks in depth of spiritual practice, pointers to go beyond the mind stream and minor challenges to sustaining presence.

Other topics: inner body awareness, renunciation of the root of the false self, dimensions of perception, projection, the purpose of your life, sacred transformation, human interaction and insomnia.


The Power of Not Knowing
Day 3 India Retreat - 2002

Eckhart tells it all after opening the morning session with nothing to say. These two talks are filled with insights! Although ‘not-knowing’ is a difficult place for most humans, Eckhart shows you how this state can actually move you towards a higher sense of knowing.
Later while ‘dissecting’ the pain body, Eckhart gives insight into the nature and the transformation of this emotional entity. Eckhart encourages us to surrender our attachment to the horror, injustices and evils of this world and presents us with a response that is both compassionate and forgiving of all human unconsciousness and madness (including our own).

Other topics: peace beyond understanding, recognition of That - the I Am, eternal Presence, eternal Now ness, the fallacy of self-esteem, how suffering really works and individual and
collective pain and suffering.


Addiction to Suffering
Day 4 India Retreat - 2002

How much do you want peace? At this morning’s talk, Eckhart asks, "What part of you doesn’t want Peace and wants only to enhance itself through conflict and problems?" Eckhart brings us face to face with our unconscious escaping from Presence and supports us to find the bridge between resistance and non-resistance. In the afternoon, responding to questions from the audience, Eckhart tells us what we’ve always wanted to know, about sexuality and Presence. Other topics on this video: why we are not all born awakened, male and female involvement in spiritual practices, pain and suffering involved with motherhood, the loss of a child, the power and energy behind books, romantic longing and loneliness.



Spiritual Practice and Patterns of Resistance
Day 5 India Retreat - 2002

After dancing onto the stage at this morning talk, Eckhart reminds us how form is completely unimportant and then inspires us to use a gentle fierceness in detaching from it. Later, Eckhart explores two aspects of resistance, especially resistance in conflict-ridden relationships, and gives suggestions for dealing with reactivity in others and ourselves.
With compassion and clarity, Eckhart cuts to the unconscious impulse under all addictions, revealing how the Now can be of assistance in transforming these desires and urges. Eckhart places great emphasis in the afternoon’s talk on the dissolution of the false self as a spiritual practice. "True life begins when the mind-made "little-me" self dissolves." Then it is "life living me - through this form".



The Last Delusion
Day 6 India Retreat - 2002

Experience an energy that is poignant with spacious silence and love. The previous days of the retreat have carried us to this extraordinary point, the last day of the retreat to this final call to awakening into conscious awareness. Eckhart reveals the end of egoic conditioning as a cosmic event that goes far beyond the personal awakening of the individual. Explore and realize what the last delusion is, collectively and individually.
Other topics: the one basic ignorance, non-duality, judging others, inferiority/superiority complexes, other forms of intelligence and impermanence.
