Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"I Touch Myself" is a 1991 pop rock  song about masturbation written by Christina Amphlett, Tom Kelly, Billy Steinberg and Mark McEntee for Australian rock band Divinyls' self-titled album. The song has since been covered by numerous artists.

Divinyls recorded "I Touch Myself" for the first single from their fifth album, Divinyls. Christina Amphlett and Mark McEntee wrote the song with the songwriting team of Tom Kelly and Billy Steinberg (who have written songs such as "I'll Stand by You," "Like a Virgin," "Eternal Flame," "True Colors" and "So Emotional"). Billy Steinberg had "I Touch Myself" in his notebook; he'd written the first verse and the chorus lyric. Amphlett liked it immediately. The next day, McEntee, Steinberg, Kelly, and Amphlett got together and wrote the rest, an unusual move as Steinberg and Kelly rarely collaborated with others.

Putting the song together took a lot of trial and error. It was recorded to two inch tape, making it difficult to edit. After significant experimentation they came up with an unusual structure with the bridge placed after the first chorus.

In Australia "I Touch Myself" was released as a CD single in December 1990 and debuted at number thirty-one later that month. After five weeks of being in the chart the song jumped to number-one knocking Vanilla Ice's debut single "Ice Ice Baby" off the top spot and stayed there for another week. It debuted on the UK Singles Chart at position sixty-nine and on its eighth week it peaked at number ten (its peak position in the UK) and spent a total of twelve weeks in the chart. When released in the United States, the song caused a minor controversy. However, it managed to reach the top five of the Billboard Hot 100 chart, peaking at number four, and peaked at number two on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart, after receiving extensive play on modern rock radio, which was more accepting of the song's crude nature.

Divinyls is the fourth studio album by Australian band Divinyls, released on January 29, 1991 (see 1991 in music) by Virgin Records. The album was the band's most successful, peaking at No.5 in Australia and No.15 in the US. The album also contained the band's biggest-selling single, "I Touch Myself", which reached No.1 in Australia, No.4 in the US and No.10 in the UK.

The album was the only album recorded by the band with the Virgin Records label after a recording contract with Chrysalis Records in the UK was terminated. Virgin told manager Andrew McManus they were keen to sign the band – by then comprising just singer Chrissy Amphlett and guitarist Mark McEntee – because they saw Amphlett as "the next Madonna". Amphlett and McEntee moved to an apartment in Paris where they wrote "Love School", "Make Out Alright" and "Lay Your Body Down", before transferring to Los Angeles, where the remainder of the album was written, partly in collaboration with songwriters Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly.

The album was recorded at Jackson Browne's Groove Masters Studio in Santa Monica, with backing provided by bassist Randy Jackson, keyboardist Benmont Tench of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and drummer Charley Drayton.

Director Michael Bay filmed a video for "I Touch Myself" in a nunnery in Pasadena. The clip was nominated for an MTV award and was banned in general exhibition hours on Australian television.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

