 http://www.deepleafaudio.com/illuminatus.htm
 
http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/IlluminatusAudiobook3.jpg[

Robert Shea &
Robert Anton Wilson

Illuminatus! Part I
The Eye in the Pyramid

Performed by: Ken Campbell
& Chris Fairbank
Audio Length: 13 hours
Category: Unabridged Fiction
Format: 32kbps MP3 

\"It was the year when they finally immanentized the Eschaton.\" And so begins the original and genuine trilogy of conspiracies, Illuminatus!. For the first time in audiobook form, Deepleaf Audio presents the unabridged Trilogy in all its grandeur, spookiness, hilarity and brilliance.

Part I - The Eye in the Pyramid was performed by the incomparable Ken Campbell and Chris Fairbank, and broadcast live in London on ResonanceFM in June 2006. In 1976, Ken Campbell adapted Illuminatus! for the stage - a 10 hour epic which went on to open the Royal National Theatre in London under the patronage of Her Majesty Elizabeth II. Chris Fairbank played Simon Moon, among other characters, in the Campbell production which included Jim Broadbent, Bill Nighy, David Rappoport and Bill Drummond. 30 years and 23 Fernando Poos since Ken and Chris first breathed life into Shea and Wilson\'s masterpiece and Illuminatus! seems even more startlingly relevant and chock full of laughter than ever before. Enjoy the Trips!

WHAT OTHERS SAY

“What we have is a cross between a literary acid trip and a political tour de farce.” –Playboy

\"An epic fantasy…a devilish funny work, loaded with humor, puns up-level ironies that make you burst out laughing (if you aren’t frightened by them), wordplay, and camp characters. It shimmers with illusion and paradox that prove delight after magical delight…a jolting theater of the absurd that draws the audience into the play, farcical black tragicomdey that turns out to have been written by you and me…. If you want to read a riddle wrapped in an enigma within a conundrum that turns out to be the best secret in the world, get the Illuminatus! trilogy. It strips away illusion.” – John White, New Age Journal

“A fairy tale for paranoids.” – Epicine Wildblood *

“…one of the most amusing, most imaginative fantasies to come along in a while…Illuminatus! horses around with the conspiracy theory of history:  through secret sects, political movements, saviors, religion, historical characters, drugs, sex, government and just about every other institution…. Spaced out, erotic, funny, masterly…the nth degree of surrealism…. Readers will love the whole psychedelic puzzle…” – Publishers Weekly

 
http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/Illuminatus2Audiobook212.jpg

Robert Shea &
Robert Anton Wilson

Illuminatus! Part II - The Golden Apple
Includes original PROLOGUE

A full cast, multi-voice recording
Audio Length: 10 hours
Category: Unabridged Fiction
Format: MP3 

\"Nausea, then microamnesia, then the laughing jag, then sex. Be patient. The clear light comes next. Then we can discuss Truth. As if we haven\'t been discussing it all along.\" - Hagbard Celine, The Golden Apple

Illuminatus! Part II is performed in all its unabridged brilliance by a full ensemble cast. Audiobook includes a 30 minute rendition of the original PROLOGUE, only published in the first separate editions of the The Trilogy. Packaged in a carnival bundle of timeless truths and Joycean high camp, The Golden Apple serves as a perennial instruction manual for life on Earth in which you\'ll be lucky enough to learn: the Guerrilla Ontology of Markoff Chaney; the secret history of Atlantis; the conspiracy against sex; the origins of the Trojan War (starring Eris, the namesake of our solar system\'s newest planet); why gorillas and dolphins don\'t ordinarily talk to us; the startling truth about UFOs; and the final secret of the Illuminati. Consider yourself warned. PRAISE BOBS!

WHAT OTHERS SAY

\"If baseball can have a designated hitter, why can\'t science fiction have a designated underground classic? Well, apparently it can, and Illuminatus! is its name.\"  – Booklist

“The ultimate conspiracy book…the biggest sci-cult novel to come along since Dune. Based on the actual incarnations of the mystic Illuminati sects, which include the Hashisi, the  Knightes Templars, and the Masons, among others, the novel ties together everything you’ve ever dreaded about Watergate, the Mafia, UFOs, all the recent political assassinations, Atlantis, Naxi Germany, giant rock festivals, the CIA, pyramid power, John Dillinger, LSD, yoga, the FBI, and the last words of Dutch Scutz – for starters – in a hilariously raunchy style.” –  The Village Voice

\"Funny, savagely sarcastic, definitely anarchistic…wild and irreverent…(Shea and Wilson blend) a marvelous amount of fact and inspired fiction (together to weave) one of the most dizzying tales I’ve come across in years…. Laugh or rage at it or with it…you won’t be able to put it down.” – Fred Pooj, Limit 

 
http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/Illuminatus3Audiobook212.jpg

Robert Shea &
Robert Anton Wilson

Illuminatus! Part III - Leviathan
Includes Prologue and The Appendices

A full cast, multi-voice recording Appendices performed by Ken Campbell
Audio Length: 11 hours
Category: Unabridged Fiction
Format: MP3 

\"The ultimate weapon isn\'t this plague out in Vegas, or any new super H-bomb. The ultimate weapon has always existed. Every man, every woman, and every child owns it. It\'s the ability to say No and take the consequences.\" - Hagbard Celine, Leviathan

Illuminatus! Part III cheerfully ushers in the apocalyptic high-camp conclusion of the Illuminatus! Trilogy. The 9th and 10th Trips are performed by a grand ensemble cast. The Appendices (which are most instructive) are performed by the incomparable Ken Campbell, bringing the audiobook trilogy full circle. Part III includes the PROLOGUE, previously only published in the original separate editions of the Trilogy. The Illuminati has never looked so good. ALL HAIL ERIS!


WHAT OTHERS SAY

\"This book\'s as freaked out as the come and a gas of a read.\"  – Publisher\'s Weekly

\"The longest shaggy joke in literary history…. A hundred pages in I couldn’t figure out why I was wasting my time with this nonsense…after three hundred I was having too much fun to quit, and by the end I was eager to believe every word  – even if the only conspiracy at work here is Shea and Wilson’s devilish exploitation of our need to made ordered sense out of everything under the sun…. I loved it.\" – Greil Marcus, Rolling Stone

“All the ingredients: kinky sex, raunchy language, and a fantasy plot that oscillated between a schizoid nightmare and a psychedelic dream.\" –  Booklist

“…akin to some of the work of Thomas Pynchon…Illuminatus! is one of the great American satires.” -- Berkeley Barb 


