File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Substitute" is a song by The Who written by Pete Townshend. It was released as a single in March 1966, when it reached #5 in the UK, and was later included on the compilation album Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy in 1971. It became a UK top ten hit again when re-issued in 1976, reaching #7.

Punk rock group The Ramones covered the song on their Acid Eaters album, and it was also released as a single by the Sex Pistols. English rock band Blur also covered this song in a 1994 tribute album to The Who called Who Covers Who? It was also covered by The Stereophonics and heavy metal band Great White. English "progressive" rock band Marillion did a cover of this song for a fans only CD.

The song was played as a collaboration between Silverchair and Powderfinger at the end of their concerts on the Across the Great Divide Tour.

Acid Eaters is the thirteenth studio album by the American punk band The Ramones.

Recorded in 1993, towards the end of the Ramones' career, the album is often set apart from other Ramones releases in that it is entirely composed of covers. Acid Eaters forms a musical tribute to the Ramones' 60s favourites, and highlights the influence that garage rock bands like The Seeds or the Amboy Dukes, and better known bands such as the Beach Boys, The Who and The Rolling Stones, (all of whom are covered in this album) had on their music.

Acid Eaters was not the first time that the Ramones had played or recorded cover songs. In the past, the Ramones had placed cover songs in almost every album to translate their favorite songs to the punk rock sound. Covers had always formed a minor part of the Ramones' act, and a version of Chris Montez's hit "Let's Dance" (written by and credited to Jim Lee) even appeared on their debut album. Other notable covers previously performed by the group include The Searchers' "Needles and Pins" (written by Sonny Bono and Jack Nitzsche, originally recorded by Jackie DeShannon), "Baby, I Love You" by The Ronettes, "Take It As It Comes" by The Doors, "Surfin' Bird" by The Trashmen, "California Sun" by The Rivieras (originally recorded by Joe Jones) and Bobby Freeman's "Do You Wanna Dance?". Acid Eaters, however, was the first complete set of covers, and the songs it contains are much more significant than the seemingly randomly distributed covers on the Ramones' other works.

Covers such as "Surf City" by Jan and Dean—which was performed live by the Ramones in the early 80's—can easily be related to the Ramones' previous surf-rock influenced songs such as Rocket to Russia 's "Rockaway Beach". Pete Townshend supplies backing vocals on The Who cover "Substitute", while Tracy Lords sings on "Somebody to Love".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/