The beauty of the British is in the great cultural charm they
bring to the world in their literature and certainly in their productions
on the stage, etc.

Poirot (with David Suchet) is the best family viewing of this sort,
and offers lovely articulation improvement to many who are so inclined.

To donate this series would be a better investment in "foreign aid"
or PR promotion than many other expenditures folks are involved in
on foreign shores right just now.

I always feel rejuvanated in my spirit after immersing myself
for an hour or two at a time in my British programming library,
and this is no doubt true of my fellow compatriots in most parts
of Europe certainly and Australia in the same breath. Then again
you'd be amazed how much loved this series is in America as I believe
that they are in fact the closest thing next to the Australians in
keeping of the faith as it were in sensible fashion I venture to add.

Here are for you a full dozen episodes of Poirot with David Suchet
The DVDs come from the "Collectors Series" in this title and this is
lots enough to feel you are doing your bit to share british culture
of great worth and merit. We wouldn't burden you with 50 episodes
or whatever else we could have done, since that's overkill of youre just
trying to do enough without going overboard on a series.

Here are the episodes listed for you to enjoy:

Complete volume one
The disappearance of Mr. Davensheim
The veiled Lady
The Lost mine

Complete volume two
The Cornish mystery
Double Sin
The adventure of the cheap flat

Complete volume three
The kidnapped Prime Minister
The adventure of the Northern Star
How does your garden grow?

Complete volume four
The million dollar bond robbery
The Plymouth Express
Wasps nest

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo.info

The DVDs from which the conversion was made were just received
from our Columbia House DVD club and are on route to the local library
as a donation to help share this great quality programming into local
communities everywhere.
