File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.

"All She Wrote" was the fourth and final single from the self-titled FireHouse by the American rock band FireHouse. The single peaked at #58 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was written by guitarist Bill Leverty and vocalist C.J. Snare. The promotional video for the song was filmed at the O.C. Tanner Amphitheater in Springdale, Utah.

FireHouse is the debut album of the band FireHouse. It was released in 1990 and launched the band into stardom. It was certified 2x Platinum in the United States, and Gold in Canada, Japan, and Singapore.

The album spawned four singles, "Shake & Tumble", "Don't Treat Me Bad", "All She Wrote", and their signature power ballad, "Love of a Lifetime".

The song "Don't Walk Away" was used in a scene of the 2008 movie The Wrestler, directed by Darren Aronofsky.

FireHouse is an American hard rock band formed in Charlotte, North Carolina in 1989. The band reached stardom during the early 1990s with hit singles like "Don't Treat Me Bad" and "All She Wrote", as well as their signature ballads "I Live My Life for You", "Love of a Lifetime", and "When I Look Into Your Eyes". At the 1992 American Music Awards, FireHouse won the award for Best New Hard Rock/Metal Band. They were chosen over Nirvana and Alice in Chains.

Despite diminishing success in the United States as the decade progressed, the band remained very popular in Asia, mainly in countries like Japan, Thailand, and Singapore. FireHouse continued to release new material throughout the late 1990s and into the early 2000s, most of which has successfully charted in Japan. The band has also continued to tour internationally as of 2007, having participated twice in the annual Rock Never Stops Tour with other bands of the 1980s. FireHouse is estimated to have sold 7 million albums worldwide since their debut.

Originally composed of vocalist C.J. Snare, guitarist Bill Leverty, guitarist Cosby Ellis, drummer Michael Foster, and bassist Perry Richardson, the band has maintained its original members with the exception of Cosby Ellis, who left the band in 1989 after co-writing the multi platinum debut recording and was not replaced, and Richardson, who departed in 2000 due to conflict. Richardson was replaced three times before current bassist Allen McKenzie was given the position in 2004.

My Videos:

 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

