POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at
POtHS - Satan - 09 - In Washington DC - Part 4


I just noticed this as I was editing this page: Look at The Word Satan above. Can't help but notice the Cross of Jesus splitting Satan into halves. The more you look, the more Jesus appears, even in the middle of Satan, there is the CROSS. (t) That same cross or (t) is in the Center POtHS also.

Remember when we used to pledge allegiance to the Flag.....one Nation Under God, indivisible......Did you know that the God they are talking about is the Fallen Angel Satan, not The Creator, Yahweh. Not to worry if you have The Faith, Jesus will be here soon to take "Old Scratch" to the "WOODSHED" and lites those Flames.

This county was Formed by The Founding Fathers for Religious Freedom. Little did we know that The Founding Fathers were Freemasons who Formed The Columbia Faction of The Illuminati. District of Columbia, Columbia Broadcasting, Columbia University, Columbia Space Shuttle are just a few of their namesakes. Needless to say the Bavarian Fraction were not to Happy with the Founders. They still battle today only they use our military, killing innocent millions for their God Satan. We are just PAWNS to them and they are just PAWNS to their master, Old Scratch. Everyone has a boss and so do the Illuminati, who are just mere puppets to the power of their Masters, The Fallen Angels. 

[size=20]Many thanks to all the Film Makers that brought these facts to life.

I am using a new Dedicated SEED BOX that uploads at high rates of speed. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address pm016.xirvik.com. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download bandwidth. This server has 400 times more bandwidth than my Comcast connection.


The World Governments that are run by The Banksters, that are empowered by Lucifer, are The True Terrorists, only The Final Showdown between Lucifer and Jesus will save Mankind. We know who wins the Battle, The Creator of The Universe, of course!!!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
 
http://www.projectcamelot.org 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father.  

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   