Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

Maps: Turning the Mind(Mute)
release date: (28 Sep 2009)

weareposr.com review:
The new maps album, Turning the Mind, is definitely not to be missed. It has the dark, drug rock feel of an early to mid career Spiritualized record – organs and all! However, it never feels too heavy or bogged down. It’s quite the opposite; with uplifting vocals, chord progressions, and strings, as heard on “I Dream of Crystal”, it is connotative to that of the polyphonic spree in it’s many moments of glee and ecstasy. It’s as if James Chapman, the man behind Maps, is killing himself in his pursuit of happiness; there is even a track entitled “Die Happy Die Smiling”. There are intense minimalist moments, such as the opening of “nothing” that make me want to cry like a Muse song sometimes makes me want to cry; but then Maps drops a nice beat with plenty of interesting, and sometimes dirty, synths to make me feel like dancing… and maybe crying and laughing too.
So many emotions come and go as I listen to Turning the Mind, but boredom is never one of them. It is a very cohesive work, which I never found any tracks that are there just as “fluff” or “fillers” in. The project has conquered one very big quality that I look for in music: two opposing sounds working synergistically to create something familiar yet so new that you can’t quite put your finger on why you love it so much. Turning the Mind is both dark and uplifting. It leaves me feeling warm with a tinge of cold shudders, like I just got home safely from a long, harrowing journey. This is an LP full of gems that I definitely recommend digging up.

The Guardian review:
James Chapman, aka Maps, seems to have taken the old Spacemen 3 slogan "Taking drugs to make music to take drugs to" as a motto. The follow-up to 2007's blissful We Can Create documents the effects of stimulants on the human brain. He claims to have done "a lot of research" in this process, which may mean he spent the first album's proceeds getting wasted. He hasn't been wasting his time, though, and Turning the Mind heralds a new Maps sound. In come synthesisers for guitars; there are nods to the dancefloor, angrier lyrics about "cocaine fury" replace melancholia and a general loss of innocence. This is all showcased to best effect on Let Go of the Fear and the Flaming Lips-like I Dream of Crystal. However, at times, Chapman's whispery vocals could benefit from a magic potion of their own.