Zoner Photo Studio Professional v12.8
Full Pro Version with Serial

Website:	http://www.zoner.com/

Zoner Photo Studio is the new way to manage your photos. 
Have you ever bought photo software and found it’s missing something? 
With Zoner Photo Studio 10, this will never happen. 
With Zoner Photo Studio 10 Professional you get an all-in-one photos 
program for every step from acquiring photos to readying them to organizing 
them to sharing them.Zoner Photo Studio is made for every user of digital cameras, 
scanners, and mobile devices. It contains everything you need for quality 
digital photo processing from start to finish: tools for downloading to your computer, 
for automatic and manual editing and defect correction in pictures, 
for easy photo management, and for sharing and publishing photos. 
Zoner Photo Studio is useful for beginners, advanced users, 
and experienced photographers, who can select one out of four different variants.


Zoner Photo Studio also provides effects from fun 
(e.g. oil painting and posterization) to highly professional 
(e.g. framing and text-in-image). Supported file formats: BMI, BMP, CR2, CRW, DIB, 
GIF, ICO, JPE, JPEG, JPG, MAC, MDM, MRW, NEF, ORF, PCD, PCX, PNG, PSD, PSP, RAW, 
RLE, TGA, THM, TIF, WPF, EMF, WMF, ZBR, ZCL, ZMF, ZMP. When DirectX support is i
nstalled on a computer, Zoner Photo Studio 8 can also display the following multimedia 
formats: ASF, AVI, M1V, MOV, MPE, MPEG, MPG, QT, WMV, AIF, AIFF, AU, MID, MIDI, MP3, MP3, 
MPA, RMI, SND, WAV, and WMA. The Deluxe version includes a backup CD, 3D glasses, 
and Zoner Draw 5 for free! To pick up your purchase immediately, 
download and install the trial version and unlock using your license code. 
To pick up your purchase after receiving your CD roughly a week from now, 
install from that CD, then unlock using your license code.

- Universal "all in one" solution
Zoner Photo Studio is a tool that includes a complete set of tools for 
processing digital photos. It is broad enough in scope to meet the needs 
of a wide range of users. Zoner Photo Studio will reliably replace 
the multiple independent, non-interconnected, and uncooperating programs you could end up using without it.

- GPS Support
Tell your photos where they were taken! Then let them show you the same, 
on an on-line map like Google Maps. Photos can store GPS data—the longitude, 
latitude, and even altitude where they were taken, and Zoner can help 
you automatically bring this info in from any GPS device’s track log or 
hand-enter it and can then use it to show shot locations on a map. 
No other photo manager can do this!

- Web Galleries
Web galleries mean no-hassle viewing of your work for anyone you’d like to share with. 
And the web galleries wizard in Zoner Photo Studio means no-hassle creation of web galleries. 
No need to learn a special language—but you still get to offer your visitors advanced features 
like discussion forums and GPS support: they can easily see on a map where you did your shoot.

- Batch Editing
Digital photography can easily mean hundreds of photos per shoot. 
Even after you toss the bad ones out, brushing up that many photos 
can drive you crazy if you do it by hand. So don’t! Use the new batch 
filter feature in Zoner Photo Studio 9 to make any combination of edits 
you want to any set of photos you want. You can can even save and re-use sets 
of edits. Let Zoner Photo Studio make the computer do the hard work!

Install Notes:

1) Run zps12_en.exe
2) Follow Install Steps
3) Enter Serial when asked  (see serial.txt for serials)