
The Fags - Light 'em Up (2006)

01 Tonight
02 Truly, Truly
03 Siren Song
04 Here's Looking at You
05 Rockstar
06 List
07 Mistake
08 Back of the Line
09 Greatest Movie Ending
10 Snap
11 Light 'em Up



The Fags - Tour EP (2007)

01 Siren Song
02 Here's Looking at You
03 Firecracker
04 Greatest Movie Ending
05 Tonite



The Fags - The Fags EP (2002)

01 Truly, Truly
02 Hitman
03 List
04 Ms. Take
05 Reserved

Playing energetic '70s-style power pop in the manner of Cheap Trick and the Raspberries but with the energy of a fresh-faced pop-punk band, the Fags are a Detroit-based trio comprised of three longtime veterans of the Motor City music scene. Guitarist and singer John Liccardello (aka Johnny Speck) was a member of Hoarse, as was drummer Jimmy Paluzzi, while bassist Tim Patalan is an experienced producer and engineer who has worked with many of Michigan's leading indie acts. Formed in 2000, the Fags wasted no time earning a reputation on the Midwest club scene for their passionate live shows, and in 2002 the group released a five-song EP for the Texas-based independent label Idol Records. That year, the group was named "Best Pop Band" by Real Detroit magazine, while they received an award as "Outstanding Alternative/Indie Group" at the 2003 Detroit Music Awards. -AMG

If Cheap Trick and Butch Walker had a musical love child, the end result would have to sound an awful lot like The Fags. The members of this Detroit trio have been around the block more than a few times: frontman/guitarist John ‘Speck’ Liccardello did major label stints with the bands Hoarse and Paw, bassist Tim Patalan has produced countless albums for bands such as Lovedrug, Fretblanket and Watershed, and drummer Jimmy Paluzzi’s seen time in Hoarse, Sponge and the Orbitsuns, amongst many others.

The band members’ storied musical backgrounds reflect in the fact that nary a note is misplaced throughout Light ‘Em Up. Screw em, screw pop-punk – this is pop-rock at its finest, with emphasis on the ‘rock’. The Fags have hooks in spades, but there’s not much candy-coating poured over these guitars to help them go down sweetly.