Both of the image albums produced for the series, Yotsuba&!. The first one, Typical Day, follows Yotsuba through a typical day. The second one, General Winter, follows Yotsuba through Winter.

From Wikipedia:

"The music is designed to elicit mental images of events described by the titles. Both albums are composed by Masaki Kurihara and performed by the Kuricorder Pops Orchestra, who also worked together on the Azumanga Daioh soundtrack."

"An image song or character song is a song on a tie-in single or album (often called an "image album") for an anime, game or dorama that is usually sung by the seiyū or actor of a character, in character. It is meant to give a sense of the personality of the character."

Typical Day English Track List:

1. Dawn
2. Yotsuba wakes up
3. Yotsuba wakes up Daddy
4. Daddy goes back to sleep
5. Yotsuba wakes up Daddy (violently)
6. Yotsuba is hungry
7. Making breakfast
8. Eating breakfast
9. Cleaning up (after breakfast)
10. Yotsuba goes out
11. Yotsuba plays at the park
12. Yotsuba and Ena
13. Drawing Together
14. Daddy works
15. Yotsuba is hungry
16. Hungry march
17. Making lunch
18. Eating lunch
19. Nap
20. A Summer afternoon
21. Drawing alone
22. Yotsuba's small-big adventure
23. Yotsuba and Daddy
24. Cool of the evening
25. Going out with Daddy
26. Shopping Song
27. The way home
28. Making curry
29. Eating curry (very delicious)
30. Taking a bath
31. Today was also a fun day
32. Good night
33. See you tomorrow

General Winter English Track List:
1. Prelude - Winter has arrived
2. Piece 1 - Winter at the Koiwai House
3. Piece 2 - North Wind and Bicycles
4. Piece 3 - Scene with Kotatsu
5. Interlude - Winter Sketches (1)
6. Piece 4 - The Day Santa Comes
7. Piece 5 - Yuletide Town
8. Interlude - General Winter's Might Grows, The Cold Gets Harsher
9. Piece 6 - Spring Cleaning on New Year's Eve
10. Piece 7 - New Year's Day, Indoors and Outdoors
11. Interlude - Winter Sketches (2)
12. Piece 8 - Heavy Snow Day
13. Interlude - A Silver Snowscape. General Winter Decides to Prepare to Go Home
14. Piece 9 - Setsubun (Triumphantly)
15. Finale - General Winter Departs, Then Comes the First of Spring

Amazon.com review:

"I love this album! If you liked the music from Azumanga Daioh, this will probably appeal to you as well, as they are both performed by the Kuricorder Orchestra. Still, this album has its own style, and many of the tracks are sparse, with only a few instruments or sound effects. This is essentially a soundtrack of Yotsuba's typical day, beginning with the tranquility of dawn, then the alarm clock, a peaceful snooze, the alarm clock again, and on to playing, visiting the neighbors, bothering Dad while he's working, and so on."

Remember to view the included images while listening to the songs! Seed and enjoy!