

1-5 - Encyclopedia of Geology, Five Volume Set, 1-5
Hardbound, 2750 pages, publication date: DEC-2004
ISBN-13: 978-0-12-636380-7
ISBN-10: 0-12-636380-3
Imprint: ACADEMIC PRESS

Edited By
Richard Selley, Department of Earth Science & Engineering, Royal School of Mines, Imperial College of Science, Technology & Medicine, London, UK
Robin Cocks, Department of Palaeontology, The Natural History Museum, London, UK
Ian Plimer, School of Earth Sciences, The University of Melbourne, Australia

Description
This unrivalled, five-volume reference work covers all aspects of geology including earth history, earth materials, surface processes, regional geology, economic geology, engineering geology, petroleum geology, geochemical and mineral exploration, and the history of geology. The techniques of remote sensing and other tools of investigation that have advanced rapidly over the last few decades are described in detail. Encyclopedia of Geology is divided into 340 articles, each covering one aspect of geology. The concepts and theory are explained at a level that allows undergraduates and educated lay people to understand them. The reference has been planned and structured to provide the user with a comprehensive coverage of the core knowledge in each area. It will become the reference of choice for today's geologists and beyond. Also available online via ScienceDirect – featuring extensive browsing, searching, and internal cross-referencing between articles in the work, plus dynamic linking to journal articles and abstract databases, making navigation flexible and easy. For more information, pricing options and availability visit www.info.sciencedirect.com.

Audience
Academic libraries servicing earth and environmental sciences departments, as well as industrial, government and public libraries; Practicing geologists, engineers and environmental scientists.

Contents
Preliminary Contents (Main topics are listed and covered by multiple articles): Applied Geology. Earth History. Earth Materials. Earth Processes. Engineering Geology. Environmental Geology. Geological Engineering. Geology: Tools of Investigation. History of Geology. Life on Earth. Metamorphic Rocks. Mining Geology. Petroleum Geology. Regional Geology. Silicates. Surface Processes. The Earth in Space. Vertebrate Palaeontology.




