Please seed!

The Byrds were an American rock band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 1964. The band underwent multiple line-up changes throughout its existence, with frontman Roger McGuinn (aka Jim McGuinn) remaining the sole consistent member until the group disbanded in 1973. Although they only managed to attain the huge commercial success of contemporaries like The Beatles, The Beach Boys, and The Rolling Stones for a short period of time (1965–66), The Byrds are today considered by critics to be one of the most influential bands of the 1960s. Initially, they pioneered the musical genre of folk rock, melding the influence of The Beatles and otherInvasion bands with contemporary and traditional folk music. As the 1960s progressed, the band were also influential in originating psychedelic rock, raga rock, and country rock. In addition, the band's signature blend of clear harmony singing and McGuinn's jangly twelve-string Rickenbacker guitar has continued to be influential on popular music up to the present day. Among the band's most enduring songs are their cover versions of Bob Dylan's "Mr. Tambourine Man" and Pete Seeger's "Turn! Turn! Turn! (to Everything There is a Season)", along with the self-penned originals, "I'll Feel a Whole Lot Better", "Eight Miles High", "So You Want to Be a Rock 'n' Roll Star", "Ballad of Easy Rider" and "Chestnut Mare". 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Byrds


The Byrds - Definitive Collection
This compilation 1995

01  The Byrds - Mr. Tambourine Man
02  The Byrds - Chimes Of Freedom
03  The Byrds - The Bells Of Rhymney
04  The Byrds - I'll Feel A Whole Lot Better
05  The Byrds - All I Really Want To Do
06  The Byrds - Turn! Turn! Turn! (To Everything There Is A Season)
07  The Byrds - Set You Free This Time
08  The Byrds - Eight Miles High
09  The Byrds - 5D (Fifth Dimension)
10  The Byrds - Mr. Spaceman
11  The Byrds - So You Want To Be A Rock 'N' Roll Star
12  The Byrds - My Back Pages
13  The Byrds - Have You Seen Her Face
14  The Byrds - Goin' Back
15  The Byrds - Wasn't Born To Follow
16  The Byrds - Lady Friend
17  The Byrds - You Ain't Going Nowhere
18  The Byrds - Lay Lady Lay
19  The Byrds - Ballad Of Easy Rider
20  The Byrds - Jesus Is Just Alright
21  The Byrds - Chestnut Mare
22  The Byrds - I Trust
23  The Byrds - I Wanna Grow Up To Be A Politician
24  The Byrds - Glory, Glory
25  The Byrds - America's Great National Pastime