Title: Ajami 
Year: 2009 
Country: Germany / Israel
Language: Arabic and Hebrew (subtitles hardcoded in Hebrew) 
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,14 GB 
Genre: Drama  
Runtime: 120 min
Resolution: 720 X 552
Bitrates: 128kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3 
IMDB Rating: 7.0/10 (644 votes) 
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1077262/
Directed by: Scandar Copti and Yaron Shani
Starring: Fouad Habash ...  Nasri 
 Nisrine Rihan ...  Ilham 
 Elias Saba ...  Shata 
 Youssef Sahwani ...  Abu-Lias 
 Abu George Shibli ...  Sido 
 Ibrahim Frege ...  Malek 
 Scandar Copti ...  Binj 
 Shahir Kabaha ...  Omar 
 Hilal Kabob ...  Anan 
 Ranin Karim ...  Hadir 
 Eran Naim ...  Dando 
 Sigal Harel ...  Dando's sister 
 Tamar Yerushalmi ...  Dando's mother 
 Moshe Yerushalmi ...  Dando's father 

Synopis: Ajami is the untold story of the walled in city of Jaffa, on the outskirts of the Palestinian – Israeli conflict, where violence and hatred are a daily reality. The characters in this high-paced film live in a violent reality where enemies live as neighbours. It is a meeting of conflicting views – Jews and Arabs, Christians and Moslems, fathers and sons, cops and robbers. As the films jolts from one point of view to the other it creates an alternative truth, a new surprising expression of the human experience. Shuttling back and forth through time, we witness the events over and over again through the eyes of a different character, and every time our perception of “what is right” changes, triggering opposing emotional reactions. We are forced to ask ourselves the eternal question: how do people with the same basic values and moral conscience become blood enemies? (Berlinale)


Awards: Won Golden Camera (Camera d'Or) - Special Mention, at 2009 Cannes Film Festival. Won 5 prizes in the 2009 Israeli Film Academy, including "Best Film" and "Best Director". And more 7 wins and 5 nominations.  


This movie was the representant of Israel in the Oscar 2010, being among the 5 finalists.


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH AND SPANISH.


BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE SUBTITLE: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3668182/ajami-pb 


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                       
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ
