Barney Miller Typical Episode

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1517kbps 
Duration.............: 22:23.989
Resolution...........: 600*458 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
NO SUBTITLES
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barney_Miller
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072472/
 
http://bayimg.com/gapbKaAcO

Barney Miller is a comedy television series set in a New York City police station in Greenwich Village that ran from January 23, 1975 to May 20, 1982 on ABC. It was created by Danny Arnold and Theodore J. Flicker. Noam Pitlik directed the majority of the episodes.

Captain Barney Miller (Hal Linden) tries to remain sane while leading the NYPD's 12th Precinct's detectives: crotchety, nearing-retirement Jewish-American Philip K. Fish (Abe Vigoda); naive, gung-ho but goodhearted Polish-American Det. Stanley "Wojo" Wojciehowicz (Max Gail); ambitious, intellectual, African-American Det. Ronald "Ron" Nathan Harris (Ron Glass); philosophical, wisecracking gambler Japanese-American Nick Yemana (Jack Soo); and dauntless beleaguered Puerto Rican Chano Amanguale (Gregory Sierra). Miller also has to deal with his unapologetically old-school superior, Deputy Inspector Frank Luger (James Gregory), and diminutive and obsequious uniformed Officer Carl Levitt (Ron Carey), who passive-aggressively badgers Miller constantly about being promoted to detective. Amanguale was replaced by intellectual Arthur Dietrich (Steve Landesberg) from the third season on.

The show's focus was split between the detectives' interactions with each other and with the suspects and witnesses they detained, processed, and interviewed. Some typical conflicts and long running plotlines included Miller's frustration with red tape and paperwork, his constant efforts to maintain peace, order, and discipline, and his numerous failed attempts to get a promotion; Harris's preoccupation with outside interests, such as his living arrangements but mainly his novel ("Blood on the Badge"), and his inability to remain focused on his police work; Fish's age-related health issues, marital problems, and reluctance to retire; Wojciehowicz's impulsive behavior and love life; Luger's nostalgia for the old days with partners Foster, Kleiner and Brown; Levitt's quest to become a detective (which was eventually successful); the rivalry between the precinct's resident intellectuals, Harris and Dietrich and continually - but reliably - bad coffee (usually made by Yemana).

Decades after its cancellation, Barney Miller retains a devoted following among real-life police officers, who appreciate the show's emphasis on dialogue and believably quirky characters, and its low-key portrayal of cops going about their jobs. During his appearance on Jon Favreau's Independent Film Channel talk show Dinner for Five, Dennis Farina, who worked as a Chicago policeman before turning to acting, called Barney Miller the most realistic cop show ever seen on television. Hal Linden has told interviewers that he is still occasionally called "Captain" by working police officers.


Season 3
Season 3, Episode 1: Evacuation
Original Air Date—23 September 1976
Wojo is alarmed to learn that New York City doesn't have an up-to-date emergency evacuation procedure. Fish meets Jilly Pappalardo, a young thief who eventually will star in the spin-off Fish.
Season 3, Episode 2: Quarantine: Part 1
Original Air Date—30 September 1976
Wojo brings in a sick perpetrator who collapses on the floor. The entire precinct is placed under quarantine, including a prostitute who gets friendly with Fish, Marty, Mr Driscoll, and Inspector Luger.
Season 3, Episode 3: Quarantine: Part 2
Original Air Date—7 October 1976
Being cooped up in the same room together, especially with no air conditioning, starts to effect the men negatively. Especially when they overhear Harris' very vocal dreams where he seems to have a problem with everyone. The rest of the men share personal stories and conversations,while waiting to hear from the medical lab if the the possible "pox" they might be infected with is either Small Pox or Chicken Pox.
Season 3, Episode 4: Bus Stop
Original Air Date—14 October 1976
A robber is confined to the precinct with his bus load of victims.
Season 3, Episode 5: The Election
Original Air Date—21 October 1976
It's Election Day. A woman, being prevented by her husband from voting, throws a toilet seat into the street to get attention. A shoplifter is escorted to vote by Wojo and then lost by him. Inspector Luger campaigns for a political crony.
Season 3, Episode 6: Werewolf
Original Air Date—28 October 1976
A man claiming to be a werewolf causes a disturbance in the park.
Season 3, Episode 7: The Recluse
Original Air Date—11 November 1976
A man who hasn't left his apartment since World War II is brought in for refusing to serve jury duty. A prophet claims the end is near, i.e. 5:30 p.m.
Season 3, Episode 8: Noninvolvement
Original Air Date—18 November 1976
Wojo brings in a man for refusing to help a mugging victim, but Barney doesn't think a crime has been committed.
Season 3, Episode 9: Power Failure
Original Air Date—9 December 1976
The precinct endures a power failure and a man with a split personality.
Season 3, Episode 10: Christmas Story
Original Air Date—23 December 1976
Fish goes undercover to catch a mugger who's targeting Santas. Wojo doesn't know how to tell Yemana that his Christmas Eve date is a call girl. Luger fishes for an Christmas Day invitation from Barney.
Season 3, Episode 11: Hash
Original Air Date—30 December 1976
Everyone on the squad except Barney is stoned by hashish-laced brownies made by Wojo's new girlfriend. An actor and a critic duel with swords.
Season 3, Episode 12: Smog Alert
Original Air Date—6 January 1977
The city experiences a first-stage smog alert. A potential suicide victim is saved by a graffiti artist.
Season 3, Episode 13: Community Relations
Original Air Date—13 January 1977
Barney is charged with harassment when he arrests a blind shoplifter. An evicted tenant threatens a landlord with a musket.
Season 3, Episode 14: The Rand Report
Original Air Date—20 January 1977
Wojo quits the force rather than return to uniformed patrol one week per month.
Season 3, Episode 15: Fire '77
Original Air Date—27 January 1977
Thanks to a suicidal couple, the precinct may go up in flames.
Season 3, Episode 16: Abduction
Original Air Date—3 February 1977
A couple wants Barney's assistance with their cult-influenced daughter. Nick's bookie is arrested.
Season 3, Episode 17: Sex Surrogate
Original Air Date—10 February 1977
Barney investigates a sex clinic that more closely resembles a brothel. Harris investigates a rash of crimes apparently committed by a juvenile. Weary of waiting for a promotion, Levitt announces that he's quitting the force.
Season 3, Episode 18: Moonlighting
Original Air Date—17 February 1977
Barney discovers that Harris has a second job. Dietrich arrests a priest for fencing stolen goods. A racketeer is using a mentally challenged boy as an assistant.
Season 3, Episode 19: Asylum
Original Air Date—24 February 1977
Wojo prematurely grants asylum to a Russian defector. Marty is charged with a parole violation for possessing a half-ounce of marijuana.
Season 3, Episode 20: Group Home
Original Air Date—10 March 1977
Yemana assists a bigoted Army officer when a bomber threatens a recruiting facility. Fish takes a turn at mugging detail.
Season 3, Episode 21: Strike: Part 1
Original Air Date—24 March 1977
The city is threatened with a police force strike. A woman is robbed by her computer date.
Season 3, Episode 22: Strike: Part 2
Original Air Date—31 March 1977
Barney and Inspector Luger staff the precinct alone while the detectives are on strike.