Grand.Prix.Evolution.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


You'll have the chance to drive incredibly powered
vehicles, up to 200k HP. These last generation "cars" are equipped with
twin turbines that can push you up to 1200 Km/h, floating on a magnetic
surfaced track with sudden turns, ups and downs and tunnels.
The 2100 Grand Prix Evolution Championship are located on various different locations on Earth and Moon, since the vehicles are completely closed and
the pilots wear pressurized suits to sustain the incredible acceleration
and g-forces during the race. Choose a team and lead it to the very top,
gaining credits to buy new, more powerful engines and magnetic pods to
improve your vehicle's performance.
Race against the cpu driven cars with no mercy strategy making them
smashing against the outer bounds of the raceline and wisely choose the
timings for refueling at the automated Pitstop system. Learn how to drive
with the Single Race mode and then embrace the real GPE World Championship
challenge against your friends!

* Excellent gameplay with intriguing and revolutionary driving style.
* Completely 3D menu system, easy and quick to use.
* Single Race and Championship mode. Customizabile vehicles, change the
  engine and the steering capabilities depending on the current cash, gained
  trough the race ranking.
* N-Side's proprietary physics engine Upho (Universal Physics Operator) to
  manage magnetic forces, gravity and friction in the most realistical way.
* Advanced "human" AI module. The CPU drivers don't have advantages such as
  a more powerful engine to compensate their driving style. They just behave
  like a human player does.
* Their skill is completely customizable to fully meet the player skills.
* Twelve different tracks on Earth and Moon (two must be unlocked).
* Nine different vehicles models (two must be unlocked).
* Ten engines and magnetic pod models to buy.


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game Then Copy Contents Of Crack Folder To Install
Directory Overwriting The Original GPe.exe


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED




