The Badger is a comic book character and series created by writer Mike Baron (Nexus) in 1983.

The lead character was Norbert Sykes, a Vietnam War veteran suffering from multiple personality disorder. "The Badger" personality was an urban vigilante who could talk to animals.  Other personalities included; Pierre: A homicidal personality that speaks with a French accent. Leroy: A dog, Emily: A nine year old girl, Gastineau Grover Depaul: An inner city African American, and Max Swell: A playboy architect. 
After escaping from a mental institution, Norbert met a 5th century Druid named Ham (Hamaglystwythbrnxaxlotl in full), who had just awakened from an 800 year coma (this was later corrected to lasting 1500 years). Ham took the Badger in as a boarder in his castle in return for the Badger's bodyguard services.

The series was a madcap combination of genres; something of a spoof on superheroes, with plenty of magic/fantasy and Mike Baron's in-depth knowledge of martial arts thrown in. The book was a black comedy, unusual for comics of its time. Some stories were light-hearted and off the wall, while others featured highly realistic crimes and acts of violence. Some objected to the series' use of the mentally ill as subjects for comedy. Others regard The Badger as one of the funniest superhero comic series of all time.

Along with Mike Baron's other pet project Nexus, The Badger had an interesting publishing history. It was initially released by Capital Comics, under the name The Badger, but Capital went under after just four issues of The Badger. The series moved to First Comics, which continued the series with issue #5.  First continued to publish the Badger series, along with a graphic novel, a mini-series and a one-shot until 1991, when it went bankrupt. Notable artists who worked on The Badger in its 1980s run included Jeff Butler, Steven Butler, Bill Reinhold, Chas Truog, Jackson Guice, Mike Mignola and Ron Lim.

In 1994, Dark Horse Comics published two versions of the Badger: the four-issue Badger: Shattered Mirror, a "serious" take on the Badger's origin, and the two-issue Badger: Zen Pop Funny-Animal Version. These were deliberately written to be mutually exclusive.

In 1997, Image Comics began publishing a black and white fourth Badger series, whose narrative connection to the previous versions was not entirely clear. This series ran for eleven issues.

The series returned November 2007, published by IDW Publishing.  This consists of a reprint series of trade paperbacks of old issues, as well two new Badger stories: a one shot, Badger: Bull, followed by a new mini-series, Badger Saves the World which started in December 2007.

Included in this pack are all of the Badger series and appearances along with a reading order.


Released on http://ComicPirates.info