POTHS   Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags 


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.



POTHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POTHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POTHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POTHS Everywhere -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POTHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POTHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POTHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POTHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POTHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypercritical Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POTHS -- Pouring Out Terrible Health & Sickness -- 

Thank you for the POTHS suggestions. Type POTHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at 

POTHS - Project Camelot - Part 06 - Noahs Ark Found & Nibiru Confirmed 


Everything Project Camelot searches for is in The Holy Bible!!!

The best place to hide is in the open. Project Camelot is based on an idea generated when we first met and spent the weekend in Tintagel, England, overlooking the sea in the home of King Arthur. We named our project in tribute to the vision behind the utopian idea of the Round Table - and have structured all our efforts in this inspiring spirit.

Ever since our launch in 2006 we have been financing Project Camelot solely out of our own pockets and with the generous help of donations from visitors to our site. We thank you sincerely all for your help and support, without which we could not do what we do.

To date, we have traveled widely meeting and interviewing truth-tellers in the effort to provide enlightening testimony about the true nature of our world. We will continue as long as our funds and contributions make this all possible.

Note: for those who are wondering about the Cheetah logo and now the Snow Leopard used here on Kerry's site, Project Camelot Productions, and also on Bill's site Project Avalon. It is a nod to the famous MGM Lion... A nod to the power of film (and video) in making manifest the amazing facets of worlds and realities, to display for scrutiny and analysis and wonder what it means to be human.

Camelot interviews are shot in a guerilla style that captures the interpersonal dynamic as well as enables the viewer to determine whether the truth is being told, some facsimile thereof, or a lie.. The camera reveals this in the facial expression, voice, tone and body language of the subject, and gives us added insight into what resonates and what does not. It gives us a candid picture of not only the person but also reveals the more subtle layers underneath. We pick up subliminal cues and as viewers can come to our own conclusions, without being limited or misled by edited sound bytes, canned commentaries or misdirects by the interviewer that interfere with a determination of what is truth and what is fantasy or simply a lie.

Kerry Cassidy
Kerry Lynn Cassidy has a BA in English with graduate work in Sociology, an MBA certificate from the UCLA Anderson Graduate School of Management, and was competitively selected to attend a year of film school at the UCLA Extension Short Fiction Film Program as one of their first "hyphenates": a writer-director-producer.

After 19 years in Hollywood working for major studios and independent production companies in production, development and new media, she has written a number of screenplays. As an independent producer she pitched projects around Hollywood to major producers and directors and then in April 2006 Kerry co-founded Project Camelot with Bill Ryan and has been working as a documentary filmmaker and producer for the past 4 years.

Kerry conducts interviews documenting the testimony of whistleblowers with above top secret clearances as well as researchers and experiencers covering all aspects of reality both on and off planet. She speaks at conferences around the world on the subjects of ETs, the Illuminati agenda, mind control, the matrix, prophecies, 2012 and many other subjects. Kerry is an intuitive and spent years researching the occult and studying Eastern philosophy. While spending dedicated time in meditation, she linked her chakras in her 20s and has had multiple samadhi experiences since then.


Bill Ryan

Bill Ryan has a BSc in Mathematics with Physics and Psychology (Bristol University, UK, 1974), and followed this with a brief stint in teaching. For 27 years he was a management consultant specializing in personal and team development, leadership training and executive coaching. Major long-term clients included BAe (Systems) Ltd (formerly British Aerospace), Hewlett-Packard, and PricewaterhouseCoopers.

In November 2005 he inaugurated the Project Serpo website, the report of an alleged disclosure, in stages, of a US-alien exchange program which took place over 40 years ago. While he had been interested in UFOs, Free Energy research and alternative medicine (he is trained as a kinesiologist) for over thirty years, his first contact with the UFO community at large occurred after establishing the Serpo website. He resigned his management consultancy post in May 2006 and now devotes all his time to Project Camelot and Project Avalon. 



I am using a SEED BOX that uploads at rates of 2mb/s per leecher. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address perf029c.xirvik.net. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download bandwidth. This server has 40 times the bandwidth of my Comcast.



The Worlds Governments run by The Banksters that are empowered by Lucifer are The True Terrorists

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
 
http://projectcamelotportal.com/ 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
 
Seed long and Prosper.  

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.