
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51eO23vtH7L._SS500_.jpg


Title: Joy to The World
Artist: Pink Martini
Audio CD (November 16, 2010) 
Original Release Date: 2010 
Number of Discs: 1 
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. White Christmas, Part 1
02. White Christmas, Part 2 (Feat. Saori Yuki)
03. Schedryk
04. Santa Baby
05. Elohai, N'Tzor
06. Little Drummer Boy
07. Congratulations (Happy New Year)
08. Do You Hear What I Hear
09. La Vergine Degli Angeli
10. We Three Kings
11. A Snow Globe Christmas
12. Ocho Kandelikas
13. Silent Night
14. Auld Lang Syne 


Amazon Description:
Traditional holiday favorites alongside gorgeous, lesser-known discoveries, all imbued with Pink Martini s signature little orchestra sound! Features an array of guests, including Japanese pop star Saori Yuki and NPR correspondent Ari Shapiro, backed by a fabulous gathering of Portland choirs. This new CD features gorgeous 3-D packaging each layer of buildings will be a separate flap, giving the city four layers of die-cut depth. The digipak will be covered by a clear plastic panel, on which the album title will be printed, along with delicate white snowflakes that will appear to float in front of the city. 

Allmusic Review:
Just when it feels like every possible version of every possible holiday song has been recorded already, Pink Martini’s Joy to the World finds ways to revive holiday spirits. While the band could very easily do a swanky lounge-pop album of the season’s songs, this globally minded collection is traditional and unpredictable at the same time. Pink Martini begins Joy to the World with an intimate rendition of “White Christmas” that’s so faithful to the original that it features the sunny California prelude that was included when it debuted in the film Holiday Inn, then they follow it with a lush orchestral rendition -- sung in Japanese. Yet quirks like these don’t feel kitschy; aside from “Santa Baby,” Joy to the World’s lone indulgence in camp, the album sings of peace and celebration in many tongues. Whether they give “Little Drummer Boy”'s arrangement a Middle Eastern-meets-lounge twist or sing “Silent Night” in German, Arabic, and English, Pink Martini ensures this is truly a multicultural party. The group even makes fresh choices for Hanukkah and New Year’s, presenting the conclusion of the Amidah prayer set to music (“Elohai, N’tzor”) and “Ocho Kandelikas,” a Sephardic song sung in Ladino. “Congratulations,” a song for the Chinese New Year, is such a breath of fresh air compared to “Auld Lang Syne” that it’s easy to forget that this song would normally be heard in late January or early February instead of the end of December. And when “Auld Lang Syne” arrives with an arrangement inspired by Brazilian Carnaval music, it sends off the album, and the year, with a huge celebration. A near-perfect blend of spirituality and festivity, Joy to the World lets listeners hear the holidays with new ears, and maybe see it with fresh eyes, too. 

