Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video is in Spanish.


Noelia is the eponymous debut album of Puerto Rican singer Noelia. The album was released in 1999 and peaked at #7 on Billboard's Top Latin Albums.

The album produced the hit single "Tú", which was written by popular songwriter Estéfano. The song peaked at #5 on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks.

Noelia Lorenzo Monge (born August 31, 1977 in San Juan, Puerto Rico), mostly known as Noelia, is a Puerto Rican pop singer who rose to fame in 1999. She is the first daughter of Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge.

Her self-titled debut album was certified as a gold album in the United States. During her career she has had nine Latin Billboard Top 40 hits.

Noelia started working on her first full-length album in 1998. The self-titled album was finally released in 1999, making her TV debut in Voces en Funcion. The album produced the hit single "Tu", written by Estéfano.

In 2000 she released her second album, Golpeando Fuerte.

Her third album, Natural, released in 2003 featured another hit song, "Clávame Tu Amor", which peaked at #5 on Billboard Hot Latin Tracks. The album also featured songwriting contributions from her then boyfriend, Alexis Grullón.

In 2004, she surprised with her fourth studio album titled Melao, which was a fusion of pop with reggaeton. The album was produced by reggaeton producer, DJ Eric, and features Yamil sharing lead vocals with Noelia. They also co-wrote most of the songs of the album.

In 2006, she returned to her musical roots with the album 40 Grados, produced by Adrián Posse. The album featured the single "Como Duele", which was nominated by Billboard as Pop Song of the Year. The song was also chosen as the theme for the Mexican telenovela Barrera de Amor and peaked at #8 on Billboard Hot Latin Songs.

In 2007, she released her sixth full-length album titled Volverte a Ver.

She is currently working on her first English language album. The album will be titled Caribbean Queen and the first single, "Caribbean Queen Reloaded" was released in May 2008. The song is a cover version of Billy Ocean's hit song of 1984.

In June 2007, a sex tape of Noelia and former boyfriend Yamil started circulating on the Internet, which caused a media hype around her person. In August 2007, Noelia accused her stepfather and former manager, Topy Mamery, of sexually assaulting her back in 2003; she claimed to have filed a lawsuit, calling singer Ricardo Montaner as a witness. However, Mamery denied having received any lawsuit, and Montaner denied ever having been called to testify. During an interview with Primer Impacto, Montaner was asked about this and he said, "I have never seen anything weird (between Noelia and Mamery). Mamery is a gentleman that has loved Noelia as her daughter."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/