Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo.



"The Crow & the Butterfly" is the fifth single by the rock band Shinedown from their 2008 album The Sound of Madness. The song was written by Shinedown lead singer Brent Smith. The song had was introduced in 2007, in an acoustic session on The Buckethead Show. 

"The Crow & the Butterfly - EP" was released on iTunes on July 27, 2010, which included the original song, "The Crow & the Buttefly (Pull Mix)", the music video for the song, and a digital booklet.

Brent Smith said this about a possible "The Crow & the Butterfly" video:

"We are in the process of reading through video treatments for the song, and I have to admit we have been so busy with the current tour we are on, and putting everything together for "The Carnival of Madness," we haven't even gotten a chance to ask all of you what you think about the song, and also what kind of video you would like to see from us."

The music video for "The Crow & the Butterfly" was shot on June 24, 2010, which happens to be the 2nd anniversary of The Sound of Madness. A photo was published of the set, which appeared to be a large room in a mansion. On July 17, 2010, the music video premiered on Yahoo Music.

The music video debuted on Fuse Top 20 Countdown at #18 on July 23, 2010, and on VH1's Top 20 Video Countdown at #20 on July 31, 2010.

"The Crow & the Butterfly" peaked on the Billboard Rock Songs chart at #1. It was Shinedown's first single to rank at #1 on the Billboard Rock Songs chart. It is also #1 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, thus making The Sound of Madness the second album ever to have four singles topping the chart, after The Black Crowes' The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion in 1992. The song has also made appearances on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, debuting at #97, and U.S. Alternative Songs, peaking at #6.

Brent Smith explained on a radio interview program, Rockline, that while the band was writing the new album, he had a dream about a mother whose son passes away. He wrote the song about the mom dealing with the death of her child and trying to move on.

On a blog on the Shinedown website, Brent Smith said this about the song: "For me lyrically this was one of the most intense stories I have ever written. But I know the song means something different to everyone."

The Sound of Madness is the third studio album by American rock band Shinedown, released June 24, 2008. The album's lead single, "Devour," was released to radio on May 5, 2008.

The album's lyrics explore diverse subject matter as opposed to their previous albums; "Devour" ventures into political territory while "What a Shame" tells a story about lead singer Brent Smith's uncle, who died during the recording of the album, and how Brent and his cousin, professional wrestler Olivia Smith, dealt with his death. The song "If You Only Knew," which is about Smith's then-fiance and newborn child, was the first time that he had written a love ballad for Shinedown.

Shinedown's tour to support the album subsequently started with the band playing a few festival shows before the release of The Sound of Madness.

The Sound of Madness has been certified Platinum by the RIAA for shipments over 1,000,000 copies.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/