Experience the Cosmos as no-one ever has - not peering at dots through a telescope or scanning pages of numbers - but firsthand. Strikingly realistic computer reconstructions give you a front-row seat at the hottest events in THE UNIVERSE, from colliding celestial bodies to collapsing suns, from distant, possibly viable planets to mysteries that defy explanation. 
It's not infinite, but it sure is close. It's THE UNIVERSE! 
Description
Immerse yourself in more spectacular space exploration with SEASON THREE of this epic series from HISTORY. A virtual collision of astronomy and history, each enlightening episode utilizes strikingly realistic computer recreations and animations to provide unprecedented insight into the mysteries of our universe, and beyond. 
From bizarre clouds to the hypothetical Planet X, from space disasters to space sex and the possibility of terrifying cosmic collisions, experience space in a whole new way - not through a telescope or textbook, but firsthand. With THE UNIVERSE, you'll feel like you've travelled to the edge of the unknown.




Part 1: Deep Space Disasters
Aired: 11/11/2008 
In space travel there is a saying that the first 50 miles and the last 50 miles are the most dangerous. Explore the controlled explosion of launch, the fiery crucible of re-entry and everything in between. See how a single spark inside a spacecraft or a micrometeoroid less than an inch wide hitting a space station can turn a routine mission into a lethal nightmare. As the missions become longer, venturing to Mars and beyond, the potential disasters will only become bigger. What would happen if a spacecraft ventured too close to a black hole or was hit by a gamma ray burst?


Part 2: Parallel Universes
Aired: 11/18/2008 
Some of the world's leading physicists believe they have found startling new evidence showing the existence of universes other than our own. One possibility is that the universe is so vast that an exact replica of our solar system, our planet and ourselves exists many times over. These Doppelganger Universes exist within our own Universe; in what scientist now call "The Multiverse." If proof is found it will change our lives, our minds, our planet, our science and our universe.


Part 3: Light Speed
Aired:25/11/2008 
According to the laws of physics we can never travel faster than the speed of light...or can we? Learn all about light speed, the ultimate constant in the universe.


Part 4: Sex in Space
Aired: 2/12/2008 
As man moves to colonize the cosmos, the realities of sexual relationships and reproduction need to be addressed. Probe the physiological, psychological and cultural challenges of sex in space.


Part 5: Alien Faces
Aired: 9/12/2008 
They soar through the heavens, fly through the oceans and glide along land. But these are not creatures found on a wildlife safari. These are life forms from another planet. Armed with scientific fact and a little imagination, experts come together to take you on an unprecedented journey to the edges of our imagination.


Part 6: Deadly Comets and Meteors
Aired: 16/12/2008 
Right now cosmic forces prowl the universe and threaten man's very existence. They're asteroids and comets; they've left their imprint on planet Earth, literally. Initially helping to build planets through violent collisions, during this fiery bombardment period they may have even seeded Earth with water and the building blocks for life. Since the turbulent formation of the solar system, these space rocks have continued to impact Earth. Some have been so violent that they've led to mass extinctions, including one that wiped out the dinosaur. New theories suggest that asteroid and comet dust harbour deadly viruses that may have triggered some of our worst pandemics. The possibility of future collisions remains a legitimate threat yet despite their dangers, asteroids and comets may hold vital natural resources, which could actually preserve mankind.


Part 7: Living in Space
Aired: 23/12/2008 
When mankind eventually leaves the cradle of Earth and ventures forth into the uncharted territories of the cosmos, where, and what form, will our new homes take?


Part 8: Stopping Armageddon
Aired: 6/1/2009 
It sounds like a Hollywood blockbuster: a deadly asteroid is on a collision course with Earth. But in reality, it's only a matter of time before a giant space rock threatens to wipe out civilization. An asteroid took out the dinosaurs sixty-five million years ago. Are we next? This episode analyzes the threat and explores the many ways--from a nuclear bomb to ingenious new technology--that experts are proposing to stop Armageddon


Part 9: Another Earth
Aired: 13/01/2009 
Could we be unique in the universe or is there another planet similar to earth somewhere in the cosmos? Is it possible that Alpha Centauri, our nearest star, is home to another earth-like planet? Earth sized planets have been hard to find, but indirect methods are coming on line to give scientists a good survey of how many such bodies may be in the universe. How rare would it be to find life on another earth-like planet?


Part 10: Strangest Things
Aired: 27/01/2009 
From stars, galaxies and moons to subatomic particles, black holes and invisible phenomena, discover the most bizarre, mysterious and exotic things in our universe


Part 11: Edge of Space
Aired: 3/2/2009 
Low Earth Orbit, 120 miles above sea level, is where the majority of space exploration has occurred. This 1,100 mile band around Earth is where--for a cool $20 million--any private citizen can take the vacation of his or her life on the International Space Station. Commercial prospects for LEO are huge; but dangers lurk for any individual willing to travel here--radiation, cosmic rays, and space debris numbering in the thousands threaten any spacecraft travelling in orbit. It's the new frontier, or the final frontier...and the possibilities are endless if you are willing to travel to the edge of space exploration.


Part 12: Cosmic Phenomena
Aired: 7/2/2009 
A variety of cosmic events have both helpful and harmful effects on life on Earth. From the beauty of the Aurora Borealis and rainbows to the dangers of UV radiation and cosmic rays, from the miracle of photosynthesis to the thrill of a meteor shower, this episode explores how the effects generated by the sun and other extra-solar sources can literally get under our skin, scramble our technology, make life possible and threaten our existence all at the same time





Video Codec: XviD 
Video Bitrate: 1816 KB/s
Video Aspect Ratio: 1: 76
Video Resolution: 704 x 400
Audio Codec: (Dolby AC3)
Audio BitRate:192 KB/s 
Run-Time: 45mins
Framerate:23FPS
Number Of Parts: 12
Part Size:640 MB
Ripped by artistharry
Subtitles: none
Source: DVD



