Released February 1977 
Recorded October–November 1976 
Genre Hard rock, heavy metal, progressive rock 
Length 35:20 (Original Release)
52:11 (CD Reissue w/Bonus Tracks) 
Label Warner Bros. Records US, Bronze Records UK 
Producer Gerry Bron 


Firefly is the tenth album released by British rock band Uriah Heep. It was first album without David Byron, lead vocalist and a founder-member of the band, and the first of three albums with John Lawton.

Bassist Trevor Bolder made his Heep-debut on this album and has been (almost) ever-present since, bar a break of about 18 months in 1981-82.

The single from the album was "Wise Man". Also, "Sympathy" became a hit which was crucial for fans to accept the new lineup.

"Who Needs Me" was written by drummer Lee Kerslake and is about his unhappiness at the rejection, by manager and label boss Gerry Bron, of pretty-much any material by any one other than Ken Hensley. This is ultimately somewhat ironic, given the song's acceptance for recording.

Kerslake was credited as Lee "The Bear" Kerslake on this album only, due to his strong physical build and then newly-acquired beard growth.

The original vinyl album was a gatefold sleeve, with a cardboard lyric-liner.

All songs written by Ken Hensley, except where noted

"The Hanging Tree" (Hensley, Jack Williams) – 3:40 
"Been Away Too Long" – 5:03 
"Who Needs Me" (Kerslake) – 3:39 
"Wise Man" – 4:40 
"Do You Know" – 3:12 
"Rollin' On" – 6:21 
"Sympathy" – 3:44 
"Firefly" – 6:21 
Bonus tracks on expanded de-luxe edition from 2004
"Crime Of Passion" (B-side) 
"A Far Better Way" (out-take) 
"I Always Knew" (out-take) 
"Dance Dance Dance" (out-take) 
"Been Away Too Long" (demo) 
"Do You Know" (demo) 
"Who Needs Me" (live version) 
"Wise Man" (TV Backing Track) 
[edit] Personnel
John Lawton – lead vocals 
Ken Hensley – keyboards, guitars, vocals 
Mick Box – guitars 
Trevor Bolder – bass guitar 
Lee Kerslake – drums, vocals 
Engineer - Peter Gallen 
Assisted by John Gallen 
Cover concept and co-ordination - Gail Clarke 
Cover painting - Martin White 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed