Veronica Guerin - (Cate Blanchett - Colin Farrell)(2003)[DvdRip-Divx-English]


Staring

Cate Blanchett
Colin Farrell
Gerard McSorley
Ciarán Hinds
Brenda Fricker
Don Wycherley
Barry Barnes
Simon O'Driscoll
Emmet Bergin
Charlotte Bradley
Mark Lambert
Garrett Keogh
Maria McDermottroe
Paudge Behan
Joe Hanley
David Murray

General
Complete name : Veronica Guerin.divx
Format : DivX
Format/Info : Hack of AVI
File size : 1.03 GiB
Duration : 1h 34mn
Overall bit rate : 1 561 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP : Yes
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
Codec ID : DX50
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5
Duration : 1h 34mn
Bit rate : 1 101 Kbps
Width : 688 pixels
Height : 272 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.529
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.235
Stream size : 742 MiB (70%)
Title : Video
Writing library : DivX 6.8.2 (UTC 2008-05-17)

Audio
ID : 1
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Codec ID : 2000
Duration : 1h 34mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 448 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Surround: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Stream size : 302 MiB (29%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
Title : Audio

Text = English On/Off
Format : DivX Subtitle
Codec ID : DXSB
Codec ID/Info : Subtitle in AVI from DivX networks
Width : 640 pixels
Height : 480 pixels
Resolution : 4 bits
Stream size : 2.18 MiB (0%)
Title : Subtitle


IMDB Rating =
6.8/10




Plot

All Irish know where they were on 26 June 1996 when they learned that crusading journalist Veronica Guerin had been gunned down on Dublin's Naas Road. The film starts with her assassination and looks back at what brought it on. For more than 18 months, she'd been digging into and writing about Dublin's drug trade, starting with the youths who were hooked and working up to the big dealers. As she gets close to the biggest crook, John Gilligan, she's given a warning shot, a gunshot wound, a beating, and a threat against her young son. Her husband and mother try to dissuade her, as does a key informant, double-dealing John Traynor. What drives her on - idealism, the chase, fame?


Review From IMDB

Back in the 1990s, I recall reading news articles about a feisty journalist who was writing stories about the drug problems in Dublin. Occasionally, I'd see another article, and was impressed by the strength and character of the writer. Then, in 1996, I read a long magazine story about Veronica Guerin and how she died.

So, this is a movie I really wanted to see...

Joel Schumacher has produced/directed many good movies, and this one must come near the top for me.

There is no preaching, no histrionics, no proselytizing, no hype – just a relatively short account of how this woman decided to do something about the kids dying in the streets, and about the difficulties she faced in trying to get authorities to stem, or stop, the flow of drugs into the city. Just an ordinary woman who did the extraordinary...

The cinematography of the dirty streets and kids is gritty, as you would expect, contrasting very well with the opulence enjoyed by the major drug pushers of the upper establishment in the Dublin area.

The violence – and there's plenty of it – is short, sharp, vicious and all too realistic: when one drug gang eliminates another, when an informer is tortured, when Veronica is subjected to the most savage personal beating I've seen on film, and when she is finally assassinated.

Couple all of that with a performance by Blanchett worthy of an Oscar, closely followed by Gerard McSorley as John Gilligan, whose evil must be seen to fully appreciate the performance of this fine actor, and rounded off with Ciaran Hinds as John Traynor, who simply excels in his performance as the slime-ball to end all slime-balls – and you have a film that keeps you riveted to your seat, wondering how is it that one person can be so brave in the face of such depravity.

It's a very depressing film because you know what is coming, you know that a horrible death comes as the end. But, it is also an uplifting story that proves, beyond measure, that good people can prevail against the bad elements that exist in all societies, even though some do pay the ultimate price.

If there is one movie you see this year, see this one.