Close Encounters of the Third Kind - deleted scene.avi

From Disc 2 of the Collector's Edition of "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" DVD.  Deleted scene # 4.  ""At the Airport" (4:31) is just plain weird. After some scratchy leader tells us that footage of "Chicago O'Hare" will be inserted later, we get to see "Air Force Research and Development Command" commandeer an airliner that was buzzed by a UFO and politely take all the passengers' film. Meanwhile, in a limo outside the plane, Truffaut tells Balaban once again to "translate his feelings and emotions" ΓΓé¼ΓÇ¥ then tests Balaban by having him translate passages from a steamy romance novel." http://www.dvdjournal.com/reviews/c/closeencounters.shtml

Coast to Coast - Aug 26 2010 - Linda Moulton Howe - Close Encounters.mp3

Second half of the third hour of Linda Moulton Howe's program on Coast to Coast AM.  "British scholars Robbie Graham and Matthew Alford recently uncovered a 1978 interview with Steven Spielberg in which he said about his then-newly released movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind, "I really found my faith when I heard that the government was opposed to (my) film. If NASA took the time to write me a 20-page letter, then I knew there must be something happening." Graham & Alford investigated the Spielberg quote and his link to political powers that manipulate information about UFOs and other sensitive subjects in Hollywood productions." http://www.coasttocoastam.com/show/2010/08/26

EarthFiles - Spielberg's Close Encounters 1of2.pdf
EarthFiles - Spielberg's Close Encounters 2of2.pdf

From Linda Moulton Howe's EarthFiles.com.  Did NASA Try to Stop Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" Movie?  August 26, 2010  Bristol, England - Two British authors, Matthew Alford, 32, and Robbie Graham, 29, are investigating the concept that the CIA and other American intelligence agencies manipulate Hollywood to produce television and movies that can alter public perceptions and be used to monitor public reactions. Robbie is a full-time doctoral candidate at the University of Bristol working on a Ph.D. to examine Hollywood's historical representation of UFOs and potential extraterrestrial life. Robbie formerly was Associate Lecturer in Media at Stafford College in Stafford, England.

Matthew Alford, Ph.D., earned his doctorate in 2008 from the University of Bath, England, with his Ph.D. thesis entitled, ΓΓé¼┼ôA Propaganda Model for Hollywood? Representations of American Foreign Policy in Contemporary Films.ΓΓé¼┬¥ Matthew has written for the Guardian, Fortean Times, New Statesman and BBC radio. He has also lectured at the Universities of Bath and Bristol. Matthew has a new August 2010 book released by the U. K.'s Pluto Press entitled Reel Power: Hollywood Cinema and American Supremacy. http://www.earthfiles.com/
		