STOSSEL - Libertarianism - Fox Business Network
2010, April 8, Thursday

Xvid/MP3 AVI - encoded from clean, composite SD source video

-------
[excerpted from John Stossel's blog:]


April 9, 2010 11:58 AM EDT by John Stossel
What Am I?

This week on my Fox Business program (re-airing tomorrow night at 7pm EST), I ask the question: What's a "libertarian"?

I was once a "liberal". In college, I was taught that government would solve poverty, if we would just allow those wise planners in Washington to take enough money from the rich so that government could work its magic. Then as a reporter, I saw that magic didn't work. The central planners just made life worse, miring us down in bureaucracy, wasting billions and taking away individual freedom.

Now, I'm often called a "conservative" because I support free markets and limited government.  But that seems odd, because I also oppose prohibition on drugs, prostitution, gambling, gay marriage. Conservatives typically support prohibition.

I want government to leave us alone.  We who feel that way often call ourselves "libertarian". In my FBN show and syndicated column this week, I start with the first objection to pure libertarianism that typically comes to mind:  the absence of a government safety net.

My wife’s first response to that was:

"That's cruel! What about the poor and the weak? Let them starve?"

...I [asked] some prominent libertarians that question, including Jeffrey Miron, who teaches economics at Harvard.

"It might in some cases be a little cruel," Miron said. "But it means you're not taking from people who've worked hard to earn their income (in order) to give it to people who have not worked hard."

But isn't it wrong for people to suffer in a rich country?

"The number of people who will suffer is likely to be very small. Private charity ... will provide support for the vast majority who would be poor in the absence of some kind of support. When government does it, it creates an air of entitlement that leads to more demand for redistribution, till everyone becomes a ward of the state."

Full column here. 
http://www.creators.com/opinion/john-stossel/what-am-i.html