EyeTV 3.3.3 (6040) - Mac Os X 

EyeTV lets you watch, record, edit, timeshift and archive TV on your Mac. With solutions for analog and digital television, and video quality options to meet differing customer needs.

System Requirements:

EyeTV 3.3.3 is a Universal application. It requires a Macintosh computer with built-in USB 2.0 ports, and Mac OS X 10.4.11 (Tiger) or later. We recommend Mac OS X 10.6.2 or later with all software and security updates installed.

EyeTV 3.3.3 is fully compatible with Snow Leopard.

Version 3.3.3:

64-bit Components

EyeTV 3.3.3 contains several additional components that are running in Intel 64-bit mode. In addition to the H.264 video decoder, MPEG-2 video is decoded in 64-bit mode for both playback and export.

EyeTV Sharing and EyeConnect now run in 64-bit mode.

Learn more about 64-bit computing: http://www.apple.com/macosx/technology

How to tell if your Intel-based Mac has a 32-bit or 64-bit processor: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT3696

Bug Fixes:

EyeTV 3.3.3 contains many bug fixes, improving performance and stability.

Hardware:

Improved quality of analog recordings with EyeTV Hybrid (North America 2010) on Macs with Intel Core Duo processors 2.26 GHz and faster.
Improved stability for the EyeTV Netstream DTT, EyeTV Hybrid 2010 (North America), and EyeTV Sat.
Improved CAM reliability and support for EyeTV Sat.
EyeTV Sat no longer accepts remote commands from unsupported remote controls.
Fixed a problem where analog channel names were not displayed when tuning with EyeTV Hybrid.
Recordings
Improved performance when loading large libraries.
Fixed crashes related to memory usage.
Fix a problem where an incorrect audio track was exported to program or elementary streams.
Improved sort speed in Programs window.
Program Guide
Fixed a problem where shows longer than 3 hours would not show a title or episode title in the EPG.
Improved details view for EPG.
Fixed a crash when clearing the EPG.
Program Guide searches are no longer case sensitive.
Improved resiliency during EPG server outages.

Misc:

EyeTV 3.3.3 fixes video playback problems with EyeTV 3.3.2 in certain countries.
Fixed a crash when displaying Picture-in-Picture.
Fixed a problem during analog input capture where certain VHS players would show "No Signal" after a few seconds of fast forward or reverse.
Improved picture quality of DV exports.
EyeConnect now recognizes when the local IP Address has changed, and resumes working.
Fixed a problem where large channels list were deleted.