Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"You Can Leave Your Hat On" is a song written by Randy Newman and appearing on his 1972 album Sail Away. It was made famous by Joe Cocker when featured in the 1986 Adrian Lyne film 9½ Weeks during the famous striptease scene. It first appeared on his album from that year titled Cocker.

In the lyrics, the singer is addressing a sexual partner as he/she disrobes as a prelude to a sexual encounter, perhaps in a striptease fashion. The vocalist in most recordings of the song is male, and is presumably addressing a female, due to the lyrics "Take off your dress." There are exceptions, for example Etta James did a cover version; in her version the line "Take off your dress" is modified.

The verses of the song are short, and the frequently repeated chorus consists simply of the line "You can leave your hat on" repeated three times.

As in many of Newman's song lyrics, there's more going on than a cursory listen would suggest. While it can be seen as a straight-ahead "sexy" song (and many cover versions interpret it that way), the narrator also hints that he's trying to rationalize something unsavory.

Cocker is a 1986 album by Joe Cocker.

John Robert "Joe" Cocker, OBE (born on 20 May 1944 in Sheffield, England) is an English rock/blues musician, composer  and actor  who came to popularity in the 1960s, and is most known for his gritty voice, his idiosyncratic arm movements while performing, and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of the Beatles. He is the recipient of several awards, including a 1983 Grammy Award for his song "Up Where We Belong", a duet which he performed with Jennifer Warnes. He was ranked #97 on Rolling Stone's 100 greatest singers list.

Cocker was born on 20 May 1944 at 38 Tasker Road, Crookes, Sheffield. He is the youngest son of a civil servant, Harold Cocker, and Madge Cocker. According to different family stories, Cocker received his nickname of Joe either from playing a childhood game called "Cowboy Joe" or from a neighbourhood window cleaner named Joe. Cocker's main musical influences growing up were Ray Charles and Lonnie Donegan. Cocker's first experience singing in public was at age 12 when his elder brother Victor invited him on stage to sing during a gig of his skiffle group. In 1960, along with three friends, Cocker formed his first group, the Cavaliers. For the group's first performance at a youth club, they were required to pay the price of admission before entering. The Cavaliers eventually broke up after a year and Cocker left school to become an apprentice gas fitter while he pursued a career in music.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 

