This is a laucher for Assassins Creed II. It's almost like a crack. It has an auto updater too!

F.A.Q.

Q: What's it's main goal?
A: The main goal of this application is to make the whole process of playing the non-legit AC2 more user-friendly and closer to one-click.

Q: What does it do?
A: As soon as this application is launched it will automatically detect your AC2 and Ubisoft Game Launcher installation folders, download a newer modified version of UGL, which will connect to a server provided with the latest values instead of Ubisoft's, letting you play the game freely without having to run a server locally, change hosts and stuff. Now if the launcher doesn't detect an active internet connection or detects that the server is offline, it will launch a server locally so that you can still play.

Q: Ubisoft Game Launcher asks for a username and password. What do I do?
A: You can login with any username/password combination.

Q: Ubisoft Game Launcher asks for a serial number. What should I write?
A: Close it and launch my launcher again.

Q: When Leonardo fixes my blade the game freezes. What should I do?
A: The game doesn't freeze. You must just press "2".

Q: What if you release a newer version of your application? Do I have to download it again?
A: No, when a newer version is available the application will prompt you to download it.

Q: But what if I launch AC2 without your Launcher? Will it update to the latest legit version - making it unplayable?
A: No, as soon as my launcher is launched one time with an active internet connection it will download a modified version of UGL, which will only auto-update from my server.

Q: What if my internet disconnects while I'm in-game?
A: The game will display a "Lost Network Connection" message. As soon as internet connection is regained the game will reconnect to the server and will let you continue the game.

Q: It says that I don't have Assassin's Creed II installed while I have it.
A: First of all make sure that it is INSTALLED and not copied from another computer. Also if you are under Windows 7 or Vista try running the launcher as an Administrator.

Q: While I was in-game a "Lost Network Connection" message appeared while I still had internet. What now?
A: This usually happens when the server restarts (every 2-6 hours). The game should automatically reconnect after 2-10 seconds. If it hasn't reconnected after 30 seconds it means that the server is offline, in which case you must close the game and restart the launcher (sad I know).

Q: Ok, the game disconnected and then reconnected but the message appeared for about 5 more times. Should I worry about it?
A: No. This usually happens when the server restarts and more that 100 clients are connecting at the same time. These messages should disappear after 10-30 seconds.

Q: Are you freaking stupid? We don't need a replacement to ubisoft's servers. We need an one-click offline crack!@%^!
A: First of all, a central server that a lot users can connect and play at the same time is more convenient to almost everyone. Secondly, this is why the app has an offline/local mode. Thirdly, if you don't like it don't use it...

Screenshots: 
http://n0.pointlimit.com/images/ac2screen1.png 
http://n0.pointlimit.com/images/ac2screen2.png 
http://n0.pointlimit.com/images/ac2screen3.png 
http://n0.pointlimit.com/images/ac2screen4.png



Credits:
NoFaTe - Application Creator, Server Modification, Server Hosting
Dormine - Server Creator
CS.RIN.RU Community - Latest Values