Copied from doPDF Homepage:


Freeware. Lightweight. No nags.

doPDF6.2 free PDF converter
for Windows 7 (RC), Windows Vista, XP, 2008/2003/2000 Server (32 and 64-bit)

doPDF is a free PDF converter for both personal and commercial use. 
Using doPDF you can create PDF files by selecting the "Print" command from virtually any application. With one click you can convert your Microsoft Excel, Word or PowerPoint documents or your emails and favorite web sites to PDF files.


Convert to PDF

doPDF6.2 installs itself as a virtual PDF printer driver so after a successful installation will appear in your Printers and Faxes list. 
To convert to PDF, you just have to print the document to doPDF, the free pdf converter. Open a document (with Microsoft Word, WordPad, NotePad or any other software#, choose Print and select doPDF. 
It will ask you where to save the PDF file and when finished, the PDF file will be automatically opened in your default PDF viewer.


Main benefits for using this free PDF converter: 

It’s free - PDF converter free for both commercial and personal use.

32-bit and 64-bit support - can be installed on both 32-bit and 64-bit Windows operating systems.

No GhostScript or .NET - doesn’t require 3rd party programs to do PDF files such as GhostScript or runtime environments like the .NET Framework. 
This makes the setup file to be incredibly small compared to other free PDF converters.

Customizable resolution - you can choose any resolution from 72 to 2400 dpi.

Predefined/custom page sizes - choose a default page size #Letter, Legal, A4, A5, A6, ...) or enter your own custom page size.

Searchable PDFs - you can search for text within the created PDF file (and search engines will also index the text from the PDF#.

Multi-language - choose a language for the user interface from the 20 languages currently supported #credits#.

Do your part in saving the planet - instead of consuming paper to print your document, why not create a PDF file out of it and spare a couple of planet-saving trees?

Barely uses any computer resources - compared to other free PDF converters, doPDF barely uses any memory or CPU resources when doing the actual conversion to PDF.

doPDF is a free PDF converter, it is not a PDF viewer.



Changelog:


What's changed in doPDF 6.3.307:

New: doPDF now allows you to choose if the PDF reader will open after the PDF is created

New: Uses local time instead of system time for PDF creation date and time

New: Added Danish language for the interface

New: Creates folders (multiple levels) when saving pdf file, if folders do not exist


Fix: Corrected bug numeric values when no decimals allowed in regional settings - numbers

Fix: Corrected mirrored images in printer driver

Fix: Corrected bug to keep the resolution set in preferences


What's changed in doPDF 6.3.308:

If UAC is turned on now doPDF will create the PDF files.


What's changed in doPDF 6.3.309:

Fix: Corrected some problems with the Danish language

Fix: Corrected conversion for drawings containing Bezier curves


ED2K Link:
ed2k://|file|dopdf.exe|1820432|D362DCE263D5B8F1EFE93715B044AB74|h=QCICEIIOQX4CDDOMCZIMWHBNTDDEL2CR|/