Story : 
................After experiencing several major wars, people have finally obtained peace. However, they are unable to appreciate peace without contemplating war and death from a safe distance. Therefore, they make a show business out of war. In this staged war, those who must fight each other are children called “Killdre”. They remain forever young until they die in the sky.

Kannami Yuichi is stationed at Uris, a frontline base in Europe. He has no memories of the past prior to arriving there, but he knows he is a Killdre, and knows how to operate a fighter.

Yuichi’s ability is soon acknowledged and he becomes an ace pilot. Then, he meets a girl, Kusanagi Suito, a commander of the base, who is also a Killdre and used to be an ace pilot as well. Although they are meeting for the first time, they feel as if they had known each other for a long time and soon they become close. However, one day, she asks him a surprising thing: “Can you kill me? Otherwise, we cannot escape from all this.”
.
Watch this extraordinary piece of work. You will surely Have an experience of watching a simple movie which tends to be a lot more complicated to understand. Just dont forget to watch the last and most important scene, which comes after end credits. For the first time I took a little extra time to make chapters for this movie.
.
File name : The Sky Crawlers
Language : Japanes
Duration : 2h 2mn
Video : h264
Audio : AAC 5.1
Source : Blurayrip
Subtitle : English styled soft subs {ASS}
File size : 454 MiB
Genre : Action,Military
.
The movie is definitely worth a watch.
Dont hesitate to grab this. The file size is just 450MB. Watching this movie will give you a whole new experience. 
.
A word about the Movie : This movie is one of the master pieces of Oshii's direction. He tries to make you think and doesn’t hand you every piece of info, you have to look for answers, and trust me, they’re here. The plot isn’t weak at all, but you can agree or not if it’s well presented. And I presonally felt that ,interior scenes with their beautiful hand drown backgrounds definitely left a bigger impression on me than the cg dogfight scenes.
.
Do remember "there are no bad apples here"