VALKYRJA were formed in 2004 and immediately started working on writing their own material. In March of 2005 the first aural offering was crafted under the title ‘Funeral Voices’, a vicious 5-track presenting a fierce and relentless preview of what was yet to rise.

‘Funeral Voices’ got re-released under a new title – ‘Far Beyond’ - on cassette via Deathkrush Productions in September of the same year, including an additional 5-track studio session on the B-side.

In 2006 VALKYRJA went through some line-up changes, as guitarist Joakim and drummer Skall were dismissed from the band. A. Hed stepped in on guitar and J. Wallgren joined on drums.

The debut album ‘The Invocation Of Demise’ was recorded at Necromorbus Studio in March and April of 2007 and unleashed upon mankind in September via Northern Silence Productions (CD/LP).

Bass player J. Lindgren left the borders of Sweden, soon being replaced by M.A. In July of 2008. By the end of the year VALKYRJA signed a multiple album deal with Metal Blade Records. The band sees the work with these allies as an opportunity to spread their crafts even further and on a larger scale. The Swedes have thus far already marked both studio and live performances with a brutal and aggressive signet, leaving no-one unaware of what the band can deliver. Territories stand not yet ravished by the plague and famine that is VALKYRJA, a fact this collaboration will change - a seal in Blood, Fire and Death.

In early 2009 the band is busy writing and rehearsing new songs for their second full-length. VALKYRJA plan to record at Necromorbus once again.

A new studio session took place during the summer of 2009 to manifest the second album ‘Contamination’. Recorded at Necromorbus Studio, again with Tore Stjerna as producer.

Current line-up 
A.L. - Vocals
S.W. - Guitar (Ondskapt)
A. Hed - Guitar
Mikael A. - Bass
J. Wallgren - Drums (Vituperation, Ondskapt) 

Genre = Black Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = vbr

Track Listing 
01. Advent... 
02. Oceans To Dust 
03. Catharsis (Contaminate The Earth) 
04. Solstice In Withdrawal 
05. Laments Of The Destroyed 
06. Ambience Of The Dead 
07. The Womb Of Disease 
08. Welcoming Worms 
09. A Cursed Seed In The World 
10. The Adversarial Incentive Within All 