Seán Tyrrell - Cry of a Dreamer 
Year: 1995
Label: Rykodisc
Total time: 55:08
Quality: 320 kbps

"Only from day to day
The life of a wise man runs;
What matters if seasons far away
Have gloom an have double suns?"

In the middle of the fourteen unsurpassable and frighteningly good tracks on Cry Of A Dreamer there’s a trilogy of poems by John Boyle O’Reilly set to music by Sean Tyrrell.  On the inner sleeve there is another short lyric of O’Reilly’s.  In many ways it sums up the variety of moods on the fifty-five minutes of this disc which is at once romantic and dreamy, full of loss, longing and desire, yet also scathingly realistic. 
A potent and innovative amalgamation of an assortment of indigenous musical styles, from Cajun to Folk to Blues to Irish traditional – to everything in between – Cry Of A Dreamer is held together by astoundedly accomplished musicianship that is rooted in the heartfelt traditions of honesty, integrity and a compassion and understanding which can only be discovered by experiencing life openly and at first hand as opposed to reflecting upon in it an ivory tower. ~ Sean's website

U.S. debut album by Irish troubadour Sean Tyrrell sounds like a long-lost gem from the vaults of an Irish folk catalog.  In fact, it’s a brand-new album by a current artist who happens to be profoundly steeped I Celtic tradition and untempered by modern musical influences.  The release – which was named Irish album of the year by Folk Roots – includes such lovely tunes as "Coast Of Malabar", a traditional lyric with music by Tyrrell; a trilogy of ancient poems that Tyrrell also set to music; and such varied fare as "Isle Of Innisfree", "Mattie", and the title track.  Featuring Davy Spillane on Uilleann pipes and low whistle and Mairtin O’Connor on accordion, among others, "Cry Of A Dreamer" is a feast of traditional Irish music.  The genuine article. ~ Billboard Magazine

Personnel:
Sean Tyrrell (Vocals, Mandocello, Mandobass, Guitar, Mandola and Banjo) 
Liam Lewis (Fiddle and Viola) 
Steve Hanks (Saxophones and Clarinet) 
Davy Spillane (Uillean Pipes and Low Whistle) 
Tommy Peoples (Viola) 
Mairtin O'Connor, Paul Gunning (Accordion) 
Kevin Crawford (Flute and Bodhran) 
Brendan Mulligan (Harmonica and Jews Harp) 
Greg Boland (Electric Slide Guitar) 
Frankie Colohan (Guitar) 
Shane Holden, Jimmy Fitzgerald, Johnny Mulhern (Acoustic Guitar) 
P.J. Curtis (Highstring Guitar, Bodhran and Keyboards) 
Colin Boland (Piano) 
James Blennerhassett (Bass Guitar and Double Bass) 
Jimmy Cubbard (Drums and Percussion) 

Seán Tyrrell - Cry of a Dreamer Tracks: 
01  Mattie (Johnny Mulhern) 3:27 
02  Isle of Inisfree (Dick Farrelly) 4:02 
03  House of Delight (David Callinan) 3:55 
04  November Rain (David Callinan) 6:31 
05  Blue Green Bangle (Johnny Mulhern) 3:35 
06  Trilogy - Message of Peace (John Boyle O'Really/Sean Tyrrell) 2:25 
07  Trilogy - Cry of a Dreamer (John Boyle O'Really/Sean Tyrrell) 3:24 
08  Trilogy - Only from Day to Day (John Boyle O'Really/Sean Tyrrell) 3:05 
09  No-Go (Louis McNiece/Traditional/arr. Sean Tyrrell) 3:09 
10  Connie's Song (David Marcus/Douglas Hyde/Sean Tyrrell) 3:23 
11  Fortune for the Finder (David Callinan) 3:45 
12  Coast of Malabar (Traditional/Sean Tyrrell) 4:59 
13  Demolition Dan (Johnny Mulhern) 4:37 
14  The 12th of July (John Frazier/Sean Tyrrell) 4:45