Cephalic Carnage is an American grindcore band formed in 1992 in Denver, Colorado. The band comprises vocalist Lenzig Leal, guitarists Steve Goldberg and Brian Hopp, drummer John Merryman and bassist Nick Schendzielos. Cephalic Carnage has released five studio albums and toured in North America, Europe and Japan.

Cephalic Carnage plays a technically proficient deathgrind style, experiments with other genres and incorporates songs of joke nature into their albums, such as parodies of black metal or metalcore. They refer themselves as "rocky mountain hydro grind".

Cephalic Carnage participated in a "mini-tour" of Japan in May 2009, performing in Osaka, Nagoya and Tokyo. In June 2009, Cephalic Carnage, along with Cattle Decapitation and Withered, pulled out of the Blackenedfest tour due to organization problems and said they were "getting on with writing the next full length, (...) as well as finishing construction of our late night poutine stand, where we will serve country-fried giraffe eggs and your favorite French-Canadian specialty." In October 2009, the band released a music video for the song "Vaporized" while writing a new album and announced a planned concert DVD entitled Live At Your Mom's House.
Cephalic Carnage began recording their new album, Misled By Certainty, in May 2010. It is scheduled to be released August 31, 2010 by Relapse Records.

Current line-up
Leonard "Lenzig" Leal - Vocals
Steve Goldberg - Guitars (Adnauseam, Molester)
Brian Hopp - Guitars
Nick Schendzielos - Bass, Backing Vocals (AinMatter, Reign of Vengeance)
John Merryman - Drums (Molester)

Genre = Technical Grind / Death Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps
File Size = 123.61 MB 

Tracklist
1. The Incorrigible Flame	
2. Warbots A.M.	
3. Abraxas of Filth
4. Pure Horses
5. Cordyceps Humanis	
6. Raped by an Orb	
7. P.G.A.D.
8. Dimensional Modulation Transmogra
9. Ohrwurm		
10. When I Arrive
11. Power and Force	
12. A King and a Thief
13. Repangaea	
14. Aeyeuchg!