For uncounted years, DeathSpank has been a Dispenser of Justice, a Vanquisher of Evil, and a Hero to the Downtrodden. DeathSpank has long searched for a powerful artifact called….The Artifact. Forged by unknown hands for unknown purposes some unknown time in the past, The Artifact is now within DeathSpank’s reach. What is The Artifact? This product supports the following languages: In-game speech: English; On-screen text: English.

Key features:

The Epic Humor of Ron Gilbert – Ron Gilbert brings his hilarious brand of witty humor and ridiculous dialog to a whole new genre in one of the most epic stories ever told involving a hero and his quest to find The Artifact.
Two-Player Local “Sidekick” Co-op – Recruit a friend to fight by your side as your heroic sidekick and work your way together through hellacious dungeons and a mysterious land. Local co-op requires a controller for the second player.
Explore a Massive World – The world of DeathSpank is massive and full of tons of unique and hilarious characters, dangerous foes, diverse landscapes, and chickens...lots of chickens.
Find and Collect Hundreds of Weapons, Unique Items, and Armor Pieces – Collect hundreds of weapons, armor pieces, and unique items (have you ever collected unicorn poop, or used a chicken launcher?) during your heroic journey and use them to customize your character’s abilities and inventory.

System Requirements: 

OS: Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7
Processor: Intel Pentium 4 (or equivalent) running at 1.7 GHz or greater
Memory: 1 GB of ram, 1.5 GB (Vista and Windows 7)
Hard Disk Space: at least 2 GB of free HD space
Video Card: ATI Radeon X1800 GTO 256MB and the Nvidia GeForce 6800 Ultra 256MB cards; Shader 2.0 and 24 bit depth buffer support required
DirectX®: DirectX9 Jun 2010
Local co-op requirements: A controller is required for the second player

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Installation: 

1. start the .exe in the folder.
2. Choose where you want to install.
3. install.
4. Play and Enjoy.



With thanks to THETA for creating this.