Wednesday, March 10, 2010

Eric Massa was on Glenn Beck last night. Ouch.  If you haven’t seen it, let me just say that encounter had to be at least as awkward as the alleged encounters between Massa and his staffers. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a worse train wreck on television that didn’t involve an actual train wreck. I was hoping that Glenn Beck was going to throw a frog in boiling water just to break the tension. As riveting television goes, this really had me missing the curling competitions. Actually it was a lot like the curling matches—nothing was happening, but you couldn’t stop watching it. Only one person could have enjoyed watching this—Geraldo Rivera. The opening of Al Capone’s vaults is no longer the biggest bust in the history of television. In a way it was all rather fitting. A guy who seems to be going crazy dropped in on a guy who went there a long time ago. It was almost like watching a welcoming ceremony to Crazy World—one that didn’t go too smoothly. Gee, I hope Eric Massa passed the initiation and gets in.

The Beck interview came shortly after news broke that Massa was being investigated for groping several male staff members.  Unfortunately, the Congressman kept on groping during the interview. His response to the groping allegations? He said “Not only did I grope him, I tickled him until he couldn’t breathe.” OK. There are ‘non-denial denials,’ but that’s the most NON non-denial I’ve ever heard. It was more like an affirmation denial. Heck, it was almost a celebration denial. (But it must have been a denial, because hours later on Larry King, Massa said it’s not true that he groped anyone.  Also, when asked straight up—ahem—by Larry King if he was gay, Massa said “I’m not going to answer that. In the year 2010? Why don’t you ask my wife, ask my friends. Ask the 10,000 sailors I served with in the Navy.” Here’s a quick piece of advice—if you want to stay in the closet, when somebody asks if you are gay, it’s probably not good to use the phrase “10,000 sailors” anywhere in the answer.)

The bottom line on the Beck interview is that Beck wanted Massa to give him evidence of some elaborate White House plot to set-up Eric Massa. The interview hardly could have come out worse for Beck if the whole thing had been an elaborate White House plot to set up Glenn Beck.