Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Wanted" is the debut single from American singer-songwritter Jessie James, from her self-titled and debut album due to release on July, during the summer.

The music video of "Wanted" was shot on 28 March, in Los Angeles. Actor Erik Von Detten cameo on video as a cop agent that pursuit Jessie, and he kisses her in the end. Wanted music video was directed by Travis Kopach. The video leaked on web on April 24th, and was featured as the Free Music Video of the Week on iTunes from May 5 to May 11.

The song is produced by Mitch Allan and co-written by Jessie James, American Idol judge Kara DioGuardi, Mitch Allan (Faith Hill, Daughtry) and David Hodges (Kelly Clarkson, Evanescence).  "Wanted" was officialy released on Top40/Contemporary hit radio stations from United States on April 14, and 22 stations added the song on this week. It debuted on Australian radio's on April 27, 2009. "Wanted" was released on iTunes on May 12th. The song has sold 143,835 copies as of July, 8th 2009.

Jon Caramanica of New York Times gives a good review about "Wanted" and Jessie's songs: Here is what he thought: “Wanted,” the debut single by the Georgia-raised, Nashville-based Jessie James, is feisty shampoo-commercial pop save for three bars near the bridge, when a country guitar shows its hand. If Nashville can go pop, why can’t pop start out a little bit Nashville? That’s what the music of Ms. James, whose self-titled debut (on Mercury) is due in July, is asking. And while we’re mixing, why can’t it be hip-hop as well? “Cowboy,” written with Jamey Johnson and Randy Houser, has snappy snares and puckish fiddle. The clever “Blue Jeans,” which uses a beat drawn from Ms. James’s own step routine and tweaks Dem Franchise Boyz’ 2004 hit “White Tee,” is perhaps the first white-girl country-rap song. But Ms. James knows getting embraced by the home crowd would be nice too. To wit, the Twitter message she recently posted to the producer Mitch Allan, imploring him to “make a country version of Wanted!!! Country stations want it!” But can she go home again? 

Billboard Review: Pull out all the sex appeal from Carrie Underwood in "Before He Cheats," throw on a Pussycat Dolls beat and infuse some powerhouse Christina Aguilera vocals, and it's nearly Jessie James' "Wanted."

The Nashville-based singer's first single has a forceful bang and a aslight Souther twang, tapping into Pink and Kelly Clarkson territory with its slamming rock vibe.

Mitch Allen (Daughtry, Faith Hill) constructed an alluring rock song with some parts country, some parts hip-hop. James crafted the track with a hot pop/rock team of songwriters: Allan, Kara DioGuardio and David Hodges; paired with her convincing vocals and swagger, she's got what it takes to make a name for herself. 

Scott Vollweiler of Broken Records Magazine in their June/July Issue: Once you pop the album into your cd player, you will be amazed, this girl can really sing! While the album sent to us only have 5 tracks, each song was strong and well written. Jessie is truly a country girl singing her butt off. Her first single “Wanted” was written by Mitch Allan, Kara DioGuardi, David Hodges and Jessie herself. When your writing with some of the best writers in the world, there’s no way you can strike out. “Blue Jeans” was apart of the soundtrack for the movie “Confessions of a Shopaholic.” Her songs have already passed the Four Million mark on myspace. She is poised to be next big thing. Check her out in our Buzz section.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/