Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"I Keep Forgettin' (Every Time You're Near)" (also known as "I Keep Forgettin'") is a 1982 popular song written by Michael McDonald and Ed Sanford. Its similarity to the earlier song "I Keep Forgettin'", by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller, resulted in Leiber and Stoller also being given a songwriting credit.

Michael McDonald recorded it as a duet with his sister Maureen for If That's What It Takes, his first solo album away from The Doobie Brothers, and it reached #4 on the Billboard Pop Singles charts, and #7 on the R&B chart. Greg Phillinganes, Steve Lukather and Jeff Porcaro of the band Toto played the clavinet, guitar and drums respectively.

McDonald's song was heavily sampled by Warren G on his hit 1994 single "Regulate", featuring Nate Dogg, and by Jadakiss on "Kiss Is Spittin'", which also features Nate Dogg. 'Regulate' also samples the title cut from Bob James' 1981 album Sign of The Times.

The bassline is also sampled in the track "Bistro" by critically-acclaimed MF Doom/Madlib collaboration Madvillain.

The chorus is covered by Moloko in an acoustic mix to their hit single from 2003, "Familiar Feeling".

There is also a version by Patti LaBelle and recently McDonald sang it as a duet with Julia Fordham.

If That's What It Takes is the name of Michael McDonald's debut solo album, released in 1982.

Michael McDonald (born February 12, 1952) is a five-time Grammy Award winning American singer and songwriter. Sometimes described as a "blue-eyed soul" singer, McDonald has a distinctive "husky, soulful" baritone voice. He is known for his work as a member of the Doobie Brothers and Steely Dan, and for several hits as a solo artist.

McDonald was recruited by the band The Doobie Brothers in April 1975 when lead singer Tom Johnston  became ill during a national tour. His time with the band proved so successful that they decided to retain him as a full time member.

As a member of the Doobies, he recorded some of his most well-known songs, such as "Takin' It to the Streets", "Little Darling", "It Keeps You Runnin'" "Minute by Minute" and "What a Fool Believes" (which became a number one single in the U.S. and earned him a 1978 Grammy Award for Song of the Year). At the same time he appeared as a session singer and piano player for artists like Christopher Cross, Jack Jones, Bonnie Raitt, the rock band Toto and Kenny Loggins.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/