File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Unholy" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, written by Gene Simmons and Vinnie Vincent. Featured on their 1992 album Revenge, the song is one of the three Vincent co-writes to appear on the album despite the fact that he had been fired from the band 8 years earlier. The release of "Unholy" signaled the return to a heavier sound for Kiss and was their first single to feature a lead vocal by bassist Gene Simmons since "I Love It Loud" in 1982 (a song also co-written by Vincent). The song was played live during the Revenge Tour and was included on the 1993 live album Alive III, but did not return to the live Kiss set list until 2004's Rock The Nation Tour.

In 2008, the song was parodied on the Kiss tribute album KISS MY ANKH: A Tribute To Vinnie Vincent, written and performed by rock & roll comic C.C. Banana. The parody is called "Ted Poley" and was inspired by a real life encounter between Danger Danger vocalist Ted Poley and Kiss frontman Paul Stanley, while the two bands were on tour together in 1992.

German band Die Ärzte, who supported Kiss in 1996, recorded a German version of the song in 1994 for the tribute album Kiss My Ass: Classic Kiss Regrooved.

Revenge is a studio album by Kiss, released in 1992. It was the band's first album after the death of long-time drummer Eric Carr in November 1991. His replacement, Eric Singer, had played with Black Sabbath, Badlands, Brian May and Alice Cooper, among others.

The album was dedicated to Carr, and the last track ("Carr Jam 1981") was a demo he had recorded soon after joining the group. One modification to the song, however, was the dubbing of Bruce Kulick's guitar over Ace Frehley's, which originally appeared. The main riff of the song was used as the basis for the Frehley's Comet song "Breakout," found on 1987's Frehley's Comet.

For Revenge, Kiss re-established ties with a pair of old associates—producer Bob Ezrin and guitarist/songwriter Vinnie Vincent. Ezrin had last worked with the group on 1981's ill-fated concept album, Music from "The Elder". Prior to that, he produced the band's highly successful Destroyer album in 1976.

Vincent, who in December 1982 had replaced original guitarist Ace Frehley, was fired from Kiss at the conclusion of their Lick It Up tour in March 1984, for reasons that have never been fully explained. Vincent received co-writing credit for three songs on Revenge.

"God Gave Rock 'N Roll To You II", originally recorded for the soundtrack to Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey, was the last Kiss song to feature a performance by Eric Carr. Carr, too ill to play drums on the song, provided background vocals.

"God Gave Rock 'N' Roll To You II", "Unholy", and "Domino" are the songs from the album that have endured as regular Kiss live staples. "I Just Wanna" and "Take It Off" were played on the Revenge tour and appeared on Alive III, and "Every Time I Look at You" was performed on Kiss Unplugged.

It was certified Gold (500,000 units sold) on July 20, 1992.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

