Aerial Mysteries, Aliens & Dying Coral

Date: 11-23-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: Linda Moulton Howe, Andre Eggelletion


Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe discussed the mysterious glowing aerial "gyroscopes" over Florida's Isles of Capri, dead and dying coral south of BP's Gulf oil disaster site, heavy concrete ICBM silo covers moved aside by glowing discs and a Texas nurse's close encounter with a bizarre non-human. In her first report, Linda interviewed Ann Hall about witnessing in May, 2010, a large aerial object estimated to be 20 feet by 20 feet with lights spinning vertically and horizontally "like a gyroscope." "This thing gave off like a pulsating yellow and white light. But it was absolutely totally silent!" she said, adding that numerous other strange light sightings had occurred in the Isles of Capri area near Naples, Florida, as recently as October.

In the wake of the BP Gulf spill National Science Foundation-funded scientists have discovered that in an area south of the BP Macondo well site 95% of the coral is dead or dying. Linda interviewed biology professor Charles Fisher who went on a dive to examine the deep-water coral communities in the Gulf of Mexico. "We have never in my years of work in the deep Gulf encountered an entire community of corals that were dying," he commented, noting there was strong circumstantial evidence that the corals' devastation was related to the nearby BP spill.

Martin Cole, the son of a Boeing engineer assigned to keep the Minuteman missile sites running in the 1960s and 1970s, spoke with Linda in her third segment. He recounted the times his now deceased father described UFOs interacting with the missiles and even removing the thick concrete tops that cover missile silos and moving them to the side--a feat that humans can only accomplish to this day with heavy duty cranes.

In her last report Linda spoke with a nurse in Dallas, Texas, who described her encounter with a strange being that had bark-like skin and large, slanted black eyes. The incident was preceded by a high-pitched sound outside her bedroom window and a "neon-green glow" lighting everything up.

Economic Analysis

First hour guest, talk show host Andre Eggelletion, shared his analysis of the economy. The US can't have a true recovery until we start creating more jobs here, he commented. He recommended people invest in precious metals, especially silver, at the current time. Eggelletion also reported on a recent oil discovery in Jamaica.

Website(s):
earthfiles.com
realdealtalk.com

Book(s):
Alien Harvest
Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles
Glimpses of Other Realities, Volume 2
Thieves in the Temple