Skip to 02:07 minutes into the video and you will see the title of the video.

------------ 
http://www.treasureislandmedia.com/TreasureIslandMedia_2007/cart/DAWSON-S-50-LOAD-WEEKEND-PART-1.html


Treasure Island Media - DAWSON'S 50-LOAD WEEKEND - Part 1 - Bareback


PART 1 of a spectacular two-part video from Treasure Island Media ...

Without doubt, this one's gonna be part of porn history. This is a landmark.

The story is already a porn legend: a young man with a disarming grin and perfect bubble butt named DAWSON approached us wanting to spend an entire weekend taking loads - just to see how many he could get. The result was DAWSON'S 20-LOAD WEEKEND, one of the most popular porn DVDs we've produced. Amid a storm of scandal and controversy, DAWSON's reputation as one of the cum-hungriest pig-bottoms EVER was born.

We weren't surprised when DAWSON told us he wanted to do it again. But this time he wanted to go even further: he was determined to more than DOUBLE the number of loads!

Our New York director MAX SOHL was only too happy to oblige, so he and DAWSON joined up in New York City to see if the handsome cum-bucket could surpass his own record. For FIVE DAYS the insatiable DAWSON took load after load after load ...

Documenting this awesome and incredible weekend was an Olympian task, and the resulting video is so over-the-top that we couldn't fit it all into ONE cum-saturated DVD, so we broke it up into TWO PARTS.

------------------------

NOTE:

A lot of this stuff on eMule, using their client to connect to a server and search for those videos. Most of their videos are there. to get eMule client go here:

------------------------

NOTE:
By viewing this torrent page I agree that I am of legal age and not with any local, state, or federal law enforcement agencies whatsoever and that I am not a reporter, writer, or agent for any news or media organization. I am viewing this material at my sole discretion on my own behalf and will not report/disclose my findings and/or comments regarding this material. I subscribe to the principles of the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America which holds that free adult Americans have the right to decide for themselves what they will read and view without governmental interference. ADULT XXX CONTENT FOR ADULT VIEWING ONLY.	
