                              Dimitri A. Khalezov                             
                                   presents                                   

                    911thology - Nuclear Demolition of the WTC              

      Supplied by...........DieHard911   Release type...Video in MP4 format 
      Cracked by..................none   Protection.....Free non-commercial. 
      Packaged by.........no packaging   Release size.................898 Mb 
      Release date......July 27, 2010.   Operating system................ALL
 

  

      Revised version of an interview with Dimitri A. Khalezov, a former 
      officer of the Soviet nuclear intelligence, officially known as the 
      Special Control Service of the 12th Chief Directorate of the Defense 
      Ministry, concerning the nuclear demolition of the World Trade Center. 
      This was originally posted onbut is no longer available.  
      The interview is divided into 26 parts of about 10 minutes each, with  
      MPEG-4 encoding + 1 more file - a 1963 video documentary showing how 
      an underground nuclear explosion of 47 kiloton was used to stop a gas 
      leak and its actual effects on the earth's surface. 
      
      Segments 1, 10 12, 17 and 22 have been updated, and the zipped file 
      "Reference Files Used in Video" has been added which includes pdf
      versions of 12 articles cited in the interview, along with another 
      zipped file with original definitions of 'ground zero' in all main 
      pre-9/11 English  dictionaries. Two parts of the free edition of  
      Dimitri Khalezov's book are included also.
      
      Mr. Khalezov's web site is http://www.dkhalezov.com/



      No installation is required. Just play these MPEG4 videos on any 
      compatible player-program! If you computer refuses to play them, 
      it means you have to install some additional codecs pack. Try to  
      download and install K-Lite Mega Codec Pack - it should cover all  
      your needs.


                                      
      GREETiNGS         
  
      Our greetings to all truth lovers and to all those who will help 
      to redistribute these materials. Leechers! Please, help to seed 
      this torrent! Don't think only about yourselves!