Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

Tracklist:

01. Welcome to Tomorrow
02. War
03. Fire Burning
04. My Girlfriend
05. Face Drop
06. Magical
07. Island Queen
08. Tomorrow
09. Twist Ya Around
10. Wrap U Around Me
11. Shoulda Let U Go (feat. Good Charlotte)
12. Over
13. Ice Cream Girl (feat. Wyclef Jean)
14. Why U Wanna Go

    Tomorrow is the second studio album by reggae singer Sean Kingston. The album was released on September 22, 2009. Currently, two singles have been released from the album. The album peaked at #37 on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart with 13,000 copies sold.

    Tomorrow's sound differs from Kingston's debut album. In this new LP, he explores sounds of 90's eurodance and electropop, using instruments like Roland 808 drum machine, Auto-Tune and synthesizers while adding his signature reggae and pop music. Tomorrow also melds together genres of punk-rock and soft-rock, shown in "Shoulda Let Go" featuring American rock band Good Charlotte. Influences of nu-disco, eurodisco and electropop show on "Fire Burning", "Face Drop", and "My Girlfriend".

    David Jeffries of Allmusic favored songs Fire Burning, Face Drop, "My Girlfriend", "Shoulda Let U Go", and "Ice Cream Girl" and feels ""Tomorrow" proves Kingston can provide a whole album's worth of pool-side entertainment even without the 'Beautiful Girls'-sized single." Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone feel "For the most part--despite Auto-Tuned slow songs--Kingston's mix of young-adult desire and disco heat shows he can cross over in unexpected directions." Simon Vosnick-Levinson of Entertainment Weekly feel that "Although he's got plenty of hooks, personality is in much shorter supply". While some of his reviews are positive, others feel his album lack novelty and interest. Jason Richards of NOW Magazine that although he is a good singer-songwriter, his album lacks novelty and feels irritating. Apparently to Sarah Rodman of The Boston Globe, Kingston's collections of "silly lyrics and robotic tempos of Sean Kingston’s sophomore album slide if it were mid-July and we were in the mood for Euro-disco/reggae mash-ups, and straight-up electro-pop."

    Bill Lamb of About.com:
    It's abundantly clear on Tomorrow that Sean Kingston plans to stick around for awhile. He demonstrates he can play well with other artists on the bouncy "Shoulda Let Go" featuring a rock chorus from Good Charlotte and a rhythmic vocal workout with Wyclef Jean on "Ice Cream Girl." At least half of the songs here could be pop hit singles and fit easily into contemporary pop radio playlists. Sean Kingston may want to consider stripping his sound down a bit more, but Tomorrow is far from an unpleasant listening experience. Sean Kingston has successfully delivered the goods he has to offer a second time around. 