
The soundtrack to a relatively little-known 1972 blaxploitation film featured songs written and performed by Bobby Womack, as well as a musical score by J.J. Johnson. Although the inconsistency of the approach precluded a musical statement along the lines of Superfly, it's an interesting find for those looking for little-heeded early-'70s soul with funk and rock influences. 
Womack's cuts count among his better material, and even if the title track cops much of its attitude from Superfly, it has a satisfyingly tough soul-rock groove of its own. "If You Want My Love" is a good grainy ballad, "Quicksand" a propulsive number well-suited for action scenes, and "Do It Right" in the mold of James Brown, but more rock-oriented. 
Johnson's instrumental contributions, while not as interesting, set a nice period soul-jazz mood, and there are nifty periodic washes of electronic effects in both composers' contributions. (AMG)



01. Bobby Womack & Peace - Across 110th Street
02. No Artist - We Throught We Are OK
03. J.J. Johnson & His Orchestra - Harlem Clavinette
04. Bobby Womack & Peace - If You Don't Want My Love
05. No Artist - Punk Errand Boy
06. J.J. Johnson & His Orchestra - Hang On In There
07. No Artist - The Man
08. Bobby Womack & Peace - Quicksand
09. No Artist - 150 Rounds
10. J.J. Johnson & His Orchestra - Harlem Love Theme
11. No Artist - Sick & Tired
12. J.J. Johnson & His Orchestra - Across 110th Street (instrumental)
13. No Artist - Take The Money
14. Bobby Womack & Peace - Do It Right
15. Bobby Womack & Peace - Hang On in There
16. J.J. Johnson & His Orchestra - If You Don't Want My Love
17. No Artist - This Is The Police
18. Bobby Womack & Peace - Across 110th Street (Part II)



The ‘No Artist’ tracks are original incidental Dialogue from the Film.



Label: Rykodisc
Released: 1997



Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 3
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)






Enjoy, Seed and Share

