PerfectSpeed PC Optimizer - the first product that combines a lot of tools for increasing the productivity of your computer. It contains a full set of programs for PC - Microsoft certified disk defragmentation and optimization tool for safe cleaning the system registry, delete duplicate files, files on the uninstall method Shredder and serious protection of your files - all-in-one! All processes can be automated to a high level.
- Monitoring real-time driver for fragmentation, registry errors, temporary files
- Full planning: defragger, reg. cleaner, recycler and traces eraser
- New improved user interface
- New tool uninstall files
- Improved - works faster

If you know PerfectDisk, you know how the optimization and defragmentation is addressed - in a top-quality manner that is certified by Microsoft. Sticking to the “keep it simple” approach, the boot time defrag is not part of PerfectSpeed, as well as some of the detailed reporting. But all the rest of the powerful engine is there, including the Space Explorer visual file and folder map.

It provides a complete space reclamation facility to remove duplicate files, temporary internet files, temporary user and system files, and even user-defined files. You not only get valuable space back, but also improved performance from the removal of all those unecessary files.

PerfectSpeed provides a safe registry cleaner, with safe being the operative word. Sure, there a bunch of freeware registry cleaners and others that do everything but create errors in an attempt to “find” as many problems and “erros” as possible - the higher the numbers, the better they “look” - until you often find yourself in trouble because they’ve overextended themselves. As with PerfectDisk, it’s all about quality, safety and assurance with PerfectSpeed’s registry cleaner.

Another key area of PerfectSpeed is privacy protection. While not directly linked to speed, it IS directly linked to a safe and secure PC environment. Every keystroke you make is tracked by the computer and continually storing your history on your hard drive. Like it or not, you’re accumulating a detailed record of all your internet activity - every image, video and program viewed, sent, downloaded or received. Just what a lot of bad guys want to know. Online banking, PayPal transactions, cookies you don’t want — all ripe for the taking. And for files you want gone — really gone — PerfectSpeed includes a military-strength file shredder.

And finally, there’s a neat little Tweak tool for setting various Windows performance, security and appearance settings.

It’s all wrapped up in one simple, automated, easy-to-use package. From the ones many love, some like, and others don’t know of….but millions trust.

1. Disk optimization tool
2. Safe registry cleaner
3. Erase your traces
4. Duplicate file remover
5. File shredder
6. Powerful privacy protection


Tested And Working Enjoy