Ashampoo Office 2010 10.0 Rev 584
Full Version with Key & Serial

The essential office suite for home and office! Ashampoo Office 2010 is a powerful, 
efficient, yet easy to handle office software that serves the needs of both 
private users and companies. Create extensive documents fast and with total ease, 
streamline and enhance your spreadsheets with meaningful charts, and grab your audience’s 
attention with multimedia-based presentations – and pay less. Ashampoo Office 2010 costs only a 
fraction of what other well-known software costs. With the word processor Ashampoo TextMaker, 
the spreadsheet Ashampoo PlanMaker, and the presentation graphics program Ashampoo Presentations, 
Ashampoo Office 2010 provides you with the most important applications for home and office use alike. 
Ashampoo Office 2010 offers superior compatibility to Microsoft Office 2007 and OpenOffice, i.e. 
it reads and writes Word, Excel and PowerPoint files with highest accuracy. 

The program even enables you to set your default file types to Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.

And best of all: you can simply install Ashampoo Office 2010 on a USB stick – and never leave your home 
without your office suite ever again. No matter if you’re a beginner or a pro: with Ashampoo Office 2010 
you will always achieve perfect results fast and easy – in office as well as at home.

All programs of Ashampoo Office 2010 are a perfect match. They do their job fast and reliable without 
demanding much from the computer’s hardware. In addition, the office suite doesn’t take up much hard-drive space.
Why waste time with complicated and expensive office programs? If you are looking for a fast, reliable 
and inexpensive office suite that offers easy handling next to superior compatibility with 
high-priced Microsoft Office products, you are right were you should be.

Ashampoo TextMaker 2010
Ashampoo TextMaker 2010 is everything you expect from a word processing software: it is fast, 
reliable and compatible - simply everything you need to manage your everyday correspondence. 
Needful helpers assist in writing serial letters, printing envelopes or finding spelling mistakes. 
But Ashampoo TextMaker 2010 is more than just a word processor. The new object mode offers exhaustive 
layout capabilities for easy flyer or poster design and enables you to position graphics, text frames 
or drawings anywhere you want to.
In an otherwise Microsoft dominated working environment Ashampoo Office 2010 performs at its best and 
provides superior compatibility with Microsoft Office. Simply exchange documents with colleagues and 
business partners, just like you’re used to.

Ashampoo PlanMaker 2010
The spreadsheet Ashampoo PlanMaker 2010 is on par with Microsoft Excel and offers more than 330 calculation 
functions that cover areas such as finance, statistics, cost analysis and many more. Form objects, 
filter functions, automatic summation, grouping of large spreadsheets, syntax highlighting and the new 
“detective” (formula checker) help to ease the handling of complex charts.
Visualize and present your results trouble-free with the powerful chart module that turns your numbers 
into colorful yet precise charts. Choose from 70 different chart types (2D and 3D) and create column 
charts, bar charts, pie charts, area charts, bubble charts, pyramid charts etc. With a number of effects 
like reflections, smooth shadows, elegant color gradients, transparency, and many more you can give your 
charts a fresh and personal touch.

Ashampoo Presentations 2010
With Ashampoo Presentations 2010 you are able to create stunning presentations that will catch 
your audience’s attention in no time. 
The program offers a variety of design templates, objects, and graphic effects thus enabling you to create a 
multimedia slideshow that leaves nothing to be desired.
An innovative new feature in Ashampoo Presentations 2010 is the huge number of animations and transitions 
based on DirectX technology. Meet state-of-the-art graphics technology that goes beyond anything you ever 
experienced from a presentation graphics program. Animate your slides as puzzle, let them turn over like book pages, 
or let them burst into flames. Of course the program also offers a great variety of unobtrusive effects and classy 
animations to imbue your presentation with a more “serious” touch.
With this powerful presentation graphics program, your creativity knows no limits! Embed graphics in different formats, 
use AutoForms, crop pictures directly in the program, embed movies or audio files and use different 
effects like reflections, shadows, transparency or antialiasing with your objects or text blocks. 
Go ahead and save/export your presentation in a file format of your choice, like for example as 
PowerPoint presentation, HTML website or PDF document. If desired, you can also print handouts for your audience.


install Notes:

Run installer ashampoo_office2010_fm.exe
Insert Register details when asked.

Done

NOTE:
wrong serials added to the archive:-(
here are working serials:

Name:		DarkNight
email:		trt@fakeemail.org
Serial:		2C5CH-ZXSXZ-4Q7S6-DHFFR-WJJJJ


Name:		James Bond
email:		trt@fakeemail.org
Serial:		26JS3-LXHXT-ER2Y4-43FFR-ZJJJJ


name:		Burnout
email:		trt@fakeemail.org
serial:		28MZV-7XHXL-8T4D1-TVFFR-ZJJJJ

or use the serials from "comment"  user " rogamosh "
Thanks rogamosh, for the serials :-)