Despite being no saint herself, Julia Cody has shielded her seventeen year old son, Joshua "J" Cody, from her Melbourne-based criminal relatives who they have not seen in years. After Julia dies in front of J's eyes from a self-inflicted heroin overdose, J, who is slightly detached from life, feels he has no choice but to contact his maternal grandmother, Janine "Smurf" Cody, the family matriarch, for a place to live. Smurf rules the family with a borderline incestuous love over her three sons, the quietly menacing Andrew "Pope" Cody, the hyperactive Craig Cody, and the barely of age Darren Cody. Pope and his best friend, Barry "Baz" Brown, are armed robbers, with Darren their up and coming apprentice, while Craig is a mid level drug dealer. Melbourne's Armed Robbery Squad is after specifically Pope, who is hiding out. But when the standoff between the Codys and the Armed Robbery Squad is brought up a notch, an all out war ensues, with some casualties and J caught in the middle. The only grounding in J's life is his girlfriend, Nicky Henry. With those casualties comes an investigation by Homicide Detective Senior Sergeant Nathan Leckie, who knows the Codys are involved in some of those deaths. As Leckie tries to get J on his side, J has to figure out how best to get himself out from the middle, where he trusts neither side. J also wants to figure out how to exact what he considers justice in an all around bad situation.



Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format profile : Advanced Simple@L5
Format settings, BVOP : Yes
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Custom
Codec ID : XVID
Codec ID/Hint : XviD
Duration : 1h 48mn
Bit rate : 1 174 Kbps
Width : 624 pixels
Height : 354 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Color space : YUV
Chroma subsampling : 4:2:0
Bit depth : 8 bits
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.213
Stream size : 910 MiB (83%)
Writing library : XviD 1.2.0.dev47 (UTC 2006-11-01)

Audio
ID : 1
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Mode extension : CM (complete main)
Codec ID : 2000
Duration : 1h 48mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 224 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : Front: L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Bit depth : 16 bits
Video delay : 10ms
Stream size : 174 MiB (16%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
interleave, preload duration : 500 ms

RELEASE NOTES:: Right...where do i start. At 38:36 there is a clip which is played again

for about half a second and then again 1:20:31 for a split second. This does not

ruin the film at all and i have warned you.

You may also notice that on imdb it says the runtime is 113mins where as this
release is 108mins, i believe this is due to the fact of the fps as i have
watched the whole release and it seems to be all there to me.
Another note, as i had just just finished uploading, the AR seems a little off
maybe, not by much though and still very watchable(I may do a v2).
I recieved this as 3 files(avi split up) and as you can tell it's not great, but
the best i could do with what i was given.
There was a watermark in the top right
hand corner belonging to madman(if anything, it shows its legit and the full
thing), and the top bit of it was cropped with black bars and the rest blurred.
Also as you may know, this has been sent off as an oscar screener already, but my
friend has had this before they were sent off... so this is not an oscar screener
if anyone was doubting the watermark....
I'd surgest playing this in vlc as it seemed a lil laggy on mpc(may just be me
though),

sample included, watch before you comment...

ENJOY this fantastic film