                   PART  276


                  
        THE FLAMINGOS  -  Would I Be Crying (1956)
        THE MOONGLOVES  -  I knew from the start  (1956)
        BROOK BENTON  -  If Only I Had You  (1957)
        CLYDE  McPHATTER  - You'll Be There  (1957)
        FRANKIE LYMON  & THE TEENAGERS  -  Love Put Me Out Of My Head  (1957)



         The Flamingos are a doo wop group from the United States, most popular in the mid to late 1950s. The Flamingos' first single (for Chance Records), "If I Can't Have You", was a moderate local success.In early 1955, the Flamingos signed with Chess Records, to record for their Checker Records subsidiary. At Chess/Checker, the Flamingos achieved their first national chart hit with "I'll Be Home", which went to #5 on Billboard's R&B chart. In 1958, the Flamingos began recording for George Goldner's End Records in New York City, where they had several national hits. Almost immediately, the group had their first pop chart hit with "Lovers Never Say Goodbye".The Flamingos would have their biggest seller with another old standard from their first album "Flamingo Serenade" , on which Nate Nelson handled lead chores. "I Only Have Eyes for You"  became their biggest seller, and has been featured in dozens of movies and TV shows. A long series of hits followed, including the Johnson-penned "Mio Amore", Doc Pomus' composition "Your Other Love", "Nobody Loves Me Like You" (written for the group by Sam Cooke), and "I Was Such a Fool". LP cuts "Love Walked In" and "Time Was" were also issued as singles  
      The Moonglows were an American R&B and doo-wop group based in Cleveland, Ohio. Disc jockey Alan Freed helped to promote the group during their early years. Their first Chess release, 1954's "Sincerely" became a number one R&B hit, and was covered more successfully by The McGuire Sisters. Between 1955 and 1957, the Moonglows reached the R&B chart frequently with hits like "Most of All", "In My Diary", "When I'm With You", "See Saw", "We Go Together", and "Please Send Me Someone to Love. The Moonglows singing style is known as "blow" harmony, based on the technical method used by the backing vocalists. This style can be heard in many other groups of the era and beyond, perhaps most notably the Chi-Lites (particularly on their hit "Oh Girl").  
      Brook Benton was an American singer and songwriter who was popular with rock and roll, rhythm and blues, and pop music audiences during the late 1950s and early 1960s, when he scored hits such as "It's Just A Matter Of Time" and "Endlessly", many of which he co-wrote. He made a comeback in 1970 with the ballad "Rainy Night in Georgia." Benton scored over 50 Billboard chart hits as an artist, and also wrote hits for other performers.
       Clyde McPhatter  was an American R&B singer, perhaps the most widely imitated R&B singer of the 1950s and 1960s, making him a key figure in the shaping of Doo-wop and R&B. McPhatter was lead tenor for a gospel group he formed as a teenager called The Mount Lebanon Singers, for Billy Ward and His Dominoes, and founder of The Drifters before going solo, leaving a legacy of over 22 years of recording history.
          Franklin Joseph "Frankie" Lymon  was an American rock and roll/rhythm and blues singer and songwriter, best known as the boy soprano lead singer of a New York City-based early rock and roll group, The Teenagers. The Teenagers' first single, 1956's "Why Do Fools Fall in Love", was also their biggest hit. After Lymon went solo in mid-1957, both his career and those of the Teenagers fell into decline. By age 25, he was found dead in his grandmother's bathroom from a heroin overdose.
  


From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia              