----------------Diskeeper 2010 Pro Premier v14.0.903 (32-bit) Full-----------------

The Only way to prevent fragmentation before it happens.

Every system, every network, every company suffers from the effects of fragmentation. When fragmentation occurs, the system has already wasted precious I/O resources by writing fragmented files to many spaces on the disk instead of contiguously to one spot. With Diskeeper 2010 performance software, now you can prevent up to 85% of the fragmentation written to disk. Your system runs at maximum performance levels on a clean, fast and efficient disk.

IntelliWrite™ fragmentation prevention technology prevents up to 85% of the fragmentation every system suffers from. It intelligently writes contiguous files to the disk so system resources are not wasted creating fragmentation. The results? A whole new level of system speed and efficiency beyond what can be achieved with defragmentation alone. 

InvisiTasking® technology offers true transparent, background processing technology that allows Diskeeper 2010 to defragment your system in real-time, completely eliminating the need for cumbersome maintenance operations. 

High-power computer systems require high power-defragmentation engines. Only Diskeeper 2010 includes the advanced technology necessary to eliminate large volume fragmentation found on big and busy computers. 

Installation Instructions:

run Diskeeper 2010 Pro Premier v14.0.903 (32-bit).exe and install it

When Finish Installing, Click Finish To Exit The Setup, 

dont run the program after installation,Make Sure That Disk Keeper

Is Not Running Start Task Manager By Using These Windows

Shortcut Key ->[Ctrl+Alt+Delete] And Stop This

Process -> [ DKService.exe ] By Highlighting It And Select

[End Process] Once That Process Is Terminated,

Run Diskeeper 2010 Pro Premier Patch

Now Run DkActivationReminder 

Activate DisKeeper now (recommended) -> OK,

"Activate Diskeeper manually" -> OK,

Extract The Keygen And Run It Select Your Product

[ Pro Premier ] Select [ Generate Key! ], And

Copy The Generated Code

[ Activation Code ] And Paste In The Program

click on "Activate Now" -> OK, application closes. 

enjoy!!!


Hope you guys will like my uploads,so please help me to seed.



