Title: A Boy And His Blob
Genre: Platformer  
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: NTSC
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
The classic platforming adventure of a young boy and his jellybean-eating blob returns to the Wii in a completely new, refreshing gaming experience. Developed by WayForward and based on the beloved 1989 NES original, the rebirth of this classic title expands upon the original platform adventure and features groundbreaking hand-drawn and painted animation technology. In A Boy and His Blob, an evil emperor has seized the throne of Blobolonia, and the fate of its inhabitants lies in the hands of the blob and a young boy he encounters when he crash lands on Earth. Playing the part of the boy, gamers must work together with their new blob friend to solve puzzles, defeat monsters, and escape danger on Earth and Blobolonia. By feeding the blob jelly beans, players can activate his special abilities to transform him into helpful tools -- including a ladder, trampoline, parachute, cannon, shield and many more. Every different blob form aids the boy as he navigates 40 side-scrolling levels filled with hidden treasures and unlockable bonus content on the way to the Emperor's Citadel. Classic beans such as Licorice Ladder, Apple Jack, and Tangerine Trampoline, are joined by all-new jellybeans, including Bubble Gum Bubble and Caramel Cannon to provide a brand new play experience that only Wii can provide!    


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers