VON RYAN'S EXPRESS (1965): Action, War, Thriller, Suspense, Drama, Nazis,
POW Camp, Prison-escape, Railroads, Planes vs. Trains, Frank Sinatra,
Trevor Howard, Alpine & Italian scenery, Jerry Goldsmith score.

-- One of the best of the 60's action-dramas centered on World War II,
"Von Ryan's Express" compares well to similar films such as "Where Eagles
Dare", "The Dirty Dozen" and "The Bridge at Remagen" (among many others).

Video Source ..........: Region 1 widescreen NTSC DVD9 two-disk set
-- While a lot of effort was put into making extras for the DVD release,
the film itself is not restored; it's slightly fuzzy, hasn't been cleaned
of dirt, hairs and scratches, and has English hard-subs for Nazi dialogue.
Video Codec ...........: XviD, CQ 2.75, LEM, Lanczos, Didees SixOfNine-HVS
Frame Size ............: 720x368, 854x368 Anamorphic DAR
FPS ...................: 23.976 original, 2998 Kbps
Original film VOB size : 7.544gb; size of rip: 2.44gb

Audio: English, French, Spanish original theatrical mono, Commentary,
English 2.0 Surround-Sound: unaltered 192Kbps AC3 from NTSC DVD
DVD Extras Audio: 112Kbps ABR lame mp3 except unaltered for Music Of.

Subtitles: Croat Czech Danish Dutch English+CC Finnish French+CC Hebrew
Icelandic Norwegian Polish Portuguese Rumanian Serbian Spanish+CC Swedish
Turkish. ...unfortunately I could NOT find Italian subtitles (wtf???)

Extras:

* Bringing Movies to Life - The Legacy of Jerry Goldsmith
* Hollywood and its War Films
* Reliving the Adventure (making of Von Ryan's Express)
* The Music of (Jerry Goldsmith, Von Ryan's Express)
* Trailers (three, including English + Italian audio for color WS)

***** Reviews:

-- Forget Indiana Jones. This 1965 high adventure stars Frank Sinatra as
the leader of a mass escape from a World War II POW camp in Italy. That
mission accomplished, Old Blue Eyes has sundry adventures camouflaging the
freed men as German soldiers, trying to fool the Gestapo, and finally doing
battle with enemy planes and ground troops while trying to get a hijacked
train through a blocked tunnel. Sinatra is in great form and director Mark
Robson handles the endless chain of action set-pieces with panache. A great
pulse-quickener. --Tom Keogh

-- "Von Ryan's express" stands out among the most exciting, explosive and
moving of epic war films, not only because its vibrant finale in the middle
of those arresting Swiss landscapes, it also explores, step by step, the
hard lessons in leadership Sinatra's Colonel Ryan must learn in leading
a group of escaped prisoners across enemy-held territory.
...One of the most relevant war films ever made.