BibleWorks 8 is the premier original languages Bible software program for Biblical exegesis and research. It comes with Greek, Hebrew, and Septuagint Bibles for your computer, as well as translations in English, German, Spanish, Chinese, Korean, and more! For over sixteen years, BibleWorks has satisfied Bible software users around the world.

Why use it?
Let your computer help your exegesis and exposition! BibleWorks is a tightly integrated collection of Bible software tools designed specifically for scholarly analysis of the Bible text. More than a mere Bible search engine, BibleWorks comes with a variety of Bible search tools, lexicons, dictionaries, and morphology analysis. For all levels of users, it is suitable for Bible study, sermon preparation, and detailed Bible research.

Whether you’re preparing a sermon, doing complex morphological analysis, or writing a seminary paper, scholars agree that BibleWorks is the best tool available. For close exegesis of the original text, BibleWorks is indispensable.
You’ll find everything you need in its 190+ Bible translations in nearly 40 languages, 35 original language texts and morphology databases, 29 lexical-grammatical references, plus a wealth of practical reference works! Instead of providing a loose collection of books, BibleWorks tightly integrates its databases with the most powerful morphology and analysis tools.
As you consider buying a high-end Bible research package, you’ll have to weigh cost, database quality, program features, searching capabilities, and customer support. In every one of these areas, we believe BibleWorks is the best. Buy the program, and you can decide for yourself.

What's new in BibleWorks 8?

New Analysis Tabs
Expanded information about the current verse and search
We’ve made significant additions to the Analysis Window. Now when you do a search, the Context Tab shows the most common words in the current pericope, the most common words in the current chapter, and the most common words in the current book. With a click, the Browse Tab shows the full context for the active verse. A plot of the current search results is shown in the Stats Tab. All of this is right at your fingertips!

Phrase Matching Tool/Related Verses Tool
Find verses with similar words or similar phrases
Over lunch in mid-2007, we asked ourselves, “How could we find all verses which are similar to each other?” Out of this discussion came the Phrase Matching Tool and Related Verses Tool. The new Phrase Matching Tool takes your current verse and finds all verses containing similar phrases. The new Related Verses Tool finds all verses using some of the same words from the current verse.

New formatting for text export
More control over copied text
We’ve enhanced and refined the formatting of exported text. Now when you copy and paste Bible text, it’s simple to format the text and reference using custom or preset output formats. This seemingly small feature will greatly improve your daily use of the program.

Cross-Reference Window
Instantly view related verses
When you pass the mouse over the text, the new Cross-Reference Window instantly shows cross-references for the verse under the mouse. You can draw from the Treasury of Scripture Knowledge, New Chain Reference Bible (Thompson, 1934), Nave’s, Torrey’s Topical Text Book, Stephan’s Biographical Bible (distinguishes Bible people with the same names), and cross-references from the ESV, NAS, and NIV/TNIV. This feature works for any of the Bible versions in the program! In addition, you can build your own cross-reference files and swap them with other users.

New Greek, Hebrew, and Aramaic grammars and references
BibleWorks now comes with Wallace, Waltke & O'Connor, and Joüon & Muraoka!
The main BibleWorks package now includes three standard original language grammars: Exegetical Syntax of the New Testament (Wallace), Introduction to Biblical Hebrew Syntax (Waltke & O’Connor), and A Grammar of Biblical Hebrew (Joüon & Muraoka). These electronic texts include the full text and graphics of the print editions and are closely linked to the Biblical texts in the program. Previously available only separately, these texts now come at no extra cost in BibleWorks 8!

Also added after the initial release of BibleWorks 8: The Vocabulary of the Greek New Testament Module (J.H. Moulton and G. Milligan). Now there is no extra charge to add this module to your BibleWorks installation!

Also added after the initial release of BibleWorks 8: Introductory Lessons in Aramaic (Eric D. Reymond). This introductory Aramaic grammar includes exercises, answers to the exercises, and a glossary. Also included: a set of Aramaic Verbs Paradigms with sound files, produced by Jan Verbruggen.

Syntactic and Thematic Greek Transcription of the NT
Another full Greek NT diagram set
We’re pleased to add an alternate set of Greek NT sentence diagrams. In addition to the Leedy Greek NT sentence diagrams, William MacDonald’s “Textual Transcriptions” provide another helpful and insightful arrangement of the text.

Early Church Fathers
This mammoth popular work includes the complete series of the Schaff Ante-Nicene, Nicene, and Post-Nicene Fathers.

ERMIE: External Resources Manager
One-stop location for resources on your computer and resources on the Internet

Over time, you’ve probably collected a number of useful books, references, and documents in various formats (PDF, HTML, word processing formats, etc.). Add to that the myriad websites with all sorts of materials and courses you find useful in your studies. With ERMIE, you can collect and organize these local and online resources into an easy to browse catalog. ERMIE catalog files can be edited and shared with other users.

Daily Light devotional displayed in English, Greek, Hebrew, or any other Bible version
Maintain your Greek and Hebrew skills with a daily AM/PM reading

We took Samuel Bagster's well-loved daily Scripture readings and enhanced it for Greek/Hebrew review. View the readings in your favorite Bible translations, or use the Greek/Hebrew mode to display the Old Testament passages in Hebrew and the New Testament passages in Greek. A great way to start and end the day!

English Bible Text-to-Speech
If you’re running BibleWorks on Vista (requires supplemental voice packs in XP), you can hear English Bible text read aloud!

Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Thai, and Arabic Bibles
We are pleased finally to include Bibles in Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Thai, and Arabic!

Old Testament (Greek)
We now include the Greek text and modern English translation of the Greek OT . The Greek text is morphologically tagged and fully searchable.