Sexual Abuse in Christian Homes and Churches - Collection 5:


The scandals related to sexual abuse of females and children by the clergy of the Christian Church refuse to die and indicate that what has been revealed so far is just the tip an iceberg. The last two decades were dominated by revelations of wide-spread abuses committed by the clergy in USA, Africa, Ireland, India and Australia. Now the news are dominated by similar abuses committed in Brazil, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Spain, the Netherland and other European countries.

Germany's sex abuse scandal has now reached Pope Benedict XVI: His former archdiocese disclosed that while he was archbishop a suspected pedophile priest was transferred to a job where he later abused children. The pontiff is also under increasing fire for a 2001 Vatican document he later penned instructing bishops to keep such cases secret. The revelations may lead to further questions about what the pontiff knew about the scope of abuse in his native Germany, when he knew it and what he did about it during his archbishop tenure in Munich.

Also, the news this week is dominated by the letter of the Pope to the people of Ireland apologizing for the sex abuses against them. He expressed his "shame and remorse" for the "sinful and criminal acts" suffered by the Irish victims. The letter, however, lacked any accountability and what actions are to be taken against the complicit bishops. The Pope's letter is included in this UL.  Included also in separate subdirectories are the official reports about the sexual child abuse in Ireland.


This upload contains 10 titles in the main directory:

1- Galasso – Crosses: Portraits of Clergy Abuse (2007). This book contains accounts of unimaginable horrors suffered by children and young adults at the hands of abusive Catholic priests and nuns, and how these abuses were covered-up by Church hierarchy.

2- Missionary's Dark Legacy (2005)

3- Papenfuss - Devout and Defiled (2003)

4- Rom - Devotion and Deceit (2002)

5- Hagerty - Sex Abuse Scandal Catches Up with Religious Orders (2007)

6- Bunting - Cloak of Silence Covered Abuse at Jesuit Retreat (2002)

7- Bohmer - The Wages of Seeking Help (2000)

8- Whittier - The Politics of Child Sexual Abuse (2009)

9- Bagley & King - Child Sexual Abuse (1990)

10- Pastoral Letter of Pope Benedict XVI to the Catholics of Ireland (2010)


There are 2 subdirectories that contain detailed official reports about child abuse in Ireland.

1- Report into the Catholic Archdiocese of Dublin, Ireland, July 2009. It is commonly known as (The Murphy Report). The Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation was established to report on the handling by Church and State authorities of child sexual abuse against clerics operating under the aegis of the Archdiocese of Dublin over the period 1975 to 2004. The report is divided into 2 parts.

2- Report of Commission to Inquiry of Child Abuse (CICA), Ireland, May 2009. It is commonly known as (The Ryan Report). CICA was established in 2000 with functions including the investigation of abuse of children in institutions in Ireland. The period covered by the Investigation Committee Inquiry is from 1936 to the date of the report. The Commission Report consists of 5 Volumes; only the first 3 volumes are included here.  

