SeanCody - Vol3 - Jamie - Fuckfest - DVD - Widescreen

The total length of this DVD is 3hrs. 

Videos included on DVD:

01 - SeanCody - Jamie & Yuri
02 - SeanCody - Jamie & Kurt
03 - SeanCody - Jamie & Jonah
04 - SeanCody - Jamie & Dennis
05 - SeanCody - Jamie & Ben
06 - SeanCody - Jamie & Alan

DVD Specifications:

NTSC 720x480, 16:9, 480p, full menus, music, 
animated video thumbnails, menu transitions, and the 
DVD remote control Skip Forward and Skip Backward buttons 
are supported - a feature lacking in most commercial
porn DVDs, etc. Use them to jump straight to the section 
of the video you enjoy, releasing your gigantuan 
shooting star. Holla.

Methods For Viewing:

After downloading, burn directly to DVD-R/+R.  

Can play on your computer as an ISO file stored on your hard drive
using "VLC Media Player v0.9.9". Many commerical video players (Nero, WMP, etc.
have problems playing ISO files correctly, and must burn to DVD first if
using these players.)

Enjoy


Also View The Following Torrents, use search:

Alexander Pict - Jefferson Garcia & Alvaro Mendez - Brazil - DVD
Corbin Fisher - Volume 11 - Josh - Fuckfest - DVD - (WS)
Corbin Fisher - Volume 9 - Fuckfest - DVD - Widescreen - Mansex
Corbin Fisher - Volume 8 - Fuckfest - DVD - Widescreen - Mansex
Corbin Fisher - Volume 7 - Fuckfest - DVD - Widescreen - Mansex
Corbin Fisher - Volume 6 - Dante - DVD - Widescreen - Mansex Gay
Spotlight - Male Erotica - Vol.6 - DVD - Japanese Guys, Bareback
Spotlight - Male Erotica - Vol.1 - DVD - (Mansex, Gangbang, Gay)
Spotlight - Male Erotica - Volume3 - DVD - (Mansex, HOT, Gay)
Spotlight - Male Erotica - Volume4 - DVD - (Japanese Guys)
Spotlight - Male Erotica - Volume5 - DVD - (Japanese Guys)
Active Duty - Damien Rear Edition - Volume2 - DVD 
Kurt Wild - Country Boy Grows Up - Volume1 - DVD


NOTE:
By viewing this torrent page I agree that I am of legal age and not with any local, state, or federal law enforcement agencies whatsoever and that I am not a reporter, writer, or agent for any news or media organization. I am viewing this material at my sole discretion on my own behalf and will not report/disclose my findings and/or comments regarding this material. I subscribe to the principles of the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America which holds that free adult Americans have the right to decide for themselves what they will read and view without governmental interference. ADULT XXX CONTENT FOR ADULT VIEWING ONLY.		