Ace Pro Screensaver Creator v3.90 + Nature Illusion Studio

[IMG]http://i71.photobucket.com/albums/i122/Slickinator2006/AceProScreensaverCreator.jpg[/IMG]

Feature tour
Powerful screensaver creator yet very easy and simple to use

Create either slide-show or advanced living screensaver easily with Ace Pro Screensaver Creator in just a few simple steps.

Unlike ordinary screensaver creator, Ace Pro Screensaver Creator offer realistic living scenes which will transform your computer to life, with added flexibility to edit and create the screensaver that suits you needs, either for personal enjoyment or commercial purpose.

 
Support living scenes and most popular image formats

Add living scenes that you have created using Nature Illusion Studio or any photos into Ace Pro Screensaver Creator. Ace Pro Screensaver Creator also supports jpeg, png, gif, and most popular image formats.

Furthermore you can apply more than 100 transition effects into your screensavers to make the transition between images look smooth and beautiful.
Create shareware ready screensaver

Ace Pro Screensaver Creator provides a complete set of shareware features so you can start selling your screensaver in no time.

Build trial screensavers for your prospect customers, set how many days your screensaver will run or limit the number of pictures. When they buy it, you just need to send an unlock key to remove the trial limitations and convert it into full version.

 
Built-in setup builder

You don't need to buy another software just to make a setup package of your screensavers. Ace Pro Screensaver Creator comes with built-in setup builder, it means your screensaver will be ready for mass distribution with just a single click.

 
Customizable user interface

Customize the user interface of your screensaver setting by changing its skin, or you can also totally create a new skin with built-in Skin Editor.

Show a customized window/screen when screensaver is running in trial mode or when expired, you can use it to show any informations that you want, like assisting on how to purchase your screensaver, etc.
 
Http://www.nufsoft.com


Installation:

1)click the serials buttons on the installer loader
for each set of username and serial numbers for each product

2)click on help and about and register and put in serial and user and your done enjoy from Slickinator.
