* Hello PC games fans ...


* Play the new Pro Evolution Soccer game of this year ...


* FILE INFO : 

- MULTI-9 INSTALL (English , Dutch , Swedish , Russian , Turkish , Portuguese , Spanish , Italian and Greek) 

- COMPLETE GAME WITH ABSOLUTE NORMALITY , JUST THE AVAILABLE COMMENTARYS NEED TO BE DOWNLOADED IN NICE LINKS 


New features : 

Total Control: PES Productions has enhanced the 360-degree passing ratio, offering unprecedented levels of control over every pass, shot, throw-in, through ball and lofted through balls. This allows users to pass the ball into space, and move their play with total freedom. Players must precisely weight their passes and second-guess the runs of their team-mates and exploit their movement. Players even can apply pressure on opponents to force them off the ball.
 Shot & Stamina Gauge: In addition to the generic power gauge, the Shot & Stamina meter details the player’s exact level of fitness. Constantly sprinting will affect the player’s movements and will have an adverse affect on his stats, with passes going awry and a loss of pace.
 New Defender AI: Defenders now hold their positions naturally, no longer chasing any ball that enters their area; preferring to close down the attacker and force them into a mistake.
 Improved Goalkeepers: In keeping with the basis of total freedom of movement, players now have more control over their keeper. This greater control allows for quick roll-outs, instinctive saves, pinpoint accuracy with goal kicks, and precision ball distribution to make quicker breaks or playing down the clock easier.
 Animation and Player Physics: PES Productions has totally reworked every element of in-game animation. These additions will become clear before even kick-off, with the players enjoying fluid, natural movements, with more realistic acceleration and inertia than ever before. The physicality between players is also improved, which was a priority requested in PES forums. Jostling and blocking now looks stunning, while there is a larger variety of convincing tackling styles. Ambient animation also adds immensely to the in-game atmosphere, as players behave realistically when off the ball, and walk and run with a variety of individual styles.
 Stadium Editor: The stadium editor will allow you to create your own stadiums. You will be able to choose capacity (between 1,000-100,000), seat colours, edit the adboards and hoardings, edit the turf style (similar to PES 2008), edit the nets (loose or tight, shape and colour), edit the architecture and roofing to a certain extent including tunnel placement and choose whether there is a running track, plain ground, or grass around the pitch. You can also choose to bring the stands closer to the pitch and choose to have a cage similar to certain stadia present in Germany and other parts of the world. Once all that has been put together - you can now choose the setting for your stadium. You are given the option to specify a background layout, with a variety of both urban and rural backdrops. After that, you can also add a background image, with stock items including city scenes - and a mountain range that looks similar to the one seen in the background on the PES 3 intro.[7] With this tool it should be possible to recreate many different stadiums from all over the world with lots of variation in style. There are currently around 25 stadiums in PES 2011 (not all licensed ones). This is 3 more than PES 2010 which had 22. There will be a total of 25 slots to create stadiums giving you a grand total of around 50 possible stadiums.
 Speed of Play: The new level of control means that PES 2011 enjoys a more considered pace of play, which varies dependent on situations. The game will burst into life as counter-attacks come into play, but players can dictate the pace via slow build up or exploiting available space to surge forward. It is harder to make long runs from midfield, and successful play will depend on making quick passes to make room.
 Aesthetics: PES 2010 showcased the best likenesses in a football game, and PES 2011 ups the ante further. Facial animation has been enhanced, but the key advances are over 1000 all-new animations which have been recreated from the ground up using over 100 hours of motion captured footage. Every aspect of player movement has been reworked, with more organic runs, turns, throw-ins, tackles, and interaction. The way players speed up and slow down is also more natural, while replays display elements of motion blur that bring your saved goals to vivid life.
 Tactical and Strategy: The sheer number of options available in the PES series has established it as a remarkably flexible simulation, allowing players to stamp their playing style on each match. The PES Productions team has implemented an all new ‘Drag and Drop’ mechanism that can be used in every aspect of team management, not just substitutions or formation changes. These settings are also animated to promote better
understanding of the plays that have been altered.
 Feint settings: PES has always offered a wide range of subtle skills, feints and turns, but PES 2011 allows users to map their favourite move sequences to the right stick, making them more accessible than ever before.
 Master League Online: Master League will offer an all-new challenge, as users are invited to try their hand against other managers online. PES 2011 will mark the online debut for its much-loved Master League element, with players bidding against each other for the world’s best players, and attempting to build a squad that can compete with the best against online peers all over the globe.
 Other Edit Features: PES 2011 does not feature a boot editor. Boots and balls will be added by Konami through updates like PES 2010 but in a more consistent manner. You will be able to create teams, stadiums and even full leagues (for use with offline game modes such as Become A Legend, League/Cup and Master League) with qualification structures. In addition you will be able to edit the league emblems too. This is all on top of the current edit mode system thats present in PES 2010.


MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:
 
Windows XP SP3, Vista SP2, 7 Intel Pentium IV 2.4GHz or equivalent processor 1GB RAM 8GB free hard disk space 4x DVD-ROM Drive DirectX 9.0c compatible video card. 128MB Pixel Shader 3.0 (NVIDIA GeForce 6600 or AMD/ATI Radeon x1300 video card) DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card DirectX 9.0c or higher (included on Disc) Multiplayer: TCP/IP 192 kbps or higher Windows compatible keyboard 800 x 600 monitor resolution



* enjoy ... *
 

