Personnel:
~~~~~~~
* David Murray: tenor saxophone, bass clarinet
* Lafayette Gilchrist: piano
* Ray Drummond: bass
* Andrew Cyrille: drums
* Cassandra Wilson: vocal (1, 7)

Justin Time Records 
http://www.justin-time.com/albums.php?lang=en&pid=5326&aid=164&anid=204

Troy Collins

With three decades of recording to his credit, multi-reedist and composer David
Murray's oeuvre is a varied one; his dabbling in pan-global multi-ethnic fusions
and ensembles has ranged from solo recitals to big bands.

Murray's tenth album for Justin Time Records, Sacred Ground is inspired by his
recent film soundtrack for Marco Williams' Banished, which documents the rarely
discussed expulsion of thousands of African-American families from their homes
at the close of the Civil War through to The Great Depression.

Sacred Ground is the first official recording of Murray's quartet without his
long-standing pianist John Hicks, who passed away last year. Lafayette
Gilchrist, a former student of Hicks, assumes his role with intensity and
flair. Bassist Ray Drummond and drummer Andrew Cyrille have been two of Murray's
main collaborators for years, bringing fresh perspectives to traditional
concepts.

Vocalist Cassandra Wilson joins Murray's stellar line-up on the dramatic ballads
that open and close the album, with intrepid lyrics written by poet Ishmael
Reed.

An indictment against the oppression of former slaves after the Civil War, the
titular opener features Wilson's soulful croon animating Reed's texts with
simmering intensity. Rending at the supple fabric of the ballad structure, the
quartet brings the piece to a simmering boil, climaxing with Murray's brawny
tenor erupting in blistering, altissimo catharsis.

Not all mordant introspection, the carefree West Indian lilt of "Transitions"
provides respite, with Murray, Gilchrist and Cyrille delivering vibrant,
pneumatic statements.

The mournful "Pierce City" and "Banished" redirect the album through anguished
lamentation. Filled with raw emotion, "Banished" unveils Murray's caterwauling
bass clarinet over a roiling dirge, anchored by Drummond's sinewy arco
bowing. "Believe In Love" and "Family Reunion" re-emerge from the depths with
optimistic verve, the former a sultry tango work-out, the latter a riveting hard
bop excursion.

Bringing the album full-circle, Cassandra Wilson rejoins the quartet on "The
Prophet of Doom," a slinky blues work-out that draws socio-political parallels
to the exploited Cassandra of Greek mythology with wry attitude and erudite
refrains, mirrored by Murray's effusive tenor.

A focused and powerful statement from a multi-faceted artist, Sacred Ground is a
perfect introduction for novices to Murray's voluminous discography.