The Charlatans (known in the United States as The Charlatans UK) are a British alternative rock band. The band's line-up is comprised by Tim Burgess (vocals), Mark Collins(guitar),Martin Blunt (bass),Tony Rogers(keyboards)and Jon Brookes (drums and percussion).                                                                               It's easy to forget that The Charlatans command a special place in music history, especially since recent albums have failed to perform as impressively as they might in commercial terms.
But Tim Burgess and co were at the forefront of the indie scene in the 90s and have consistently contributed some terrific music to the genre, whether it has been embraced by the masses or not.
Featuring 18 tracks, the album chronicles some of the band’s greatest moments, from their breakthrough hit Indian Rope in 1990 (which now appears on an album for the first time) through hits such as North Country Boy, The Only One I Know, Impossible and, most recently, Blackened Blue Eyes.
The ensuing collection provides a wonderful nostalgia trip that is certain to evoke some terrific memories (it certainly did for me!).
Who can forget the early, organ-driven hit The Only One I Know (a regular feature of any indie club night), which borrowed its distinct hook from Deep Purple’s Hush, or the adrenaline rush of How High, with its screaming organs and chant-along chorus.

watch the video for "the only one i know" 
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x1szt3_the-charlatans-uk-the-only-one-i-kn_blog 



1. Indian Rope  
2. The Only One I Know  
3. Weirdo  
4. Can't Get Out Of Bed  
5. Just When You're Thinkin' Things Over  
6. One To Another  
7. North Country Boy  
8. How High  
9. Tellin' Stories  
10. Forever Full Length Version  
11. My Beautiful Friend  
12. Impossible  
13. Love Is The Key  
14. A Man Needs To Be Told  
15. Up At The Lake Original Version  
16. Try Again Today  
17. Blackened Blue Eyes  
18. You're So Pretty, We're So Pretty (Version '06)

320kbs   77mins 44secs 

                        Thank you for seeding :o)

more great music in this link  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/only1joe/ 
