File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd recorder: Plextor PX-716SA (for my rips)
Cd Ripper: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 4 (for my rips)
EAC Log: No
EAC Cue Sheet: No
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 66C4F4551972DA6DFB44AC00E62720B400228372
File Size: 1.29 GB
Label: many


This is a new personal folder of mine for my iRiver iHP-120. Audiochecker log included.






Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:



Americana is an amalgam of roots music formed by the confluence of the shared and varied traditions that make up the American musical ethos; specifically those sounds that are merged from folk, country, rhythm & blues, rock & roll and other external influential styles.[1] Americana is popularly referred to, especially in print, as alternative country, alt-country or sometimes alt.country.


Americana, as defined by the Americana Music Association (AMA), is "American roots music based on the traditions of country. While the musical model can be traced back to the Elvis Presley marriage of 'hillbilly music' and R&B that birthed rock 'n roll, Americana as a radio format developed during the 1990s as a reaction to the highly polished sound that defined the mainstream music of that decade."[1] Because of listener interest in the artists who do not fit as comfortably in the country or rock genres, a radio format called "Americana" was developed by the AMA and reported by R&R (Radio & Records, a radio trade publication). Born out of the Triple A, non-commercial, country and other formats, the Americana format is the sum of the parts that have showcased Americana music since its inception.

The AMA grew out of the format as an effort to bring all Americana music supporters, performers, and professionals together to expand the visibility and viability of the music. The radio format, including the term "Americana," began in early 1995 thru efforts of Rob Bleetstein of San Francisco, and Jon Grimson of Nashville. Bleetstein became the first Americana chart editor as Gavin (a former radio trade publication) magazine created the first Americana radio chart which was published on January 20, 1995. This came about when KFAT radio in Gilroy, California went off the air, and Bleetstein went to the Gavin Report, asserting that they were missing a category of music. He described the KFAT format, which had the widest playlist of any station in the country, and most of whose artists whose music would come to be known as Americana. Bleetstein worked closely with KFAN "Texas Rebel Radio" in Texas and KPIG in California in developing the Americana format. Both stations had been on the air with their own versions of an independent format for several years and had been instrumental in the development of the the AAA format as well. The publisher agreed and gave Bleetstein the job of creating and running the chart. Grimson coined the term Americana and became the first Americana radio promoter after having promoted the music previously at Warner Brothers Records Nashville, and promoting those releases that WB worked to radio formats outside the mainstream country stations. The AMA was later established to expand the musical format outside of strictly radio, but still including the radio aspect as well. The non-profit AMA now runs the Americana radio chart published in R&R.








Tracks:


BR5-49 - Cherokee Boogie.flac
BR5-49 - Crazy Arms.flac
BR5-49 - Lifetime to Prove.flac
Buddy & Julie Miller - Ellis County.flac
Buddy & Julie Miller - One Part, Two Part  (with Regina & Ann McCrary).flac
Buddy And Julie Miller - Buddy And Julie Miller - Holding Up The Sky.flac
Buddy And Julie Miller - The River's Gonna Run.flac
Clem Snide - Fill Me with Your Light.flac
Cowboy Junkies - Miles from Our Home.flac
Cracker - Another Song About The Rain.flac
Cross Canadian Ragweed - Brooklyn Kid.flac
Cross Canadian Ragweed - Cry Lonely.flac
Cross Canadian Ragweed - Dimebag -.flac
Cross Canadian Ragweed - Happiness And All The Other Things - 06 - Kick In The Head.flac
Cross Canadian Ragweed - Hey Hey.flac
Dan Bern - One Dance.flac
Dan Bern - Tiger Woods.flac
Drive By Truckers - Women WIthout Whiskey.flac
Drive-By Truckers - Lookout Mountain.flac
Drive-By Truckers - My Sweet Annette.flac
Drive-By Truckers - Two Daughters And A Beautiful Wife.flac
Steve Earle - Guitar Town.flac
Hookahman - Beauty.flac
Julie Miller -  All My Tears.flac
Julie Miller -  Forever My Beloved.flac
Julie Miller -  Out in the Rain.flac
Julie Miller -  Ride the Wind to Me.flac
Julie Miller - A Kiss On The Lips.flac
Kid Rock - Amen.flac
Mike Plume Band - Oblivion.flac
Mike Plume Band - Rattle The Cage.flac
Mike Plume Band - Silver Lining.flac
Mike Plume Band - Something To Say.flac
Mudcrutch - Scare Easy.flac
Mudcrutch - Shady Grove.flac
Nickel Creek - Anthony.flac
Nickel Creek - Helena.flac
Nickel Creek - Scotch & Chocolate.flac
Nickel Creek - When in Rome.flac
Rodney Crowell - Ain't No Money.flac
Rodney Crowell - Elvira.flac
Rodney Crowell - Leaving Louisiana In The Broad Daylight.flac
Rodney Crowell - Oh, What A Feeling.flac
She Stole My Beer - Ragged & Rough.flac
She Stole My Beer - Smack Baby.flac
Steve Earle - Comin' Around.flac
Steve Earle - Down Here Below.flac



Enjoy :)
