Frank Sinatra
Sinatra: Vegas (Box Set, 4 CD/1 DVD) [Box set][Live]
4 CDs - Audio Only [The DVD is not part of this torrent.]
2006
FLAC


Spanning a quarter century, this four-CD-plus-bonus-DVD collection of 

previously unreleased recordings captures spirited Sinatra shows at the 

Sands, Caesar's, and Golden Nugget--performances that initially 

underscore the salutary effect the desert playground had on the singer's 

muse, then warmly chronicle the autumn years of a triumphant career. A 

pair of '60s gigs at the Sands (of which Sinatra was part owner) capture 

an artist still building on his musical legacy in the midst of rock's 

rising fortunes. The 1961 show turns on the riches of his Capitol years, 

a musically straightforward set that balances the singer's 

interpretations of reflective material like "Moonlight in Vermont" and 

"In the Still of the Night" with upbeat, typically playful renditions of 

such Sinatra signatures as "Young at Heart," "The Lady Is a Tramp," and 

"Witchcraft."


But it's the '66 performance that may be the most intriguing for 

Sinatraphiles: A live workout with Count Basie and his orchestra that 

eschews the singer's mid-decade comeback hits--and even material from the 

recent Sinatra-Basie collaboration--in favor of a sassy set that's less 

summit meeting than swinging soirée, a freewheeling highlight reel from 

his back catalog that finds singer and band engaging each other with 

playful, often dizzy abandon. The anthology's '82 and '87 sets from 

Caesar's and the Golden Nugget, respectively, aren't nearly as musically 

challenging, showcasing a vocalist and still-boisterous crowd-pleaser who 

might have stopped breaking musical ground, yet never ceased reveling in 

the glories--and laughs--he could still bring to the moment. Rat Pack 

partner in crime Dean Martin stops by Caesar's for some good-natured 

razzing, while daughter Nancy guests on the set's lovably ditzy take on 

"Somethin' Stupid." --Jerry McCulley


--
Disc 1 - Recorded at the Sands, Las Vegas, NV November 1961

1. Introduction/Announcement - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
2. One I Love Belongs to Somebody Else - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
3. Don't Cry Joe - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
4. Imagination - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
5. Moonlight in Vermont - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
6. Without a Song - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
7. In the Still of the Night - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
8. Here's That Rainy Day - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
9. Moon Was Yellow (And the Night Was Young) - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
10. Monologue [DVD] - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
11. You Make Me Feel So Young - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
12. Second Time Around - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
13. River, Stay 'Way from My Door (Parody) - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
14. Lady Is a Tramp [DVD] - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
15. Just One of Those Things - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
16. You're Nobody 'Til Somebody Loves You - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
17. Bows - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
18. Young at Heart - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
19. Witchcraft - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
20. On the Road to Mandalay - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
21. Bows - Antonio Morelli & His Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
22. Sinatra Speaks on Segregation in Nevada [*]


Disc 2 - Recorded at the Sands, Las Vegas, NV January-February 1966

1. Introductions [DVD] - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
2. Come Fly with Me - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
3. I've Got a Crush on You - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
4. I've Got You Under My Skin - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
5. September of My Years - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
6. Street of Dreams - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
7. Fly Me to the Moon (In Other Words) - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
8. Monologue - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
9. You Make Me Feel So Young - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
10. Shadow of Your Smile - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
11. Get Me to the Church on Time - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
12. Luck Be a Lady - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
13. It Was a Very Good Year - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
14. Don't Worry 'Bout Me [DVD] - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
15. My Kind of Town [DVD] - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
16. Introductions - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
17. My Kind of Town (Reprise) - Count Basie Orchestra, Frank Sinatra
18. Sinatra Speaks on Working with Count Basie [*]


Disc 3 - Recorded at Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, NV March 1982

1. Get Me to the Church on Time
2. I Get a Kick out of You
3. I Can't Get Started
4. Without a Song
5. Hey Look, No Crying
6. Lady Is a Tramp
7. Monologue
8. Night and Day
9. All or Nothing at All
10. One I Love Belongs to Somebody Else
11. These Foolish Things (Remind Me of You)
12. Somethin' Stupid - Frank Sinatra, Nancy Sinatra
13. Theme from New York, New York
14. Bows


Disc 4 - Recorded at the Golden Nugget, Las Vegas, NV April 1987

1. I've Got the World on a String
2. At Long Last Love
3. Witchcraft
4. Medley: The Gal That Got Away/It Never Entered My Mind
5. For Once in My Life
6. My Heart Stood Still
7. You Are the Sunshine of My Life
8. Monologue
9. Spring Is Here
10. What Now My Love?
11. I Get Along Without You Very Well
12. Pennies from Heaven
13. Angel Eyes
14. Mack the Knife
15. Bows

Thank you.  Enjoy!  Seed!  Share!

Comments:  weeweehours@gmail.com
