Another day, another album eh? The first volume seemed to be pretty popular, so here's the second up a little ahead of schedule. Look out for some Gillian Welch FLAC albums coming soon...

Remember to leave some comments and mark the quality factor up...take care all! 



Review [by Johnny Loftus of Allmusic.com]

Agenda delves deeper into lonely-road melancholia and the alt.country bramble thicket on this, the second volume of its Another Country series. The English release only includes artists from North America. But the title is also a reference to the music's very nature. From the plaintive mandolin and bruised heart vocals of Okkervil River's "Westfall," to the tense stillness that defines contributions from Damien Jurado ("Abilene") and Songs: Ohia ("Steve Albini's Blues"), this set is more about the imagery, shadows, and moods of the country that is America. (Its stark duo-tone photography illustrates this.) The incredible "Rooster Moans" is here, taken from Iron & Wine's The Creek Drank the Cradle. It's joined by the more conventional alt.country ramble of Richard Buckner, Giant Sand, and -- of course -- Ryan Adams. Azure Ray ("November"), Hope Sandoval ("Clear Day"), and Black Heart Procession (the Camper Van Beethoven-ish "Sign in the Road") don't rely as much on the Americana backdrop, but they're still living with an eye toward that darkness in the pines. Another Country, Vol. 2 is a solid pickup for any explorers of the varying tributaries and two-tracks of 21st century country insurgency. 

Track Listings

1. Your Old Street - Cub Country
2. Wheels Going By - Eileen Rose
3. Abilene - Damien Jurado
4. Lullaby - Chris Mills
5. Rooster Moans - Iron & Wine
6. Ella Mae - Pieta, Zoe, Constie Brown
7. Sign on the Road - The Black Heart Procession
8. My Winding Wheel - Ryan Adams
9. Westfall - Okkervil River
10. November - Azura
11. Steve Albini's Blues - Songs: Ohia
12. Shiver - Giant Sand
13. How Long? - The Boggs
14. Goodbye Rye - Richard Buckner
15. What's Next to the Moon - Mark Kozelek
16. Clear Day - Hope Sandoval and The Warm Intentions