AVATAR takes us to a spectacular world beyond imagination, where a reluctant hero embarks on an epic adventure, ultimately fighting to save the alien world he has learned to call home. 

We enter the alien world through the eyes of Jake Sully, a former Marine confined to a wheelchair. But despite his broken body, Jake is still a warrior at heart. He is recruited to travel light years to the human outpost on Pandora, where corporations are mining a rare mineral that is the key to solving Earth's energy crisis. Because the atmosphere of Pandora is toxic, they have created the Avatar Program, in which human "drivers" have their consciousness linked to an avatar, a remotely-controlled biological body that can survive in the lethal air. These avatars are genetically engineered hybrids of human DNA mixed with DNA from the natives of Pandora... the Na'vi. 

Reborn in his avatar form, Jake can walk again. He is given a mission to infiltrate the Na'vi, who have become a major obstacle to mining the precious ore. But a beautiful Na'vi female, Neytiri, saves Jake's life, and this changes everything. Jake is taken in by her clan, and learns to become one of them, which involves many tests and adventures. As Jake's relationship with his reluctant teacher Neytiri deepens, he learns to respect the Na'vi way and finally takes his place among them. Soon he will face the ultimate test as he leads them in an epic battle that will decide nothing less than the fate of an entire world. 
Production Status:	Released
Logline:	



AVATAR takes us to a spectacular world beyond imagination, where a reluctant hero embarks on an epic adventure, ultimately fighting to save the alien world he has learned to call home.
Genres:	Action/Adventure and Science Fiction/Fantasy

Running Time:	160 min.
Release Date:	December 18th, 2009 (wide)
MPAA Rating:	PG-13 for intense epic battle sequences and warfare, sensuality, language and some smoking.


 	
 
Actors:
Sam Worthington	Jake Sully
Zoe Saldana	Neytiri
Sigourney Weaver	Grace
Stephen Lang	Colonel Miles Quaritch
Michelle Rodriguez	Trudy Chacon
Giovanni Ribisi	Parker Selfridge
Joel David Moore	Norm Spellman
CCH Pounder	Moat
Wes Studi	Eytukan
Laz Alonso	Tsu'tey
Matt Gerald	Corporal Lyle Wainfleet
Sean Anthony Moran	Private Fike
Jason Whyte	Cryo Vault Med Tech
Scott Lawrence	Venture Star Crew Chief
Sean Patrick Murphy	Shuttle Co-Pilot
Kevin Dorman	Tractor Operator/Troupe
Kelson Henderson	Dragon Gunship Pilot
David Van Horn	Dragon Gunship Gunner
Jacob Tomuri	Dragon Gunship Navigator
Michael Blain-Rozgay	Suit #1
Jon Curry	Suit #2
Julene Renee	Ambient Room Tech/Troupe
Luke Hawker	Ambient Room Tech
Woody Schultz	Ambient Room Tech/Troupe
Peter Mensah	Horse Clan Leader
Ilram Choi	Basketball Avatar
Debra Skelton	Troupe
Julie Lamm	Troupe
Frank Torres	Troupe


Directors:
James Cameron	Director


Writers:
James Cameron	screenplay


Producers:
Colin Wilson	Executive Producer
Laeta Kalogridis	Executive Producer
James Cameron	Producer
Jon Landau	Producer
Brooke Breton	Co-Producer
Josh McLaglen	Co-Producer
Janace Tashjian	Associate Producer


I did not record this myself, I'm just helping seed along because there's such a demand for this movie.  The original poster did a great job, and I claim no credit for this.  I'm just helping spread the word.  Please enjoy as I did, and please don't forget to help seed for others!