Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"One Hit (to the Body)" is the opening track to English rock and roll band the Rolling Stones' 1986 album Dirty Work.

"One Hit (to the Body)" was released as Dirty Work's second single on May 16 in the United Kingdom and May 9 in the United States with album mate "Fight" as its B-side. The single reached the top thirty in the US. One of the song's most memorable features was the music video produced in support, directed by Russell Mulcahy. Featuring the Stones in a large warehouse set, the song's title is taken literally and both Jagger and Richards are seen trading mock blows whilst archive footage of actual boxing matches is cut in. Dirty Work has long been known as the album produced at the height of Jagger and Richards' feud during the 1980s.

A remix of the song, called the "London Mix" (clocking at 7:00), was done by Steve Lillywhite and then released on the 12" single.

Despite some popularity among Stones fans, "One Hit (to the Body)" is largely a forgotten song from the Stones' canon of work off one of their lesser known albums. It has been featured during live performances during the 1989-1990 Steel Wheels/Urban Jungle Tours.

Credited to lead singer Mick Jagger, guitarist Keith Richards and guitarist Ron Wood, "One Hit (to the Body)" was largely the work of Richards and Wood. Both guitarists contributed heavily to Dirty Work overall, with Wood receiving credit alongside Jagger and Richards on another three songs. A sign of Wood's heavy contribution is the song's distinctive opening of an acoustic piece. Wood used Richards' own 1967 Martin D-18 to perform the jam in an attempt to come up with a proper electric riff, but the acoustic version remained. The band is known for their use of acoustic guitars to "shadow" their electric guitars; "Brown Sugar" being a prime example. Both Richards and Wood played electric, but lead riffs and solos were provided by ex-Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page. Page's contribution was the result of a short studio session between him and Wood after Page's request to hear what the band was working on. Drummer Charlie Watts provides the song's driving beat as well as its notable cymbal opening, while Bill Wyman performs bass.

The very hard rock feel and minimal use of instruments on the song is a result of Jagger's minimal contributions to the album overall. The lyrics describe an emotional affair:
 	"You fell out of the clear blue sky, To the darkness below;
The smell of your flesh excites me, My blood starts to flow; So help me God;
You burst in in a blaze of light, You unzippered the dark;
One kiss took my breath away, One look lights up the stars 	”
“ 	And it's it's one hit to the body, It comes straight from the heart;
One hit to the body, Sure went straight to the mark; So help me God"

Backing vocals on the song were provided by Richards, Wood, Bobby Womack, Patti Scialfa, Don Covay, and producer Steve Lillywhite's wife Kirsty MacColl. Recording and re-recording lasted through out much of 1985. Two locations used were the Pathé Marconi Studios in Paris and New York City's RPM Studios.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

