
Synopsis

Just prior to her death, Mrs. Patterson, little Patsy's guardian, advises her ward to turn to the Bible and pray in moments of trouble. The orphaned Patsy takes her guardian's advice to heart when she is sent back to the orphanage after Mrs. Patterson's death. Looking to the Bible for guidance, Patsy turns the pages at random and sees the passage "...flee to Egypt." Taking the words as divine guidance, Patsy runs away to the town of Egypt, New Jersey, where she meets Tommy Wilks, whose father Red is the town drunk. Red takes Patsy to his boss, Tom Creighton, the editor of the town paper, who offers the little girl a home with his own wife and children. When Jim writes an editorial criticizing the safety standards of a paint factory owned by millionaire Luther Marvin, however, he loses his job and brings disaster to the entire family. Believing that she is a jinx, Patsy goes to Marvin's house where she softens the heart of the millionaire's valet, Edwards, who grows fond of her. Although Tommy and Patsy have reformed Red, they are unable help Jim until the town is rocked by an explosion at the paint factory. Jim rushes to the scene of the fire and tries to extinguish it by opening a water tank, but he becomes trapped. Only with the help of the children does Jim manage to escape death. For his heroism, Jim is reinstated in his job and legally adopts Patsy as his daughter.
[x] Close full synopsis
Cast & Crew
William Thiele
Director
Virginia Weidler
as Patsy
Gene Reynolds
as Tommy Wilks
Guy Kibbee
as Luther Marvin
Ian Hunter
as Jim Creighton
Elizabeth Patterson
as Mrs. Perkins
Reginald Owen
as Edwards, valet
Henry Hull
as "Red" Wilks
Lois Wilson
as Ellen Creighton
Arthur Aylsworth
as John Little
Russell Hicks
as Major Ellwook
Wade Boteler
as Policeman
See all cast & crew >>
Release Date
27 Oct 1939

Color/BW
Black and White

Sound
Mono (Western Electric Sound System)

Production Dates
late Aug--22 Sep 1939

Alternate Title(s)
Looking After Sandy
Patsy
Runaway Angel

	
Duration (in mins)
72 or 77

Duration (in reels)
8

Premiere Information
not available
late Aug--22 Sep 1939


Distribution Company
Loew's Inc.

Production Company
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Corp.


Country
United States