File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:08:43

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 4807 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.10 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no extra logos or titles.


"Alejandro" is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga. It is the third single from her second studio album, The Fame Monster (2009). Co-written and produced by RedOne, it is composed as a mid-tempo Europop song with an uplifting melody, where Gaga sings in a non-English accent about bidding farewell to her lovers. It was inspired by Gaga's "Fear of Sex Monster". Critics noted it to be heavily influenced by ABBA and Ace of Base, and predominantly gave positive reviews for it.

"Alejandro" charted on the UK Singles Chart prior to its official release, and reached the top-five on the Hungarian Singles Chart due to download sales from the album. It has also charted in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden and the United States—where it became her seventh successive single to reach the top-ten of the Billboard Hot 100. Gaga performed the song on both the legs of The Monster Ball Tour, portraying a sexual innuendo scene with her dancers. The song was also performed on the ninth season of American Idol on May 5, 2010.

A music video for the single, which was directed by photographer Steven Klein, was released on June 8, 2010. It was inspired by Gaga's love for her gay friends and admiration of gay love—her envy of the courage and bravery they require to be together. The music video portrays Gaga with a group of soldiers in a cabaret, dancing to the song. It is interspersed with scenes of Gaga as a nun eating a rosary and near-naked men, holding machine guns. Critics compared the video to Madonna's music video for "Vogue", and gave mixed review.

In January 2010, it was reported that Gaga was holding casting calls for the music video of "Alejandro" and was eager for David Walliams to appear in the video alongside his wife Lara Stone. On March 23, 2010, Women's Wear Daily reported that photographer Steven Klein will be directing the music video, which Gaga confirmed herself in an interview. While touring Australia with The Monster Ball Tour, Gaga was interviewed by Australian radio station, Melbourne's Nova 100, where she talked about the music video. She said,

    "I’m so excited about the ‘Alejandro’ video, [...] Actually, we’re shooting it very soon and I don’t want to say who the director is yet because it’s going to give a lot away. [...] Are you absolutely mad? I would never, ever tell you! [about the concept of the video] I would be more likely to lie through my teeth to you [regarding] what the video’s about so that you could all be surprised. But I will tell you it’s not the sequel to the ‘Telephone’ video."

After confirming that Klein was directing her video, Gaga explained that she "doesn't know what [the video is] going to look like until it's finished", and commented that "[Steven Klein is] a very good friend of mine and I love him so much, [...] I have so much respect for him. And we've been excited to collaborate and have a fashion photographer tell us a story, the story of my music through his lens and this idea of fashion and lifestyle." Gaga explained that Klein understood her "I am what I wear" lifestyle, making him a suitable director for the video. She added, "It's all about where I'm from and love of theater and love of music and love of the lie in art, and Steven really knows and understands that, [....] So we're making a beautiful video, and I'm so excited." In May 2010, Gaga told The Times about the concept of the video: "[It's about the] purity of my friendships with my gay friends, and how I've been unable to find that with a straight man in my life. It's a celebration and an admiration of gay love—it confesses my envy of the courage and bravery they require to be together. In the video I'm pining for the love of my gay friends—but they just don't want me to be with them."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/