Beata Beatrix - In The Garden Of Ecstasy

Artist : Beata Beatrix
Title   : In The Garden Of Ecstasy
Year   : 2010
Label  : Wave rec.
Genre : darkwave, gothic,
Format : album
Time: 58 min

Type : mp3 128 kbs
Cover : yes

TRACKLIST :
01 The Water 2:40
02 Waiting The Moon 3:44
03 In The Garden Of Ecstasy (Club Edit) 3:36
04 A Prayer 4:05
05 My Little Elisabeth 3:56
06 Senti 3:39
07 In An Art Studio 3:05
08 Fetish Inside 2:44
09 Love Must Die 3:01
10 My Mother Is Like A Stereo 4:02
11 Il Templo Delle Rose 4:36
12 Delirium & Love 4:37
13 They Crucified My Woe 5:00
14 In The Garden Of Extasy (Demo Version) 4:30
15 Love Must Die (Demo Version) 3:44
16 The Death 1:41 

Debut album of this great Italian band mixing gothic rock/darkwave and synth soundscapes... The Beata Beatrix was born in 2000 from an idea of the current bassist, Crowley. After several lineup changes, the official line-up is as follows: Hatria (Voice and text) Ricy (guitars and programming) Crowley (Bass and Sampler) The band's name refers to the famous picture painted by Dante Gabriel Rossetti (the Beata Beatrix, in fact). The band will have their first official album by Wave Records, they recorded three self-produced demo (Elisheba (2003), Delirum & Love (2006), Malinconica Autunno (2008)) who have all received critical acclaim. "In the garden of ecstasy", the debut album by the band is musically a mix between gothic rock Anglo-80s, the 90 years of darkwave and ebm array Teutonic. The album comprises 16 tracks (including some demo version), the lyrics are using the more traditional gothic themes (the heavenly visions, delirium, the imaginary post-mortem) and the figure of Elizabeth Siddal (wife and muse of Rossetti, who committed suicide with the essence of the flower of laudanum). Another exception is made for the song "My mother is like a stereo" which speaks of sexual violence against children. The historic Italian magazine "Ver Sacrum" wrote about last demo of Beata Beatrix: “Really a wonderful confirmation, Beata Beatrix. After nearly two years we find them with this Malinconica Autunno, a mini cd consists of four tracks that draw a further evolution sought in the sound of the band Tuscany. They had left, having abandoned the initial attitude gothic rock, exploring the territories of the goth and post punk array Britain, where they returned with a good supply of electro and ebm sounds, have adjusted the arrangements paying close attention to cleanliness sound and the search for catchy melodies and insightful ..... and have produced four pearls.” The song "Love Must Die" almost natural continuation of the spirit of the previous "Delirium & Love", sounds scratchy and eighties, rhythmic and tribal, batcave Hatria very good in reviving siouxiane not only sound, but bring an aggressiveness and a whole irreverence (post) punk. In "In the garden of ecstasy" these are the electronic sounds and dance-matrix and cleaner Teutonic maybe a little conventional, but very much enriched by the performance of Hatria, varied and intense. "My Mother is like a stereo" which addresses the issue of violence on children, and instead a masterpiece, rhythmic electro and EBM, but for nothing granted, very free and experimental, yet allow me to say much aptitude punk, enter a scaffolding that is almost reggae. And a beautiful vocal score, histrionic and theatrical desperate and sarcastic tones that alternated with moments of virtuoso classical. Official Page: www.beatabeatrix.com