Coast To Coast Am - 08-26-10 - Animal Deaths, Moon's Origin, Hollywood & Ufos

Date:
 08-26-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Linda Moulton Howe, Lloyd Pye 
 


Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe discussed dead seals being discovered with unusual excisions, the origins of Earth’s Moon, bat die-offs, and NASA’s opposition to Steven Spielberg's film, Close Encounters of the Third Kind. In her first report, she detailed how some 52 seals have washed up dead off the coast of England, with unprecedented "corkscrew" excisions in their bodies, The wounds, which appear to be a mechanical cut of some type, are not consistent with fishing nets or boat propellers. She interviewed Dave Thompson, a Scottish sea mammal research scientist, who noted that the seal deaths remain a mystery at this time, though they are working to discover the cause. 

In her second segment, Linda presented new findings that the interior of the moon is much drier than the Earth's, which has led scientists to theorize that the moon was formed when an "Impactor" collided with Earth around 4 billion years ago. The findings are "supportive of an origin of the moon where you have a Mars-size body impacting the Earth and forming a debris ring around the Earth that then coalesced and formed the moon," geologist Chip Shearer told her. The material composition of the moon would be mainly from the "Impactor," which would explain why there are significant chemical differences between the Earth and moon, said planetary scientist Jeff Taylor. More here. 

The White-Nose fungus is continuing to kill off millions of bats in the US and Canada. The population of Little Brown Bats, which have survived for 52 million years, may be in danger of extinction within the next 15 years in the American Northeast, biologist Thomas Kunz noted. "The worst possible scenario is that the fungus spreads across the U.S. to caves in the West," he added. See the full report. 

British scholars Robbie Graham and Matthew Alford recently uncovered a 1978 interview with Steven Spielberg in which he said about his then-newly released movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind, "I really found my faith when I heard that the government was opposed to (my) film. If NASA took the time to write me a 20-page letter, then I knew there must be something happening." Graham & Alford investigated the Spielberg quote and his link to political powers that manipulate information about UFOs and other sensitive subjects in Hollywood productions. Further information: Part 1, Part 2. 

Starchild Skull Update
First hour guest, researcher Lloyd Pye shared an update on the Starchild Skull, a unique 900-year-old bone skull, and the ongoing DNA analysis to determine if it had alien parentage. A total genome recovery will show that the skull's DNA is radically different than a human's, by as much as 10-50%, one geneticist told him. We may be able to prove it's a genetically engineered being, Pye added. 


Website(s):
-earthfiles.com
-lloydpye.com
-starchildproject.com
Book(s):
-Glimpses of Other Realities, Volume 2
-Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles
-Starchild Skull Essentials