 http://bayimg.com/oaPCAAacO

Sretno dijete (2003) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0410657/

In Serbo-Croation with English subtitle file

Sretno dijete ("Happy child" in Serbo-Croatian) is a documentary film directed by Igor Mirkovic, and produced by Rajko Grlic, an Ohio University professor of film, in 2003. The film is a nostalgic autobiographical overview of the authors adolescence in SR Croatia in the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia during the late 1970s and early 1980s which corresponded with the emergence of the Yugoslav Punk and the Yugoslav New Wave scene, both which the author affiliated to, thus turning this film into a rockumentary. The film features interviews and rare footage of some of the top former Yugoslav rock acts ever such as: Azra, Film and Haustor from the author's hometown Zagreb, Croatia where most of the story takes place; then members of Elektricni orgazam and Idoli whom the author visits in Belgrade, Serbia; as well as Pankrti and Buldožer from Ljubljana, Slovenia. Beside materials filmed around former Yugoslavia, the film also contains interviews with important former Yugoslav artists who currently live abroad. For example Darko Rundek is interviewed in Paris, France, Mirko Ilic in New York City in the US, and there are also scenes shot on locations in the Netherlands, Germany, Hungary and other countries. The film is named after a song by Prljavo kazalište from their first self-titled album.

Through Zagreb, Ljubljana, Vienna, Belgrade, Budapest, Paris, Utrecht and New York, the author is in pursuit of the heroes of his youth, trying to tell to his own self the story about the expansion of punk-rock and the fall of socialism. With plenty of music and shots from the times of the new wave, The Lucky Child is a little monument to the generation that was growing up with a strong belief that rock'n'roll is more important than life. During the eighties a fantastically popular music scene was born on the streets of the otherwise gray and sleepy Zagreb. The filmmaker recalls it all from his boyhood years. Twenty-five years on he realizes that the period was critical in creating his personality. He travels from Zagreb to Ljubljana, Vienna, Belgrade, Budapest, Paris, Utrecht, and New York in search of the heroes of his youth. He seeks to put together a story combining punk-rock and decaying socialism in order to understand his roots. 

Igor Mirkovic was born in Zagreb, television journalist and director of documentary films.

From 1989 to 2000, editor and writer of a great number of news and documentary programs, as well as several political magazines. He received a large number of domestic and international rewards for his news reporting.

Together with Rajko Grlic, he directed the feature-length political documentary “Who Wants to be a President” the story of the political and electoral battles in Croatia. This film was theatrically distributed and shown at numerous film festivals in Europe and the United States.

Also the director of the documentary, Orbanici Unplugged» (1998.)

