Minecraft is a sandbox building video game which allows players to build constructions out of textured cubes in a 3D world. It is currently in development, mainly by Markus "Notch" Persson as well as others from his company, Mojang Specifications. Minecraft has been developed on the Java platform. The gameplay is inspired by Dwarf Fortress, RollerCoaster Tycoon, Dungeon Keeper, and especially Infiniminer. Minecraft was developed for about a week before its public release on May 17, 2009 on the TIGSource forums, where it gained a considerable level of popularity. It has been continually updated and patched since then, and while still an alpha release, it has garnered hundreds of thousands of sales and critical notice and acclaim from many reviewers.

Alpha, formerly known as Indev, and later as Infdev, is the only version of Minecraft which is currently being updated, and is only available to users who have purchased the game. Alpha features a survival game mode with single and multiplayer variants. Alpha requires that the player use the building and mining mechanics as a method of protection from hostile monsters, and as a way to uncover useful ores in the ground. Alpha also includes limits on the number of blocks that can be held by the player, using an inventory system, and requires that all blocks be mined first rather than giving the player an unlimited supply as in Classic's creative mode. Different blocks can be crafted into items such as swords, chests, minecarts, and buckets. There are also plants and animals, which can be farmed and hunted for other resources. The player has an inventory in which to hold blocks and items, as well as a health meter. Health can be restored upon eating certain items and is lost from long falls or attacks by monsters. Upon death, the player respawns at their original spawn point with an empty inventory, though items can be recovered if the player reaches the point of death before the items vanish.

Alpha also places a heavy emphasis on creativity. Players must devise methods of building functional and navigable structures that can withstand the nightly assault from various monsters. The player's short reach and short jumping ability forces players to plan structures carefully, lest they trap themselves, fall to their death, or drown. More complex mechanisms can be built using the game physics as well as primitive electrical circuits and logic gates out of wires called redstone.

Alpha allows for a nearly infinite horizontal playing world, though limits exist on vertical movement both up and down. The game world is procedurally generated as the player explores it, with the full size possible stretching out to be nearly eight times the surface area of the Earth before running into technical limits. Alpha can be played either with a stand-alone client or in a browser, and in either single or multiplayer mode (which is still under development). Minecraft Alpha is expected to move out of alpha status into beta when multiplayer is fully integrated into survival mode, along with a name change.

This installer brought to you by -Kelvin-
And The Launcher Comes From AnjoCaido