File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Spread Eagle burst upon the scene playing a brand of rock that came straight from the N.Y.C. gutter. When Paul DiBartolo (guitar) Rob De Luca (bass) and Tommi Gallo (drums) moved to the City and met up with Ray West (vocals), a new ROCK attitude was instantly born. While rehearsing/writing in a dingy East Village basement for their first gig, rumours began leaking out to the record industry. The group was quickly snatched up and signed to MCA/Universal, then sent straight into the legendary Record Plant studios. Additional tunes for the debut album had to be written while recording was taking place. The self-titled debut was produced by Charlie Gambetta and featured wailing vocals and razor sharp guitar, demonstrated through songs such as "Switchblade Serenade", "Scratch Like A Cat", and "Broken City". The honesty of Spread Eagle's debut release quickly gained the band worldwide critical acclaim and propelled them to the forefront of the genre. Four years later, after the release and touring of their second album "Open To The Public" (also produced by Gambetta), the band took a break and went about their own personal projects. Rob De Luca is currently in the SEBASTIAN BACH BAND. The BACH BAND have been touring as direct support for GUNS N' ROSES on their "2006-2010 Chinese Democracy World Tours". Rob has also toured and/or recorded in UFO, HELMET, JOAN JETT AND THE BLACKHEARTS, GEORGE LYNCH (DOKKEN/LYNCH MOB), MIKE CHLASCIAK (HALFORD), OUIJIPIG and OF EARTH (free debut album download available). Rob has recorded for Grammy winning "Producer Of The Year" STEVE LILLYWHITE and for Grammy winning "Album Of The Year" engineer TOM CAMUSO. Ray West is fronting his new project All Points West (A.P.W.) with their impressive debut album out now. Paul Dibartolo went on to score music in the film and t.v. industry. He now creates music under the name Salvadore Poe. Charlie Gambetta operates his record label "Jambetta Music" (jambetta.com), breaking new and talented artists and still making the mold for the real. In 2006 Spread Eagle reformed and Lovember Records has reissued their remastered debut record in association with Universal Music.


My Videos:
  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/		
 