File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:32

[Video]
Resolution : 1280x720
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 5200 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.24 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"'Beauty in the World" is a song by the American soul singer Macy Gray. It is the first single from her upcoming fifth album The Sellout. The song was released digitally on March 30, 2010 in the United States and the music video, as well. It was notably used on the series finale of the ABC dramedy series Ugly Betty and also on the 2010 film Killers.

The video for the song, directed by Adria Petty premiered on April 9, 2010, and features Gray performing the song with cheerleaders, kids jumping rope, dancing and hand-clapping.

Monica Herrera from Billboard magazine gave a positive review for the song, saying that:"Gray makes a strong case for her ability to craft another anthemic pop song. Nonthreatening folk pop is the vehicle of choice here: Over hand claps, a casual guitar strum and jangly tambourine, Gray sings, "Listen to the sound, and lose it/It's sweet music, and dance with me." While the concept feels a little hokey-as does rhyming "beauty in the world" with "shake your booty, boys and girls" in the chorus-it's the kind of song that should appeal to the singer's original fan base".

The Sellout, Gray’s fifth album and first since her under-performing 2007 album, Big, is her return to musical form after almost conforming when her last album didn’t take off. “I thought after Big flopped maybe I should do what everyone else was doing,” she said. “Go out and hire the hottest producers, the best writers, get real skinny. But none of those people called me back.”

The song was inspired by hearing her daughter’s laughter on a down day. “I didn’t even know what she was laughing at. I thought ‘at least she’s happy.’ And I felt at least I hadn’t failed there, because my daughter’s happy."

Gray perfomed the song on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on May 12.

The Sellout is the fifth studio album by American R&B-soul  singer–songwriter Macy Gray, set to be released in the United States on June 22, 2010. The album's lead single, "Beauty in the World" was released in April 2010, and was met with generally positive reviews by critics and fans. It was notably used on the series finale of the ABC dramedy Ugly Betty.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/