On February 3, 1978, CBS aired a made-for-TV movie about the duo titled Deadman's Curve. The biopic starred Richard Hatch as Jan Berry and Bruce Davison as Dean Torrence, with cameo appearances by Dick Clark, Wolfman Jack, Mike Love of the Beach Boys, and Bruce Johnston (who at that time was temporarily out of the Beach Boys), as well as Berry himself (near the end of the movie, he can be seen sitting in the audience, watching "himself" (Richard Hatch) perform onstage). The part of Jan & Dean's band, Papa Doo Run Run, was played by themselves. Johnston and Berry had known each other since high school, and had played music together in Berry's garage in Bel Air—long before Jan & Dean or the Beach Boys were formed. Following the release of the film, the duo made steps toward an official comeback that year, including touring with the Beach Boys.

Cast: 

Pamela Bellwood - Annie
Eddie Benton  	- Nancy
Art Bradford  	- Army Sergeant
Hank Brandt  	- Mr. Torrence
David Byrd  	- Surgeon
Dick Clark  	- Himself
Priscilla Cory  - Linda
June Dayton  	- Mrs. Berry
Floy Dean  	- Dr. Vivian Sheehan
Denise Du Barry - Susan
Richard Hatch  	- Jan Barry
Bruce Johnston  - Himself
Noah Keen  	- Jim Arlett
Art Koulias  	- Freddie
Mike Love  	- Himself
Vicki McLean  	- Caroline
Inga Neilsen  	- Kathy
James Oliver  	- Engineer
Charles Pitt  	- Soldier
Leonard Stone  	- Herb Alpert
Susan Sullivan  - Rainbow
George D. Wallace - Mr. Berry
Kelly Ward  	- Billy
Wolfman Jack  	- Jackal
Bruce Davison  	- Dean Torrence

Production: 

Richard Compton  - Director
Pat Rooney  	- Producer
Dalene Young  	- Screenwriter
William H. Cronjager  	- Cinematographer
Fred Karlin  	- Composer (Music Score)
Aaron Stell  	- Editor
Herman Zimmerman  	- Art Director
Jacob Zilberg-Feinzilberg  	- Associate Producer
Tony Converse  	- Executive Producer
Roger Gimbel  	- Executive Producer

Watch for Jan in the audience at the end of the movie!

Ripped from a genuine VHS commercial tape.
Between age and low resolution of the 70's TV the video is still watchable.

Based on attorney Paul Morantz published landmark article about Jan Berry's recovery in Rolling Stone magazine.
