Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Chrissie Hynde and Welsh singer J.P. Jones have formed a band called "J.P., Chrissie and the Fairground Boys". They released their debut album, Fidelity, on August 24, 2010, and they are currently on tour. Several stops on the tour were recorded and sold on usb flash drives.

Christine Ellen "Chrissie" Hynde (born 7 September 1951, Akron, Ohio) is an American rock musician, best known as the leader of the rock/new wave band The Pretenders. She is a singer, songwriter, and guitarist, and has been the only constant member of the band throughout its history. As a rare, successful female bandleader and style-setter in the early days of 1970s punk and new wave, Hynde had a major impact on the music scene.

Essentially a vehicle for Chrissie Hynde, especially since the deaths of James Honeyman Scott and Chris Farndon precipitated the end of the original foursome, the Pretenders have never exactly been prolific. It’s taken them thirty years to record nine albums. So, it’s curious to see Hynde with a new album ready only two years after Break Up the Concrete.

The bigger surprise is that it’s not a Pretenders album. Thus begins our Welsh guy walks into a bar story.

J.P. Jones is a Welsh singer-songwriter. His band Grace signed to EMI and were groomed for success that never came. At loose ends, Jones spots Hynde in a bar, introduces himself, expresses admiration for her work and make a case for his own.

Hynde is fifty-eight, a Rock and Roll Hall of Famer, twice married, and mother of two grown children. Jones is thirty-two, or as Hynde sings on the opening cut “Perfect Lover” – “half my age.” Much has been made of their relationship status in the press. Hell, Fidelity is all about it. Fidelity is also a fine collection of songs from a killer band that includes some of the best vocal performances of Hynde’s storied career.

Fidelity is credited to JP, Chrissie and the Fairground Boys. The Fairground Boys includes all or most of the members from Jones’s old band Grace. Sam Swallow’s piano work stands out on tracks like “If You Let Me” and “Misty Valleys.” Guitarist Patrick Murdoch plays with the passion and precision (like a more rocking Mark Knopfler) we’ve come to expect from Hynde’s six string foils. Honestly, Hynde lucked into a damn good band. 

Fidelity is basically a cougar version of Double Fantasy. It could have been dreadful. While not without its TMI moments, Hynde’s consummate skills as writer and singer shine through, and Jones hold his own in love’s blow by blow. 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/