Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


“The Christmas Song” (1944), commonly referred to as “Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire“ or “Merry Christmas to You”, is a classic Christmas song, written by vocalist Mel Tormé and Bob Wells. According to Tormé, the song was written during a blistering hot summer. In an effort to “stay cool by thinking cool,” the most-performed (according to BMI) Christmas song was born.

“I saw a spiral pad on his piano with four lines written in pencil,” Tormé recalled. “They started, ‘Chestnuts roasting ... Jack Frost nipping ... Yuletide carols ... Folks dressed up like Eskimos.’ Bob (Wells, co-writer) didn’t think he was writing a song lyric. He said he thought if he could immerse himself in winter he could cool off. Forty minutes later that song was written. I wrote all the music and some of the lyrics.”

The Nat King Cole Trio first recorded the song early in 1946. At Cole’s behest — and over the objections of his label, Capitol Records — a second recording was made the same year utilizing a small string section, this version becoming a massive hit on both the pop and R&B charts. Cole re-recorded the song in 1953, using the same arrangement with a full orchestra arranged and conducted by Nelson Riddle, and once more in 1961, in a stereophonic version with orchestra conducted by Ralph Carmichael. The latter recording is generally regarded as definitive and continues to receive considerable radio airplay each holiday season, while Cole’s original 1946 recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1974. Mel Tormé himself eventually recorded his own versions in 1954 and again in 1965 and 1992.

My Kind of Christmas is a Christmas album and the third studio album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera, released in 2000.

While "The Christmas Song" was recorded during her debut album sessions, all of the other songs from My Kind of Christmas were recorded while Aguilera was on tour in mid-late 2000. The album was recorded at the same time as Aguilera was recording her Spanish-language album Mi Reflejo—the albums were released one month apart. The album went platinum in the U.S. and sold over 3.5 million copies worldwide.

"Christmas Time" was shipped to radio in mid-November 2000 and served as the first (and only) single to be released off the album, though not receiving any video treatment.

Ironically the track "Merry Christmas, Baby" entered the Billboard Hot Ringtones at number thirty-eight in December 2007.

In addition, "Climb Every Mountain", originally performed by Julie Andrews in the movie "The Sound of Music, and which can be heard on her "My Reflection" DVD, was recorded for "My Kind of Christmas" but the song remained absent when the physical release became available. The song has yet to be leaked through the internet, or through any other available source.

"These Are the Special Times" is a cover of the title track from Celine Dion's 1998 christmas album These Are Special Times.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

