Starring

John Wayne ... Col. Joseph Madden
Anthony Quinn ... Capt. Andrés Bonifácio
Beulah Bondi ... Bertha Barnes
Fely Franquelli ... Dalisay Delgado
Richard Loo ... Maj. Hasko
Philip Ahn ... Col. Coroki
Alex Havier ... Sgt. Bernessa (as J. Alex Havier)
Ducky' Louie ... Maximo Cuenca
Lawrence Tierney ... Lt. Cmdr. Waite
Leonard Strong ... Gen. Homma
Paul Fix ... Bindle Jackson
Abner Biberman ... Japanese Captain
Vladimir Sokoloff ... Señor Buenaventura J. Bello

General

General
Complete name : btbataan.divx
Format : DivX
Format/Info : Hack of AVI
File size : 818 MiB
Duration : 1h 34mn
Overall bit rate : 1 209 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP : Yes
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
Codec ID : DX50
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5
Duration : 1h 34mn
Bit rate : 999 Kbps
Width : 656 pixels
Height : 384 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16/9
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.165
Stream size : 676 MiB (83%)
Title : Video
Writing library : DivX 6.8.2 (UTC 2008-05-17)

Audio
ID : 1
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Codec ID : 2000
Duration : 1h 34mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 192 Kbps
Channel(s) : 1 channel
Channel positions : C
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Stream size : 130 MiB (16%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 42 ms (1.00 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
Title : Audio

Language
: English 


Plot

The US Army's defense of its Philippines
colony and the allied Malay countries/colonies behind it counted on its island fortress of Corregidor on Luzon -and a few others- but loses it in the 6 May 1942 Japanese combined forces attack. Colonel Joseph Madden is among the escaping survivors who are ordered by general Douglas McArthur to organize a guerrilla. As he finds many native Filipinos inclined to resist the occupier's vision of returning to the South Asian fold under a paternalistic empire which doesn't hesitate to 'spank the unruly', but is mainly civilian, unprepared, inept in military matters, Madden appeals to the legendary anti-US freedom fighter Andres Bonifácio's homonymous grandson Captain Andrés Bonifácio, who is luckily rescued from a POW dead march, to inspire the resistance -once his own fighting spirit is rekindled- with him in a still very unsure war, retaliated by bloody, ten to one repression. When the Japanese realize the people side against them, they stage fake independence under imperial prince Ito, but are betrayed. While the tide of war turns against Japan all around the Pacific, the bitter fight intensifies further... Written by KGF Vissers

Review From IMDB

The only thing that distinguishes "Back to Bataan" from scores of other routine war films is its historical theme, which remains an uncommon and important one. Few young Americans today have even heard of the Filipino and American disaster at Corregidor and the Bataan Death March that followed, during which numerous sick and hungry prisoners of war were beaten and killed by their Japanese guards. Although the movie accurately portrays the spirit of Filipino resistance to the Japanese, the individual characters from John Wayne down are cut from the usual Hollywood cardboard. Even the real American survivors of Japanese imprisonment, filmed here some months after their liberation during the invasion of the Philippines, are shown, supposedly right after they got out of the Japanese prison camp, freshly shaved and with neatly trimmed hair. Similarly, the guerrilla force led by John Wayne looks little the worse for wear even after two and half years of jungle warfare (whixh seem like about a week in this movie).
The Japanese lynching of the school principal is well handled. The man has not set out to be a hero, but put under the gun, literally, he is simply unable to haul down the American flag. The invaders hang him as an example.
Despite its weaknesses, "Back to Bataan" is still watchable and even enjoyable as a different view of World War II, especially if you're a high-schooler who hasn't yet become too cynical about Hollywood war movies. John Wayne and Anthony Quinn are their usual solid selves, and Beulah Bondi (as a naive but tough American matron)is an unusual asset in this kind of action film.