Barney Miller Typical Episode

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1517kbps 
Duration.............: 22:23.989
Resolution...........: 600*458 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
NO SUBTITLES
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barney_Miller
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072472/
 
http://bayimg.com/gapbKaAcO

Barney Miller is a comedy television series set in a New York City police station in Greenwich Village that ran from January 23, 1975 to May 20, 1982 on ABC. It was created by Danny Arnold and Theodore J. Flicker. Noam Pitlik directed the majority of the episodes.

Captain Barney Miller (Hal Linden) tries to remain sane while leading the NYPD's 12th Precinct's detectives: crotchety, nearing-retirement Jewish-American Philip K. Fish (Abe Vigoda); naive, gung-ho but goodhearted Polish-American Det. Stanley "Wojo" Wojciehowicz (Max Gail); ambitious, intellectual, African-American Det. Ronald "Ron" Nathan Harris (Ron Glass); philosophical, wisecracking gambler Japanese-American Nick Yemana (Jack Soo); and dauntless beleaguered Puerto Rican Chano Amanguale (Gregory Sierra). Miller also has to deal with his unapologetically old-school superior, Deputy Inspector Frank Luger (James Gregory), and diminutive and obsequious uniformed Officer Carl Levitt (Ron Carey), who passive-aggressively badgers Miller constantly about being promoted to detective. Amanguale was replaced by intellectual Arthur Dietrich (Steve Landesberg) from the third season on.

The show's focus was split between the detectives' interactions with each other and with the suspects and witnesses they detained, processed, and interviewed. Some typical conflicts and long running plotlines included Miller's frustration with red tape and paperwork, his constant efforts to maintain peace, order, and discipline, and his numerous failed attempts to get a promotion; Harris's preoccupation with outside interests, such as his living arrangements but mainly his novel ("Blood on the Badge"), and his inability to remain focused on his police work; Fish's age-related health issues, marital problems, and reluctance to retire; Wojciehowicz's impulsive behavior and love life; Luger's nostalgia for the old days with partners Foster, Kleiner and Brown; Levitt's quest to become a detective (which was eventually successful); the rivalry between the precinct's resident intellectuals, Harris and Dietrich and continually - but reliably - bad coffee (usually made by Yemana).

Decades after its cancellation, Barney Miller retains a devoted following among real-life police officers, who appreciate the show's emphasis on dialogue and believably quirky characters, and its low-key portrayal of cops going about their jobs. During his appearance on Jon Favreau's Independent Film Channel talk show Dinner for Five, Dennis Farina, who worked as a Chicago policeman before turning to acting, called Barney Miller the most realistic cop show ever seen on television. Hal Linden has told interviewers that he is still occasionally called "Captain" by working police officers.

Season 2
Season 2, Episode 1: Doomsday
Original Air Date—11 September 1975
A disgruntled man wearing a belt of dynamite threatens to detonate himself and the squad room. Wojo arrests a fraudulent priest. The squad room plumbing goes haywire.
Season 2, Episode 2: The Social Worker
Original Air Date—18 September 1975
Liz tires of housework and tries her hand at social work, to Barney's dismay. Harris is intrigued by a master forger.
Season 2, Episode 3: The Layoff
Original Air Date—25 September 1975
A city-wide labor layoff forces Barney, Fish, and Yemana to do without the services of Chano, Harris and Wojo. A morose stockbroker resorts to petty theft.
Season 2, Episode 4: Ambush
Original Air Date—2 October 1975
Yemana is shot in plain sight of disinterested bystanders. Barney is offered a job in Florida.
Season 2, Episode 5: Heat Wave
Original Air Date—9 October 1975
A wife claims spousal abuse. Wojo and Wentworth go undercover to catch a park rapist.
Season 2, Episode 6: The Arsonist
Original Air Date—16 October 1975
The officers look out for an arsonist. Chano arrests a man who assaulted a vending machine with a deadly weapon.
Season 2, Episode 7: Grand Hotel
Original Air Date—23 October 1975
Wojo and Wentworth go undercover as a married couple to break up a burglary ring set in an upscale hotel.
Season 2, Episode 8: Discovery
Original Air Date—30 October 1975
Marty claims that a member of the precinct is harassing the gay community. The precinct computers have recorded Fish as dead.
Season 2, Episode 9: You Dirty Rat
Original Air Date—13 November 1975
Two kilos of confiscated marijuana disappears from the evidence locker. A homeless man spends his nights in a a series of department stores.
Season 2, Episode 10: Horse Thief
Original Air Date—20 November 1975
A hansom cab owner reports his horse as missing. A man is assaulted in his hotel room; yet he insists he was alone.
Season 2, Episode 11: Rain
Original Air Date—27 November 1975
The squad must work through the precinct roof threatening to collapse from the rain and a nightclub comic's Bicentennial jokes.
Season 2, Episode 12: Fish
Original Air Date—4 December 1975
A look at Fish's home life results when he decides to go on restricted duty. Steve Landesberg steps in as Arthur Dietrich. Doris Belack substitutes for Florence Stanley as Bernice Fish.
Season 2, Episode 13: Hot Dogs
Original Air Date—11 December 1975
A man is convinced that a photo of Jean Harlow is of his missing wife. A pair of female officers makes an overzealous drug bust.
Season 2, Episode 14: Protection
Original Air Date—18 December 1975
Citizens are in a panic over rumors that the 12th Precinct is being shut down. A repentant hood can't prove that he committed a crime.
Season 2, Episode 15: Happy New Year
Original Air Date—8 January 1976
On New Year's Eve, Wojo delivers a baby, and Fish tries to stop a jumper.
Season 2, Episode 16: The Sniper
Original Air Date—22 January 1976
Wojo and Luger become targets of a sniper. A con man is selling charter flights to Saturn.
Season 2, Episode 17: Fear of Flying
Original Air Date—29 January 1976
Although Wojo is afraid of flying, he must escort a bigamist to Cleveland. Meanwhile, the bigamist's New York wife turns up at the precinct. A man turns in an unmarked envelope containing $3,500 in cash, anxious to know when he will able to claim it.
Season 2, Episode 18: Block Party
Original Air Date—12 February 1976
Wentworth is furious when Chano gets the credit for the arrest she made of an assassin at a block party.
Season 2, Episode 19: Massage Parlor
Original Air Date—19 February 1976
Wentworth arrests a dime-store cowboy in a massage parlor. The detectives arrest an mugger who's in her eighties.
Season 2, Episode 20: The Psychiatrist
Original Air Date—26 February 1976
A psychiatrist advises the department to confiscate Wojo's gun.
Season 2, Episode 21: The Kid
Original Air Date—4 March 1976
Fish is attracted to a mugger's mother. A man who turned in $3,500 he found a few weeks ago is anxious to know whether the owner has claimed it.
Season 2, Episode 22: The Mole
Original Air Date—18 March 1976
A burglar known as "The Mole" leads Harris and Wojo on a chase through the city sewer system. Fish considers an operation.