Change At Oglethorpe - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC 7 via DVB-T
6 x 30 minutes - 128k - MP3 - Slimoo


Comedy drama series about life at a rural railway station.


1: Oglethorpe station's ticket sales are at an all time low. Could passengers be put off by Points's Platform 1 FM punk Rock Show? Or is it June's seances in the cafe? Or perhaps it's Rocket's refusal to sell anyone a ticket to Barnsley? David Clare, the new station manager, has a challenge on his hands.

2: The new Oglethorpe Station Master has got off to a bad start, but things get worse when he tries to sack Rocket.
David has survived a crazed ferret attack.

3: The new manager prepares for a royal visit but an aphrodisiac and a trumpet make the trip more memorable than intended.
June's passion for David has so far been unrequited. Will an unusual recipe from an old book change all that?

4: It's June's Birthday. While Rocket and Points are keeping out of her way, David is determined to make it a day to remember.

5: Rocket has an inheritance from a US relative. But before it becomes his, Oglethorpe has to look like a modern station.

6: Winter has come to Ogle Valley, and David starts to dream about sun and sand when an old friend offers him a job in Australia.




Cast:
Peter Davison as David Clare
Michael Williams as Rocket
Rosemary Martin as June
Chris Emmett
Caroline Strong
Madge Hindle
Phillippa Wilson
Peter Silverleaf
Don Fellows
David Timson


Written by Peter Morfoot
Produced by Gareth Edwards



Change At Oglethorpe - S01 - E01 - Off The Rails
Change At Oglethorpe - S01 - E02 - The Thin Controller
Change At Oglethorpe - S01 - E03 - The Brew That Is True
Change At Oglethorpe - S01 - E04 - Remember, Remember The Fifth Of September
Change At Oglethorpe - S01 - E05 - The Unquiet American
Change At Oglethorpe - S01 - E06 - Foreign Parts



Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 25mn 54s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits


[