Backup4All Pro 4.4.195
Full Version with Serial
See below for Install Instructions.
Windows 7, Vista, XP, - 32 & 64 Bit compatible

Backup4all is an award-winning, powerful data backup software for Windows. 
It protects your valuable data from partial or total loss by automating tasks, 
password protecting and compressing it to save storage space. Using Backup4all 
you can easily back up to any local or network drive, backup to FTP, backup to DVD, 
or other removable media (such as USB drives). Backup4all is the perfect 
backup solution for desktop and laptop computers, for your business or personal use.

Key features:
Version Tracking. Backup4all is a backup software that offers a unique mode 
to track file versions. You can selectively restore any previous state of 
the file directly from the main window.
Backup to DVD and CD. You do not need separate software to burn your backups 
to DVD or CD, because Backup4all comes with its own built-in CD/DVD burning support. 
However, if you prefer, you can still use UDF format to burn your CDs/DVDs.
Standard Zip Compression. Backup4all creates standard zip files. This means that 
you can access your data with any zip compatible utility. You can also secure the 
backed up data with AES encryption (128, 192, 256-bit).
Highly Configurable. Plenty of backup types to choose from: full backup, 
differential backup, incremental backup and mirror backup. Built-in scheduler, 
extra actions to perform before and/or after execution, command line [ ]
Backup open files. Backup4all uses the Volume Shadow Copy service that allows 
you to back up open files (local) from NTFS partitions in Windows XP/2003 and Windows Vista. 
For example you can backup Outlook Express or Microsoft Outlook emails and settings without closing them.
FTP Backup Software. You can now backup your files to remote locations 
using FTP connection (with SSL support, active/passive transfer modes, firewall support).


Compatible with:
Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2000 and 2008/2003/2000 server (32 / 64 Bit)


(1) Run b4a-pro.msi
(2) just follow the install instructions.
(3) see install preview pics, 
(4) Register with User/Serial (see key.txt.txt inside the zip file)
(5) Done, 

Enjoy, TrT



