DVD neXt COPY iTurns Pro

DVDneXtCOPY iTurns Pro is a revolutionary new, easy to use, ONE STEP iTunes conversion software. It allows you to freely convert your iTunes music into MP3, MP4, WMA or OGG format so they are not stuck inside iTunes anymore. Now you can easily burn your iTunes files to CD/DVD or load them onto any MP3 portable device not just an iPod. 

Features
ConvertVideos to Audio files
Built in burning engine (ability to burn to CD/DVD)
Copy music from iTunes to any portable device
Copy music from iTunes to any folder on your computer
Free updates for 12 months
100% Full Support directly from us
Works with most common burn software (Nero, Roxio, WMAP)
Supports mp3, wma, mp4 and oggvorbis
Support creating playlists
Integrated DataCD and AudioCD burning abilites
Contains CDText Tagging (Automatic get ID3 Tags from vitual burn job

Freedom from any copy-protection audio formats
Do not worry about your iTunes files when you transfer to a new computer! Do not worry about WindowsMedia Files and lost license files when you transfer to a new computer or reformat your hard drive. iTurns enables you to make your iTunes mobile and listen to your audio files wherever you want and on the computer YOU want. 
iTurns virtually burns any music files to a virtual CD-RW drive named iTurns, where the converted music files are stored. The quality of the media will not be lost.Â  iTurns emulates complicated ways of converting your iTunes in a amazing "One Step" process. {Old process: Burn, Ripp, Encode, Tag (id3)} iTurns process. Just burn from iTunes, Windows Media Player, Nero and other popular audio software. 

iTurns does not bypass any digital copy protection and conforms with all digital copy protection measures, provided that the user is legally entitled to listen to the music. 

Port your purchased content to any location

With iTurns you have capability to port your iTunes Music or WMA (DRM) music to a new computer or a second computer. This is normally a very difficult if not impossible process. With iTurns you can easy make a backup of your iTunes or WMA content and use this on your notebook or your new computer, with no difficulty.

Backup your iTunes / WMA Music Library 
Freely use your iTunes/WMA Music Library in other locations 
Easy change your Player: iPod->Zune, Zune -> Ipod, Ipod -> CD, CD->Ipod, etc. 
ONE STEP
There are mainly two methods to convert iTunes. The first method is to burn a copy to an audio CD and convert it to mp3. iTurns uses a more advanced method which allows user to burn iTunes music to a Virtual CD-RW disc and then automatically convert the music stored on the Virtual CD-R to MP3, MP4, WMA or OGG format. This makes the whole conversion process automatic and faster.The second method is to use a recording software and sound card. TuneBite, SoundTaxi, WMA Converter are these of the most popular software tools. 



How easy is it to use DVD neXt COPY iTurns Pro? 
DVD neXt COPY iTurns is so simple to use there are no complicated settings to figure out. Once installed, just follow these simple steps and you will be able to convert any of your iTunes songs.

Step 1. Install DVD neXt COPY iTurns PRO.
Step 2. Start iTunes and select DVD neXt COPY iTurns PRO as the default burner in your iTunes program settings.
Step 3. Click the DVD neXt COPY iTurns PRO icon in your task bar to select the output format and where to store the converted iTunes files on your computer.
Step 4. Last, click the burn button in iTunes and DVD neXt COPY iTurns PRO will turn all your tunes into your chosen format (MP3, WMA) and store them on your computer. 
DVDneXtCOPY iTurns does not violate COPYRIGHT LAW
DVDneXtCOPY iTurns does not disable any DRM* Protection. iTurns uses a feature inside the DRM Protection that allows you to make Audio CD copies of your purchased content. This does not violate US and European law because it is not circumventing and is part of DRM. Instead of illegally defeating copy-protection measures, iTurns uses an innovative, technically optimized process that records original files as they play and legally burns files to a virtual CD-RW drive on your hard drive, saving the recordings in unprotected digital formats. *Digital Rights Management (DRM) is a copy protection technology that is designed to restrict the illegal distribution of copyrighted music. Forms of control can include restrictions on the use of certain music players, how many times a purchased music file can be burnt to CD or the number of computers it can be transferred to. 
System Requirements
Minimum Requirements 
Windows 2000 or Windows XP
Pentium III® 500 MHz or equivalent
256 MB of RAM
10 GB of free hard drive space
A DVD Writer and media
 Recommended Requirements 
Win7, Windows XP or Windows Vista
Pentium 4® 1.4GHz or equivalent
512 MB of RAM
15 GB of free hard drive space
A DVD Dual Layer Writer and m 
