Original film name: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring Extended Edition
New film name: The Fellowship of the Ring: Remade
Original Runtime: 208 mins
New Runtime: 174 mins (1.31 + 1.23)
Amount of time Cut: 34 mins

Your intention for this fanedit:
To sidestep all the little oddities that PJ allowed in this one. The Fellowship is one of my all time favourite movies (and books), but there was still a lot of things that felt decidedly odd. The most prominent in the first movie was that the Nazgul were a bunch of losers. One sits right on top of it's prey and does not notice them. They are outrun by hobbits, while the Nazgul themselves have horses. They don't notice that the beds are stuffed with dummies. They don't kill the hobbits even when given plenty of time. Five of them are defeated by Aragorn alone (why are we worried about these guys?). They see the flood coming and they turn to ride along the river, for long enough that they would have made it to the other side had they just kept moving, or turned back. They fail utterly at everything they do in this movie. That's not very scary. I've tried to bring out the best of them, and portray them as the terrifying opponents they should be.

There are several other things that are silly or dumb, and I've given my comments to why I've changed things in the cut list below.

My overall intention was to bring out the best of this awesome movie, trying to improve on something that's already great. Not a small task. I have had no intention of bringing this closer to the books, I am only interested in what works in the movies themselves.

I wanted to show the best of each character, and I think I've succeeded fairly well in that. (And how great is Sean Bean in this? Oscar for best supporting actor went to Jim Broadbent for Iris . Yeah. Sean was robbed!)


FotR: Remade Cutlist SPOILERS

Removed "Victory was near". How could victory be near with Sauron left?
Sauron exploding does not topple the entire army. It just seems like everyone close by should have been killed.
Cut Bilbo searching franticly for the Ring. It doesn't have to be overly clear yet about the rings effect. I feel it distracts from the feeling of the storytelling at that moment.
Cut Gandalf banging his head. This cut is back! It's a rather silly way of presenting the character of Gandalf.
Cut Merry and pippin stealing a rocket. To make that work Bilbo hiding at the party also had to go, and we don't see the dragon fireworks. Introducing Merry and Pippin can be done in other ways, this one I don't like. Nor do I particulary like the dragon scene.
Cut Frodo and Sam seeing the wood elves. Dialogue meant to introduce us to the world? But coming from them it feels odd. Also Frodo and Sam switch places during the scene, and that bugs me.
Removed Gandalf running to several doors and them closing. It's meant to heighten the excitement, but has the opposite effect.
Cut most of the battle between the wizards. It's a kinda silly battle. Now Saruman is obviously more powerful.
The Nazgul does not sit right on top of the hobbits, nor do they distract it. Now it's scary but not failed. Once the Ring is resisted the Nazgul moves off.
Cut Nazgul finding hobbits in the forest. They are not slower than hobbits on foot anymore.
Cut some of Sauron's voice in the inn. It's less scary with words.
Removed some of the sleeping hobbits and posing Nazgul. They seem scarier when they are more to the point. Also I don't like this kind of tension-heightener that the interposed sleeping hobbits and Nazgul images are supposed to be. It was overdone here, and I've shortened it.
Removed scene with Saruman contacting Sauron. Saruman is more threatening as an independent player. That he starts building an army is because he wants the ring himself!
Removed "The trees are strong my lord. Their roots go deep." " Cut them all down". We understand anyway, don't need this overly clear line. And I don't like the orc voice.
Only 1 Nazgul finds them on Weathertop. And it's damn scary! Thank you Kerr for providing a crucial shot of the lone approaching Nazgul.
Removed "What's this? A ranger caught off his guard?". Yeah, why is he? And it doesn't make Arwen’s introduction more potent or interesting.
Arwen and Aragorn do not argue about who will ride. They just know who is the best suited. And I get a chance to add a little romance by changing the translation of the spoken elvish.
Removed "What are you doing? Those wraiths are still out there!". Why is Sam so stupid?
No goo on Frodo’s face during the chase, and the Nazgul don’t come quite as near. The goo is gone later on, so...
Removed Nazgul claiming the halfling and Arwen challenging them. They are scarier when they don't make demands like that.
The flood hits them too fast for them to move out of the way. They aren't stupid anymore.
Cut Arwen getting very upset that Frodo is dying. She still cries out, but the worst parts are gone.
Removed Frodo saying that he is ready to go home again. I want him to appear more effected already, not wanting to leave the ring.
Cut any talk about Aragorn choosing exile. Men are not without power, and Aragorn is only waiting for his time.
Time change, the council of Elrond. Two reasons. It makes the revelation of Aragorns heritage more potent. It makes the next scene with Boromir and Narsil much more meaningful!
Boromir does not question Aragorn on who he is. Because he already knows.
And we get to end the first part with a kiss!

Part 2

Aragorn does not refuse his heritage. The burden is upon him, and he is ready to shoulder it.
The Watcher battle at Moria is shortened. If it had more time it should have killed someone.
Troll action is drastically shortened. Nor do the hobbits kill any goblins. A little over the top in some parts, and I really don’t get why the hobbits get to be action heroes.
The goblins do not climb walls like insects. Do I need to?
A little less of Boromir almost falling down. Didn’t add to the tension.
They do not jump over a hole in the stairs. What an anti-climax! A long scene about jumping a hole when they are chased by a Balrog.
Removed Haldir telling Frodo that he is not welcome and carries great evil. Why does Haldir say this? If he knows, Galadriel must have told him. And she would want to help them. So either he shouldn't know at all (good) or help them. Instead it is the arrogance of Gimli that makes Haldir reluctant to offer any help. I know that some have big issues with this scene, clothes, make up, etc, but I think the scene is good in other aspects and worth keeping. That parts are used again the Mirror of Galadriel only underscores her words "some things that have been"
Removed "The enemy knows you have entered here. What hope you had in secrecy is now lost". Which enemy? And what do they know? This makes things more unclear and poses questions never answered. 
Galadriel does not say that "he will try and take the Ring" The temptation is back! But this part isn't very good, or at least I think so. It is enough that the Ring will break the Fellowship.
Galadriel does not explain about her Ring. No need to. Feels off.
Removed Celeborn telling Aragorn about orcs spotted, and changed his parting words. Once again his words aren’t properly explained. Followed by whom? (Gollum, yes, but let us know that then.)
Sam does not ask for a dagger. It’s not his character to question the gift of the mighty Galadriel.
Elvish translation change - Aragorn does not wish for Arwen to go to Valinor. Galadriel speaks of Arwen’s choice and what it will mean for her life. Because he accepts her choice and her love. 
Cut the Uruk-hai running. Shout out to Kerr, I found this an excellent choice, and went with it myself.
Removed Aragorn talking about Minas Tirith as "your city" to Boromir. He does want to go there, but not like this, with the ring.
Cut some of the first blows Aragorn makes against the horde of Uruk-hai. He retreats instead to a better position.
Cut Boromir's first intervention to save the hobbits. It's not a bad scene, but a little odd, and has hobbits stabbing a couple of orcs too.
Removed Legolas killing orcs that fall over randomly. Why do they do that?
Removed Uruk-Hai felled by magic hobbit stones, and other orcs randomly dying near Boromir. They are strong and scary, not fluffy bunnies. And they have helmets for "#*^'s sake!
Cut short the execution aiming on Boromir. It just looks silly.
Sam does not go limp with glazed eyes under water. That would mean too long time. This cut turned out better this time around.

END SPOILERS


The extra on the second dvd is a comment on the fact that the hobbits are action heroes in PJ's LotR. And then there is another one that is just silly, but in essence it's a mockery of the Nazgûl in the first movie. Both extras contain several scenes that were removed or changed in this edit.

Thank you, enjoy.
