When I was new to torrenting, I ripped my albums to mp3 at somewhere between 64-128 kbps to save space. Since then, I have had many requests for certain albums at a higher bit rate. This is one of those albums. Many of these are already available at lower bit rates as part of certain compilations I’ve put out, but the requests for higher quality have mounted, so here ya go. All albums are ripped to 320 kbps mp3, and are properly tagged and labeled.

Rambam1776


Seamus Kennedy - By Popular Demand Volume 2

Seamus Kennedy - 01 - The Whistling Gypsy
Seamus Kennedy - 02 - The Thing
Seamus Kennedy - 03 - Old Folks
Seamus Kennedy - 04 - Sarah, Sarah
Seamus Kennedy - 05 - Seeing-Eye Dogs
Seamus Kennedy - 06 - The Barley Mow
Seamus Kennedy - 07 - The Little Fly
Seamus Kennedy - 08 - King Caractacus
Seamus Kennedy - 09 - McDonalds' Kitchen (Streets of London parody)
Seamus Kennedy - 10 - The Moonshiner
Seamus Kennedy - 11 - Tribute To The Armed Services - Drunken Sailor 
http://www.mcnote.com/seamus/bio.html

Seamus Kennedy, originally from Belfast, Northern Ireland, has been entertaining audiences all over the United States for the past 32 years. With a ready wit and a vast store of songs, he travels from Alaska to Florida, Maryland to California, performing for audiences which range from Popes and presidents to bartenders and bricklayers, from college students to kindergartners.

In concert or festival, in pub or club, in colleges or high schools, Seamus Kennedy has the repertoire and the ability to make folks forget their cares for a while, to relax and enjoy themselves. He encourages the crowd to sing along to silly lyrics and daft ditties or act out the choruses of children's songs. When he plays a lively Irish jig or a reel, Seamus will often coax someone to jump up and dance to the music of his guitar or bodhrán - to the delight - and often amazement - of their friends. His audience participation songs and tongue-twisters have amused the ablest of participants and the nimblest of tongues.

Seamus has an endless supply of rib-tickling jokes, stories and one liners which can leave an audience breathless from laughing so hard. Many a crowd has gone home from one of his shows giggling to one another, "Do you remember the one about...?" (Ask him to do the routine about Moms And Kids, the Nuns, or Murphy and the Snails.) 

But the Irish have their serious side too, and when Seamus performs one of the more somber ballads such as Tommy Sands' "There Were Roses" or Pete St. John's "Dublin In The Rare Old Times" you can hear a pin drop as the words sink in. That moment of silence before the applause can raise goosebumps. Seamus' greatest influences have been the Clancy Brothers & Tommy Makem, the Dubliners' Luke Kelly, and the Irish Rovers, so it is no surprise to find many songs that they made famous, such as "The Wild Colonial Boy", "The Wild Rover," or "The Black Velvet Band" in his performance. So come and enjoy the music and mirth of one of Ireland's most popular exports - Seamus Kennedy! 

