Do you want to know my secret?

Let me tell you, I did NOT improve dating skills by ...
 
	Reading books
	listening to audios, or ...
	Attending seminars

No, the REAL reason I was able to transform from being a shy, nervous guy into a "approach machine" with the confidence and skills to meet women anywhere ... was because I started hanging out with guys who were "naturals" at approaching women.

And it was only when I SAW them meeting and talking to beautiful women right before my very eyes that my limiting beliefs evaporated and I finally believed I can do this too!

After seeing successful approaches done LIVE ... I began copying these "natural" guys behaviors ... what they said and did ... until I started getting the same stunning results!

Now here's something that ...

I can't keep this to myself any longer ...

Reading books, listening to audio's and attending seminar's on "how to pickup women" is NOT the fastest way to improve your skills with women ...

And that's why if you've been in "the community" for awhile now, but still haven't gotten the results you desire (a sexy girlfriend, more dates, etc) then it's probably because ...

You see, the quickest and easiest way to master ANY skill ... is to watch an expert demonstrate how to do it right before your eyes. Ask yourself ... How did you learn to ride a bike?

Did you read a book, listen to an audio or attend a "bike riding" seminar? I doubt it. You probably watched an expert (your father, brother or friend) ride a bike, then copied their actions until you could ride a bike too!

Here's the BIG secret to success ...

If you want to dramatically improve your confidence and skills at approaching and attracting beautiful women anywhere ... the FASTEST way is by watching master pickup artists "in action" meeting women and getting dates ... right before your eyes!

Now, you can spend thousands of dollars attending workshops and watch master pickup artists "in action" ... or you can watch them on hidden camera right now.

Keep reading because I'm about to give you instant access to a HUGE collection of hidden camera pickup videos, girl feedback, step-by-step commentary and more!

But first, you may be wondering ...

I'm not a pick up GURU. I'm a regular guy just like you.
  	

This may surprise you but ... I don't go out to bars and clubs 7 nights a week chasing girls. I prefer to meet women as I go about my day ... while grabbing a coffee, returning a movie, shopping for clothes, or picking up some groceries.

While the pick up "gurus" are busy selling their products, speaking on stage and inventing more silly "theories". I'm walking the streets meeting and getting dates with hot women!

In 2006 I released the first ever "day game" pick up video on you tube. That video attracted over 310,000 views, a 5 star rating, and hundreds of positive comments!

One day, a news team called and wanted to put me to the test. Their camera crew followed me into a nightclub and secretly filmed me as I approached women. Within one hour I walked away with several phone numbers and dates. They were impressed!

 

I Was Featured LIVE On National TV ...

  eZs3

	 

Channel Seven News
	
 

News Reader: "Alex Coulson calls himself an attraction coach. Years of digging at the coal face of love has resulted in the ultimate black book of secrets"

"If you’re not trained to see these type of things, you miss it all together. Guys miss the signals all the time."

"Knowing what women want has resulted in an avalanche of willing students who want the magic formula.

"We certainly promote guys to use it with discretion because it is a very powerful tool. It’s a numbers game. The more doors you knock on the more that will open for you"

 


After being featured live on TV, I started receiving hundreds of emails and phone calls from guys requesting to see more videos of me approaching women and getting dates.

And so I hired a film crew, hit the streets and started picking up women LIVE on hidden camera. That was two years ago, and today, there are many, many videos! Introducing ...

Get Instant Access To A Huge Collection Of
"Day Game" Pickup Videos Plus Much More!

Member Benefit #1:

Watch All Of Our Pickup Videos!
(Value $197 per month)

There are many hidden camera pickup videos inside the club.

You'll get to watch full-length videos of me and my students approaching women and getting dates with beautiful women on the street, the cafe, bookstore, everywhere!


How To Approach And Attract Women By
Watching Pickup Videos NOT Reading Theory...

Would you rather learn how to approach women, start conversations and get dates by reading boring books ... or by watching master pickup artists approach and attract women on hidden camera videos?

There are many pickup videos inside the members area! I've valued this section of the members area at $197 per month, but it's worth much more!

 

 

 

eZs3

 

  eZs3

  eZs3

eZs3

Now after you watch each pickup video, you'll also be able to watch the "play-by-play voice
commentary" version of each pickup video. This is where you watch the video again, and listen to me break down the interaction and explain everything that's happening ... the good, the bad and the ugly!

Member Benefit #2:

Listen To Play-By-Play Voice
Commentary On Every Pickup Video!
(Value $100 per month)

You'll get to listen to me break-down each interaction and explain everything I'm doing to make each pickup a success.

It's like you're walking the streets with me, watching as I approach women and get dates. Then after each approach, I walk back to you and explain everything I did to make the interaction a success!

Listen To A Step-By-Step Analysis
Of Every Pickup Video ...

This really is the quickest and easiest way to "get good" at approaching women, building attraction and getting dates! Not only do you get to see dozens of successful pickup's right before your eyes ... but you also get to hear the step-by-step analysis of each pickup afterwards!

The step -by-step voice commentary of each pickup video inside the members area is easily worth $100 per month.

 

Here's what you'll discover by watching our pickup videos ...

    *

      How to approach women and start conversations in the daytime! (you'll
      learn the word-for-word conversation starters we use to meet women)
    *

      How to STOP a woman walking on the street and start a natural and interesting
      conversation with her (even if she appears to be in a hurry or busy) 
    *

      How to approach groups of women … have them all enjoying your company …
      then isolate the woman you want ... and get her number!
    *

      Word-for-word conversation starters that work for meeting women in the day time!
    *

      How to use "playful banter" to make her feel attraction for you ... even if you've just met 
    *

      Questions you can ask to build rapport and get women to open up to you.
      The fastest way to build a strong connection with women.
    *

      How to persuade women on the street to break their plans and go on an
      "instant date" with you ... even if you barely know each other!
    *

      Plus much, much more!

Member Benefit #3:

"What Do These Women
Think About Being Picked Up?"
(Value $100 per month)


  Videos Much HIGHER Quality Inside
(Video may take a moment to load. Click "pause" and
wait a few moments before clicking "play").

This is one of the most exciting parts of the membership club.

You see, in order to show these videos to you, we had to get permission from each woman by having her sign a legal release form.

Do you know how difficult that is?

Imagine approaching a beautiful woman, starting a conversation, building attraction, getting her number and leaving ... then walking back to tell her that a dating company had been "secretly filming" your conversation the entire time ... and getting her to sign a release so we can use the footage!

Truth is, some girls were NOT cool about being filmed.

In the last 2 years, we've captured dozens upon dozens of pickup's on hidden camera video ... but only a handful of women gave us their permission to use the footage. And they allowed us to interview them too!

These Women Give Their Honest
Feedback About Being Picked Up!

That's right! Many women allowed us to interview them and ask questions about being picked up! Here are some of the questions we asked them ...

"What was your first impression of him?"
"Why did you continue talking to him?"
"Do you think guys should approach women during the day?"
"What would you say to guys watching this?"

This is priceless information! You get to listen in as we interview each woman about how she felt about the approach and interaction ... right after it happened! A woman's insight is so valuable ... nobody else does this!

Member Benefit #4:

Rare Interviews With World-Class Dating Coaches!
(Value $197 per month)

Inside the members club, you'll find 60 minute video and audio interviews with famous dating coaches and pick up artists. These experts charge between $500 to $1,000 an hour for their time but ...

You'll get to "listen in" as we GRILL multiple experts and force them to reveal their best secrets on how any man can achieve mind-boggling success with attractive women, no matter your looks, age or income!

Watch Revealing Interviews With Dating
Coaches and Famous Pickup Artists

Sinn Interview on "Same Night Lays" - 30 Min Video

In this exclusive interview I get Sinn to reveal every single tip, secret and technique he uses to get women back to his place and "close the deal" with zero resistance.

In this interview he lets us in on his entire step-by-step system getting women from the barstool to his bedroom, in one night! This interview should not be missed!

Asian Playboy Interview "Pickup Secrets" - 30 Min Video

In this exclusive 30 minute video Alex interviews Asian Playboy, a self confessed nerd from Dallas, Texas. During the last 4 years, Asian Playboy has coached over 500 men from every nationality and background on how to approach and attract women through his intensive workshops.

In this rare interview Alex gets Asian Playboy to reveal his most effective techniques. You’re going to LOVE this video interview because it’s jam packed with tried-and-tested techniques for meeting women and getting dates that you’ve never heard before!

 

"I was delighted when Aussie dating expert Alex Coulson told me he had created a DVD specifically aimed at advising gents on how to meet women "during the day".
 
"He demonstrates this by asking a girl he's just been speaking to on a park bench how to spell her name while simultaneously putting it in his phone. He then asks her to enter her digits. "Don't ask for her number," says Alex, "just assume that she'll give it". And it does work ... every time."

Samantha Brett
The Age Newspaper 
http://blogs.theage.com.au/
