Thanos Mikroutsikos (1947- ) was born in Patras, Greece and is one of the leading composers  of popular and classical music  in his home country. 
He studied music theory and piano at the Patras  Philharmonic Society and at the Greek Conservatory and continued under Yiannis A. Papaioannou. While studying music he graduated with a degree in Mathematics from the University of Athens.

He blends a lot of musical traditions in his work, from popular to electronic. He has composed a lot of songs based on poems by Greek and foreign poets, such as Euripides, Aristophanes, Constantine P. Cavafy, Giorgos Seferis, Yannis Ritsos, Odysseas Elytis and Nikos Kavvadias as well as Bertolt Brecht, Nazim Hikmet, Wolf Biermann, Vladimir Mayakovsky and Maurice Maeterlinck. He has also written operas, symphonic music, chamber music and music for the theatre and cinema.

One of his most popular works was the setting to music of poems by Nikos Kavvadias in his albums Grammes Orizonton (Horizons' Lines) and Stavros tou Notou (Southern Cross). Some of the music was originally written for a TV series, the theme of which was marine. The songs were liked and he went on to the studio to record some more many of which were included in the aforementioned albums.

Thanos Mikroutsikos has also been involved in Greece's political life since the 60's. During the turbulent years of the military junta (1967-1974), he was persecuted by the regime for his anti-dictatorial activities and ideas. When the junta collapsed he continued being actively involved in politics as a member of the maoist EKKE, especially in the first years after the restoration of democracy.
After the elections of October 1993 he was appointed by the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) which formed the new government, as Alternate-Minister of Culture with late Melina Mercouri as minister. In 1994 after the death of the latter he was appointed minister of culture. He remained at this position until 1996. (wikipedia.org)





1. O Stavros Tou Notou


01. Giannis Koutras - Kuro Siwo
02. Giannis Koutras - Thessaloniki
03. Aimilia Sarri - Stauros Tou Notou
04. Vasilis Papakonstantinou - Ena Mahairi
05. Giannis Koutras - Gunaika
06. Vasilis Papakonstantinou - Enas Negros Thermastis Apo To Tzimpouti
07. Gianis Koutras - Federico Garcia Lorca
08. Giannis Koutras - Armida
09. Giannis Koutras - Cambay's Water
10. Giannis Koutras - Esmeralda
11. Giannis Koutras - Pikria                                


Lyrics: Nikos Kavvadias

This edition released with the newspaper 'Ta Nea' in 2010.


Label: Lyra
Released: 1979





2. Embargo


01. Thanos Mikroutsikos - Eisagogi
02. Thanos Mikroutsikos - To Kakoithes Melanoma (Mnimi Nikou Poulantza)
03. Maria Dimitriadi - Mes Sto Himeio Tou Magiou (Tourkia '81)
04. Manolis Mitsias - Erotiko
05. Vlassis Mponatsos - Tapeino Rekviem Gia To Mellon I To Allo Prosopo Enos Autonomou
06. Maria Dimitriadi - Grammagrafia (Salvantor '80)
07. Vlassis Mponatsos - Skantza
08. Kostas Karalis - Proini I Vraduni Serenata
09. Thanos Mikroutsikos - Odi S' Ena Dromea Imiantohis
10. Maria Dimitriadi - Haroumeno Tragoudi Gia Ti Sulvia Plath
11. Kostas Karalis - Metamesonuhtio
12. Orhistra - Ysterografo
                              



Lyrics: Alkis Alkaios, except 01: Vladimir Mayakovsky

Label: Columbia
Released: 1982




Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rips by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share