V:9
A:9

Until the Light Takes Us is a feature length documentary chronicling the history, ideology and aesthetic of Norwegian black metal - a musical subculture infamous as much for a series of murders and church arsons as it is for its unique musical and visual aesthetics. This is the first (and only) film to truly shed light on a movement that has heretofore been shrouded in darkness and rumor and obscured by inaccurate and shallow depictions. Featuring exclusive interviews and verité with the musicians, a wealth of rare, seldom seen footage from the "Inner Circle"s earliest days, Until the Light Takes Us explores every aspect of the controversial movement that has captured the attention of the world. This is the movie that gets inside the minds and hearts of black metal's musicians. The filmmakers moved to Norway, living and filming there for two years. The movie is not about them though - it's about the extraordinary people and events that make black metal unique, unforgettable, and inevitable. This is black metal as seen through the eyes of those who created it, of those who live it, of those who are at the center of the story of black metal. Featuring: Gylve "Fenriz" Nagell, Varg Vikernes, Jan Axel "Hellhammer" Blomberg, Kjetil "Frost" Haraldstad, Ivar Bjornson, Abbath and Demonaz Doom Occulta, Kris "Garm" Rygg, Bjarne Melgaard, Harmony Korine, and more. The film, shot on 35 mm and dv, is directed and produced by Audrey Ewell and Aaron Aites. It is currently being edited in New York.  Written by Audrey Ewell

Music in order of appearance:

Mum - Ballad of the Broken Birdie Records
Darkthrone - Kaatharian Life Code
Ulver - Not Saved
Burzum - Ea, Lord of the Depths
Mayhem - Chainsaw Gutsfuck
Burzum - War
Gorgoroth - Destroyer Or About How to Philosophize With the Hammer
Mayhem - The Freezing Moon
Burzum - Rundgang um die Transzendentale Saule der Singularitet
Ulver - Eittlane
Mayhem - Pure Fucking Armageddon
Darkthrone - Quintessence
Darkthrone - In the Shadow of the Horns
Ulver - Farger
Thorns - Home
Boards of Canada - Gyroscope
Burzum - Han Som Resite
Boards of Canada - You Could Feel the Sky
Ulver - Shadows of the Sun
Black Dice - Motorcycle
Burzum - Dunkelheit
Burzum - Die Liebe Nerpus'
Thorns - Stellar Master Elite
Sun O))) - Sin Nanna
Burzum - Gebrechlichkeit II
Credits:
Mum - Ballad of the Broken Birdie Records 
Enslaved - Entrance-Escape

-What Fenriz plays on vinyl at his place is Mayhem - Chainsaw Gutsfuck.
-What is playing in the background while Fenriz talks about recording riffs and the cassette player is King Crimson - Epitaph then on later scenes, the song Moonchild.
-While Korine dances (what a useless fukking faqqot), Bethlehem - Die Anarchische Befreiung Der Augenzeugenreligion plays in the background.