[img]http://blog.karachicorner.com/blog-images/07/ashampoo-anti-malware-box.jpg[/img]

Release Group: Lz0
Release Name: Ashampoo Anti Malware v1.2.1 Incl Keygen and Patch
Release Date: 2010-09-07
Filename: Ashampoo Anti Malware v1.2.1 Incl Keygen and Patch-Lz0.rar
Size: 96.12 MB (100,792,003 bytes)
Type: Keygen & Patch
Protection: Activation
OS: WinAll
Release Description

The all-in-one solution: Anti-Spyware and Anti-Virus for maximal protection The official successor of Ashampoo AntiSpyWare and Ashampoo AntiVirus has been developed from scratch and combines the best of both technologies all in one solution. The comprehensive security solution protects your PC and your data from external threats and blocks viruses, trojans, worms, malware, rootkits, bots, spyware and adware efficiently without putting so much as a strain on your computer?s performance. In addition, the software offers a variety of security tools (e.g. File Wiper, Internet Cleaner, Startup Tuner etc.) based on our prize winning Ashampoo WinOptimizer series. Thanks to its innovative design and intuitive GUI, Ashampoo Anti-Malware is very easy to operate. An unprotected computer is virtually an open invitation for cyber criminals, whose numbers run in the thousands on the Internet today, and can easily cause considerable damage for average users. This is why we developed Ashampoo Anti-Malware for you.

Consider yourself on the safe side with state-of-the-arttechnology in the field of computer security. Ashampoo Anti-Malware comes with two scanners (anti-spyware and anti-virus) of renown software producers and therefore ensures your pc?s protection from online and offline threats alike. By integrating both engines in one program, the scan time is reduced significantly in comparison to two separately operating programs. Furthermore, Ashampoo Anti-Malware offers a signature check, during which a program is being checked for known malware patterns prior to each program launch (protection from over 3.000.000 current threats from the web and daily updates of the latest signatures), next to a heuristic analysis, enabling for unknown malware to be detected and blocked by means of behavior.

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install.
2) Patch the program/game using the included patch.
3) Use the key generator to generate a valid serial.
4) Enjoy this release

[img]http://img.brothersoft.com/screenshots/softimage/a/ashampoo_anti-malware-331953-1264125282.jpeg[/img]