Frank Zappa - Strictly Commercial The Best Of Frank Zappa (1995)
Mp3
320 CBR
Cleanly tagged with front cover


Review Written by
Stanley Runk "Runkdapunk"

This collection can be hit or miss. I gave it five stars, but it isn't 

a five star cd. The five stars are there because this cd changed my 

life. It opened a whole new door to me, and for that I'll always be 

thankful for this cd. This collection may not have the same effect on 

you, but you never know. To those unfamiliar, yet curious about Zappa, 

I'm sure it must be frustrating standing in the record store staring 

down hundreds of Zappa albums and thinking, "My God, which one do I 

get?" Well, this collection(one of the first Zappa collections to come 

out) is a good place to start, but be forewarned: It is misleading. 

Trying to cram 60 albums' worth of music on one cd is an impossible 

task, especially from an artist who experimented with so many sounds. 

This compilation exists in a fantasy world where all the songs on the 

disc would be Frank Zappa's hit singles. As we all know, he didn't 

have hit singles, but if he did, these would be it. That's where it's 

misleading coz Zappa's music goes way beyond what you'll hear on this 

cd. Most of the tunes here are kept to 4 minute, humorous, catchy rock 

tunes that make Zappa sound like Weird Al with much better guitar 

playing ability. Gone are the modern classical pieces, the free jazz, 

the ten minute guitar solos and the crude humor. Yes folks, you won't 

hear it on Strictly Commercial, but Zappa said things that would make 

The Insane Clown Posse blush. So, I would suggest this compilation 

just to get a fair idea of what Zappa's about, though many 

compilations have been released since(ones that include the offensive 

stuff). So, if you like what you hear on this cd, this can open the 

door to the Zappa Universe(and it's a huge one) for you, and you'll be 

quite surprised at all the wonderful things you'll find there. Then, 

once you get some albums, you probably won't ever listen to this disc 

again, but you'll be forever thankful that you took the gamble and 

bought it. 


1.  Peaches en Regalia 	
2.  Don't Eat the Yellow Snow [Single Version] 	
3.  Dancin' Fool 	
4.  San Ber'dino 	
5.  Dirty Love 	
6.  My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama 	
7.  Cosmik Debris 	
8.  Trouble Every Day
9.  Disco Boy  	
10. Fine Girl 	
11. Sexual Harassment in the Workplace 	
12. Let's Make the Water Turn Black 	
13. I'm the Slime 	Listen
14. Joe's Garage [Single Version] 	
15. Tell Me You Love Me 	
16. Montana [Single Version] 	
17. Valley Girl (With Moon Unit Zappa) 	
18. Be in My Video 	
19. Muffin Man 


Enjoy & please don't forget to SEED!