Be patient ... it's a big torrent ... and SEED SEED SEED!!  Thanks!

-----

DVDRip. Thanks to original uploader.  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0233110/

Irish television miniseries first broadcast in 1980; adaptation of the classic Irish novel.  6 episodes, 60 minutes each.
-----
Strumpet City (1969) is a historical novel by James Plunkett set in Dublin, Ireland, at the time of the Dublin Lockout. In 1980, it was made into a successful TV drama by Radio Telefís Éireann, Ireland's national broadcaster.

The novel is an epic, tracing the lives of a dozen characters as they are swept up in the tumultuous events that affected Dublin between 1907 and 1914. It was immensely popular when it was published, although a very conventional novel and sometimes laboured; the writing is direct and powerfully evokes the terrible poverty and the peculiar intimacy of pre-independence Dublin. One theme is the essential goodness of people and the tenderness which survives the brutality of deprivation. The popularity of the novel also owes something to events in Ireland in the early '70s, as the Troubles made the more traditional iconography of the insurrectionary period troublesome and economic success that fostered nostalgia for the mythical vanishing Dublin of tenements, working class heroes, and vagrant balladeers.

Two years in the making, Strumpet City has been RTÉ's most ambitious and expensive production to date. The script was written by Hugh Leonard, and Peter O'Toole played Jim Larkin, the union leader. The cast also included Cyril Cusack as the alcoholic priest, Father Giffley, Donal McCann as the Larkin supporter, Mulhall, and David Kelly as the destitute "Rashers" Tierney. Frank Grimes won a Jacob's Award for his portrayal of the young Catholic curate, Father O'Connor.

Made by Irish TV, Strumpet City is a drama of real epic scope following a likeable group of characters across Dublin in the early 1900's. From trade unionist Fitz to the larrakin Rashers Tierney, then there is country girl Mary who believes Dublin is full of streets paved with gold; Whilst Father Giffley watches over it all with an air of weariness.