Note:

This folder was scanned for viruses etc using the popular malwarebytes anti-malware
scanner and using the comprehensive rogers ISP subscription based anti-virus
program. Clean at launch.


DivXMux is a godsent for folks that want to add a second audio track in their own 
language to a movie file they have downloaded. In fact it used to take DivX author
5 or more hours to do this, when DivXmux (from DivX labs) takes only five minutes
or less!

We have plans for example to make avialbel audio tracks in Fremch or Polish
German, Italian Spanish or what have you - for movie files that have previously
launched - where we feel there is a need or where we are made aware there is one.

Imagine downloading your DivX movie file, and then adding an audio track separately
downloaded to match your movie file, and get the files combins in just moments!

If the movie file you downloaded has an audio sync error in a second track perhaps
(given dubs are sometimes that way by accident perhaps) you can re-import the
audio file with an offset of plus/minus 1000 milliseconds at a time (at the moment
anyways).

You will need to download netframe 1.1 as that is the specific version that is
required although it may co-exist with a later version we are told. Its about
26megs, free from the Microsoft website.

I dont suggest you need to learn "command line utilities" as all you need to do
is see the simple menu screen above. (The DivXMux GUI menu as its called).

Simply pick the video file to begin with and then select the source of audio
tracks (which can come from the same video file - other such video files, or an
mp3 file separately obtained perhaps)and moments later - voila! A new video file
is created with the changes made!

Often in the old days DivX author used to mislabel a 720 X480 file as a 640 X480
DivX author said so each time the file was re-openede in the DivX author edits section, or using avi-recomp or what have you! If DivXmux finds this is the 
case, it too corrects the header to 720 X 480 so that the Divx author anomaly 
is repaired.

Visit the autors site on the net if you have more quesions, although Ill try o
help if you wish, with quesions that I am able to address with our limited
use of this product- although its been great for what we have seen it do
with our older DivX fles that needed second audio track additions.


To install:

1) download and install Netframe 1.1 from the Microsoft site as indicated
2) install the DivXgui installer in the downloaded folder

You should be set! (Worls on subtitle tracks too)


good luck and cheers!

Michael Rizzo 


We are busy seeding ur movies so please bear with us on the speed
at the present time and please share!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! merci

















