Buratino.2009.DVDrip.iNTERNAL.XviD-BPDcarrier

Video: 2CDs, XviD video, widescreen, 25fps

Audio: 2 audiotracks: Estonian (AC3 5.1) and Russian (AC3 2.0)

Extras: making of, both sounds as external stereo MP3s 
http://www.buratinofilm.com/  

In one autumn night Maria Carlo, a single woman, wishes for a child. Upon fulfilling her wish, a magic seed from out of space flies into the room impregnating her. And into this world a strange wooden boy is born, whom the overjoyed mother names Buratino.Buratino grows to be an ordinary teenage brat, who doesn’t live quite up to his mother’s expectations. Artemon, Pierrot and Toivo, his awkward friends, all play in a band and occasionally sell Mamma Carlo’s buns in the part of town where rich people live. They usually create a disturbance, mock the police and look for inspiration for the songs of their band up there.
Airily wandering young delinquents fail to notice that a giant skyscraper has been erected in downtown, where Carabas Barabas, a malevolent billionaire, has set up a trap, for only to find a boy-bomb – a boy, who is half wooden, half human, inside of whom grow millions of magic seeds. When Carabas Barabas’ world conquering plans cross paths with the pranks of Buratino and his friends, a chaos ensues, the like of which the town has never seen before. A whole world is on the verge of peril, while winning the heart of Malvina, a gorgeous daughter of Carabas Barabas, is up for grabs. Buratino accepts the challenge!
„Buratino“ is a trash-comedy, full of explosions and songs, targeted first and foremost at those suffering in their teens. The film, loosely based on Alexey Tolstoy’s renowned children’s book „The Golden Key“, is made in collaboration with Estonia and Russia.

Ühel sügisööl soovib üksik naisterahvas Maria Carlo endale last. Tema soovi kuulda võttes lendab kosmosest tuppa võluseeme ja naine jääbki rasedaks. Ilmavalgust näeb imelik puust poiss, kelle ema suurest rõõmust Buratinoks nimetab.

Buratinost kasvab tüüpiline teismeline lontrus, kes ema esialgsetele ootustele sugugi ei vasta. Tema kahtlased sõbrad Artemon, Pierrot ja Toivo teevad koos Buratinoga bändi ning käivad rikaste linnaosas Mamma Carlo saiu müümas, külvates segadust, mõnitades politseid ja otsides inspiratsiooni oma bändi lugude tarvis.

Muretult ringi trallitades ei pane noored huligaanid tähelegi, et keset linna on kerkinud hiiglaslik pilvelõhkuja, kus pesitsev kuri miljardär Carabas Barabas on üles seadnud lõksu, et leida üles poiss-pomm – poiss, kes on pooleldi puu, pooleldi inimene ning kelle sees valmivad miljonid võluseemned.
Kui Carabas Barabasi maailmavallutusplaanid ristuvad Buratino ja tema sõprade viguritega, tekib kaos, mille sarnast linn varem näinud pole. Ohus on terve maailm ja võita on Carabas Barabasi kaunitarist tütre Malvina süda. Buratino võtab väljakutse vastu!


Visitit my account:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/eestiasi      

Estonian music & audiobooks download:  http://kuldkalake2.co.cc/

No credit for me...credit to EVERYONE for sharing!