Old Dog And Partridge - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 7 via DVB-T
6 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo 




Joe Turner’s successful blend of character and situation comedy set in the titular pub, an establishment run by Jack with assistance from his estranged but recently-returned daughter Nicola. 

Mrs Drummond, who constituted the rest of the bar staff, and Andy, a regular who carried a bit of a torch for Nicola. .



01 - Landlord Jack gets an offer from his daughter Nicola to help run his pub, but his reaction is not what she's expecting.

02 - Jack and Nicola struggle to re-establish their father/daughter bond. She breaks his favourite bowl, but is that all she's broken? 

03 - Nicola is on the verge of romance and Andy is on the verge of being found out. 

04 - Jack's birthday coincides with the arrival of 'The Silver Fox', a seemingly innocuous boyfriend for Mrs D. 

05 - When Jack's old chum Ralph comes to visit with his trophy wife Kirstie, Jack feels the need to invent a fiancée.

06 - Jack has flu, Nicola is in charge of the pub and the inspectors are due. Will their tenuous father-daughter bond survive?




Cast:
Michael Williams as Jack 
Lisa Coleman as Nicola 
Cherry Morris as Mrs Drummond 
Simon Greenall as Andy 
Toby Longworth 
Sally Grace 
Fine Time Fontayne as the Silver Fox
John Duttine 
Debra Stephenson 



Old Dog And Partridge - S01 - E01
Old Dog And Partridge - S01 - E02
Old Dog And Partridge - S01 - E03
Old Dog And Partridge - S01 - E04
Old Dog And Partridge - S01 - E05
Old Dog And Partridge - S01 - E06


Audio Format : MP3
Duration Approx : 28mn 54s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits


[


[b]A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them[/b]

.