This is a truly great book so, despite the fact that it is already quite well-spread on the web, I decided to make a PDF with bookmarks what makes it very convenient to use - enjoy it.

Number of pages: 1328
Publisher: Wiley; 8 edition (March 9, 2007)

Engaging students and teaching students to think critically isn’t easy! The new Eighth Edition of Halliday, Resnick and Walker has been strategically revised to conquer this challenge. Every aspect of this revision is focused on engaging students, supporting critical thinking and moving students to the next level physics understanding.

Key to Halliday 8e’s support for critical thinking and development of understanding physics concepts is Jearl Walker’s modern voice and leadership on the author team, and the simultaneous publication of his long-awaited revision of The Flying Circus of Physics. From chapter opening Puzzlers to end of chapter problems, Flying Circus material has been integrated throughout HRW 8e to catch students’ attention, engage them, and force students to solve the underlying real world physics phenomenon and concepts, before they begin the more quantitative portion of the content or problem. New problem types in WileyPLUS help move students away from rote memorization and pattern recognition, and allow instructors to assess physics understanding.

Jearl Walker is both an active teacher, who understands the challenges faced in today’s classroom, and a world renown communicator of science to general public. His popular book, The Flying Circus of Physics, has been translated into at least 10 languages, and has just published in its second edition. For 16 years he toured his fun-filled Flying Circus lecture throughout the U.S. and Canada. These lectures led to his national PBS television show, Kinetic Karnival, which ran for several years and won him a local Emmy Award. During his 13 years as a columnist with Scientific American magazine, Dr. Walker wrote 152 articles for "The Amateur Scientist" section. He has appeared countless times on television (including The Tonight Show) and radio and in newspapers and magazines.

See the detailed description here: 
http://he-cda.wiley.com/WileyCDA/HigherEdTitle/productCd-0471758019,courseCd-PH1200,pageType-copy,page-tableOfContents.html

The Solutions Manual and Study Guide for this course can be found on Demonoid (although they are not bookmarked).