Step Brothers                                                      Rel. 9/22/2008


Format:        DVD5 Movie NTSC
Lang.:         English, French
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Rated:         R
Genre:         Comedy
Source:        Original DVD9 Retail Movie.
Removed:       Theatrical Version, Previews.
Conversion:    DVD9 To DVD5
Captions/Sub:  English, French
Requirements:  DVD Player


Compressed with 7Zip, Tested Working.


- Movie Info -
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0838283/



Important: The screen will be blank for about 15 seconds after the sony pictures 
           logo then will start just be patient and don't worry about it.



Release Notes: Converted from Full DVD9 Movie to DVD5. Perfect Quality,
               The Theatrical Version had to be removed to free up space 
               and to prevent pixelation. Your not missing anything 
               the Extended Version is the same movie but just has a few 
               extra scenes added. (Trying to Play Theatrical Version goes 
               back to preview menu so does selecting Play movie at other menus
               other than the Main Menu). At main menu go to Play Movie and 
               select Extended Version. If choosing your language or subtitle
               you still have to go back to the main menu to play the movie 
               (Extended Version) for that option, same with commentary.




Description:

Director - Adam McKay

Writers - Will Ferrell, Adam Mckay, John C. Reilly.

Two aimless middle-aged losers still living at home are forced against their will 
to become roommates when their parents get married. 

Brennan Huff (Will Ferrell) and Dale Doback (John Reilly) are both about 40 when Brennan's mom and Dale's dad marry. The sons still live with the parents so they must now share a room. Initial antipathy threatens the household's peace and the parents' relationship. Dad lays down the law: both slackers have a week to find a job. Out of the job search and their love of music comes a pact that leads to friendship but more domestic disarray compounded by the boys' sleepwalking. Hovering nearby are Brennan's successful brother and his lonely wife: the brother wants to help sell his step-father's house, the wife wants Dale's attention, and the newlyweds want to retire and sail the seven seas. Can harmony come from the discord?


Pics Included.


Burn ISO to your DVD media watch in your DVD player, or Computer.

(You can mount The iso to, to play on your computer).



Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		