2010!!! Version!!!! Part 7

1 All about building your web potal
2 Recruiting your downline
3 E-book marketing guides
4 Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Guides
5 Pay Per Click (PPC) Guides
6 Technical Guides and Tutorials
7 Alternative Marketing Methods

1 All about building your web-portal First Steps to success.pdf
A simple easy to read guide to help all new affiliates on there way, once you 

have read this guide - work your way through the rest of these free guides 

and get promoting.
Use all the resources we give you to make as much money as possible, use the 

forum, the free design service, or contact our specialists. With all this 

there is no reason why, with some work on your behalf you cannot succeed.

1 All about building your website2 Succesfully Launching and marketing your 

First Website.pdf
This guide is an absolute must. Whether you are completely new or a seasoned 

marketer it will have something for you. A step by step introduction to help 

you establish your strategy, choosing the right type of site, hosting, 

gaining oodles of traffic and making lots of sales!.
There is a wealth of information here to get you started today or improve 

what you are already doing. The guide takes you from day 1 as a new MoreNiche 

affiliate through to when you become on of our top converting webmasters. 

Lets get rolling!

1 All about building your website3 Creating a site that sells.pdf
This guide will introduce you to the art of writing effective copy that will 

give you the best chance of converting your visitor into a sale.
Discover how to create attention, interest, invoke emotion and create action 

in the form of sales. This document will also give you some general tips on 

what helps a site convert like crazy.

1 All about building your website4 Duplicate Content.pdf
You may have heard "content is king" on the internet. Well the opposite can 

be said of duplicate content.
This guide will show you how to take full advantage of MN's huge content 

archive and avoid search engines penalizing your site for duplicate articles. 

Its easier than you think - so step right in!.

1 All about building your website5 How To Rewrite Articles.pdf
OK, so we've learned the importance of avoiding duplicate content in your 

website.
The following guide is an excellent resource that describes helpful tips to 

rewrite content quickly and effectively.

1 All about building your website6 How To Format Articles.pdf
In this step by step guide you will learn how to transform dry, unformatted 

articles into more attractive and readable text.
You really can improve the effectiveness of your pages through effective 

formatting in a short amount of time, this guide will give you all the right 

tips.

1 All about building your website7 Comparison Charts.pdf
Comparison charts are an effective way to compare different products and 

highlight specific qualities of one product over another.
As with any marketing technique, there are many approaches to present the 

information through design, this guide takes you through quite a few

2 Recruiting your downline1 Build Massive Downline Using Forums.pdf
Building a large downline is a sure fire way to earn multiple incremental 

revenue streams from the webmasters you refer to MoreNiche Affil ate program.
Discover how to use signatures, forums and effective posting so you 

continuously make cash bonuses and extra commission. Refer a super affiliate 

and you can sit back and make money every month for doing nothing at all!

3 E-book marketing guides1 E-Books That Make Killer Affiliate Profits.pdf
Multiply your earnings 5 x! A fantastic way to quickly start putting your 

affiliate links out there straight away - e-books can make you literally 

thousands every month. Utilize E-bay, P2P networks and double opt in mailing 

lists to distribute ebooks around the net.
Use this guide to its full potential and you can generate an ever increasing 

number of HUGE sales from traffic streams outside you usual affiliate 

promotions.

3 E-book marketing guides2 Nitro PDF.pdf
This little guide will show you how you can edit links using a free program 

called Nitro PDF.

3 E-book marketing guides3 Working With Templates And NVU.pdf
In MN affiliate resources, we have provided over 100 web site templates for 

you to download and edit yourself. If you are not ready to invest in a 

professional web site editor, then we recommend NVU.
We have made it so easy for you. Just download this free software and install 

to your PC, and this guide will take you through the simple steps required to 

edit your web site and get those sales rolling in

4 Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Guides1 SEO.pdf
This guide helps both novice and advanced website creators get there sites 

both listed in the search engines and also improve current rankings.
If you struggle with any of the terminology used here you can talk to us 

directly via the forum or the staff booking system.

4 Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Guides2 Web Strategies.pdf
You should treat affiliate marketing as your own business. The key to success 

is a well thought out and potent strategy to dominate your market sector.
This guide will give you all the information you need to expand your market 

share and capture more web traffic than ever before. More traffic means more 

sales!.

4 Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Guides3 SEO Made Easy.pdf
This guy is an authority on SEO techniques. Luckily for us, he has kindly 

sang like a little sing bird and given up a lot of the best techniques for 

optimizing your sites.
Get your site listed in Google in less than 24 hrs, hit the number 1 spot, 

and much more. Read on....

4 Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Guides4 Link Strategy.pdf
Links are the most important element after content on the internet! Why? 

Because this is how the internet world is tied together – through links.
This guide will explain key factors about links and how to use them in the 

right way for acquiring good rankings in search engines.

4 Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Guides5 Metatag Optimization.pdf
This guide helps both novice and advanced website creators in editing your 

Meta Tags to get the best out of visiting search engines, this also means you 

will potentially achieve a higher ranking in the search engine listings.
You can also get listed with the correct keywords and descriptions to attract 

the correct visitors. This guide also shows you other clever things you can 

put into your meta tags which will help with getting search engines back to 

visit your sites or add other information that some people are not aware off.

5 Pay Per Click (PPC) Guides1 Google AdWords Made Easy.pdf
Pay per click traffic is a swift and effective way of promoting your site and 

targeting buyers
This guide from Brad Callen is an excellent introduction to PPC advertising 

to get you on your way. You can start promoting with PPC and our feeder site 

facility today.

6 Technical Guides and Tutorials1 How to Hide Links.pdf
Ok, we're getting a little deeper now...
This guide provides solutions on how to hide affiliate links. There are a 

number of benefits to doing this; the following guide will take you through 

some of the available options and the associated advantages

6 Technical Guides and Tutorials2 Feeder sites.pdf
We have gone one better than any other affiliate program once again and now 

offer our affiliates pre-built feeder site to promote, these site convert at 

rates as low as 1/20 and this means that you don't even need to design a 

website to start promoting MoreNiche sites.
These sites are proven to convert, we deal with the hosting and the bandwidth 

costs, we keep them converting and we update the content daily. All you need 

to do is add the unique linking code into your existing sites or your PPC 

campaigns.

6 Technical Guides and Tutorials3 Tracking Campaigns.pdf
This guide helps both novice and advanced website creators setup campaign 

linking code, perfect for people who want to track advertising, or see how 

well certain areas of one site convert or even how well individual sites 

convert if you have a large network of sites.
This is a must if you run Pay Per Click campaigns (outlines above) so you can 

track just how well certain keywords convert over other keywords, this will 

help you have money and increase your Return On Investment.

6 Technical Guides and Tutorials4 How To Make Screenshots.pdf
This article explains how to create screenshots and resize them.
Screenshots have many benefits. They visually enrich the article or the 

review page and familiarize visitors with the website they are about to 

visit.

7 Alternative Marketing Methods1 How To Use Video.pdf
Video is fast becoming a popular medium on the net as bandwidth speeds 

increase. You can effectively engage your visitor with video and even make 

your own ads for next to nothing.
This guide will reveal how to create your own unique ads and promos using 

free software and where to submit your creations to for maximum effect and 

exposure.

7 Alternative Marketing Methods2 Social Bookmarking.pdf
This little guide will show you how you can use social bookmarking (web 2.0) 

sites to your benefit. 		

