F   A  Q  :  http://www.soundspectrum.com/g-force/faq.html


The ultimate G-Force
with all the features of
G-Force Gold and more!

G-Force Screen Saver
New G-Force Screen Saver included in Platinum to make your screen sizzle.

G-Force Standalone
Visualizes any audio source, including CD’s/DVD’s, internet radio, microphone, auxiliary line-in support for live music, etc.

Multi-Player Support
Multi-Player support for all the popular music players:

    * Windows Media Player
    * iTunes
    * Musicmatch
    * jetAudio
    * Winamp
    * many others


DOC$ : 

Welcome to G-Force

G-Force is a music visualizer for media players and can also visualize auxiliary or "line-in" audio. G-Force features fast anti-aliased visuals, millions of possible effect combinations, savable and scriptable effects, and unparalleled expandability. G-Force is designed to entertain you on its own, but there are many ways it can be customized and extended.


	
Quick Tips

Frequent questions are answered in the FAQ and troubleshooting sections.

When G-Force is running, right-click (or control-click) on the G-Force window. You can:

    * Launch the G-Force Toolbar (lets you control and customize G-Force)
    * Launch the G-Force V-Bar (lets you enjoy G-Force from other applications)
    * Switch audio input sources
    * Display the G-Force hotkey list
    * Enter full screen mode
    * Take screen shots


To maximize frame rate:

    * Exit background tasks (virus scanners, file sharing, system monitoring)
    * Disable audio extensions (e.g, sound equalizers, audio filters, "DSPs")
    * Disable CPU energy-saving features


Installation

      iTunes

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start iTunes.
         3. In the View menu, select Visualizer -> G-Force.
         4. In the View menu, select Turn On Visualizer.


      Winamp 2.x/5.x

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start Winamp.
         3. Press CTRL+K (or right click and select Visualization -> Select plug-in), select G-Force, and press the Start button.


      Windows Media Player

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start Windows Media Player.
         3. Press the Now Playing tab (or enter any mode that displays the visualizer).
         4. If G-Force does not appear, ensure that it's selected (Options -> Plug-ins -> Visualization).
         5. Note: WMP only passes keystrokes to plugins while in fullscreen mode.


      Google Sidebar

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start Google Desktop and open the Google Sidebar.
         3. If the G-Force Sidebar Gadget does not automatically appear, please select Add Gadgets from the Google Sidebar menu and type G-Force within the Search bar (you will then be presented with an option to Add G-Force).
         4. Note: by default, G-Force will visualize your primary audio source, so you need to be playing a song in order for G-Force to have some audio to visualize.


      J. River MEDIA CENTER

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start J. River MEDIA CENTER and start playing a song.
         3. From the Player menu, select Display Options -> Display Plugin -> G-Force.
         4. Click on the Playing Now heading (upper-left).


      RealPlayer

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start RealPlayer and start playing a song.
         3. From the View menu, select Choose Visualization -> G-Force.


      MediaMonkey

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start MediaMonkey and start playing a song.
         3. From the View menu, select Configure Visualization.


      Musicmatch Jukebox

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start Musicmatch Jukebox.
         3. From the View menu, select Visualizations -> G-Force.


      jetAudio

         1. Run the G-Force installer.
         2. Start jetAudio.
         3. Press the Visual button, select Config Visualization, and select G-Force.
         4. Start G-Force (Visual button -> Start/Stop Visualization).

