He Is Risen (Animated Christian Movie)


He is Risen is the story of the greatest miracle of all, the resurrection of Jesus. Sorrow and despair at the Lord's crucifixion become complete joy and love as the disciples behold their resurrected Master three days later. The events of the real story of Easter teach of the atonement and resurrection, providing hope to Christians around the world. A young boy, Daniel, witnesses the death of Jesus by crucifixion on Calvary where a Roman Centurion confirms, "Truly this man was the son of God." Storms rage and an earthquake shakes the land at Jesus' death. Daniel hurries back to the Disciples, who are hiding from Roman soldiers, with the news of Jesus' death. Meanwhile, Joseph of Arimathaea and Nicodemus prepare Jesus' body, bury it in a tomb cut into a hillside and cover the entrance with a huge stone. Caiaphas, the Pharisee high priest, visits Pontius Pilate, counseling Pilate to seal the tomb since Jesus' followers said He would rise from death on the third day. Pilate agrees and posts guards, but angels appear and the tomb splits open in a glorious burst of light. Jesus first appears to Mary Magdalene when she visits the empty tomb. ThenJesus appears to the Disciples. He entrusts Simon Peter to take care of His"lambs and sheep", and preaches for 40 days, asking His followers to teach Hiswords to all peoples, everywhere. His mission on earth completed, Jesus ascends into heaven in a stirring climax to the video, telling His followers He will come again. "Come quickly, Lord Jesus," says the boy Daniel. "I'll always be watching for You."
 
Runtime: 31 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 1988
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 9/10 

If financially possible, please buy this CD/DVD to keep Christian films in business. If Christians won't buy Christian films then who will?

Please seed. Let each one of us who call ourself Christians seed 2-3 movies each. So that these movies may become a blessing to all those who are hungry for God's word & grace. May Jesus bless all those who are seeding the christian torrents.

PS: If you need any specific christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! 
He has done all he could. 
Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian	

