Greetings fellow porn fans, it seems the parody is all the rage these days in porn with so many shows receiving the XXX treatment and the latest one I've had a look at is Seinfeld. I was indeed a fan of the show though not a religious viewer. Everyone who was a fan I'm sure has moments they'll remember and this title here centers on one character that made quite a mark during the shows run, I am speaking of the Soup Nazi but since this is porn he undergoes a little change and is memorably portrayed by Evan Stone.

The main characters are still here from Jerry to Cramer to Elaine to George, even Newman makes an appearance! Though for the purposes of this parody they've slightly changed the names-- what to protect the innocent, lol. Not sure why the need for name alterations since just about every other parody I've seen uses the same character names but oh well let's not dwell on that for to long. Now you wonder who's in this perhaps, well we get James Deen as Gerry pronounced like Gary and the ultra hot and funny Kristina Rose puts her stamp all over Elaine as Elaina. Eric John is cast as Crammer aka like to Cram a nail through the wall and we get a nonsex actor taking on the George role. Now you might recall from watching the Seinfeld show they had a regular place to hang out besides Jerry's pad, a diner but for this parody we go the opposite way and set their outside activities in a porn shop-- always get an outside shot before heading inside. Now once in there this is where Evan comes in because he's the proprietor of this establishment and paralleling in one respect the soup nazi character we have the patrons coming up and giving specific and brief descriptions of the porn they want and Evan hands it out-- but if you fuck up or piss him-- guess what, No Porn For You!! So basically when things aren't cooking at Gerry's pad the porn shoppe is where it's at.

Now speaking of Gerry's pad I was struck by how accurate it was in relation to what you saw on the mainstream show. There's a bike hanging on the wall, you have the row of cereal boxes in the kitchen and even the walkway area into the bedroom had me thinking of the show. Of course you have Crammer walking in uninvited a few times just as on the real show. As good as Evan was in portraying his role I have to give it up to James Deen for embodying the character of Seinfeld from the hairstyle to his dress, you know the jeans and blue shirt. They also have James doing some monologue schtick on the stage a couple times like on the show. Major kudos too for Kristina Rose who just knocks it out of the park as Elaina, the hairstyle, the business suit/ skirt and the manner in which she talked were great nods to Julia Louis-Dreyfus.

Now that I've set the stage somewhat for the show here, the characters I think some attention should be paid to the sex. We start off with a blockbuster of a scene too. All those who clamored for Jerry and Elaine to boink, well now you get your chance as they hit us fast with these two hooking up at Gerry's place. He was watching a porno-- it seems all the main characters have a lust for the XXX flick. Well Elaina was there too and she noticed along with Gerry how good the action was and this gets them both hot'n'bothered and they bang one out. Now I've seen James and Kristina work together in the past and this scene had the same chemistry right from the start, you'll love the dirty talk coming from Kristina as James blasts her pussy into submission, I lost count of the orgasms she has. No anal but lots of good action here. We stay with Miss Rose for the next scene as she returns to the Porn Nazi's shop to try and get another tape but she's thrwarted again by Evan but he's got a sexy assistant, London Keyes, who wants a raise, isn't getting one so she offers to help Kristina overthrow Evan but she'll need a little something something for her troubles. So we get our second Kristina scene as she has a ball playing and sucking on London's tits and eating her pussy. Each girl has some fun before this one's done including some toy play. Sadly this is the last sex action for Kristina in the flick, the other girls will have a lot to measure up to after her two fine scenes.

Well we move to another of the main characters, Crammer, who like the others loves porn but wants to make one himself and as his luck would have it he stumbles onto a set where we have Sasha Grey and Sadie West getting real cozy and we're treated to some fine g/g before the cameraman turns, see's Crammer and says ok it's time dude get in there but he doesn't realize Crammer just walked on and isn't talent. This doesn't deter our guy though and he is more than willing to step on and live the dream, getting sucked off by both girls before laying pipe and blasting his seed across both asses in the end. So we have Crammer living his dream but he also wants to direct so he uses Gerry's place to set his scene which will also help out George who's having problems with his girl Suzanne but it turns out he won't be fucking her, nope we have male talent brought in in the form of Tony DeSergio. This pisses off George who storms out of the apartment, another moment that reminded me of the show. Having him gone we're treated to Tony and Natalie Norton banging one out-- the sex was good but we've seen better as this flicks gone on, hard to compete with Sasha, Sadie and Kristina but Natalie does pretty good!

I've not even touched on Ashlynn Brooke yet!! Yeah the other big contract hottie for New Sensations graces the screen in this one though not in one of the main character roles. She's Regina but it's pronounced Ragina like Vagina, lol. I gather she and Gerry have a bit of history but he's so put off at times at her ability to seemingly get off at the most mundane of things and this leads to some funny lines from him and Ashlynn for her part has fun with the role and she looks damn fine in the blue top and black skirt. We do get to see Miss Brooke fuck too, she's not just a pretty and funny face in this one and in a nice twist she's the one who gets the Porn Nazi Evan Stone to drop his guard just a bit and they two fuck in the backroom of his store-- I thought it funny too they used VHS boxes in this one for the porn but in thinking about it in between admiring Ashlynn's tits I recalled the show being set in the 1990's where VHS was king so it made sense. Anyway we get some fine ass views for Ashlynn's romp from her boobs to that ass ending with a facial for Ash with a bit of cleanup. Not long after we get Elaina getting her final revenge as she got the goods on Evan and he's out and she's in, WTG Elaina.

We still have one more scene to enjoy and it takes us to Gerry doing a standup routine where he gets off on boobs, why girls get boob jobs, why guys love tits, on and on. He gets interrupted by a fan who turns out he knows and it's Cassandra Calogera-- hell yeah now we're talking tits!! No worries fans as we get lots of great boobage here and the sex does it too including a great breast flopping reverse cowgirl. So there you have it, a solid parody of a much loved show-- about nothing remember but this porn will be remembered for some funny lines, some good sets and lots of hot girls-- Kristina set the bar high and not sure if any other girl met her energy but we had some fine ladies here getting cock and some pussy to enjoy. Now we have a separate disc for the extras which does include a bonus scene and for a change it's another scene for this movie or actually the sequel or more accurately the in between movies scene as Shawna Lenee is here to audition and we have Eric John aka Crammer back to put this pretty girl through her paces so enjoy. You also have outtakes which could be a more PC word for bloopers, lol. You also have BTS which lasts 24 minutes and finally you can enjoy the comedic talents of James Deen as he offers up one final joke monologue, just over a minutes worth. This is an easy rental for parody fans, fans of any girl cast in this. You see plenty of nods to the show, I'm sure I missed some, we do get the Newman/ Jerry utterance from both guys just remembered that. I wouldn't mind seeing another one if this one does well and I think it should so keep a look out for another XXX dvd about nothing, lol.