Live Evil (2009)

Video Codec....: XviD-1.2.2
Video Bitrate..: 860 kbps
Audio Codec....: MP3 VBR Stereo
Audio Bitrate..: 135 kbps
Aspect Ratio...: 1.81:1
Resolution.....: 640 x 352
Frame Rate.....: 25.000 fps
Genre..........: Horror
Runtime........: 97 mins
RAR Count......: 50x15
Audio Language.: English
Subtitles......: English (CC)
DVD Date.......: N/A
Release Date...: 05.03.2010
Theater Date...: N/A

A hunter dressed in black. This cowboy-hat-wearing samurai-sword-wielding Priest is on a quest for blood. Vampire blood. He's out for revenge on a "clique" of four vampires who are traveling across country in search of "pure blood." The human blood stream has become polluted by drugs, alcohol, Aids, Diabetes, anti-depressants, cigarettes, anything that changes the blood even a small amount makes it undrinkable for Vampires, who, like hi-performance automobiles need "hi test" fuel= Blood in order to survive. This has started a sort of underground civil war between various groups of vampires and vampires themselves have mutated due to the pollution of their life blood. Live Evil is what is written on playing cards left behind on the bodies of dead vampires that this mysterious Priest/Hunter leaves in his wake as he gets closer and closer to our main group of vampires. He's out for revenge and the real reason for this is not revealed until the very end. He's as cold blooded or more than the vampire he seeks, because he has to be. The Leader of the group of Vampires is Benedict, the "oldest' of the group he's seen the rise and fall of the vampires and is out to protect his small family of vampires. He's also in love with one of the two females in his group, Sydney. Sydney is a sexy but equally ravenous vampire who is becoming more and more out of control. Yael is the youngest of the group and the most enthusiastic and inexperienced, of these vampires; her recklessness could threaten their group's existence. Also part of the group is the acerbic Baxter, an Irish former silent movie star, who became a vampire in order to stay young forever only to have his career ruined when sound films came in. His bitterness and Yael's young enthusiasm create more tension for Benedict to try to control. This clique is constantly trying to find pure bloods for food and also on the run from The Priest who gets closer and closer to them with every mile as they travel to Los Angeles to find a Blood Dealer, Max, a man who "pushes" blood stolen from hospitals to vampire clients. In a wild opening sequence car chase the Priest's car flips over and his right leg is injured so severely that he must hijack a ride from Roxy. A tough woman who doesn't know if the Priest is just insane or if there really are vampires. As the two grudging companions get to know each other The Priest learns that Roxy is a "pure blood" and realizes that he must do more than just seek revenge, he must not care for another human being for the first time in his life. Neither Vampires, nor Vampire Hunter Priest take prisoners in this increasingly frenzied cat and mouse game. It's a bloody trail of bodies, both human and vampires, that climaxes in an abandoned church in the barren desert. Written by Jay Woelfel 
Director: Jay Woelfel
Writer: Jay Woelfel (adaptation)
Genre: horror
User Reviews The Priest (Tim Thomerson, "Dollman") has made it his life's goal to hunt down and kill every last vampire, not fearing a life of sin in exchange for the destruction of pure, living evil ("ago malum" in Latin). But the vampires have to live, too, and things aren't so easy for them.

The horror genre tends to get very repetitive and dry. Year after year we get new zombie and vampire flicks, and as much as I love zombies and vampires, most of these films simply are not necessary. This does not, however, apply to "Live Evil". Presented here is a new twist that I have not previously encountered.

On some level, there's some recognizable themes here... a man on a quest to hunt down bloodsuckers. The idea that vampires shrivel up and starve if not fed (though, they seem to die faster here than, say, Lestat in "Interview with the Vampire"). There's some discussion of the effects of sunlight. So, traditional vampire fans are going to relate to this film on that level.

But there's also an interesting environmental message. The vampires have difficulty devouring human blood if it contains disease or drugs. At one point, a female vampire makes the parallel that mankind had polluted the air and water and have now turned to their own blood. There is something true in this. While we don't want our blood devoured by vampires, there is something to be said about purity. Though, if dirty blood offers protection, what does dirty air and water provide? It's an interesting question.

Beyond Thomerson, horror fans will love the cast. Ken Foree is Max, a powerful vampire, and Tiffany Shepis is Spider, a vampire groupie (whose role is sadly much too small). And the blood. Oh my! Heads chopped in half, blood spraying from necks, vampires vomiting bad blood... This film has its flaws (the female lead isn't a great actress, for example) but will capture your imagination.

I recommend this film to all vampire and/or horror fans. It's a great antidote to the clean, fluffy image of "Twilight"... let's keep horror and bloodsucking gritty. "Live Evil" succeeds at this. please seed enjoy