SKIRMANTAS SASNAUSKAS & ALGIRDAS KLOVA - Witches'Tales - 2002 
(Lossless (FLAC) + cue, HQ album artwork included)

___

Skirmantas Sasnauskas
A trombonist, bagpiper, multi-instrumentalist, composer and singer, Skirmantas Sasnauskas displays an incredibly rich array of expressive means and a broad musical purview, encompassing traditional jazz, free, fusion, avant-garde experiments, as well as various forms of synthesis between jazz and folk, jazz and new music. He is best known for developing an entirely original style that incorporates the elements and timbres of Lithuanian folk music. Skirmantas Sasnauskas has been active on Lithuanian jazz scene since 1986. He has performed with nearly all of the most distinguished Lithuanian jazz musicians. Quite a few of the now famous Lithuanian jazz performers have been nurtured in his groups. With diverse stylistic experience in the past, Skirmantas Sasnauskas is now turning towards simplicity and melodic beauty. Voice often becomes his prime instrument, especially due to its instrumental treatment.

Text: Jūratė Kučinskaitė

Algirdas Klova
Algirdas Klova is a versatile composer and performer. An enthusiast of authentic Lithuanian folk music, playing fiddle and other instruments in his own folk groups, he is equally active in other genres bordering on folk music, such as country and world music. Besides, he is well-known as an author of compositions of jazz and pop, as well as academic music; and the special flavour of old Lithuanian folk songs (particularly their unique polyphonic variety sutartinės) is often present in his diverse work.

___

The joint project arose from a desire to combine authentic Lithuanian folklore with modern jazz, archaic instruments and electronic sounds as well as pure Lithuanian voices with other natural instruments.

Stories about the witches
Once upon a time witches lived near the lakes and hills. People used to believe they were wicked but sometimes they also did good things If they found a lost child, they would rock him and sing the most beautiful songs to him ...

Tracklist:

1. Pasakojimai (Stories)
2. Atajoja Raitas (Comes Astride a Horse)
3. Baladė (A Ballad)
4. Miškas (The Woods)
5. Sveika Gyva (Hello!)
6. Burtai (Magic)
7. Sutartinė (A Round)
8. Duetas Ir Finalas (Duet and Finale)
9. Vieversėli Maž Paukšteli (Oh Lark, Little Bird)

Total play: 41:36


Recorded March 1994 at Lituanus Studio, Vilnius
Sound engineer: Eugenijus Motiejunas Digital remastering: Skirmantas Sasnauskas
Photos: Jonas Staselis
Cover art: Marius Jonutis
Design: Valdas H. Neimantas
©® 2002 JUOSTA RECORDS
JUOSTA RECORDS
Zygimantii 6,
2600 Vilnius, Lietuva
Tel: (+370 5) 212 33 58
Fax: (+370 5) 212 57 15
E-mail: headq@bomba.lt
JUOSTA RECORDS is a trademark of JSC BOMBA

___

Keywords: folk, neofolk, post-folk, folklore, Skirmantas Sasnauskas, Algirdas Klova, Witches'Tales, Laumių sakmės, Laumiu sakmes, jazz, avant-garde, Lithuania, JUOSTA RECORDS