Star Trek Of Gods And Men [2007] [XviD] [Ar 1.82]

Internet movie originally released as three epidodes,,, this is the full movie and essential for any trekie. Nichelle Nicholls stated that gene roddenberry would have been so proud to see his creation broadcast over the internet and viewed on personal computers, which he originally predicted in the first star trek series

'of gods and men' is also a reference to arthur c clarke

VIDEO   

Size.... 699MB

Duration.... 01:27:24
                                   
Codec.... XviD                     
                                   
Frame Width.... 640             
                                  
Frame Height.... 352               
                                  
Data Rate.... 991kbps             
                                   
Frame Rate.... 29.97 F/S               

AUDIO

Bit Rate.... 128kbps.... MP3

2 Channel Stereo

Audio Sample Rate.... 48 KHz

Bits Per Sample 16 Bit/Sample

IMDB........    http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0835378/

WIKI........    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Trek:_Of_Gods_and_Men
  

Production
The series was directed by Tim Russ. Best known for playing Tuvok on Star Trek: Voyager, he had directed one episode of that series. The series was shot in Star Trek: New Voyages sets in Port Henry, New York. Scenes were also shot around the Los Angeles, California area, including at Vasquez Rocks, a popular site for Star Trek location footage. Scenes set at the Vulcan Science Academy were filmed in the San Fernando Valley. Principal photography began July 12, 2006 and finished in October 2006.

Returning Star Trek cast and crew
The mini-series starred Nichelle Nichols as Uhura, Walter Koenig as Pavel Chekov, and Grace Lee Whitney as Janice Rand from the original series. Alan Ruck also reprised his role as Captain John Harriman from Star Trek Generations, and Tim Russ appeared as Tuvok. Other regular Star Trek actors appeared in new roles, including Garrett Wang and Ethan Phillips (who respectively played Harry Kim and Neelix from Voyager), J. G. Hertzler, Cirroc Lofton and Chase Masterson (Martok, Jake Sisko and Leeta from DS9) and Gary Graham (Ambassador Soval from Enterprise). The series was written by DS9 writers Jack Trevino and Ethan H. Calk. Douglas Knapp, the director of photography, had worked on Voyager.

Co-writer Jack Trevino explained how so many actors from the series had been willing to participate: "Trek actors have a special relationship with their fans... they regarded the project, not only as the ultimate thank you to Gene Roddenberry and the original stars of Trek, but as a thank you to [the fans] who supported the series over the last 40 years." Executive producer Douglas Conway had tried to assemble more of the original series cast, but when George Takei (Sulu) was not available, this led to the idea of including Ruck's character as captain.

Two actors from Star Trek: New Voyages, James Cawley and Jeff Quinn, also featured

Director:Tim Russ
Writers:Ethan H. Calk (writer)
Sky Douglas Conway (writer)

Walter Koenig ...  Captain Pavel Chekov 
Nichelle Nichols ...  Captain Nyota Uhura 
Alan Ruck ...  Captain John Harriman 
Garrett Wang ...  Commander Garan 
William Wellman Jr. ...  Charlie Evans (as William Wellman) 
J.G. Hertzler ...  Koval 
Gary Graham ...  Ragnar 
Tim Russ ...  Tuvok 
Chase Masterson ...  Xela 
Daamen J. Krall ...  Gary Mitchell (as Daamen Krall) 
Crystal Allen ...  Conqueror Navigator Yara 
Ethan Phillips ...  Data Clerk 
Cirroc Lofton ...  Sevar 
Lawrence Montaigne ...  Stonn 
James Cawley ...  Commander Kirk 


 

