Serenity [Xvid - Ita Ac3 Eng Mp3][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]





Serenity



by rdaneel

Rip by Arlong






Title: Serenity
Nationality: Usa
Years: 2005
Genre: Fantascienza
Directed by: Joss Whedon
Sceneggiatura: Joss Whedon
Distribution: Universal
Data di uscita in Italia: 25 novembre 2005


Cast: Nathan Fillion Mal
Gina Torres Zoe
Alan Tudyk Wash
Morena Baccarin Inara
Adam Baldwin Jayne
Jewel Staite Kaylee
Sean Maher Simon
Summer Glau River
Ron Glass Shepherd Book
Chiwetel Ejiofor L'Operativo
David KrumholtzMr. Universe
Michael Hitchcock Dr. Mathias
Sarah Paulson Dr. Caron
Yan Feldman Mingo
Raphael Feldman Fanty



Serenity is a 2005 space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon. It is considered a continuation of the cancelled Fox science fiction television series Firefly, taking place after the events of the final episode. Set 510 years in the future, Serenity is the story of the captain and crew of a transport and cargo ship. The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War, having fought on the losing side. Their lives of petty crime are interrupted by a psychic passenger who harbors a dangerous secret. The film was released in North America on September 30, 2005 by Universal Pictures. It received generally positive reviews and opened at number two, taking in $10.1 million its first weekend, spending two weeks in the top ten, and totaling a domestic box office gross of $25.5 million and a foreign box office gross of $13.3 million. However, it did not make back its budget until its release on DVD. Serenity won film of the year awards from Film 2005 and FilmFocus.It also won IGN Film's Best Sci-Fi, Best Story and Best Trailer awards and was runner up for the Overall Best Movie. It also won the Nebula Award for Best script for 2005, the 7th annual 'User Tomato Awards' for best Sci-Fi movie of 2005 at Rotten Tomatoes, the 2006 viewers choice Spacey Award for favorite movie, the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form and the 2006 Prometheus Special Award.





Five hundred years in the future, mankind has overpopulated Earth and emigrated to a neighboring star system. In the place of national governments, the interplanetary Alliance wields tight political power over inhabitants of the wealthy "central planets", while life on the partially colonized "Outer Rim" planets resembles the lawlessness and desolation of the American Old West. In the depths of an Alliance facility, Simon Tam rescues his sister River Tam from her scientist captors, who experiment on her with hopes of harnessing her psychic abilities as a weapon. In hiding from the Alliance, the siblings eventually find safe harbor on the spacecraft Serenity, filled with a ragtag crew that makes a living by taking jobs of varying legality in the Outer Rim. After a bank heist on an Outer Rim planet is disrupted by a horde of feral, spacefaring cannibals known as Reavers, the crew narrowly escapes back to Serenity. Simon accosts the ship's captain, Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds, protesting River's involvement in the raid and her exposure to danger, and declares that he and River will leave Serenity at the next spaceport. The crew disembarks at a trading post and enters a bar to meet with Fanty and Mingo, the men who hired Serenity for the robbery. River wanders into the bar and observes a television advertisement in which the Alliance has embedded a subliminal message especially for River. It causes her to immediately and brutally attack the other patrons until Simon arrives and utters a code phrase, which renders River unconscious. Thoroughly confused, Mal takes River and Simon back to Serenity, where Simon reveals that River was conditioned to be an Alliance assassin. Mal contacts Mr. Universe, a reclusive techno-geek who analyzes the bar security camera footage and discovers that a subliminal message in the advertisement triggered River's attack. Unknown to the crew, the message was placed by the Operative, a self-described monster with no name or rank, assigned by the Alliance to retrieve River at all costs.........





- Rip Specifications -

Dimensione........: 1,468,483,584 byte
Durata............: 1:54:04

Video Codec.......: XviD 1.1.0 Final
Video Bitrate.....: 1194
Risoluzione.......: 688 x 288
FPS (Frames/sec)..: 25.000
QF (Frame quality): 0.241

Traccia 1
Audio Codec.......: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3,
Audio Bitrate.....: 384 CBR,
Canali audio......: 6,
Freq Audio........: 48000,

Traccia 2
Audio Codec.......: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
Audio Bitrate.....: 128 kb/s Vbr
Canali audio......: 2
Freq Audio........: 48000




Visit http://www.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/