In this collection of CDRips i have provided the Covers and CD JPegs
Recorded with Lame 3.99a MP3 VBRV0.... 2 Pass Secure/Accurate...

Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
Cheers, Bubanee

PLEASE READ BEFORE DECIDING TO DOWNLOAD OR NOT

This collection i have based the music tracks on LP/Cassette Release
I.E. The Wall has 4 sides.. (Double LP/Cassette)  
so there for i have created 4 Tracks
Representing one for each side
(Single Discs 2 Tracks.. Double Discs 4 Tracks)

Why... Because Pink Floyd Shouldn't Have Gaps!

1973 Dark Side Of The Moon 

1975 Wish You Were Here

1977 Animals

1979 The Wall

1983 The Final Cut

Pink Floyd were an English rock band who earned recognition for their psychedelic music 
in the late 1960s and, as they evolved in the 1970s, for their progressive rock music. 
Pink Floyd's work is marked by the use of philosophical lyrics, sonic experimentation, 
innovative album cover art, and elaborate live shows. One of rock music's most critically acclaimed 
and commercially successful acts, the group has sold over 200 million albums worldwide, 
including 74.5 million certified units in the United States.

Pink Floyd were formed in 1965, 
and originally consisted of university students 
Roger Waters, Nick Mason, Richard Wright, Syd Barrett and, briefly, Bob Klose. 
The group were a popular fixture on London's underground music scene, 
and under Barrett's leadership released two charting singles, "Arnold Layne" and "See Emily Play", 
and a commercially and critically successful album, The Piper at the Gates of Dawn. 
In 1968, guitarist and singer David Gilmour joined the line-up, 
and Barrett was removed due to his increasingly erratic behaviour. 
Following Barrett's departure, bass player and singer Roger Waters became 
the lyricist and dominant figure in the band, which thereafter achieved 
worldwide critical and commercial success with the concept albums
 
The Dark Side of the Moon, 
Wish You Were Here, 
Animals,  
The Wall
The Final Cut

Wright left the band in 1979, and Waters in 1985, 
but Gilmour and Mason (joined by Wright) continued recording and touring under the name Pink Floyd. 
Waters used legal means to try to keep them from using the name, 
declaring Pink Floyd a spent force, but the parties reached an out-of-court settlement 
allowing Gilmour, Mason and Wright to continue as Pink Floyd. 
The band again enjoyed worldwide success with A Momentary Lapse of Reason (1987) 
and The Division Bell (1994), and Waters continued as a solo musician, 
releasing three studio albums. Although for some years relations between Waters 
and the remaining three members were sour, the band reformed in 2005 for what would be a 
final one-off performance at Live 8.