The DVD that I have created is based upon a 4 CD album released by the band called The Flaming Lips.  The original album Zaireeka was released in 1997 as a 4 CD album with the intention of all 4 discs being played at the same time to listen to the complete album as designed.  10 years later, they released an anniversary disc to be played as the 5th disc of the album. This DVD combines all 5 CDs and plays them simultaneously on separate channels on a home theater system.  This is an attempt to recreate the experience one would enjoy while listening to this album without having 5 separate CD players.  CD number one is the Left Front Channel, CD 2 the Right Front Channel, CD 3 Rear Right, CD 4 Rear Left, and CD 5 being the Center Channel.  Of course not everyone has a system capable of playing 5.1 channels of audio as this DVD requires to be enjoyed fully, therefore, a stereo track of the mix is included, however this completely destroys the purpose of this DVD.  I created three visualizations using Adobe After Effects to accompany the music with the intention of enhancing the listening experience by stimulating the vision as well.

The Main Feature has 3 Video Tracks, 8 Audio Tracks, and 2 Subtitle Tracks. The first video angle is a waveform of what all the CDs look like. The second video track separates the audio by frequencies and displays each in a separate part of the screen.  The third video option, which I recommend, displays waveforms based on what you hear coming from certain points in the room.  If there is a loud crash coming from the Rear Left speaker, the bottom left corner of your screen will display some random lines accordingly. Rear Right speaker coincides with the bottom right of your screen, front left with top right, front right with top right, and center speaker with the top center of your screen respectively.The Audio Tracks are all AC3 and include: 1. A Stereo Mix of all 5 CDS, 2. A 5.1 Mix of all 5 CDs, 3. A 5.1 Mix of the original 4 CDs, and audio tracks 4 through 8 are the individual discs, audio track 4 being that of just Disc 1, audio track 5 being just disc 2 and so on.  The audio was ripped using iTunes at 48000 kHz as to avoid AC3 encoding complications and to preserve as closely as possible, the original recording.  The WAVs of each CD were then brought into Sony Vegas where they were combined into a multiple channel WAV.  After creating the WAVs, they were re-encoded using Compressor into the appropriate DVD format. 

Some screenshots are also included as well as a DVD cover I created.

This DVD should play in all DVD players. VLC has trouble playing it, but WMP and Quicktime have no problems. 

This DVD is not completely finished. Few things remain to be fixed, however it should be fully functional.

I solely post it in hopes for feedback in ways to improve it before its finalized