Gods of Football
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


Gods of Football 2009 Calendar (International edition - rugby and football)
Gods of Football, part of Naked For A Cause initiative featured some of the sexiest Australian rules football players and Australian Rugby League players. The campaign was organized for producing an accompaying nude calendar to raise money for the McGrath Foundation, which supports breast cancer research and cancer awareness. The creative director and the photographer of the project was Pedro Virgil.
The initiative was launched on the Footy Show on the 14 August 2008. A first selection players was profiled. Images of each weeks' selection of players were published in Australia's Sunday Telegraph newspaper as well. Forty of Australian rules footballers and Australian Rugby League players were invited to pose naked. The provocative fundraising campaign was highly successful transforming the young sporting athletes into international male calendarAlthough there was some opposition for the explicit nudity, the campaign generated great goodwill as well.
Contents [hide]
1 2009 Calendars
2 DVD
3 Participants
4 References
5 External links
[edit]2009 Calendars

In 2009, three separate calendars were published:
2009 Rugby League Calendar (16 pages, 12 rugby players)
2009 Australian Rules Calendar (16 pages, 12 football players)
2009 International Calendar (24 pages, 2 players per month combined edition)
[edit]DVD



Gods of Football Making Of 2009 Calendar DVD cover
An accompanying 80-minute DVD was prepared entitled The Making of the 2009 Calendars, a film by Grant Carroll and released by Naked For A Cause.[1].[2] There was also a special UK release with a different cover.
[edit]Participants

The following National Rugby League players were confirmed to take part in consideration for final selection:
Canterbury Bulldogs: Michael Sullivan, Daniel Holdsworth, Nick Youngquest
South Sydney Rabbitohs: Shannon Hegarty
North Sydney Bears: Nathaniel Barnes, Luke Grant
Sydney Roosters: Shaun Kenny-Dowall, David Shillington, Sandor Earl, Dominique Peyroux
Wests Tigers: Beau Ryan, Dene Halatau, Chris Lawrence, Chris Heighington
Manly Sea Eagles: David Williams, Anthony Watmough, Chris Stolk, Matt Ballin, Brett Stewart
St. George Illawarra Dragons: Matt Cooper, Stuart Webb
Gold Coast Titans: Daniel Conn, Kayne Lawton
Melbourne Storm: Will Chambers, Brett White, Dallas Johnson
Canberra Raiders: Justin Carney, Tom Learoyd-Lahrs, Brett Kelly

Only 24 were chosen eventually, 12 for the rugby calendar and 12 for the Australian rules football edition. All 24 appeared in the special international edition.