Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Embers is the debut album of Pakistani American singer-songwriter and former iiO front-woman Nadia Ali, released on September 15, 2009 by Smile in Bed Records.

The Fantasy music video also introduces the Queen of Clubs Trilogy: Best of Nadia Ali Remixed, featuring Nadia as the Queen of Clubs. Highlighting the Queen of Clubs  theme, the music video began the countdown to the August 2010 release of the Trilogy compilation. The package will be broken into 3 releases titled Ruby Edition (August 2010), Onyx Edition (October 2010), and finally Diamond Edition (December 2010).

The package of club tracks will feature brand new remixes of some of her biggest dance hits as well as introduce brand new Nadia Ali productions by an all-star list of producers. DJ/Producers included on this compilation: Sultan & Ned Shepard, EDX, Morgan Page, Starkilllers, Armin Van Buuren, Afrojack, Avicii, Wippenberg, Tocadisco, Andy Moor, Scumfrog, Dean Coleman, Andretta, Cedric Gervais, Alex Kenji, Shogun, Green & Falkner, Dresden & Johnston, Alex Sayz, Myon & Shane 54, Tritonal, Justin Michael & Kemal, Noel Sanger, Ron Reeser & Dan Saenz, Thomas Gold, TyDi, Serge Devant, Roger Shah, David Tort, Sebastian Krieg, Niklas Gustavsson, Kired & Kiraly, Kevin Alves with others to be announced.

Nadia Ali (Urdu: نادیہ علی) (born August 3, 1980 in Libya) is a Pakistani American singer and songwriter, the former front-woman and songwriter of the band iiO, whose 2001 hit Rapture reached #2 on the UK Singles chart.

Nadia Ali was born in Libya to Pakistani parents in 1980. The family relocated to Queens, New York City, when she was still a child, and has remained there.

Ali has stated in interviews that the music that most influenced her growing up includes Stevie Nicks, Sade, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, U2, Madonna, Led Zeppelin, Carole King, Carly Simon and The Beatles.

While 17 years old, Ali was working in the New York offices of Versace, and aspiring to start a music career, when a co-worker introduced her to producer Markus Moser, who was looking for a female singer to collaborate on some of his original dance music production. The two teamed up and started a group that was originally named "Vaiio," named after the Sony laptop Nadia was working on. They later dropped the "va" to avoid causing problems in the future with Sony. Working with Moser, she wrote the lyrics and the vocals for the songs. After the success of the 2001 hit Rapture, the single was remixed many times by the likes of Armin Van Buuren, John Creamer & Stephane K and Deep Dish with bootleg and white label remixes emerging as well. The duo toured all over the world for years and released more singles, including At the End, Runaway and Smooth.

Ali left the group in 2005 to pursue a solo career and released her debut album, Poetica, in 2006, while Moser continues to release iiO material featuring her on vocals. Most notably, these releases include the 2006 single Is It Love? which went to #1 in America on the Billboard Dance Chart, and the 2007 Album Reconstruction Time: The Best Of iiO Remixed.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/