	Description
	-----------

This is a full set of video lectures recorded at MIT, as well as the available course materials. The home page of the 
original lectures can be found at MIT OCW:

 	http://ocw.mit.edu/

These are the MP4 files available directly from ocw.mit.edu, I have tried all the available downloads and I believe these are the best. They\\\'re a bit blockier than some, but have the best sound quality. I\\\'m attempting to improve on xyz2007\\\'s excellent torrent by adding the rest of the course materials and using different source files. This description shamelessly rips his off, but no need to reinvent the wheel :)

Note: I have uploaded these before, but pulled down the torrent as I noticed several problems. This one is a big improvement :)


	Course description
	-------------------

8.01 is a first-semester freshman physics class in Newtonian Mechanics, Fluid 
Mechanics, and Kinetic Gas Theory. In addition to the basic concepts of Newtonian
Mechanics, Fluid Mechanics, and Kinetic Gas Theory, a variety of interesting topics
are covered in this course: Binary Stars, Neutron Stars, Black Holes, Resonance 
Phenomena, Musical Instruments, Stellar Collapse, Supernovae, Astronomical
observations from very high flying balloons (lecture 35), and you will be allowed
a peek into the intriguing Quantum World. 



	Highlights of this Course
	-------------------------

This course features lecture notes, problem sets with solutions, exams with 
solutions, links to related resources, and a complete set of videotaped lectures.
The 35 video lectures by Professor Lewin, were recorded on the MIT campus during 
the Fall of 1999. Prof. Lewin is well-known at MIT and beyond for his dynamic and 
engaging lecture style. 



	License
	-------

These lectures are generously put on-line by MIT, and are licensed under the
Creative Commons License (BY-NC-SA) and so it is perfectly legal to share them.
Therefore, please seed as long a possible, to ensure this amazing resource stays
available.

For more information on the Creative Commons license see:

  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/us/