Dabangg (2010) 1CD - DVDRIP - XviD - SRG


INFOMATION:-

Name: Debangg (2010) Indian Movie.

File Size: 698 MB

Resolution: 640x272

Duration: 2hrs 1Min 02Sec


PLOT:-

Dabanng opens with a fight in a warehouse. Chulbul(Salman Khan) takes on a gang of about a dozen criminals by himself, using only a firehose as a weapon. There are a few instances of Matrix-inspired special effects, but they are outshone by the intricate fight choreography, as Chulbul is surrounded by attackers.

The rest of the police force arrives while Chulbul exits the warehouse with a bag of pilfered cash. Asked what they should tell the higher-ups about the fight, Chulbul shoots a deputy in the arm, so that the officer can claim he was wounded in action and earn a promotion. Everyone is happy, and Chulbul walks away with the money.

The scene is immediately followed by a dance number to a tune about what a badass Chulbul is: “Hud Hud Dabanng.”

Dabanng‘s plot is formulaic, with the requisite love story and predictable double-crosses. Chulbul falls in love with a woman, Rajjo (Sonakshi Sinha), who encourages him to reconcile with his estranged stepbrother, Makhi (Arbaaz Khan), and his step-father. Little does Chulbul know that Makhi is secretly working for Cheddi Singh (Sonu Sood), the corrupt politician from whom Chulbul stole in the opening sequence.

Dabanng is well-paced and doesn’t linger over Chulbul’s emotional development. He grows as a character, but the majority of his time is spent fighting, engaging in political intrigue, and dancing.


CAST:

Salman Khan as Chulbul Pandey
Sonakshi Sinha as Rajo
Arbaaz Khan as Makhanchan
Sonu Sood as Chhedi Singh
Mahie Gill as Nirmala
Vinod Khanna as Prajapati Pandey
Dimple Kapadia as Naini Devi
Om Puri as Kasturilal Vishkarma
Anupam Kher as Dayal Babu
Tinu Anand as Masterji (Nirmala's father)
Mahesh Manjrekar as Haria (Rajo's father)
Malaika Arora as Munni
Murali Sharma as ACP Malik
Amitosh Nagpal as Sumant Kumar (Rajo's brother)
Umesh Tonpe as Inspector Choube
Ram Sujan Singh as Chaubeji
Rajeev Mishra as Toluram Rastogi
Shayamlal as Photographer


Screenshots:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/23000/22473.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/23000/22474.jpg


ENJOY!