Margaret Thatcher Historical Retrospective

This torrent is a series of documentaries and dramatizations dealing with the Margaret Thatcher years as Prime Minister of Great Britain. Most of these files were found on thebox dot biz. Notes and such can be found there, or in the individual files. I have arranged them in roughly chronological order.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Thatcher

Margaret Thatcher (PM 1979-90) – was transformative in the history of both Britain and the Conservative (Tory) party. Staunchly anti-socialist, anti-union, and anti-Europe, she spoke long and often of returning Britain to strength and greatness. A divisive figure, often closely identified with Ronald Reagan, she broke the power of the unions and led the UK to victory in the Falklands War. Today, she is remembered with great nostalgia by the right, and is deeply scorned by the left. What is unquestioned, however, is the metamorphic effect she had on British politics; leading to the ‘New Left’ of Tony Blair, and ultimately to the recent election of David Cameron.

Contained herein are:

1 – “The Long Walk to Finchley”: A dramatization of her entry into politics leading up to her accession as Prime Minister.

2 – “The Making of the Iron Lady” – A BBC documentary describing the same period.

3 – “Thatcher: The Downing Street Years” – A four-part BBC documentary on her period in office.

3A – “The Falklands Play” – A BBC radio drama enacting the interplay at #10 Downing Street during the Falklands War. It was cancelled prior to its schedules 1986 broadcast (supposedly by her political enemies), and was not actually broadcast until 2002.

3B – “War in the Falklands” – A three-part BBC documentary series describing the war.

4 – “Thatcher and the Scots” – A BBC documentary detailing Thatcher’s political interplay with Scotland, which was a particular issue during her premiership.

5 – “Portillo on Thatcher” – An examination of the post-PM years of Thatcher, as presented by Tory politician-turned-journalist, Michael Portillo. This documentary / editorial is particularly fascinating.

6 – “The Thatcher Generation” – A BBC documentary examining the effects and opinions generated by the Thatcher years upon those Britons born during her tenure and influence.

7 – “Worst Job in Politics: Leader of the Opposition” – a BBC Documentary  examining  the job (once held by Thatcher), as seen through the eyes of many who have also held it.

8 – “Osprey ESS015 Falklands War 1982” – The battle campaign book of the war, by the famous Osprey series.
