THE SENSATIONAL JOHNNIE RAY released Cry in 1952 and the tears dried up. Cry dominated the charts during that year and his career soon took off. As the other half (with Frank Sinatra) of the Teen Idolism movement, Johnnie released over sixty singles — ten of which were Top Ten hits in the UK. And three went all the way to Number One. 

Containing 24 of his best-loved tracks that span his amazing career, Just Walkin' In The Rain: The Best Of Johnnie Ray opens with just walking in the rain then the unforgettable Yes Tonight,Josephine that couldn't be anything but Fifties and spent 16 weeks in the charts, reaching Number One,in 1957. 

Not surprisingly, to his fans and the critics, Johnnie Ray was — and still is — regarded as one of the finest Rock 'n' Roll singers of the 50s. Just Walkin' In The Rain: The Best Of Johnnie Ray is just that — The Best. The CD's title song was Number One in 1956 and spent 19 weeks in the charts; and Such A Night reached Number One in 1954 with 18 weeks in the charts. 

This is superb, easy listening. Each track has its own merit: the upbeat Up Above My Head that features Frankie Laine; the quirky Hernando's Hideaway; Please, Mr. Sun from 1952; and Let's Walk That-A-Way, also from 1952 and created with Doris Day. Check out the extraordinary range of Johnnie's voice on Look Homeward, Angel or the terrific words of the Cabaret-style Hey There. Get the feel-good factor with the emotive The Little White Cloud That Cried — the song is a comforting reminder that black clouds soon pass. 

Although he died in 1990, Johnnie's influences are still around today so he will not be forgotten for his marvellous contribution to music. He was mentioned in the lyrics of We Didn't Start The Fire, by Billy Joel and Portishead used samples of his fabulous, strong voice in Biscuit. Johnnie is also the topic of the first three voices of Dexy's Midnight Runners' Come On, Eileen. 


TRACKLIST:


1 Just Walkin' in the Rain  
2 Yes Tonight, Josephine  
3 Hernando's Hideaway  
4 Look Homeward, Angel  
5 You Don't Owe Me a Thing  
6 Hey There  
7 Such a Night  
8 Build Your Love (On a Strong Foundation)  
9 No Wedding Today  
10 Miss Me Just a Little  
11 Song of the Dreamer  
12 Please, Mr. Sun  
13 The Little White Cloud That Cried  
14 Faith Can Move Mountains  
15 Walking My Baby Back Home  
16 All of Me  
17 (Here I Am) Broken Hearted  
18 Up Above My Head (I Hear Music in the Air)  
19 If You Believe  
20 Ain't Misbehavin'  
21 I'll Never Fall in Love Again  
22 Somebody Stole My Gal  
23 Let's Walk That-A-Way  
24 Cry

                                 320 kbs 
          
Thank you for seeding :o)

more great music in this link 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/only1joe/