Faith Hill - It Matters To Me (EAC FLAC) ResourceRG      
 
Faith Hill - It Matters To Me (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 /14 files 

Category Rock/Pop, Country, Contemporary Country 
Label Warner Bros. (Record Label) 
Orig Year 1995 
All Time Sales Rank 9751 
CD Universe Part number 1101462 
Catalog number 45872 
Discs 1 
Release Date Aug 29, 1995 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Scott Hendricks 
Engineer Mike Bradley 
Recording Time 35 minutes 
Personnel Paul Franklin - steel guitar, hand claps 
Glenn Worf - bass, hand claps 
Brent Mason - electric guitar, hand claps 
Dan Dugmore - steel guitar, lap steel guitar 
Dann Huff 
Matt Rollings 
Rob Hajacos - fiddle 
Dennis Wilson - background vocals 
John Hobbs - B-3 organ 
Reese Wynans - piano, B-3 organ 

1. Someone Else's Dream 
2. Let's Go to Vegas 
3. It Matters to Me 
4. Bed of Roses 
5. Man's Home Is His Castle, A 
6. You Can't Lose Me 
7. I Can't Do That Anymore 
8. Room in My Heart, A 
9. You Will Be Mine 
10. Keep Walkin' On 

[img]http://torrent-stats.info/3b3d/1be7ff75.png[/img] 

There's nothing on IT MATTERS TO ME as brash as her country take on the rock classic "Piece Of My Heart." Otherwise, Faith Hill's second album sounds like her first--twangy country with working-class heart, a sassy voice reminiscent of Loretta ... Full DescriptionLynn, and a sense of social relevance learned from Reba McEntire. Best of all, Hill still cuts across a range of styles, refusing to be tied down to any one of the sub-genres her influences might suggest. 

"Bed Of Roses" and "You Will Be Mine" are assertive and rocking numbers about, respectively, keeping a lothario at bay and chasing a guy who's too shy to make the first move. On them, Hill's big southern voice is matched by jangling electric guitars that wouldn't be out of place on a Bruce Springsteen album. When it opens, "A Man's Home Is His Castle" could, in fact, be a piano ballad about one of Springsteen's heroic blue-collar losers, but as it swells into a studio pop arrangement, it turns out this particular loser is an abused wife who's about to buy a gun; this is the kind of reality that doesn't impose itself on mainstream country albums too often. "A Room In My Heart," on the other hand, shows an affinity for classic country-pop balladry with its beautifully slow chorus. 

"Let's Go To Vegas" is a quickie wedding proposal, which--depending on who's making it--could be the kind of mistake that'll get you into a mid-life crisis before you're 25, or the kind of crazy hunch that could snap you right out of one. So far in her bright career, Faith Hill has shown the kind of clearheadedness and surefootedness that if she asked you, you'd be a fool not to take the chance. 

Faith Hill's second album, IT MATTERS TO ME, continues the successful inroads of her debut. Country purists may dismiss Hill out of hand for her glamorous good looks and her crossover commercial appeal, but the fine material and performances here prove that she is an artist of substance. The pop sensibility underlying this collection of tunes enhances rather than detracts, and proves again that country can be as catchy and accessible as anything on mainstream radio. 

The album's two singles, the love ballad "It Matters to Me" and the buoyant "Let's Go to Vegas," are highlights, but the rest of the album matches up in quality, with folksy reflections on home and family ("Someone Else's Dream"), gospel-inflected boogie ("Keep Walkin' On"), and full-on power ballads ("A Man's Home is His Castle"). Hill's supple voice is well-suited to each style, giving this sharp, polished pop-country effort a sense of unity. 
 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce  
http://thetracker.org:80/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://www.sumotracker.com/announce  
