Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Linear PCM, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 1536 kbps


This video has no logo.


"Remember December" is the second single from Demi Lovato's second studio album Here We Go Again. The single was released on November 17, 2009 for play and was released on December 1, 2009 as a digital download.

The music video features Demi Lovato in a room with her band, rocking and singing along to the song. There are also close up shots of Lovato wearing a sequin hooded top, singing. In other parts of the video, Demi and her friends (Meaghan Jette Martin, Anna Maria Perez de Taglé and Chloe Bridges (also known as the girls of Camp Rock 2) in the car, where Demi is in the back, she is singing while the girls are dancing and laughing. A shorter scene after that shows all 4 girls walking in a line with big hair and retro clothing, like they are going out to party.

Three sneak previews of the music video were released in early November. The full music video premiered on November 12, 2009.

Lovato said in a MTV news interview that "The music video relates to the song in a way that a girl has so much to say to the guy, and it feels like he's not listening, and she wants him to remember everything that they had," she told MTV News. "And so instead of having a love interest in this video, it's all about being fierce and kind of, like, taking control as a girl. It's like girl empowerment. Yeah, divas!"

Lovato said the song is near and dear to her. "I love this song for many reasons," she said. "It had a different sound than a lot of my songs. I related to it personally more than other songs, and I have so much fun with it.

"Remember December" is a moderate electronic pop rock song. The song diverges a bit from Lovato's typical pop/rock sound. It has strong uses of synthesizers, keyboards, guitars and heavily synthesized drums. Influences derive from electronic music, 80's synthpop and 90's electro-rock.

Here We Go Again is the second studio album from American pop rock singer Demi Lovato. It was released on July 21, 2009 under Hollywood Records. It debuted at #1 on the U.S. Billboard 200, selling 108,000 copies in its first week.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

