. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                       
                                                     
                                            
                
                   
            
                
                        
                 
                 
               
                         
                          
                 
                   
                          
                         
                   
            
                
           
                   
                      
       
               
                
                     
                 
                           
                             
                  
           
          
                             
      ,,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,     
                                                       
           ....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....          
                                         
                                                 
     Socusoft MP3 CD Converter Professional v5.0.3     
                     Incl KeyMaker                     
                                              
           
              
                            
                                                
                                                               
                                                             
      Released on 03/21/10 for exclusive usage by            
        members of the release scene. This isnt something        
        to share with your school mates and not for sale.        
      Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it!       
                                                             
      Company ..: Socusoft                                   
       Url ......: http://www.socusoft.com/                    
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
            Release Information              
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       MP3 CD Converter Professional is a CD-burning             
     application that can create conventional Audio CD       
     from your downloaded MP3 collections. The               
     customized Audio CD can be played with your home        
      Hi-Fi or car CD player.                                  
                                                             
     With MP3 CD Converter Professional, you can easily      
       make your own music CD from your favorite MP3 list,       
       CD collections, WMA files, iTunes music library,          
     etc. It brings convenience to you to enjoy them at      
     home or play them with car stereo or portable CD        
     player.                                                 
                                                               
     Besides, it is fairly simple to use MP3 CD              
     Converter. Just a couple of clicks will get you         
       burning. You may know more from the following             
       features about this cool app.                             
                                                             
     Import CD tracks from several CDs Easily Cool           
     MP3 CD Converter can rip your picked audio tracks       
      from several CDs and then put them into one CDR. So      
     you can play your favorite songs without changing       
     the discs.                                              
                                                                 
       Convert MP3 to CD On-The-Fly                              
     MP3 CD Converter burns MP3 to Audio CD on-the-fly,      
     which means no temporary disc space is required and     
     don't need convert the MP3 files to WAV format          
      first, and save the HD's life.                           
                                                             
     Great Normalization Feature                             
       With normalizing function, the volume level of all        
       tracks in the burned CD can be ensured the same,          
     even the source MP3 files are downloaded from           
     various locations and very different in volume.         
                                                             
      Powerful MP3 Searching Function - Locate MP3 Files       
     Easily                                                  
     With a powerful MP3 searching function, you may         
       locate the MP3 files and add them to the CD layout        
       in an extremely easy way.                                 
                                                             
     A Pretty Built-in Mini-Player                           
     MP3 CD Converter has a mini built-in player, you        
      can listen the MP3 files before burning with the         
     same decode engine of burning.                          
                                                             
       Supports CD label print for jewel case                    
       MP3 CD Converter writes Audio CD in Disk-At-Once          
     (DAO) mode which is supported by most recent            
     CD-Writers.                                             
                                                             
      Other features includes: support WAV, M3U and PLS        
     playlist file, recognize ID3v1 and ID3v2 tag,           
     Support freedb services. Very easy to use with          
       intuitive interface.                                      
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
               Install Notes                 
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       1. Unpack & Install                                       
     2. Use KeyMaker                                         
                                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
                Group Notes                  
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       You got something to offer like                           
                                                             
               * supplies (either ISO or DDL)                
               * cracking skills                             
                * pizza                                        
                                                             
     and want to join the only scene family in existance?    
       Then just ask around on IRC (maybe even your girl-        
       friend may know one of our council members, be it         
     the one or the other way...) and lets see if you        
     fit into one of our open positions!                     
                                                             
                                                               
                      Signed,                                
                          - TEAM DVT -                       
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                       
                                                   
                                             
                                         
                    
        
                      
                  
                  
                  
                
                 
                       
                            
                                 
                                             
                                                  
                                          
                                         (( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha ))