EDGAR WINTER [/b][/color][/size]
THE EDGAR WINTER GROUP
THEY ONLY COME OUT AT NIGHT
Original Release: November 1972
Audio CD October 25, 1990 
Label: Sony
Format:Mp3@320



Originally released in November of 1972, the Edgar Winter Group’s double platinum record They Only Come Out at Night broke new ground with Winter’s legendary synthesizer sound and became one of rock’s classic records of all time, containing two of rock ‘n’ roll’s most notable anthems, the free-spirited “Free Ride” and the ultimate jam tune “Frankenstein”. Produced by Rick Derringer with Ronnie Montrose on guitars and engineered by Bill Szymezyk who later produced Hotel California and other Eagle hits, They Only Come Out at Night didn’t gain immediate commercial success. Winter and the band thought the song “Free Ride” was the most commercially feasible tune and after a disappointing brief appearance on the charts the band started talking about their next project. 
Meanwhile, a grass roots phenomenon was spreading across the country. Underground college FM stations all across the US discovered a b-side tune called “Frankenstein”. Winter and his band mates basically had a great time jamming on “Frankenstein” but never considered the over 4 minute tune to be commercially viable. “Frankenstein” was soon one of the most frequently requested songs on mainstream AM stations and astonishingly climbed to #1 on the charts! The album reached the #3 position and the re-released “Free Ride” reached #14.


Recording information: HIt Factory; Sterling Sound Studio, New York, NY.


Tracklist
1. Hangin' Around 3:04
2. When It Comes 3:16
3. Alta Mira 3:17
4. Free Ride 3:08
5. Undercover Man 3:49
6. Round & Round 4:00
7. Rock 'N' Roll Boogie Woogie Blues 3:26
8. Autumn 3:01
9. We All Had a Real Good Time 3:05
10. Frankenstein 4:4


Personnel:
Edgar Winter (vocals, saxophone, piano, Clavinet, organ, keyboards, synthesizer, ARP synthesizer, marimba, timbales, background vocals); Dan Hartman (vocals, guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, ukulele, maracas, percussion, background vocals); Rick Derringer (vocals, guitar, slide guitar, claves, background vocals); Chuck Ruff (vocals, drums, congas, background vocals); Ronnie Montrose (guitar, 12-string guitar, mandolin); Johnny Badanjek (drums).




