If you do any type of marketing online, either through blogs, or creating and selling your own products - this humungous 2 GIG Halloween Pack will be wonderful for your use.
If you are a digital scrapbooker who is looking for cool new Halloween themed images for your scrapbook pages - this will be right up your alley! Yes, you can use these for scrapbook kits that you intend to resell.
If you are a website template designer, or ebook cover master - this is a perfect package to have in your arsenal. Yes, you can create headers, ebook covers, website templates and more with these images.
If you are a mom who has a lot of cute Halloween pictures of the kids, Photoshop and a little extra time... you will LOVE this package. There are also a few things added just for the kids, like ghost story audios, recipes, 

party theme ideas, activities and more.
If you are a "crafter" that loves to put together homemade crafts, this package will be an amazing tool for your craft box! There are so many ways to use this pack it's crazy.

Introducing... NEW for 2009...The 2 GIG Halloween Pack!

Some of the Main Highlights are these:

Tons of Digital Scrapbooking Supplies to create your own pages and kits from - including...
Bows and Buttons - 108 different files totaling 79 Meg.
Brads - 69 different files totaling 6.75 Meg.
Embellishments - complete with layer styles that you can copy and use elsewhere totaling 429 Meg, 12 folders, 278 files.
66 different high quality Frames, 300 dpi, totaling 153 Meg.
2 Brand New Scrapbooking pages already made in .png 300 dpi - print quality that you can use for your own Halloween Images this year. Create your own cards!
95 Overlays - high quality 12 x 12 inch, 300 dpi that can be used for much more than scrapbooking! A whopping 693 Meg.
138 Different background papers, 12x12 inch, 300 dpi usable for print, web, or scrapping. This one tops out at 417 Meg.
26 Halloween Ghost Stories - mp3 files that you can play for the kids, or listen to yourself. "Get yer spook on!"
319 Vintage Halloween Images totaling 92 Meg - to use for just about anything. Use them on blogs, on ebook covers, as scrapbooking fodder, for crafting and much more!
Halloween Minisites - 21 Meg - 217 Files - that you can resell as a whole, or use for your own minisites and special Halloween deals! Master Resell Rights Included.
184 Halloween Stock Images, totaling 46 Meg. These are the same images I use, and they are even Public Domain!