The State of the State of the Union
Thursday, January 28, 2010

OK, admit it—as riveting television goes, that was a lot better than most Super Bowls.  At least it was competitive right up until the end. Could President Obama penetrate the “Red Zone” in the chamber and get the Republicans up out of their seats to applaud? I loved it all, starting with the arrival of the celebrities. There’s the First Lady in a long-sleeved, plum-colored Isaac Mizrahi creation! This year she chose not to exercise her right to bare arms. Is John Boehner’s tawny hue getting deeper? I swear he was the exact color of the varnished wood in the House Chamber. What kind of skin care products do you use, John—Minwax? Whatever it is, it really brings out the wood’s natural beauty. If Boehner had a candle in his mouth he would have looked like a Halloween jack o’ lantern that’s been on the porch too long. And it was nice to see Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson sitting beside each other. Given the way these guys block progress, I wonder if they were blocking anybody’s view?

The theme for the evening was “we won’t quit.” Well last night the Republicans wouldn’t start… applauding. Come on, guys. Democrats gave George Bush at least polite applause, even when he was proposing all the idiot ideas that got us into this mess. Even when Obama went through a list of all the tax cuts he’s given to 95 percent of the American people there was no applause from the Republicans—making it painfully obvious that they represent the other 5 percent. Of course, the highlight reel moment came from Justice Samuel Alito.   When the President said “Last week the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests, including foreign corporations, to spend without limit in our elections,” Alito seemed to silently mouth the words “Not true.” It was kind of like seeing a mime version of Joe Wilson.


For you stat freaks, this is a much different SOTU fact check than those from the Bush years. For starters, there are actual facts to check. Fact checking a George Bush speech is like editing Sarah Palin’s Twitter posts for grammar and spelling. Without getting into the details, here’s the best fact check available: James Inhofe says most of what Obama said “wasn’t true.” That right there is a strong indicator that everything he said was exactly true.  Bottom line—great game. For full analysis, tune in to today’s show.