Release Date: 17-09-2010 | Genre: Card & Casino | Size: 1.08GB

Resumen:
Get ready for serious glitz and glamour as you roll into
Vegas-style thrills, risks, wins - and losses in Hoyle Casino
Games 2011. Dominate the table and get your game face on for
Texas Hold 'Em. Pick a horse and hope he can make you rich in
Horse Racing. Outsmart the dealer in Blackjack. Whatever way
you play, you better bring Lady Luck along with you - in the
world of the casinos, anything goes.

This time, you'll get dealt a better hand than ever before.
Play with ultimate ease as you glance quickly at bigger-sized
cards, get going fast with new shortcuts and use your sharp
wit along with improved game logic. And with extra help from a
bonus strategy guide, you're sure to clean up on the floor.
Really want to show Vegas what you're all about? Create your
own character, customize personalities and bust into the
casinos expressing your true self. From Keno to Video Slots to
Seven-Card Stud and much more, you have the chance to hit the
cash big - if you have the swagger and the luck to make it in
the crazy casino world.

Roll the dice and take a chance with a wide array of
Vegas-style games on your computer

Master the tables in thrilling games of Five-Card Draw Poker,
Seven-Card Stud, Pai Gow Poker, Texas Hold 'Em Poker, Omaha
Hold 'Em Poker, Video Slots, Video Blackjack, Video Poker,
Keno and more

Get a fuller casino experience with improvements such as
larger, easy-to-read playing cards, improved game logic and
faster shortcut keys

Express your gambling style with customizable characters and
personalities

Includes bonus Official Hoyle Rulebook & Strategy Guide to
give you the edge you'll need to take home the big cash

Live the Vegas glam in bright, colorful animation


Minimum system requirements:
* Windows ® XP (Home & Pro) SP3/Vista ® SP1
* Pentium ® III 450MHz (800 MHz processor for Vista)
* 512MB RAM
* DVD-ROM drive
* 2 GB Hard Disk space 