Yes - The Yes Album [2003 Rhino Remaster]


Keith "Muzikman" Hannaleck's review at ProgressiveWorld:
If there is one album that clearly defined Yes as band that could become an all around progressive rock/pop band between albums, The Yes Album is the one that history points to as their crossover breakthrough. The most important factor that made this change happen was the exit of Peter Banks (not to say that Banks was not a fine guitarist) and the entry of Steve Howe as the band's lead guitarist, Howe being a versatile, do-it-all kind of player that could change direction at the drop of a hat. This kind of flexibility is what the band needed to move on to a more mainstream level. Although their music was not intent on becoming top-forty oriented, it happened regardless. The reach to their audience was now moving to the next level and garnering a lot of attention with a string of charting singles, regardless of their status and unique approach to rock music.

"Yours Is No Disgrace", "Starship Trooper" and "I've Seen All Good People" found a wider audience because of the catchy rhythms and the choruses of Jon Anderson and Chris Squire, backed by the oomph of pinpoint guitar chords from Howe and the sweeping and driving keyboard passages of Tony Kaye. All of those songs have stood the test of time and receive regular airplay to this day. With a newly packaged set as this, the remastered sound brings new sparkle and life to classic prog-rock-pop diamonds that shine ever so brightly all over again, awaiting another generation of audiences to unearth.

This was the first commercially successful album for Yes and there would be many more. For their sake, it was a good thing the changes were set in motion. As history shows, now with their massively successful catalog of recordings, it would turn their career around forever. Three solid bonus tracks are included with informative liner notes to make the package a complete treasure.

The tracks:
1. Yours Is No Disgrace
2. Clap
3. Starship Trooper
   a. Life Seeker
   b. Disillusion
   c. Würm
4. I've Seen All Good People
   a. Your Move
   b. All Good People
5. A Venture
6. Perpetual Change
Bonus tracks:
7. Your Move [Single Version]
8. Starship Trooper: Life Seeker [Single Version]
9. Clap [Studio Version]

The musicians:
Jon Anderson - vocals, percussion
Chris Squire - bass guitars, vocals
Steve Howe - electric & acoustic guitars, vachalia, vocals
Tony Kaye - piano, organ, Moog
Bill Bruford - drums, percussion
with:
Colin Goldring - recorders on "Your Move"


Recorded at Advision Studios, London, England, between October and November 1970. "Clap" recorded live at The Lyceum Theatre, London, 17 July 1970.
Released on 19 March 1977.
Produced by Yes & Eddie Offord.
Engineered by Eddie Offord.
This remastered and expanded edition released in January 2003.
Label: Elektra/Rhino.
Genre: Progressive Rock.


Ripped with EAC in Secure mode, Test & Copy.
Encoded with FLAC Frontend at level 8, with full tagging.
Includes full artwork, EAC CUE and LOG files, AudioChecker log, and NFO file.

Be fair & share!
