SUPPLIER ....: TEAM EAT
PROG TYPE ...: ANTIVIRUS
LANGUAGE ....: ENGLISH
RELEASE DATE.: 2010-02-21

CRACKER ......: TEAM EAT
PROTECTION ...: SERIAL
DIFFICULTY ...: GUESS

PACKAGER ....: TEAM EAT
FORMAT ......: ZIP/RAR
ARCHIVE NAME.: eatdw5c1.zip
No OF DISKS .: XX/08

REQUIREMENTS .: Win2000/XP/2003/Vista
PRICE ........: 21.84 Euro
WEBSITE.......: http://www.drweb.com

RELEASE  NOTES

Doctor Web is a Russian IT-security solutions
vendor. Dr.Web anti-virus software has been
developed since 1992. The leader on the Russian IT
security services market, Doctor Web has been the
first vendor that offered an anti-virus as a service
in Russia. The company also offers proven anti-virus
and anti-spam solutions for businesses, government
entities, and personal use. We have a solid record
of detecting malicious programs, and we adhere to
all international security standards. Doctor Web has
received numerous certificates and awards our
satisfied customers spanning the globe are clear
evidence of the complete trust customers have in our
products.

Dr.Web anti-virus for Windows has very low system
requirements and runs smoothly even on low-end
hardware, while offering complete protection:
Anti-virus - best active infection curing
Anti-rootkit - reliable protection against
malicious programs featuring rootkit technologies
Anti-spyware - security of your personal
information - best of breed detection of Trojans
and key loggers

High detection rate and speed of scanning are not
the only criteria that determine the quality of an
anti-virus. It should also be capable of curing
files - restoring them to their original state
instead of deletion making sure that a user doesn't
lose important information. The capability to
operate in an infected system and exceptional
resistance to viruses make Dr.Web a stand-out among
anti-virus applications.

Improved Dr.Web has the industry-highest
successful rate of curing active infections.
Improved Unique technologies for scan of
processes in the memory and excellent curing
capabilities allow installing Dr.Web onto the
infected system without its preliminary curing.
High probability of a successful launch of the
scanning process in an infected system without an
installation using a removable media.
High-performance Dr.Web scanner scans boot
sectors, RAM, hard and removable drives, detects
and disarms viruses, Trojans and malware of any
other type.
Enhanced by Dr.Web ShieldT it also detects all
known rootkits and stealth-viruses.

E-mail remains one the most efficient ways to
deliver malware to a computer. SpIDer Mailr will
protect your system against cyber-evil and will scan
mail traffic "on the fly" to make sure you get only
clean messages free of malicious code or infected
attachments.

SpIDer Mail doesn't depend on an e-mail client and
won't delay receipt of e-mail.
It supports SMTP/POP3/NNTP/IMAP4 mail protocols
Individual rules can be created for different
types of malicious programs - viruses, riskware,
adware, hack tools, paid dialers and jokers.
The Virus activity control feature protects a
system against mass mailings performed by mail
worms. SpIDer Mail examines components of a
message and considers sending time in order to
determine if an outgoing message is a part of
malicious activities in a system.

Virus making and other Internet crimes are
well-organized businesses. Updating of virus
databases is essential for protection against such
threats. Constant monitoring and lots of customers
worldwide ensure prompt collection of information on
dangerous web-resources and retrieval of latest
samples of viruses that help keep protection of
users up-to-date.

Software can be set to update automatically,
on-demand or according to a schedule.
Update files are downloaded very quickly even if a
connection speed is low.
There are always available update servers.
No need to restart a computer after updating.
Dr.Web starts using the latest virus definitions
right away.


INSTALLATION NOTES

TLB'
Try it, Like it, Buy it

1. Unpack and install.
2. Browse to the provided key file when asked.
3. Select 'Custom installation' and when asked
un-select 'Update during installation'.
4. After install and initial scan is done disable
program components tray icon, right click,
select 'Update', 'Settings', then select 'Update
virus databases only'.
5. Disable original updater or remove drwebupw.exe
6. Use the included updater for automatic updates.
Manual updates are also available here:
 
http://download.drweb.com/bases

That's all... Enjoy -)

Always remember to block applications (or go off line) from calling
home 'during install'. Once installed, disable 'check for automatic
updates' option if available, so that you don't get it blacklisted.