Fast & The Furious Tokyo Drift [2006] DVDRip

Sean Boswell (Lucas Black), a young man with a talent for auto mechanics, has led a life of getting into trouble. His single mother has had to relocate to different cities with him every time his problems at school or with the local authorities escalate enough. One day, he gets into a street race against the school quarterback. Although the jock drives a Dodge Viper, he is unable to beat Sean who is driving a heavily-modified Chevrolet Monte Carlo. Both end up crashing and are subsequently taken to the police station, injured. The incident almost lands Sean in jail, and his mother, deciding not to deal with moving again, sends him to Tokyo to live with his father, stationed in Japan as a U.S. Naval officer. At his private school, Sean meets Twinkie (Bow Wow), a fellow American, who hustles pre-owned goods to their Japanese classmates. Twinkie introduces Sean to the world of drift racing. They later become good friends throughout the film.

Sean soon runs into Takashi (Brian Tee), also known as DK (short for Drift King), and his close friend Han Lue (Sung Kang), who was born and raised in America. Sean is seen by Takashi talking to Neela (Nathalie Kelley), Takashi's girlfriend, and when Takashi tells him to back down, Sean challenges him to a race using Han's car. Takashi wins, and Han's car, a Nissan S15 Silvia, is ruined. The next day Han meets Sean after school with his second car, a Mazda RX-7, and tells Sean that he must work for him to repay the damage done to the Silvia. Sean soon learns that Han is involved in a business partnership with Takashi.

Han becomes Sean's friend, and takes him under his wing when he leaves his father's home, teaching him how to drift, and providing him with some financial support. Han does this because Sean is the only one unafraid of Takashi (calling him Takashi's "kryptonite"). Sean slowly builds a reputation in the drift scene, and befriends Neela, who is also Sean's classmate. She reveals that she, like Sean, was also considered an "outsider" once, not being native to Japan. She explains that she and Takashi grew up together after her mother died. However, after seeing Sean with Neela and learning of their time spent together, Takashi beats Sean up and warns him to stay away from Neela. Angry after seeing Sean's bruises, Neela angrily leaves Takashi, to be with Sean.

Takashi's uncle, Kamata, a high ranking Yakuza (portrayed by Sonny Chiba), told him that there is a discrepancy in the books, and that Han must be cheating them out of money. Takashi confronts Han and his group with this discrepancy, and Han, Sean, and Neela flee before Takashi deals with the money laundering. A car chase ensues through the Tokyo streets, with Takashi chasing Han, and Morimoto chasing Sean. Morimoto tries to wreck Sean, but collides with another car, presumably killing himself. Takashi sees Morimoto's car in a massive car pile up, and catches up to Sean, he tries to wreck Sean; however, he is unsuccessful after Han slows him down. Takashi shoots at Han throughout the chase. Han drives across a junction and is hit by a Mercedes S Class, causing his car to flip over. Han's car starts to leak gasoline from the crash, and Han is unable to move due to injuries. As Sean and Neela finally catch up to Han, the gasoline leaked from the car reaches a nearby fire, triggering an explosion and killing Han. Sean and Neela go back to Sean's father's house, and Takashi comes to take Neela and kill Sean, but Sean's father threatens Takashi with his own gun. Neela voluntarily goes away with Takashi.

Much to Twinkie's dismay, Sean attempts to make amends by appealing to Takashi's uncle, returning the money Han stole and offering to challenge Takashi to an "honor race", a duel where whoever loses is run out of town. The race is on a tōge (mountain pass) that Takashi has the advantage on, since he's supposedly the only one to ever make it down to the bottom in one piece. Sean, Twinkie, and Han's crew borrow Sean's father's car, a 1967 Ford Mustang Fastback, and work on it. Since all the other cars were taken by the police, Sean and his team use the engine, an RB26DETT from the S15 Silvia Sean had ruined.

After a long race battle, Sean wins the race while Takashi survives a last-minute crash. Takashi's loss causes him to suffer a humiliating defeat at the hands of Sean, whom Takashi still considers an "outsider". Takashi's uncle tells Sean he is free to go, and Takashi presumably leaves Tokyo. Neela gets back with Sean.

Later, Sean is the new Drift King and is hanging out in the underground parking lot from earlier in the film with Han's Silvia (which has been completely repaired) and Neela, who is now his girlfriend. Twinkie comes up to Sean, saying someone wants to challenge him, which Sean accepts only after finding out the challenger knew Han. The mystery car driver who pulls up is none other than Dominic Toretto (portrayed by Vin Diesel, from the first The Fast and the Furious movie). Toretto and Sean hold a brief conversation, with Toretto saying that Han was a close friend of his. Neela counts off the race, the cars take off, and the movie ends without disclosing the race results.

PLEASE SEED, Thanks.