File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Forever and for Always" is a Grammy Award nominated song released by Canadian singer Shania Twain from her 2002 album Up!. The song was written by Mutt Lange and Twain. It was the third single on her album Up!. It was the most successful single in the United States. The single was released in the United Statesn radio on April 7, 2003. The video debuted on Country Music Television on April 26, 2003. The song was also used for Febreze: Scentstories promotion, in which Twain took part. In 2006, "Forever and for Always" was certified gold for 100,000 digital downloads in the U.S. by the RIAA.

"Forever and for Always" was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 2004, Best Country Song and Best Female Country Vocal Performance; however it lost in both categories. The song was also named Song of the Year at both the 2004 BMI Country Songwriter Awards and 2004 European BMI Awards.

The music video for "Forever and for Always" was shot at Bethells Beach in New Zealand in March 2003. It was directed by Paul Boyd, who shot her "When You Kiss Me" video around the same time also in New Zealand. It debuted on Country Music Television (CMT) on April 26, 2003. The video shows two children at the beach together, then shows them as teens, and eventually seniors, visualizing the theme of the song of staying together forever. The video was released with both the 'red' and 'green' versions, with each also having an 'all performance' video of Shania at the beach alone. The video released a 'blue' version internationally as well. The video won the Female Video of the Year Award at the 2004 CMT Flameworthy Awards, and was nominated for Video of the Year at the 2003 Canadian Country Music Awards, but lost to another song by Twain, "I'm Gonna Getcha Good!". The video is available on select singles and the DVD-Audio version of Up!.

Twain said there is something inspirational to her about people who start relationships when they are kids, and are still in love when they are older. Twain really enjoyed doing the video for the song, because she was able to realize that visually. She said it is one of her favorite songs.

Up! (stylized as :)p!) is the fourth studio album released in 2002 by Canadian singer Shania Twain. Three versions of the album were released: a country version (green disc), a pop version (red disc) and an international version (blue disc) in the style of Indian film music; all three discs contain exactly the same track listing and featured identifiable picture labels (for example, Shania sports a cowboy hat on the green country disc.) The country and pop versions were released together in North America, while the pop and international versions were released together outside of the U.S. and Canada. In the U.S., Up! debuted at number one with sales of 874,000 copies; to date, the album has sold over 16 million copies worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

