On autumn 2006 the basis was laid down for a new group from its two founding members, George G. /guitar (ex- Choir Macabre) and John K. /guitar (Afformance). The main concept would be experimentation in heavy music. Without pre-set ideas on how or what to play they've started rehearsing giving birth to the first main riffs that would later on constitute the nucleus of what was next to come. On this ride after a couple of months along came Serafim G. (Rojo/ The Wannaflies) on drums. A few rehearsals followed with this line-up so they all start realising their parts within this musical journey and how they could put their personal perspectives to the aid of the whole. Due to excessive professional and musical obligations with Afformace John K. after a while had to leave. Danny A. /bass, Serafim’s long-time friend and fellow musician with the psychedelic/stoner rock outfit Rojo, came in to save the day. The group re-started rehearsing in a more frequent and consistent manner to bring out the best possible of each member so that musical entity that would be later referred to as Brotherhood Of Sleep could be conceived grasped and in depth understood from everyone in the band.

...An ancient civilization descending ferociously through the sky. Low frequencies transmitting the Earth’s pulse deep in mountainous caverns where mystics in sacred slumber, share their secrets of old; giving way to the view of a Depthless Sea where all dreams seem to melt… The wind howls like a constant drumbeat above this small town of the East. Hate forecast for those who chose to baptise themselves in lies (yes, hate can sometimes be a noble virtue)…Love for the ones who choose to cherish and admire life’s beauty. Visualise the truth that was always within you. Listen.

Fall to your Mind’s Fire, Celebrate...


Current line-up 
George G. - Guitar (Choir Macabre)
John K. - Guitar (Afformance)
Serafim G. - Drums (Rojo, The Wannaflies) 
Danny A. - Bass 

Review:

10:49 PM EST, sitting alone in a hotel room in Cambridge, MA. Got the Ipods stuck in my ears, Brotherhood of Sleep’s debut is playing for the third time tonight. Perfect writing music to zone out to in front of laptops in dark, quiet hotel rooms all across this great land of ours.

This is the first record by Greek instrumental trio Brotherhood of Sleep. Very cool four tracker plus video housed in a custom textured digipack with gold etching. Immaculate, roomy production bolsters a Sabbathian ethos mixed with Los Natas and Colour Haze-like extended spacey jams with more sonic peaks and valleys than the Southern Sierra. More grooves than a 78, more bottom heavy low end than Oprah. The riffs are drippin' Doomage, it’s the stoney sort of Doom, less menacing perhaps because of a high groove factor and the fact that it’s infused with ample amounts of three-piece 70’s based aural exploration and a warm, Sleep-esque tone. Of special mention is drummer Serafim G (Uranium Cardinals), who is more Buddy Rich than John Bonham, laying down subtle Jazz fills and creative beats instead of pounding the drums into submission as might be expected. 

Fans of Sardonsis , Karma To Burn, the aforementioned Los Natas, Colour Haze or any of the early Stoner/Doom offerings might want to give this a listen. Nicely done. It’ll make great headphone music for the long plane ride back to LA tomorrow.

By Chris Barnes
June 18, 2009


Genre = Stoner / Doom Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = vbr

Track Listing
1. ...Of Fear Unspoken
2. Hate Forecast 
3. Into Our Sea Of Melting Dreams   
4. Haloweed 