Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Stand" is a song by R.E.M. released as the second single from the album Green in 1989. The song quickly rose up the charts, peaking at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming R.E.M.'s second top 10 hit in the United States. The song reached #48 on the UK Singles Charts. The song reached #16 in Canada.

The lyrics speak of finding direction in one's life ("Think about direction / Wonder why you haven't before"), and of doing more than only contemplating change or wishing for it ("If wishes were trees / The trees would be falling").

Michael Stipe has said of the song's origin that he and the other band members were discussing The Banana Splits, The Archies, The Monkees, and similar ’60s pop groups. “They threw these super bubblegummy songs at me, and I said, ‘I’ll raise you and see you one.’ And I wrote the most inane lyrics that I could possibly write. Now, it was a very intentional thing to do that. I really like most of those songs, in fact.”

"Weird Al" Yankovic parodied "Stand" for his 1989 album, UHF, as "Spam".

"Stand" was used as the opening theme to the early 1990s Fox comedy Get a Life, starring Chris Elliott.

The song was placed on R.E.M.'s Warner Bros. Records "best of" album In Time: The Best of R.E.M. 1988–2003 in 2003.

The song is an example of "truck driver's gear change", as the last two rounds of the chorus are each one whole step higher than the one previous.

Green is the sixth album by the American  band R.E.M.  It was their debut major label release for Warner Bros., released in November 1988. Green was notably the first album to feature two songs to reach the top spot on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, "Orange Crush," and "Stand."

R.E.M. is an American rock  band formed in Athens, Georgia, in 1980 by Michael Stipe (lead vocals), Peter Buck (guitar), Mike Mills (bass guitar), and Bill Berry (drums and percussion). R.E.M. was one of the first popular alternative rock bands, and gained early attention due to Buck's ringing, arpeggiated  guitar style and Stipe's unclear vocals. R.E.M. released its first single, "Radio Free Europe", in 1981 on the independent record label Hib-Tone. The single was followed by the Chronic Town EP in 1982, the band's first release on I.R.S. Records. In 1983, the band released its critically acclaimed debut album Murmur, and built its reputation over the next few years through subsequent releases, constant touring, and the support of college radio. Following years of underground success, R.E.M. achieved a mainstream hit in 1987 with the single "The One I Love". The group signed to Warner Bros. Records in 1988, and began to espouse political and environmental concerns while playing large arenas worldwide.

By the early 1990s, when alternative rock began to experience broad mainstream success, R.E.M. was viewed as a pioneer of the genre and released its two most commercially successful albums, Out of Time (1991) and Automatic for the People (1992), which veered from the band's established sound. R.E.M.'s 1994 release Monster was a return to a more rock-oriented sound. The band began its first tour in six years to support the album; the tour was marred by medical emergencies suffered by three band members. In 1996, R.E.M. re-signed with Warner Bros. for a reported US$80 million, at the time the most expensive recording contract in history. The following year, Bill Berry left the band, while Buck, Mills, and Stipe continued the group as a three-piece. Through some changes in musical style, the band continued its career into the next decade with mixed critical and commercial success. In 2007, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/