Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Let the Guilt Go" is a song written and recorded by American rock band Korn, and the second single for their ninth studio album, Korn III: Remember Who You Are. It was released on July 26, 2010.

The music video for "Let the Guilt Go" was premiered on September 2, 2010. The video begins with a view from inside a helicopter, flying over the crop fields of Bakersfield, with a number of crop circles visible below. It then cuts between footage of the band performing in said field, and a group of students who are studying, being approached and messed around with by a couple of college football bullies before being left alone. That night, the three students are driving by one of the crop fields when they spot a bright light coming from the sky; one of the passengers, a girl (portrayed by Amber Bollinger), leaves the vehicle and enters the bright light. She is momentarily picked up off the ground by the light, before being dropped back to earth moments later.

The next day, the girl arrives at school dressed much more provocatively, which attracts the attention of the bullies from the day before. In class, the girl attracts the attention of one of the bullies, who fails to notice her testing newly acquired telekinesis on a pencil, which she then launches into a picture of the very same bully. A following night, the two travel to a "make out spot", where the bully tries to force himself upon the girl. A bright flash of light explodes from within the car, and the video cuts to the girl throwing her head back as if to climax sexually; the boy having exploded into white smoke. The girl leaves the car, and walks off.

The video then cuts to a final shot of the cropfield in nighttime, where there is a large crop circle with the words "KoЯn III" present in the middle.

Korn III: Remember Who You Are is the ninth studio album by American metal band Korn, released on July 13, 2010. The band hired Ross Robinson, who produced their first two albums to again act as producer, and drummer Ray Luzier to act as permanent drummer, instead of a live fill-in as he had been previously. The album was recorded as a four-piece band, using no Pro Tools or editing, unlike Korn's more recent albums. Vocalist Jonathan Davis says the album is "simple" in that it is not as multi-layered as Korn's other recent albums, but "it's about the vibe."

After releasing their untitled eighth album in July 2007 through their two-record deal with Virgin Records, Korn took a ten-month hiatus so that the members could focus on different projects. Guitarist James "Munky" Shaffer started the recording of his side-project Fear and the Nervous System's debut album. In July, Shaffer reported on the band's MySpace page that the album would not be released August 8, 2008 as previously mentioned. Bassist Reginald "Fieldy" Arvizu recorded guitars for the as of yet unreleased StillWell debut album Surrounded by Liars. Vocalist Jonathan Davis recorded his first solo album along with his back-up band the SFA's who also backed Davis on his Alone I Play tour.

When getting back into the studio for the recording of the band's ninth studio album, Korn hired Ross Robinson, whom the band had previously worked with for the recording of their first two albums, Korn and Life Is Peachy, to act as producer. They also hired drummer Ray Luzier, whom they had previously toured with, to replace former drummer David Silveria as of now. This will be Luzier's first appearance on a Korn album. During this time the band was unsigned and funded the recording of the album and the Escape From the Studio Tour themselves.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/