Pearl Mountain Soft Picture Collage Maker Pro 2.1.3.2505

Creating Photo Collages and Digital Scrapbooks from your digital photos
Picture Collage Maker is a simple-to-use Windows program that turns ordinary photos and pictures into stunning keepsakes to share with family and friends. With just a few clicks, you can create digital collages, scrapbooks, posters, invitations, calendars, and greeting cards.

What can Picture Collage Maker Pro do?
You can create photo collage, scrapbook, calendar, greeting card, invitation card, poster, and any photo-related artworks that you can imagine for all the memorable occasions such as Baby shower, Wedding, Birthday, Party, Holidays... It is excellent for your own appreciation or sharing with friends.

How can you benefit from Picture Collage Maker Pro?
* Improve your efficiency :130+ deluxe templates and 'Collage Wizard' make you create your
  collage within 5 minutes.
* Transform your ordinary photos and pictures into Precious Memories
* The best way to Share photos with your friends.

Is Picture Collage Maker Pro easy to use?
Picture Collage Maker Pro is extremely user-friendly. Unlike photography software that takes days to master, Picture Collage Maker Pro lets both seasoned collagers and new hobbyists become productive in minutes.


Choose from hundreds of collage templates
Picture Collage Maker comes with a library of professionally-drawn templates that offer you a wide variety of photo layouts and backgrounds for your collage. You have complete control over paper size and orientation. Watch collage samples

Personalize your photo collage with your own digital photo
Relive your favorite events and travels in your living room watching those slideshow would be a great thing of life. Or, to plan a party, gather friends or family together and enjoy home movies on your large screen TV, which will take them on a beautiful trip down memory lane.

Decorate your photo collage with frames, masks, text and cliparts
Picture Collage Maker comes with a large collection of beautiful picture frames that you can add to any of your photos. In addition to traditional frames, the program also has masks that you can apply to each individual picture, allowing you to change the shape of each image.It's easy to add text, in any color or size, anywhere on your collage. You can further personalize your creation by adding clipart, from team mascots and company logos, to holiday images.

Print or email your collage direct to friends and family
You can save your project for future updating, save it as a jpeg file to send to your friends, or turn it into a template that you can use as the basis for future collages. You can even make your collage your Windows wallpaper.

Collage Wizard
As easy as it is to use Picture Collage Maker, the program makes it even easier. The Picture Collage Maker wizard takes you step-by-step through the process, making it ideal for younger children to use.

Calendar
Picture Collage Maker has a generous selection of features, each designed to assist you in creating custom calendars with ease and personality. You can make calendars for your family, office, club or church group that can include everything from pictures to logos to text, then print and share or keep on your active desktop.

Greeting Card
With Picture Collage Maker, you can build a greeting card in seconds or spend more time creating keepsakes that your family and friends will treasure for years to come.No more stale holiday cards made of cardstock only—your greeting cards can be made with heart.

Windows 2000,XP,2003,Vista

Hompage: http://www.pearlmountainsoft.com/index.html


Install, Use keygen to register.