"The setting is a few hours before the Allied invasion of Normandy; the 101st Airborne Division (the Screaming Eagles) is to be parachuted in groups all over Normandy in order to create enough havoc and mayhem to disrupt and distract the German Army from rushing reinforcements to the Normandy beachheads before they can be properly secured by the invading forces. You take control over one such group, a "stick" or planeload of 18 paratroopers. After picking one of nine campaigns (basically initial mission objectives), you are then assigned the task of picking, outfitting, and equipping each of the 18 paratroopers to accompany the mission. Forty-eight troops are available, each with varying skills and abilities - it's your job to sort out which is best for the mission. This can be done either individually or by an auto feature for each area, which speeds up things tremendously, though players with a bit more time on their hands will probably want to fine-tune things a bit.

After the troops are ready and the drop arrangement is set, it's time to take off and drop into enemy territory. One of the great things about 101 is that it does a very good job of simulating the chaos and uncertainty of airborne combat operations. Any number of things can happen to the men when they drop out of the plane: They can land safely, injure themselves on landing, get lost or become completely attached from the rest of the stick, or worse, have a parachute fail. The equipment bags carrying much of the heavy ordnance and supplies can get lost. The men can wind up scattered throughout the entire game region. Better yet, some men can land right in the middle of a patrolling German squad. Those minutes and even hours spent equipping the troops will seem like a tremendous waste of time if most of the equipment is lost.

101 uses an overhead tactical view to display the action. The graphics are nice and functional - nothing great, but they serve their purpose. Each of the soldiers is meticulously animated, and the terrain shows everything you'd expect in Normandy: roads, trails, hedgerows, copses of trees, shrubs, buildings, and so on. 101uses a turn-based point-driven engine, where each soldier is assigned a number of action points (APs) each one-minute turn, and every individual move (of which there are 24) uses up a certain number of APs. The order in which they get to activate is determined by each soldier's initiative."

A true classic.