Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 15
Episode Name: The Power Of Madonna
Original Air Date on TV: April 20, 2010


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

Coach Sue Sylvester has her cheerleaders, or Cheerios, emulate Madonna, so that they will be more empowered in their cheerleading routines. Continuing her blackmail of Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba) from "Hell-O", Sue has Madonna tracks played over the school intercom throughout the day. Glee club director Will Schuester overhears the girls in the club discussing difficulties they are having in relationships and life. Rachel (Lea Michele) asks the other girls for advice on a boy pressuring her to have sex, while Tina (Jenna Ushkowitz) tells them that Artie (Kevin McHale) has asked her to start wearing more revealing clothes if she wants to be with him. When Will observes the Cheerios performing a routine with stilts to "Ray of Light", he is inspired to set a Madonna-themed assignment to restore the girls to equal status. The male club members are unimpressed (except for Kurt), even when the girls perform "Express Yourself". As club co-captains, Rachel and Finn (Cory Monteith) also perform a mash-up of "Borderline" and "Open Your Heart".

When Will ridicules Sue's fashion sense, club members Kurt (Chris Colfer) and Mercedes (Amber Riley) give her a makeover, recreating Madonna's "Vogue" video. Guidance counsellor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) is inspired by Madonna's example, and tells Will that she intends to lose her virginity to him that evening. Santana (Naya Rivera) offers to take Finn's virginity, and Rachel and her boyfriend Jesse St. James (Jonathan Groff) also decide to have sex, leading to a dream sequence performance of "Like a Virgin" between all three couples. Ultimately, Emma and Rachel do not go through with it, but Finn does sleep with Santana. He later hides this from Rachel, having concluded that the sex was meaningless, and that he truly regretted it; this is contrasted with Rachel, who despite not going through with it, claims she did as she realized it was no big deal.

Jesse transfers to William McKinley High School, leaving his rival glee club Vocal Adrenaline to join New Directions, so that he and Rachel can be openly together. There is resistance from the group, who believe that this will result in fewer solos, and suspect that Jesse is a spy for his former club. In retaliation, Kurt and Mercedes join the Cheerios and perform "4 Minutes" with them during a school assembly. They tell Will that they were unhappy about never having solos, and will be in both groups. The boys sing "What It Feels Like for a Girl", and decide to treat the girls better. Artie apologizes to Tina for his prior misogynistic behavior, and they kiss. The episode ends with Finn welcoming Jesse into New Directions and letting him and Rachel know he won't interfere in their relationship, despite the fact that the two still have feelings for one another. The entire glee club sings "Like a Prayer" backed by a gospel choir, with Kurt and Mercedes each having a solo in the song.

I Will Be Uploading All Glee Episodes As Single Files Then All Together (:
I Will Also Be Uploading All Albums To Each Season (:

Enjoy (: & Please Seed 

Thanks

- [Np]
