MAGNETIC ENERGY
TO HEAL THE PLANET


In January 1985, the Creator of the Universe, the Total Mind and Total Energy of All (this is what the source of our information identified itself as) initiated a process with our small group to pass along a message to the residents of Earth. The Creator Force spoke to a woman and asked if It could use her mind. Most of the information was given directly to her in a clear and unmistakable voice from within. It also communicated in other ways to other people and validated the accuracy of all of It's information with many small miracles. The message was to tell people how to construct magnetically activated devices for our continuance, along with some details about how our universal systems actually function. To that end, we carefully recorded how the devices were to be made, and we are attempting to share them by sending drawings and explanations to people around the world.

We were told that all of these units are already functioning at different places in the Universe. A summary of the basic message that was repeated to us over the years explains exactly WHY we need to start using magnetic current for our survival. Here then is the heart of the message we were instructed to share. First, we must stop creating certain forms of pollution. Electrical, nuclear, and chemical pollution must stop. The worldwide overuse of electricity is thinning and destroying the ionosphere which we depend on for our survival. The radioactive pollution we have created is slowly damaging our cellular structure. The chemicals we release into our environment will prevent the regeneration of life if we continue to poison ourselves. Second, in the near future the magnetic axis of the earth will shift. The message of the greatest importance is that after the shift, ELECTRICITY WILL NOT WORK. The new Earth polarity will not allow present generators to gather magnetic molecular structures from the ionosphere and then form them into electrons. It is time for a new scientific paradigm to emerge on this planet. We must abandon all theories and practices that do not ensure our long-term survival. This information for survival is directed to the general population and is kept very basic. We must at least make some of these magnetic devices and then use them as SEEDS to spread magnetic energy after the pole shift. We can usher in our golden age of civilization where everyone can use free magnetic energy, or we can continue along our current path of destruction and our struggle to survive will take place in an unbelievably harsh environment.

We are providing information to construct a number of magnetic devices that can supply all our energy needs. Please use the principles provided on this web site to complete your own projects, we may have the missing links you need. The circuitry, the magnet compositions, the hardware compositions, the revolutions per minute, the coil arrangements - please gather as much insight for your own free energy projects as you can. This technology will work after a pole shift. In an enlightened world all people are provided with their basic necessities simply because they are human. With this technology, food, water, shelter, power, transportation and essential material goods can be given to all people without depleting the system. In order to be consistent with this philosophy we cannot charge people for this service. We urge you to freely disseminate all this information as much as possible in hopes that companies, organizations, governments, etc. can help people out of the oppression of lacking the basics for survival.

The magnetic energy we are referring to could be called the Life Force Energy. It manifests in an infinite variety of forms, sustaining all life. These devices harness this natural flow allowing us to use this limitless supply of energy. Our current methods of providing energy have negative, often deadly effects on all life forms. These magnetic energy devices provide pollution free energy, and they will not deplete our natural resources. 

The following devices all utilize different forms of magnetic flowing current. It is importantto note that we are redefining the term 'magnetism'. Magnetism is not simply a manifestation of North and South polarities, but has unending varieties and forms. The generating units on this web site each produce a specific magnetic current that is only compatible with the device(s) designed to receive that energy form. Also, each unit contributes important theoretical information explaining the various properties of magnetic energy. Some important points are repeated on several units. 

We feel that because these devices are truly gifts from the Creator Force, we cannot take credit for them, so names will not be mentioned.

Please note that it is critical to follow the assembly instructions, even if they do not appear to make sense; all the necessary understanding should become clearer as you begin to explore these new principles. We will answer any questions you have regarding theory and construction. The drawings are simple enough to be user friendly on the internet but complete enough to work with. 

We will provide larger drawings upon request. 

Thank you for assisting us in this dissemination of
information; together we can begin to help people think "magnetically".
