2010 Heartland Highway   CD    
RKM2-61300

1 Great Escape   3:22 
2 Stay Awhile   4:00 
3 Far Away   4:42 
4 Let The Fire Burn   3:08 
5 At Your Worst   3:16 
6 The Saddest Song (Not Coming Home)   4:35 
7 Where You're Going   2:49 
8 Complicate   3:13 
9 She's Got A Hold Of Me   3:47 
10 Lessons In Love, Hope & Faith: Part 1. The Road   5:14 
11 Lessons In Love, Hope & Faith: Part 2. Snow Globe World   4:16 
12 Lessons In Love, Hope & Faith: Part 3. Behind The Sun   6 


there's a moving saxophone solo at the end of a song trilogy written and produced by bassist Jett Beres. The CD's finale, "Love, Hope and Faith" consists of three songs dedicated to three women Beres adores — his wife ("The Road"), his daughter ("Snow Globe World") and his late mother ("Meet Me Behind the Sun").

Beres said he worked through the trilogy as the songs appear on the disc, starting with "The Road," a nod to a long relationship that has endured the ups and downs of a traveling musician. "That's when the whole thing took shape conceptually — the road of life," Beres said.

The road is a common theme on the new disc from a platinum-selling band that has been together — with the same line-up — for 16 years. Most are family men with little Hazels running about, so touring is not as relentless as it once was. But relentless is a relative term; the quintet still tours hard, and now they often bring their kids along for the ride.

"I think our lives have been defined, in one dimension, as being gypsies," said lead singer Ken Block. "We've been at this a long time now. We've spent an awful lot of time bouncing from state to state. I can be in my bunk and tell you when we cross a state line by the different hum of the highway."

"Heartland Highway" tips its hat to the great catalogue of endorphin-sparking road songs. Think the Allman's Brother's instrumental "Jessica" or REM's frantic caffeine classic "It's the End of the World As We Know It."

"Those are the records I've always loved when I was growing up, the ones you can put on and they're going to take you for a ride as you're taking a ride," Block added.

Sister Hazel created "Heartland Highway" the way it created 2009's retail and online success "Release" and 2007's "Santa's Playlist." The band used songs from all five members. But they took that one step further for "Heartland Highway."

The songwriters produced their respective tracks and guided their development.

"This time, whoever brought in the song would be the person we would defer to," said lead guitarist Ryan Newell. "We've been a band for so long that we know each other's strengths and weaknesses, and ultimately we end up being the best producers for this band."

"It all tracks back to our holiday record," added guitarist and singer Drew Copeland. "Then we did it on ‘Release,' and that went well. We just keep making little tweaks here and there to change the process, to make it better and better each time."

The new disc also has Southern rock edges and some longer, anthemic tracks.

"I definitely think we've covered some ground Sister Hazel has never covered before," Newell said. "We certainly weren't afraid to take chances on this record. There's everything from country-sounding music to what we normally do to Beatle-esque songs.

Still, the band contends the Hazel sound remains. Present are the acoustic-tinged familiar elements that still attract loyal Hazelnuts of many ages who follow this band from venue to venue, year after year.

"I don't think there was a point that we wanted to change the sound of the band, but this (CD) was a way to bring a fresh approach to the music than just going off in a different direction or chasing something else," said drummer Mark Trojanowski.

In the end, noted Block, "the sound of the five of us behind our instruments sounds like Sister Hazel."

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed


