U2unes is back.  Check this one out.
=====

U2
11-MAY-93
Rotterdam
Feyenoord Stadium

Three Nights And The Truth
 

Disc 1:

01. Television, The Drug Of The Nation 
02. Zoo Station 
03. The Fly 
04. Even Better Than The Real Thing 
05. Mysterious Ways 
06. One 
07. Unchained Melody 
08. Until The End Of The World  
09. New Year's Day 
10. Wild Rover 
11. Tryin' To Throw Your Arms Around The World 
12. Angel Of Harlem 
13. Slow Dancing 
14. I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For 
15. Satellite Of Love 
16. Bad

Disc 2:

01. Bullet The Blue Sky 
02. Running To Stand Still 
03. Where The Streets Have No Name 
04. Pride (in The Name Of Love) 
05. Video Confessionals 
06. Desire
07. Macphisto Phone Call 
08. Ultraviolet (light My Way) 
09. With Or Without You 
10. Love Is Blindness 
11. Can't Help Falling In Love
12. Dirty Old Town 
13. When Love Comes To Town 
14. Macphisto Phone Call 
15. Party Girl 
16. My Girl 
17. I Will Follow 
18. Sunday Bloody Sunday 
19. Macphisto Phone Call
20. Are You Lonesome Tonight
 
Source :
Disc 1, Disc 2 (1-11): May 11, 1993. Rotterdam, Holland. Feyenoord Stadium.
Disc 2 (12-14): May 9, 1993. Rotterdam, Holland. Feyenoord Stadium. 
Disc 2 (15-20): May 10, 1993. Rotterdam, Holland. Feyenoord Stadium. 

Comments:
This is the last of three consecutive concerts U2 played at Feyenoord Stadium to commence their Zooropa '93 Tour. 
Whenever they play multiple gigs at one location, the last night's kind of special and this one's no exception. 
The band made quite a few mistakes (maybe 'cause it was the day after Bono's birthday?), but the atmosphere was exuberant. 
The first disc has the complete intro with the drummer boy and European anthem before "Zoo Station". 
During "The Fly" Bono messes up the "Achtung y'all!"-part and has to improvise his way out of it. 
Before the channel hopping, he thanks the crowd for having them three nights in a row. 
"Until The End Of The World" and "New Year's Day" sound fantastic. 
Bono then introduces Larry, who comes forward to hold a little speech before singing "Wild Rover". 
He gets a loud cheer from the Dutch crowd. 
The girl that Bono brings up for "Tryin' To Throw Your Arms Around The World" sings a few lines and even gets a kiss from him.
At the end of the song Bono sums it up perfectly by adding "Gonna be alright.. Zoo TV tonight... Everything alright... 
a little off-key tonight... that's alright... There's no tomorrow night". 
The acoustic set is truly one of the best of the whole tour. 
Bono improvises a few lines during "Angel Of Harlem" and "Slow Dancing" makes a very rare appearance. 
The highlight, however, is the semi-acoustic and extended version of "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For". 
It sounds simply amazing. To make it even more superb, Bono sings an extra verse in the middle of the song. 
During "Bad" he adds snippets of a song I don't know (anyone?). 
"All I Want Is You" is only about 30 seconds long. "Bullet The Blue Sky" sees more improvisation by Bono. 
"Running To Stand Still" segues beautifully into "Where The Streets Have No Name". 
As usual on the Zoo TV tours, "Pride (In The Name Of Love)" features the speech by Martin Luther King. 
Unlike most other Zoo TV bootlegs, this one has the complete video confessionals and the singing Russian cosmonaut 
before "Desire". MacPhisto's speech about the invention of rock-and-roll is very weird. 
He phones the residence of Queen Beatrix, but (as usual) doesn't get past the receptionist, who promptly hangs up on him. 
"With Or Without You" is rather short, but has the "We'll Shine Like Stars"-part. 
"Love Is Blindness" and "Can't Help Fallin' In Love" end a great show. 
The bonus tracks on the second disc are taken from the two other nights at Feyenoord Stadium. 
They're all very rare performances. 
Larry sings The Dubliners' "Dirty Old Town" and Bono improvises some lines during "When Love Comes To Town". 
On his debut, MacPhisto sings a few lines from the Dutch song that won the Eurovision song contest in 1975. 
The second night features some nice surprises as well. 
The Edge performs "Party Girl" solo for the first time in his life, with a nice birthday song for Bono on top of it. 
Also included are rare performances of "My Girl" (with improvised lyrics), "I Will Follow" (dedicated to the Paradiso) 
and "Sunday Bloody Sunday". Bono's birthday show ends with the only-ever performance of Elvis' "Are You Lonesome Tonight?". 
The sound is excellent throughout the whole concert. Even the bonus tracks sound very good to excellent. 
In my opinion this is the best of all Rotterdam 1993 bootlegs.
Deluxe color cover. Very limited edition. Only 25 copies. This is a bootleg from the Netherlands.
This is the original pressing on this label.



