The same album - right copy

Joyous Light could be the crossover sensation of the year, appealing to an audience that few record marketers or classical artists ever think of: yogis, healers, New Agers, college kids and stoners. Actually, the core demographic won't need drugs. Just listen for a few minutes to this music, and you'll be plunged into a long-lasting trance state without any chemical catalyst. Assembled and arranged by Petros Shoujounian in honor of the 1,700th anniversary of the establishment of Christianity as the national religion of Armenia, these ancient melodies--many purportedly dating back to the fourth century--just beg for candles, incense and meditation, no matter whether you're genuflecting or assuming the lotus position.

Canadian soprano with Armenian roots, Isabel Bayrakdarian sings 18 Armenian lithurgical songs on this, her first solo album from 2002 ,entitled "Joyous light". Potential listeners should not be deterred by the cover, which admittedly is not well chosen to convey the very deepfelt and genuine impression of this album.

It is simply an extremely beautiful collection of music, with which Isabel Bayrakdarian quite obviously has been familiar from childhood and which suits her voice beautifully, appearing entirely unstrained. She is accompanied by Elmer Iseler Singers and Chamber orchestra conducted by Raffi Armenian, but sings some a cappella tracks as well.

The recording of this disc was inspired by the commemoration of 1700 years of Christianity in Armenia in 2001. Highly recommended for those interested in exploring this type of music.

1. Where Are You, O Mother 
2. You Are A Profound Mystery 
3. Trisagion - Isabel Bayrakdarian 
4. We Celebrate 
5. Chosen Of God 
6. Joyous Light - Isabel Bayrakdarian 
7. My Heart Trembles 
8. Lord Have Mercy - Isabel Bayrakdarian 
9. Entrance To The Tabernacle 
10. The Fowl 
11. The Mother Of The Lord 
12. Open For Us, Lord - Isabel Bayrakdarian 
13. Be Delighted, O Holy Church 
14. Rejoice, O Holy Church - Isabel Bayrakdarian 
15. You Are The Only Holy One 
16. Doxology 
17. O Gardener 
18. The Lord's Prayer
