Platform: Windows 95, 98, ME, NT4, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, Windows 7.

                          Not tested on 64 bit systems.

Please seed (share) these programs. Most people (just like me when I started) don't know how to do this. It simply means that when the download is complete, don't press stop or close down your program. It will then be available to anyone who wants to download it from you. Thanks.

Sorry this description is rather long but this software is made of diamonds !!!


You don't have to download all five of these programs but they're not very big (7mb total)!!

                   Hare: the best acceleration utility for PC.

With Hare, accelerate any computer up to 300%, even latest generation PCs; simply install Hare and be accelerated.

                     Accelerate your computer automatically.

Hare doesn't use "classic" acceleration methods, such as a few registry tweaks, and few modified settings. Hare will improve performance no matter what software you use, thanks to a revolutionary compact 88-bit Kernel, which accelerates common system instructions. In addition to that, Hare has a very complete CPU Tasking technology designed to fit your needs; Hare determines automatically what program you use, and how much CPU it must allocate to it.

                    Mem Doubler or intelligent RAM management.

There are dozens of RAM defragmentation software for PC; forget them all. Mem Doubler has a unique function which is able to determine when your RAM needs to be defragmented! Just tick a checkbox, and Mem Doubler will adapt to your computing style.

                          Automatic RAM preservation.

How can you run over thirty heavy programs such as Adobe Photoshop or Macromedia Dreamweaver with only 256Mb of RAM? With Hare, and its "Automatic RAM preservation" function: it distributes RAM to programs when they need it, not when they want it.

                              Accelerate games .

With a set of pre-programmed instructions compatible with nearly all PC games, GameZap will increase your game's frames per second by near 10% in most cases. And GameZap is compatible with OpenGL!

Hare features a state-of-art interface, extremely easy to use. Our interface fully respects Microsoft's guidelines and is very intuitive. Most of the time, you won't have to configure Hare, since it works in background, but if you want for example to check out how much free memory you have, or if you feel like fine-tweaking Hare, you'll be delighted by its ease of use, eye-candy icons and comprehensive wizards.

Hare features other great functions, such as WinOptimize, a wizard that automatically cleans and optimizes Windows! It is impossible to list all of Hare's functions on a single webpage, so why don't you find out what it feels to have a really fast computer?

              AntiCrash: the most powerful anti-crash tool for PC.

AntiCrash can intercept and fix up to 95.8% crashes, errors, freezes and blue screens. When a crash occurs, AntiCrash fixes it automatically; you have nothing to do!

New! AntiCrash now also includes a unique technology, AutoRepair™. With AutoRepair™, scan & repair all your computer problems with a single click - AutoRepair™ automatically determines what is wrong on your computer with an advanced Artificial Intelligence system, and fixes it instantly!

                   Total protection from crashes and freezes.

AntiCrash protects your computer like no other software can. AntiCrash not only protects you against 95.8% crashes, but it also automatically fixes the crashes; you don't have to do anything, AntiCrash does all the work for you! AntiCrash is also the only software capable of intercepting blue screens and freezes.

                        AutoRepair technology included.

With AutoRepair, using dozens of separate tools to scan your computer is now forgotten. AutoRepair can find and repair thousands of thousands of problems, with its built-in advanced Artificial Intelligence - all automatically!

                     Anti-boot system for Yahoo Messenger.

Because sometimes hackers can be just as dangerous as crashes, AntiCrash introduces BootSafe, your ticket for boot-free chatting with Yahoo. If a malicious user tries to boot you, BootSafe intercepts it and deactivates the attempt. You can even configure AntiCrash to ignore certain User ID's!

                       Files protected from corruption.

Sometimes, a crash can corrupt your data. Not with AntiCrash, and its built-in safeguard Lifebelt. Lifebelt will automatically backup a copy of all open files if a crash occurs, making it sure for you to always recover all the files you were working on.

In addition to revolutionary technologies and near-to-perfect performance, AntiCrash features a state-of-art interface, extremely easy to use. Our interface fully respects Microsoft's guidelines and is very intuitive. Most of the time, you don't have to do anything at all, since AntiCrash works in the background but should you decide to explore its interface and expert features, you'd be surprised how ease of use can mix with advanced functionality.

                               Smart Software™.

AntiCrash is adaptive and knows what to let you know and when. If you forget to run AutoRepair, it will automatically remind you to do so; the Main Menu allows you to know AntiCrash's status in a glance; and the list goes on. 

AntiCrash features other great functions, such as damaged file recovery or lost data recovery! It is impossible to list all of AntiCrash's functions on a single webpage, so why don't you find out yourself how simple, efficient and complete it is?


                 Battery Doubler: double your battery's autonomy.

Battery Doubler can double your battery's autonomy with little to no concessions. Install Battery Doubler, unplug AC power and experience total laptop freedom!

Before, your only solution to have a decent battery for your laptop was to buy an extra one. Now, there's a lighter, more efficient, and cheaper alternative: Battery Doubler! Because it doesn't use standard techniques (dim screen light, etc.), but finds out what to turn off what isn't needed, such as, for example, the USB ports, you can get up to twice autonomy without sacrificing comfort.

                           Decrease recharge time.

Your battery recharges much faster if your computer isn't turned on. That's a fact. Let Battery Doubler redefine a few computer facts - with its Turbo Charge technology, increase up to 10% battery recharge speed when your computer is turned on.

                       Recalibrate damaged batteries.

After using your battery a lot without paying attention to discharging and recharging it fully every time, its performance becomes very low. With Battery Doubler, simply run the recalibration wizard that does the entire job for you - automatically!

From the configuration window to the battery status indicator, Battery Doubler excels at ease-of use. Our interface fully respects Microsoft's guidelines and is very intuitive. Because you don't always want to read a 300-page manual before using software, you will understand how to use Battery Doubler in no time.

Battery Doubler features other great functions, such as telling you in hours:minutes your battery's autonomy! It is impossible to list all of Battery Doubler's functions on a single webpage, so why don't you find out how much better your laptop is with it?

                       Zoom: boost startups and shutdowns.

With Zoom, accelerate startups, shutdowns, standbys, hibernations, and more. Stop waiting for your computer to startup and use that time to do more interesting things!

Zoom doesn't only accelerate shutdowns. By putting all startup items, including DOS ones, into cache, it can also accelerate startups up to 200%!

Faster standby and resume, too. If you have a laptop, you certainly use standby and hibernation more than shutdown. They can also be accelerated by Zoom. What's more, Zoom will also accelerate resuming from standby and hibernation; wake your computer up from standby in a few seconds only!

                          More control over shutdown.

Zoom gives you control over what your computer does. For example, you can instruct it to display a dialog box on shutdown, if you shut down your computer by mistake. Or perhaps you would like Zoom to automatically reboot a server when it needs to? With the "Detected required reboots" function, all you have to do is to tick a checkbox and Zoom will do the rest for you.

Zoom's goal is to win time, not to lose some. Zoom's interface fully respects Microsoft's guidelines and is very intuitive. Zoom has a zero learning curve; if you know how to startup your computer, you'll know how to use Zoom.

Zoom features other great functions, such as an improved shutdown dialog box, more convenient than the Windows' one! It is impossible to list all of Zoom's functions on a single webpage, so why don't you quit waiting for your computer to become operational?

                  Juggle Mouse: add a mouse trail to your PC.

With Juggle Mouse, enhance your cursor by adding a small trail under it, and enjoy a unique personalization utility!

Decorative and eye-candy. You will become addicted to Juggle Mouse after just a few minutes of usage. It will add a colourful and decorative touch to your computer: Juggle Mouse is very cool to look at, but what is funnier is that you interact with it by moving the mouse! Because Juggle Mouse is built on a modular architecture which allows you to choose different themes that you can download or even create yourself, you'll never get bored by it.

Cool visual effects. Who said translucent effects were only good for games? With Juggle Mouse, you can set your mouse trail to be translucent; you'll actually be able to see behind it! It creates a magical effect that looks a little like glass. Juggle Mouse also features other astonishing visual effects that are all fully configurable.

Small memory & CPU footprint. Juggle Mouse is a rock-solid software that will never crash on your computer, but more than that, it requires very little resources to run: less than 2Mb of RAM and very low CPU usage. Because we believe that a decoration utility is here to decorate, not to hog your PC, you'll be able to use Juggle Mouse on your computer without slowdowns in any application.

                           Create your own themes.

Enjoying and playing with great themes is a good thing. But wouldn't you also like to build your own themes? With Juggle Mouse, it is as easy as launching the Theme Builder, selecting the images and clicking "Build"! You'll even be able to submit us your theme for inclusion in our Theme Gallery.

And much more 
More fun features await you in Juggle Mouse, so why don't you try it now?