DIANA ROSS -  Take Me Higher (1995)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD.
Number of tracks 13.

Wikipedia bio:

"Take Me Higher is a 1995 album by American soul singer Diana Ross released on the Motown label. The album featured production from urban adult contemporary producers such as Narada Michael Walden, Brenda Russell, Jon-John and the Boom Brothers, the latter two coming from Babyface's production company. The album yielded the UK hits "Take Me Higher", "Gone" and her dance cover of Gloria Gaynor's gay anthem "I Will Survive"."

Amazon.com review:

"Take Me Higher" (1995) strikes a polished balance between contemporary soul and the glossy pop drama Ross is best known for. The invigorous title track kicks the collection off with a bubbly, retro-disco groove that is easily Ross' best dance tune of the 1990's. The second track, "If You're Not Gonna Love Me Right," is a radio-friendly R&B groove with an instantly catchy hook. "Keep it Right There" is another fine, sultry R&B number, while "Don't Stop" is a saucy trifle featuring a cute rap interlude by the Boom Brothers. A surprisingly fresh cover of "I Will Survive" seems particularly resonant for this industry veteran. The ballads, however, are where Ross really shines. The shimmering "Voice of the Heart" contains a lovely, glistening vocal. The gentle Latin flourishes on "I Never Loved a Man Before" create a smooth, sexy ambience. The excellent "Gone" has Ross singing in a throaty lower register, and masterfully handling a wordy mouthful of lyrics. While the sentiments of "Only Love Can Conquer All" veer close to hokum, Ross' sincere, strong performance makes it sound convincing. The standout performance is "I Thought That We Were Still in Love," set against a quiet, jazzy backdrop. Ross sings with a delicacy and nuance that has been missing from her most recent work, and her thoroughly involved reading of the lyric reminds us that she is an Oscar-nominated actress as well. The production is uniformly sophisticated and slick; it's a credit to Ross and her team that despite four separate producers (Narada Michael Walden; Nick Martinelli; Brenda Russell; and Jon-Jon), the album still creates a cohesive atmosphere and flow. Ross is still in top form here, and has produced what is easily her most enjoyable album of the decade."
 

TRACK LIST

Take Me Higher
===============

01. Take Me Higher
02. If You're Not Gonna Love Me Right
03. I Never Loved A Man Before
04. Swing It
05. Keep It Right There
06. Don't Stop
07. Gone 
08. I Thought That We Were Still In Love
09. Voice Of The Heart
10. Only Love Can Conquer All
11. I Will Survive
+
12. Let Somebody Know (US bonus track)
13. Voice Of The Heart (US album edit)  


Enjoy - and thanks in advance for seeding.
