"I can make Georgia Howl!" W.T. Sherman


Sherman's March (2007 History Channel Special)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 951kbps 
Duration.............: 1:30:43
Resolution...........: 640*368 
Framerate............: 23.976 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 115 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 


 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherman%27s_March_to_the_Sea
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0899221/
 
http://bayimg.com/BAokCAacC
 
http://www.history.com/interactives/shermans-march



This extravagant feature-length film presents a lush and captivating account of the war-ending campaign that made General William Tecumseh Sherman the "father of modern total war."

    * Accounts of actual participants - from generals to mule-drivers - are brought vividly to life.
    * An ambitious dramatic reconstruction of the vengeful campaign that hastened the end of the Civil War.
    * Based in large part on Sherman's own Memoirs, as well as thousands of other primary sources.



Seven score and two years ago, a self-described "madman" altered the history of the world.

With upwards of 100,000 men and the reluctant blessing of the Union, General William Tecumseh Sherman swept through the South with unprecedented speed and savagery. The effect of his campaign, spurred by the concept of total war - the complete elimination of the Confederacy's strategic, economic, and psychological ability to wage war - was terrible for the civilian population and devastating for the South's army.

Pushing the entertainment and educational potential of television, this feature-length documentary - filmed on location in brilliant High Definition - breaks new ground in documentary presentation. This deeply immersive THE HISTORY CHANNEL® production combines compelling narration with unmatched dramatic sequences that transport you to critical moments of the fateful campaign.

As much psychological profile as historical reconstruction, after experiencing SHERMAN'S MARCH you will know the man and understand what drove him to the edge of sanity and into the pantheon of history's greatest military strategists. Hear from Sherman himself, as well as from characters both major and minor from every side of the conflict, as they relate in their own words the epic events of 1865.

The swath of destruction cut by General Sherman's onslaught would have been visible from the Moon, but he believed any sacrifice was justified if it meant ending the bloodiest war in history. His campaign remains controversial to this day, and this magnificent documentary - as only programming from THE HISTORY CHANNEL® can - contributes powerfully and vividly to the debate.
