Title: The Rebellion of Queen Sudachan
AKA: The King Maker
Year: 2005
Genre: Drama / Historical
Director: Lek Kitaparaporn
Run Time: 100 mins
Country: Thailand
Audio: English / Thai
Subtitle: Thai

Starring:
Dean Alexandrou	 ... 	Ninja
Akara Amarttayakul	... 	Pan Bud Sri Thep
Korawij devahastin na Ayudhya	... 	Nobleman
Byron Bishop	... 	Scar-Face Ninja
Thanet Chimpol	... 	Dang
Tanapol Chuksrida	... 	Mandarin #1
Daam Dasakorn	... 	King of lanna
Shaun Delaney	... 	Fernando's Father
Korawit Devahastin	... 	Nobleman
Emma	... 	Fernando's mother
Fei Gao	... 	Flying ninja
Michael Hardie	... 	Fernando as a child
Nate Harrison	... 	Portugese Soldier
Prasita Katirattanachai	... 	Tong's daughter
Rattanaporn Klongkan	... 	Maria's maid
Peter Maiocchi	... 	Singha
Damian Mavis	... 	Portugese soldier / Village dancer
Faisal Zakaria Mohamed	... 	Queen's bodyguard
Daniel O'Neill	... 	Portuguese Soldier
Francisco Pereira	... 	Antonio
Uraiwan Phattanasilp	... 	Malee
Antonio Pineda	... 	Don vincenti
Artthapan Poolsawad	... 	Tong's son
Oliver Pupart	... 	Lord Chakkraphat
Amora Purananda	... 	Yai Jun
Cameron Roberts	... 	Drummer boy
Mark Sobels	... 	Father Pedro
Colin Stevens	... 	Portugese soldier
Nicolas Torio	... 	Mandarin #2
Charlie Trairat	... 	Prince yod fa
Jonathan Winters	... 	Andreas, the young soldier 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0410162/
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_King_Maker

Source: 2 VCDs
File Format: DAT

Plot:
The story opens with Portuguese soldier Fernando de Gama drowning in 

the ocean after a shipwreck. He comes to, finds some wreckage to float 

on and washes up on the coast of Siam. After almost being eaten by a 

crocodile, he is captured by Arab slave traders and taken to 

Ayutthaya. Released from his bonds to be put on the auction block, he 

promptly knocks down his captors and leads them on a chase throughout 

the ancient city.

Eventually, he iss brought under control, but not before he is 

captured the attention of a Eurasian beauty, Maria, who buys him his 

freedom back. After recovering from his recapture, Maria brings 

Fernando to meet her father, Phillippe. Fernando immediately 

recognizes Phillippe as the man who killed Fernando's father many 

years ago, whom Fernando has been seeking on a lifetime quest for 

revenge.

But there are bigger battles to be fought. Fernando and his Portuguese 

compatriots are pressed into the service of King Chairacha, who has to 

go into battle. It is a multi-national taskforce, not only including 

Portuguese mercenaries, but also samurai warriors (likely Christians 

expelled from Japan). In battle, Fernando bonds with a Thai warrior 

named Tong. They distinguish themselves by saving the King from an 

assassination attempt and are appointed his personal bodyguards.

Queen Sudachan, a former royal consort who schemed her way into 

becoming queen, is behind the assassination plot. Because it failed, 

she calls on Don Phillippe for help. Phillippe in turn enlists a scar

-faced ninja to kill the king. This plan is also thwarted by Fernando, 

Tong and other Siamese troops. After the assassins are killed in the 

king's bedroom, King Chairacha assigns Tong and Fernando the task of 

seeking out whoever is behind this scheme.

Recognizing one of the dead assassins as the scar-faced ninja he had 

seen Phillippe talking with earlier that night, Fernando confronts 

Phillippe. They fight, and Phillippe is killed by Tong. Meanwhile, the 

queen resorts to black magic to poison the king. She also must kill 

her own son, Prince Yodfam (who is next in line for the throne), to 

clear the way for her boyfriend. This she achieves by hiring a spear-

wielding African warrior.

Succeeding in her plot, Fernando and Tong are then framed for the 

deaths and made to fight each other in a death duel for Queen 

Sudachan, her new king, and the crowd's amusement. Tong's family and 

Maria's life are threatened, and Tong throws an axe at the new king, 

slaying him. Moments before the queen kills Tong and Fernando in 

revenge, King Chairacha's brother arrives. Having deduced on his own 

that the queen is behind the king and prince's deaths, he arrests the 

queen and releases our heroes and their loved ones. In an ending text, 

it is stated that news of these events were heard by the king of 

Burma, and that the story's impression of disarray is what caused the 

Burmese invasion and the eventual decline and destruction of 

Ayutthaya.