Aaron Karo (born June 18, 1979) is an American  stand-up comedian and author best known for his email column Ruminations, his web site Ruminations.com, and his books Ruminations on College Life, Ruminations on Twentysomething Life, and I’m Having More Fun Than You.

In September 1997, as a freshman at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, Karo sent a humorous email about college to twenty of his friends. That email spawned a regular “email column” called Ruminations on College Life that Karo began sending on a regular basis. Through forwarding and word-of-mouth, the column spread and readers began subscribing to receive the column directly. Karo continues to write the column, now entitled simply Ruminations, to this day. It is published every other Monday and has now been read by hundreds of thousands of people worldwide.

On July 10, 2002, Karo made his stand-up comedy debut at Stand-Up New York in New York City. He currently headlines shows across the country.

In August 2002, Simon & Schuster published a collection of Karo’s columns, also entitled Ruminations on College Life.

In May 2005, Simon & Schuster published Karo’s second book, Ruminations on Twentysomething Life, a collection of Karo’s post-college columns.

In September 2007, Karo celebrated the tenth anniversary of his Ruminations column by publishing several special editions, including a Greatest Hits issue and a glossary of terms coined in the column.

In August 2008, Karo announced the launch of Ruminations.com, a user-generated humor site that allows fans to write their own “ruminations” and share them with the community.

On August 15, 2008, Karo performed on the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on CBS.

On December 9, 2008, Comedy Central Records released Karo's latest stand-up album Just Go Talk to Her. The album reached as high as number eight on the iTunes Comedy bestseller list.

On September 15, 2009, HarperCollins published Karo’s third book, I’m Having More Fun Than You. Described as a "tribute to modern bachelorhood," the book reached number one on Amazon.com’s humor bestseller list.
Education

Graduated from Plainview-Old Bethpage John F. Kennedy High School in Plainview, New York on Long Island, in June 1997. The original twenty friends that Karo sent the first Ruminations email to are purported to also be from Plainview.

Graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in May 2001. Was a member of the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Karo

Aaron Karo - 01 - Random Drunken Injury
Aaron Karo - 02 - Chicks Love Sweatpants
Aaron Karo - 03 - Voluntary Alcoholism
Aaron Karo - 04 - PukeBerry
Aaron Karo - 05 - Warm Regards
Aaron Karo - 06 - Duck Hunt
Aaron Karo - 07 - Female Roommate
Aaron Karo - 08 - The Fives Stages of Relationships
Aaron Karo - 09 - Lost
Aaron Karo - 10 - Just Go Talk to Her
Aaron Karo - 11 - My Girlfriend's Friends
Aaron Karo - 12 - Facebook Break-Up
Aaron Karo - 13 - I Hate Married People
Aaron Karo - 14 - Always Read the Instructions
Aaron Karo - 15 - Say My Name