Lindisfarne were a British folk/rock group established in 1970 who were originally called from Brethren)and were fronted by singer/songwriter Alan Hull. Their music combined a strong sense of yearning with an even stronger sense of fun. The original line-up comprised Alan Hull (vocals/guitar/piano), Simon Cowe Jesmond Dene (guitar, mandolin, banjo),Ray Jackson (vocals/mandolin/harmonica), Rod Clements (bass guitar/violin) and Ray Laidlaw (drums). They are best known for the albums Nicely Out of Tune (1979), Fog on the Tyne (1972) and Back and Fourth (1979), also for the success of songs such as "Meet Me On The Corner", "Lady Eleanor", "Run For Home" and the anthemic "We Can Swing Together".

Released October 1971
Recorded 1971 
Label  Charisma Records
 Elektra Records 
Producer Bob Johnston 

Fog On The Tyne was a 1971 album by English rock band Lindisfarne. Bob Johnston produced the album, which was recorded at Trident Studios in the summer of 1971. It was released on Charisma Records in England and Elektra Records in America.

It gave the group their breakthrough in England, topping the album charts early in 1972. "Meet Me On The Corner", one of two songs written by bassist Rod Clements, reached No. 5 as a single. The title track became the band's signature tune, though it was not released as a single until 1974, by which time the group had disbanded and reformed with a new line-up. Simon Cowe made his debut as a writer, contributing one song, "Uncle Sam".

Both tracks on the B-side of "Meet Me On The Corner", "Scotch Mist" (an instrumental), and "No Time To Lose", appeared as bonus tracks when the album was reissued on CD.

"Meet Me On The Corner" (Clements) 
"Alright On The Night" (Hull) 
"Uncle Sam" (Cowe) 
"Together Forever" (Noakes) 
"January Song" (Hull) 
"Peter Brophy Don't Care" (Hull - Morgan) 
"City Song" (Hull) 
"Passing Ghosts" (Hull) 
"Train In G Major" (Clements) 
"Fog On The Tyne" (Hull) 
Bonus Tracks on CD reissue:

"Scotch Mist" 
"No Time To Lose" 


Alan Hull - vocals, acoustic, electric and 12-string guitars, keyboards 
Ray Jackson - vocals, mandolin, harmonica 
Rod Clements - electric bass, acoustic, electric and 12-string guitars, violin 
Simon Cowe - lead, acoustic and 12-string guitars, mandolin, vocals 
Ray Laidlaw - drums

cd ripped bydBpoweramp

please seed
