Phish is a popular American rock band most noted for its extended improvisations, elongated song compositions and the varied genres represented in their song repertoire. The band was formed in 1983 in Burlington, Vermont, United States where they all attended college. The band’s lineup consists of Trey Anastasio (guitar, vocals), Page McConnell (keyboards, vocals), Mike “Cactus” Gordon (bass, vocals) and Jon Fishman (drums, vocals, vacuum cleaner). The band went on hiatus in 2000, but returned in 2002 only to split for what seemed for good in 2004. However, on September 30, 2008, the band announced, via their website, that they would reunite for three shows on March 6th, 7th and 8th, 2009 at the Hampton Colosseum. Later the band announced a summer tour for June of 2009 beginning with a night at Fenway Park and later added more dates in late July and August, featuring 4 nights at Red Rocks to begin the tour.

Following the New Year's blowout in New York, Phish completes their first Holiday Tour in two years with a three-night stand of shows at a favorite venue, Hampton Coliseum in Hampton, Virginia. After a smashing return to the stage, all of which is documented and released online through the livephish.com download service, the band takes time off before gearing up for a more extensive February tour. 

In January, Mike teams up with Jamie Masefield and Doug Perkins to play their second benefit concert together at the Starksboro Meeting House in Starksboro, Vermont. Before Phish's February tour commences, Mike's first solo album, "Inside In" is mastered and Trey travels to Seattle to record with Dave Matthews for Dave's new solo record “Some Devil”, due out in fall of 2003. 

Phish's February tour starts on a high note when they are featured for the first time on the cover of Rolling Stone magazine. With excitement at an all time high, the February tour is completely sold out and musically ground breaking, with new songs from "Round Room" and the solo projects expertly entwined with older material. 

In March, Page vacations in Miami and sits in with DJ Le Spam and the Spam Allstars. Page brings DJ Le Spam along to accompany Vida Blue on two of their April dates in the Northeast before he and Vida Blue return to Miami to record with the Spam Allstars. 

Trey releases his first solo live release - a two-CD set entitled "Plasma." culled from the previous two tours. Coinciding with the release of "Plasma", Trey undertakes a whirlwind coast-to-coast spring tour which culminates with two shows in Burlington as part of the 20th Burlington Discover Jazz Festival. In keeping with the new Phish tradition of virtual soundboard patches, Trey's entire tour is released for download via: www.livephish.com. His tour features new complex, composed songs and guest appearances by Mike Gordon, Warren Haynes and Carlos Santana, who joins Trey's band for a transcendent night at San Francisco's Warfield Theater on May 31st. 

Series four of Live Phish is released in May. This series of four shows is known as "Mike's Picks" and features shows from 1991, 1994 and 1998 selected by Mike after an extensive search of the journals he keeps through the years. Mike and Warren Haynes appear for question-and-answer showings of "Rising Low" in New York, Vermont and Massachusetts where Mike delights in answering a variety of questions, many of which focus on the infamous bassists John Entwistle, Joey Arkenstat, and Flea, featured in "Rising Low" and revered by many of the great bass players interviewed in the film. Mike regroups with Jamie and Doug Perkins, donning the moniker "Grappa Boom" to perform three shows in the Northeast. Page works on editing and mastering the new Vida Blue album featuring the Spam Allstars and Mike's solo album "Inside In" is completed and set for release. Meanwhile, at the second annual Bonnaroo, Mike and Leo perform a set and Mike participates in a super jam featuring New Orleans legend Dr. John, Stanton Moore (of Galactic) and Luther Dickinson (of North Mississippi Allstars). 

Phish embarks on a month long tour of the U.S. in July, culminating in their sixth huge festival and their third visit to Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, Maine. This incarnation of the Phish summer’s end festival is known simply as “IT” and takes place on August 2nd and 3rd.

Current Line-up
Trey Anastasio = guitar, vocals
Page McConnell = keyboards, vocals
Mike “Cactus” Gordon = bass, vocals
Jon Fishman = drums, vocals

Genre = Rock / Jam Band / Progressive Rock
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = Vbr

Track Listing
01 Backwards Down The Number Line 
02 Stealing Time From The Faulty Plan 
03 Joy 
04 Sugar Shack 
05 Ocelot 
06 Kill Devil Falls 
07 Light 
08 I Been Around 
09 Time Turns Elastic 
10 Twenty Years Later