Some information of the movie from wikipedia.

------------------------------
Hero No.1 is a 1997 bollywood comedy film directed by David Dhawan. It stars Govinda and Karishma Kapoor in lead roles. Most of the film's story is inspired by Bawarchi, a comedy film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.

Synopsis:

Rajesh Malhotra (Govinda) is the son of a wealthy businessman Dhanraj Malhotra (Kader Khan). However, he is not happy at his home since his father does not let him live his life his way. He escapes from his home and reaches Europe. Meena (Karishma Kapoor) is the granddaughter of Dinanath (Paresh Rawal) and has secured a scholarship to study in Europe. She travels to Europe with her aunt Shannu (Himani Shivpuri). Rajesh and Meena meet and fall in love. Dhanraj Malhotra reaches Europe in search of his son with assistant Sharma (Rakesh Bedi) and discovers his son is in love. They return back to India so that Rajesh and Meena can get married. However, destiny has something else in store for them. As Dhanraj is on his way to discuss about his son's marriage, he accidentally splashes sludge on a pedestrian and both end up quarreling. To Dhanraj's surprise, the pedestrian unfortunately turns out to be Dinanath himself, who, raged with the incident, refuses to Dhanraj's proposal of his son's marriage. Dinanath's house has a problem. They are a joint family and recently the servant Babu (Shakti Kapoor) ran away. They are now in search for a new servant. Rajesh, on realising that his father did a mess up of the meeting with Dinanath, decides to disguise as a servant named Raju and work at Dinanath's home. Everybody in that home has some problem or the other, which Raju (Govinda) solves through his wit. Dinanath's elder son Vidya Nath (Tiku Talsania) is teacher in a local college, but is always late and bears the College Principal's brunt. Raju helps him when he is about to be transferred. Diannath's second son (Anil Dhawan), is an insurance agent but does not have many customers. Raju helps him by asking all employees in his father's office to open insurance policies with Vidya Nath. The younger son, Pappi (Satish Shah) is a struggling music composer. Raju makes him prepare some good music which he uses as his own and gets a break for a film's music. The elder daughter, Shanno is not in good terms with her husband, so stays away from him in her father's home. Raju makes her meet her husband and unites them again. The younger granddaughter, Dimple (Prachi) is a party animal. Raju one day saves her from few rowdies and she turns into a homely girl. Dinanath is impressed with Raju's acts but one day he finds some valuables missing from his house. Police arrive and find Dhanraj, in the guise of a Chowkidar (portraying Raju's uncle), hiding behind the fridge. Raju and Dhanraj are insulted by the family members and are about to be taken away when Meena reveals Raju's true identity and the sacrifices he has been through for his love. Dinanath realises of Meena and Raju's true love for each other. In the last scene, as he is going in his car along with Meena to Dhanraj's place, Dhanraj comes along with Rajesh in their way and nearby sludge comes splashing over Dhanraj, thus completing Dinanath's revenge. Rajesh and Meena get married.
------------------------------

INFORMATION ABOUT THIS TORRENT.
Name: Hero No: 1
Chapters: 28
File extension: mp4
Dimensions: 622 x 354
Codecs: H.264, AAC, Text
Colour Profile: SD (6-1-6)
Duration: 02:13:47
Audio Channels: 2
Total bit rate: 722

Please note that since this is a pretty old movie (1997), the quality will not be like those of the DVDs of present movies. That being said, this has been ripped from a moserbaer DVD, and is of above average watching quality. The video has been optimized to fit your screen. If you have any changes you would like to suggest, please leave a comment or send a private message. I'll do my best to respond to the same as early as possible.
Also, if you have any torrent requests of any Hindi movie, again, please let me know. I'll do my best to get them to you as early as possible. 

Please seed for a while after downloading. Real pirates don't steal! They share!
Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoy the movie! Cheers!