Down Beat Magazine. November 2010.pdf

English | PDF | 84 pages | 9.9 Mb


There are many roads to jazz, as any collection of fans will demonstrate. 
But for many of those fans, whose age today can fall anywhere between 10 
and 80, that road has been paved with issues of Down Beat magazine.

Over the decades it has instructed, recommended, criticized, praised, 
condemned, advocated and, in the aggregate, honored the most dynamic 
American music of the twentieth century. Millions have been led to records 
and artists on the strength of a Down Beat review, news tip, or profile. 
It has shaped young tastes in need of guidance and challenged older ones 
in need of a wake up call. In the 1930s, before any important book on jazz 
had yet been written, Down Beat collected the first important body of 
pre 1935 jazz history. It became a monthly, then semi monthly, a diary 
of the swing era as it happened, then tracked the progression of bop, 
pop, rock, freedom, fusion, and nineties neoclassicism, all from the 
perspective of the musician. Hard to believe it began by selling insurance.

You Cant Sell em Both

Albert J. Lipschultz was neither a full time musician nor a professional 
journalist. He had no interest in leading a band, acquiring power, or 
editorializing on the affairs of the world.

Al Lipschultz had only one interest. That was selling insurance. After 
washing out as a saxophone player in Chicago during the years of World 
War I, he looked for better opportunities. Soon he found one that let him 
use his contacts in music. Starting in 1921, he began to cultivate an 
insurance clientele of working Chicago musicians. He took a special interest 
in savings plans and annuities that promised musicians a monthly retirement 
income.

Lipschultz was not the only Chicagoan to take an interest in the welfare and 
financial security of musicians, however. There was James C. Petrillo, president 
of Local 10 of the American Federation of Musicians and one of the most 
commanding and aggressive some would say reckless figures in the American 
labor movement. The fact that the thirties was to be labors moment at the 
moral center of American politics gave him even greater power. Anything that 
concerned musicians concerned Petrillo.

In the early thirties, as Lipschultz concentrated on building his insurance 
business, he began to see an opportunity that offered benefit to both 
himself and his customers. There was a need, he felt, for a musicians 
newspaper beyond the house organ of the AFM local. So in the summer of 
1934, as the Century of Progress Exposition swung into its second season 
along Chicagos lakefront, Lipschultz took a small office on the eighth 
floor of the Woods Theater building on Clark and Dearborn, setting himself 
up as president of Albert J. Lipschultz & Associates, publisher. He called 
his new magazine Down Beat, and it went on sale, all eight pages, in July 
1934 for 10 cents an issue.

Enjoy.
