File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This videos has no logos or titles.


Giant is an American melodic hard rock band that was formed in 1987. The band consisted of founding members Dann Huff (lead vocals & guitar) and Alan Pasqua (keyboard), and had Dann's brother David Huff on drums and Mike Brignardello on bass. The Huff brothers were part of the founding members of the christian rock band White Heart.

The band scored one major hit, the 1990 power ballad "I'll See You In My Dreams," written by Alan Pasqua and Mark Spiro.

Giant disbanded in the early 90s after recording two albums, but resurfaced in 2000 minus Alan Pasqua and released the album III in late 2001.

In December 2009, it was announced by Frontiers Records that they will be releasing Giant's latest album Promise Land in 2010. Writing for the album started in April 2009 and will include Terry Brock (Strangeways, Seventh Key) on lead vocals and John Roth (Winger) on guitars. Dann Huff will not be a part of the band due to his busy schedule but has co-written seven songs and guested on guitar on two. The release dates are February 26th 2010 for Europe and March 9th 2010 for the USA.

Time to Burn is the second studio album by Giant, released in 1992.

Vocalist/guitarist Dann Huff had proven his guitar-playing chops as a studio musician on hit albums and singles across the popular music spectrum throughout the 1980s before starting a band with brother David on drums, Mike Brignardello on bass and Alan Pasqua on keyboards and scoring a hit of their own with "I'll See You In My Dreams" in 1988. For the follow-up the band was joined in the writing process on two songs by Jim Vallance and on four by Van Stephenson, the latter of whom also guested on background vocals in the studio. Huff had previously done guitar work on Stephenson's solo albums. It was produced by Terry Thomas, a former member of the band Charlie who had previously produced albums for such rock notables as Bad Company and Foreigner.

Although well-reviewed, Time to Burn was among the last of its commercial AOR/melodic hard rock genre to be released by a major label—and not the label of their previous album—as record companies and media outlets stopped promoting '80s artists in favor of newer grunge styles. The album's most successful single was "Chained", which peaked at #16 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, although second single "Stay" received some airplay as well.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/