Dragon Naturally Speaking 10.1 Preferred 32/64
 
I load and test all my softwareWorking 

Advanced features for small business users or PC enthusiasts 
All of the features of the Standard edition PLUS 
Create time-saving shortcuts with simple voice commands 
Control virtually every Windows application on your PC by voice 
Use with Nuance-approved Blutooth headsets, handheld recorders or Pocket PC's 
Open and close applications, even control the mouse and the entire desktop-all by speaking 

Dragon NaturallySpeaking 10 - Turn Talk into Type 
Most people speak over 120 words per minute but type less than 40 words per minute. What if you could create email, documents and spreadsheets simply by speaking? What if you could control your PC just by talking to it, starting programs, using menus, surfing the web?


(The Installation directions are included in the torrent) 


1) Disconnect from the network/internet 

2) Explore/open disk and copy the folder "Key-Act" to your desktop.
 
3) Open the folder and minimize, you will use the folder thru out the installation process
 
4) Install using the supplied KeyMaker,inside the folder called "Key-Act". 
(Keep the keygen open during the whole install process) 
Open KeyGen,at the top is a drop down arrow. Select Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking v10.x 

5) Hit generate Serial 
Enter serial and click next 
Click install
 
!! DO NOT HAVE ANY PART OF THE PROGRAM RUNNING DURING THE REGISTER.BAT OPTION !! 

6) Close Register Today, do not activate, Uncheck, check for updates 

7) Inside the "Key-Act" folder you will find register.bat 
Copy/paste register.bat to your installation folder most often it will be in C:Program FilesNuanceNaturallySpeaking10Program 
or w/e you installed the program 

8)Double click register.bat 
A CMD window will open as will another box called "Enter key" 

9) Take the Hardware ID, from the "Enter key" box, and Paste it into the keygen under Hardware ID 

For the serial number you will need to hand type the serial number, from the Key Gen, into the serial number field on the "Enter key" box. 
If you try to copy paste it will always fill in the key box for some reason. 

10) Use the KeyMaker to generate a valid Authentication Code, click generate a authentication code, 
copy that long number into the "Enter key" box in the key section. 

You may have to enter a new Authentication Code a few times, all along keeping the same serial number. I had to do it 5 times 