PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 5C76485C4AD79365B3269B7B9ED485258FAFD167
File Size: 215.65 MB
Year: 1985
Label: Warner Bros.
Catalog #: CD 25203


Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


John Cameron Fogerty (born May 28, 1945) is an American rock singer, songwriter, and guitarist, best known for his time with the swamp rock/roots rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival and as a #1 solo recording artist.[1] He was born in Berkeley, California and is the younger brother of Tom Fogerty. He attended El Cerrito High School along with the other members of CCR. 









Centerfield 1985


Centerfield is an album by musician John Fogerty, released in 1985. It was his most popular post-Creedence album, containing the hit singles "The Old Man Down the Road", "Rock and Roll Girls" and the title track "Centerfield". Fogerty played all the instruments on this album himself, thanks to overdubbing. The image on the cover shows an old-fashioned, "beat-up glove", as referenced in the title song, and text similar to a logo of a baseball team, setting the mood for the track. The RIAA has certified the album double-platinum (2 million album sales).


This album was Fogerty's first album in nine years. After Asylum Records rejected his Hoodoo album, he decided to take a long break from the music business. In the meantime, Fogerty's recording contract with Asylum Records was reassigned to co-owned Warner Bros. Records so this album was the first released on the Warner Bros. label.


The song "Zanz Kant Danz" was altered and re-titled "Vanz Kant Danz" a few months after the release of the album in an unsuccessful attempt to avoid a defamation lawsuit from Saul Zaentz, owner of Fantasy Records. The altered "Vanz Kant Danz" version of this song appears on all post-1985 pressings of the album.

A Zaentz lawsuit claimed that "The Old Man Down the Road" shared the same chorus as "Run Through the Jungle" (a song from Fogerty's days with Creedence Clearwater Revival: years before, Fogerty had relinquished copy and publishing rights of his Creedence songs to Zaentz and Fantasy, in exchange for release from his contractual obligations to same). The defendant Fogerty ultimately prevailed, when he showed that the two songs were whole, separate and distinct compositions. Bringing his guitar to the witness stand, he played excerpts from both songs, demonstrating that many songwriters (himself included) have distinctive styles that can make different compositions sound similar to less discerning ears.

After prevailing as defendant, Fogerty sued Zaentz for the cost of defending himself against the copyright infringement. In such (copyright) cases, prevailing defendants seeking recompense were bound to show that the original suit was frivolous or made in bad faith.

Fogerty v. Fantasy became precedent when the Supreme Court (1993) overturned lower court rulings and awarded attorneys' fees to Fogerty, without Fogerty having to show that Zaentz's original suit was frivolous.

The album is dedicated to "Gossamer Wump." Fogerty said in an interview, "When I was a young kid, my brothers had a record called "The Adventures of Gossamer Wump." Gossamer Wump is a little kid who saw a big parade comin' down the road and thinks "Hey, this is what I want, I want to be a musician."

Gossamer goes through all the instruments comin' by and does not know how to decide what instrument he wants to play. Then, at the end of the parade he sees the triangle and thinks, "Yes, that's what I want to play." Determined to learn how to play the triangle, Gossamer takes his belongings and 26 peanut butter sandwiches and leaves for the big city. On his way he sings "jingle, jongle, jangle, ah'm goin' to the big city to learn to play the triangle."

In the city, Gossamer starts taking lessons and very soon he plays "tingle." After ten years of courage, determination, and hard work Gossimer plays "tingle." No difference? At first sight, no, but Gossamer, he can hear the difference. This is what I like about this story. After ten years in my garage, I played alone. They maybe don't hear the difference, but I do. Gossamer stuck to his dream, and that's why I dedicated this album to Gossamer Wump."

The title track Centerfield, which refers to the baseball position, is commonly played at baseball games across the country.




Tracks: 


1.	"The Old Man Down the Road" – 3:34
2.	"Rock and Roll Girls" – 3:28
3.	"Big Train (From Memphis)" – 2:58
4.	"I Saw It On T.V." – 4:20
5.	"Mr. Greed" – 4:09
6.	"Searchlight" – 4:31
7.	"Centerfield" – 3:53
8.	"I Can't Help Myself" – 3:15
9.	"Vanz Kant Danz" – 5:32





Enjoy :)
