Whats New
PDF Viewer Plus - Open and display PDF files 500% faster with a new PDF handling application that reduces memory requirements and supports smaller file sizes. PDF Viewer Plus optimizes rendering resolution for each element on the page for a cleaner display and great print resolution.

Tabbed ribbon interface - All application features are presented on tabbed-ribbon toolbars that logically group functions with clear text descriptions.

"Scan Now" button - Scan documents in a single click — without switching to the scanner settings view

ScanDirect Utility - Scan directly into PDF Viewer Plus and Microsoft SharePoint. Automatically open PDF Viewer Plus once you scan a document by choosing "View Result."

Improved OCR accuracy - Hyper-binary conversion yields highly accurate results when searching the contents of PDFs - a 42% increase over the previous version. You can even apply language settings to OCR for improved accuracy.

Superior PDF annotations – More extensive annotation options includes notes, text boxes, highlights, straight lines, and free-form lines, making it easier to add comments.

Dynamic and transparent stamps – These automatically include author, date, and time. Transparent stamps are perfect for adding scanned signatures.

FormTyper - FormTyper makes any static form fillable instantly. Now it’s integrated into PDF Viewer Plus. It uses Logical Form Recognition technology to detect elements like check boxes for more accurate form conversion. You get greater control over form elements for perfect results.

Expanded PDF search capabilities - Your scanned documents or image files are now accessible to search engines such as Windows® Desktop Search or Google. Simply enter keywords or phrases to instantly find a specific file.

Quick access toolbar - A customizable quick access toolbar above the tabbed ribbon lets you put frequently used features in one easy-to-find location.

Support for Microsoft SharePoint - Get files from Microsoft SharePoint, process them as needed, and save the results by sending the output through PaperPort's Send To bar. Or use the ScanDirect™ utility to scan to PDF with the results directed to SharePoint.

Digital camera input - The Send To bar includes a PaperPort OCR option for digital camera correction. Take a picture of a document and accurately convert it to a text document. 3D de-skewing algorithms flatten images and correct distortions for highly accurate results.

Expanded folder management capabilities - The number of folder colors has increased from nine to 29. Plus, you can now create multiple folders by importing a list of folder names from a text file.

How-To guides - PaperPort 12 offers updated, illustrated mini-guides that show typical tasks and processes, and provide quick access to program areas and relevant help topics. 

