File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Poison Heart" is the 1992 single by the Ramones written by ex-bassist Dee Dee Ramone. It has a different pace to normal Ramones works. It was given to the band in exchange for bailing Dee Dee out of jail. The song was also included in the film Pet Semetary 2(1992).

Finnish rock band HIM recorded and released a cover of the song as a b-side to their hit single "Wings of a Butterfly", in 2005.

Mondo Bizarro is the twelfth studio album by the American punk band the Ramones, released in 1992. It featured their new bassist, Christopher Joseph Ward (C.J. Ramone), who replaced departed member Dee Dee Ramone. Mondo Bizarro was the group’s first studio album in three years. The album was re-released by the record label Captain Oi! on August 10, 2004, with a bonus track, "Spider-Man".

"Censorshit" was written by Joey Ramone about how rock and rap albums were being censored by the PMRC (Parents Music Resource Center), a group of Washington wives out to put warning labels on records, a practice which has become standard. It has a reference to Ozzy Osbourne and Frank Zappa. Quote: "Ask Ozzy, Zappa, or Me. We'll show you what it's like to be free." The song is addressed to Tipper Gore, former Tennessee senator, and Vice President Al Gore's wife.

"Take It as It Comes" is a cover song, originally recorded by The Doors in 1967. "Spider-Man," While having never appeared on the original release but later as a bonus track on the CD version, is a cover of the theme song from the original Spider-Man animated series. It was originally released as an unlisted Bonus track on the original release of "¡Adios Amigos!" (later editions omitted it) and then a completely different version was available on the Saturday Morning compilation in 1995.

Although Dee Dee Ramone had left the band, he provided the songs "Poison Heart", "Main Man", and "Strength To Endure", as payment for bailing him out of jail due to his long drug addiction. When Johnny Ramone was interviewed about the album for the End of the Century documentary, he states, "I don't like it. I don't like it at all.". This contradicts a statement from a 1992 interview in an Argentine newspaper, quote: "Generally I always find two or three songs that I hate. From Mondo Bizarro, I really like almost all the songs and I am very satisfied with the result."

Two singles from the album were released; "Poison Heart" was released in June 1992, and Strength to Endure was released that October.

The original "Mondo Bizarro" was the title of a 1966 film sequel to "Mondo Cane".

The album was certified gold in Brazil in 1995.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/