Product Description
-------------------
Is it possible that the simple act of being is not actually that simple? That to really be here now requires practice, like any other skill worth learning? On The Art of Presence, Eckhart Tolle invites you to a six-session audio retreat to teach you how to deepen the moment-to-moment realization of your essential nature--the unified consciousness that lives all things. When Eckhart Tolle wrote his international bestseller, The Power of Now, he pointed us in the direction of something that's always been right under our noses: life in this very instant. Yet, why do so many of us continue to feel like we're missing it? Attention, he teaches, is the answer--a quality of relaxed alertness that you can progressively sharpen and sustain. On The Art of Presence, Eckhart guides listeners through seven hours of transformational insights that allow "presence to naturally arise." With his one-of-a-kind instruction, he shows how to ground yourself in the vibrancy of your "inner body" while simultaneously breaking free from the illusion of separation from the outside world; how to connect to "the perceiver" of all your experiences to realize the wisdom of spiritual surrender; how to access the higher intelligence that empowers "right action"; and much more. 

About the Author
----------------
Eckhart Tolle of Vancouver, British Columbia, is a world-renowned spiritual teacher and bestselling author in print and on audio. He has published twelve titles, including The Power of Now (New World Library, 1999), which has been translated into over thirty languages and is now in its sixth printing, with nearly one million copies in print.

Customer Review
---------------
By Jennifer Kline (Arizona)
This series is actually 7 hours of recorded sessions of a workshop with Eckhart Tolle. All you have to do is listen to the CD to begin the transformative process. I found the sound quality to be just fine, and the audience's reactions and laughter really add to the atmosphere. I had no problems whatsover with hearing the lecture. Tolle's lectures are slow, deliberate, and often quite funny. Long periods of silence occur between his sentences so that you get automatically drawn into his mind frame. You can't listen to these CD's and not slow down. Tolle makes living in the present seem so practical and rewarding. This is a valuable tool for anyone who enjoys meditation, or is seeking to live life in a more mindful manner. Tolle is a master at making "Eastern" philosophy accessible to westerners. The techniques and lectures on these CD's are fantastic. Buying this series is like getting a $700 workshop for less than $50, which is a real bargain, and you can practice in the comfort of your own home. Guaranteed to transform your mind! I loved it!

IF YOU LIKE IT, BUY IT! 
http://www.amazon.com/Art-Presence-Eckhart-Tolle/dp/1591796377


~~~ SHOW YOUR GRATITUDE BY SEEDING! ~~~