PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 0B5F304EF05EEF4877BC067D62FD9F47BFC0EE49
File Size: 517.78 MB
Year: 1995
Label: Polytel / Polygram
Catalog #: 529 279-2


Please help seed these FLACs! 






From Wiki:


Gerry Rafferty (born Gerald Rafferty, 16 April 1947, in Paisley) is a Scottish singer and songwriter. He is the son of a Scottish mother and an Irish father.


In his early years, Gerry Rafferty earned money busking on the London Underground. After working with Billy Connolly in a band called The Humblebums, he recorded a first solo album, Can I Have My Money Back. In 1972 Rafferty and his old school friend Joe Egan formed Stealers Wheel, a group which was beset by legal wranglings, but did have a huge hit "Stuck in the Middle With You" (made famous for a new generation in the movie Reservoir Dogs) and the smaller top 40 hit "Star" ten months later. The duo disbanded in 1975.[1] In 1976 Gerry and Joe released a single, "Benjamin Day" / "There's Nobody Here" (Columbia 8068), while working under the name The Fifth Column.

In 1978, Gerry Rafferty cut a solo album, City to City, which included the song with which he remains most identified, "Baker Street". The single reached No. 3 in the UK and No. 2 in the U.S.[2][3] The album sold over 5.5 million copies, toppling the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack in the U.S. on 8 July 1978.[4] Even today, "Baker Street", which features a "glistening"[cite this quote] saxophone solo by Raphael Ravenscroft, remains a mainstay of soft-rock radio airplay.[5]. Also from City to City, "Home and Dry" managed a #28 spot in the US Top 40 in early 1979.[6] One of the more obscure tracks from that time is "Big Change in the Weather" (the B-side of "Baker Street").[7] His next album, Night Owl, also did well with the help of guitarist Richard Thompson performing on the track "Take The Money and Run", and the title track was a UK No. 5 hit in 1979. "Days Gone Down" reached #17 in the U.S. The follow-up single "Get It Right Next Time" made the UK & US Top 40.

Subsequent albums, such as Snakes and Ladders (1980), Sleepwalking (1982), and North and South (1988), fared less well, perhaps due partly to Rafferty's general reluctance to perform live. "Don't Give Up On Me", from his 1992 collection On A Wing and a Prayer, is a much-featured oldie on BBC Radio 2.[citation needed] That album reunited him with Stealers Wheel partner Joe Egan on several tracks. Rafferty redid his own "Her Father Didn't Like Me Anyway" on the album Over My Head (1994). Another World, released in 2000, was originally available only by direct order via his no longer active website but is now available on the Hypertension label. Another World featured an album cover illustrated by John Byrne 'Patrick', who also illustrated the covers for Can I Have My Money Back?, City to City, Night Owl, and Snakes and Ladders, as well as all three Stealers Wheel albums.

Rafferty also contributed to the soundtrack to the film, Local Hero - "The Way it Always Starts" (1983), and co-produced The Proclaimers' first UK hit single, "Letter From America", in 1987 with Hugh Murphy.[8]

In 2009, Rafferty released Life Goes On, again on Hypertension. This album features a mixture of new recordings, including covers of Christmas carols and traditional songs, and re-mastered tracks from previous Rafferty albums.

The newspaper Scotland on Sunday reported that Rafferty was asked to leave the Westbury Hotel in London during July 2008. This report stated that the hotel manager had claimed that other residents were distressed by his habit of relieving himself in various corners of the hotel and that his suite was also in a disgraceful and unusable condition.[5] He then checked himself into St Thomas' Hospital suffering from a chronic liver condition. The same report claimed that on 1 August 2008, Rafferty had disappeared, leaving his belongings behind, and that the hospital had filed a missing persons report.[5] However, this was rebutted by the Metropolitan Police who stated that no such missing persons report existed.[9]

After unconfirmed sightings and unauthenticated reports that he was in contact with his family, on 17 February 2009 The Guardian reported that Rafferty, "who has battled alcoholism for years", was in hiding in the south of England, being cared for by a friend.[10] Subsequently, Rafferty's spokesperson Paul Charles told The Independent newspaper that he had been in touch with Rafferty two weeks previously and that he was alive and well but had no plans to either record or tour.[11] This was then contradicted by a further report in The Daily Telegraph on the following day which quoted from a statement by his solicitors issued to Channel 4 news: "Contrary to reports, Gerry is extremely well and has been living in Tuscany for the last six months......he continues to compose and record new songs and music......and he hopes to release a new album of his most recent work in the summer of this year [2009]". 








The Very Best of Gerry Rafferty - One More Dream 1995



Tracks: 


Get it Right Next Time
The Garden of England
Baker Street
Moonlight and Gold
Stuck in the Middle With You
Night Owl
Waiting for the Day
Right Down the Line
Tired of Talkin'
Bring it All Home
The Girl's Got No Confidence
Days Gone Down
Everyone's Agreed That Everything Will Turn Out Fine
Over My Head
Shipyard Town
Whatever's Written in Your Heart




Enjoy :)
