File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:16

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 5257 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.11 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Only Prettier" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Miranda Lambert. It was released in July 2010 as the fourth single from her third studio album, Revolution.

The music video for "Only Prettier" was directed by Trey Fanjoy and filmed in Joelton, Tennessee in June 2010. It features a 1950s theme and cameo appearances by fellow country artists Kellie Pickler, Laura Bell Bundy, and Hillary Scott of Lady Antebellum. In the video, Lambert and her friends portray two rival cliques attending a high school sock hop. Additionally, Lambert is also shown performing with her band on stage at the event.

Blake Boldt of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs up, complimenting that "once again, Lambert has bent the iron-clad rules of radio to bring us sharp material like this." He also commented that the "cleverness of her performance makes up for the clumsiness of the production." Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a B+ rating, comparing it to Lambert's own "Dry Town" and complimenting the lyrics and vocals. However, he was not as impressed with the production, in which he felt "thrashing guitars drown out the steel guitar and come close to overshadowing a great vocal performance from Lambert."

"Only Prettier" is an up-tempo song, backed by electric and steel guitars and percussion. The song's female narrator, a typical rough-and-rowdy country girl, finds herself facing off with a stereotypical model-thin city girl ("I got a mouth like a sailor and yours' is more like a Hallmark card"). Although the song's verses find the narrator describing the differences between the two, she offers in the chorus that the two actually have quite a lot in common ("You got your friends, just like I got mine") and that they should put their differences aside ("So let's shake hands and reach across those party lines"). Though, she gets the last word in, stating that "[country girls are] just like you, only prettier."

Lambert relates to the song as her own anthem: "It’s antagonistic in a fun way, and I loved the attitude behind it. It kind of fools you, because it’s got this really country, laid-back intro, but then it’s balls-to-the-wall the rest of the way. It’s so much fun!"


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/