Dave Matthews Band - Under the Table and Dreaming (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs1 /15 files 

Category Rock, Rock/Pop 
Label RCA 
Orig Year 1994 
All Time Sales Rank 1503 
CD Universe Part number 1111574 
Catalog number 66449 
Discs 1 
Release Date Sep 27, 1994 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Steve Lillywhite 
Engineer Chris Dickie 
Personnel Carter Beauford - vocals, drums, percussion 
Boyd Tinsley - vocals, violin 
Leroi Moore - vocals, flute, soprano, alto, & tenor saxophones 
Stefan Lessard - bass 
David Matthews - vocals, acoustic guitar 

1. Best of What's Around, The 
2. What Would You Say 
3. Satellite 
4. Rhyme & Reason 
5. Typical Situation 
6. Dancing Nancies 
7. Ants Marching 
8. Lover Lay Down 
9. Jimi Thing 
10. Warehouse 
11. Pay for What You Get 
12. #34 

"What Would You Say" was nominated for a 1996 Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal. 

So far, the year 1994 has been a splendid one for grass roots rock bands outside the New York/L.A./Nashville loop. Emerging ... Full Descriptionfrom the pack with a unique sound of their own have been regional sensations such as Counting Crows, Collective Soul, Hootie & The Blowfish and now, the Dave Matthews Band. 

Centered around the talents of their lead singer-guitarist, and featuring some of the top talents on the Charlottesville, Virginia scene, UNDER THE TABLE AND DREAMING is an exquisite polyglot of voices and moods. As their closing instrumental "#34" demonstrates, the Dave Matthews Band not only possess a sublime pop sensibility, they're able to move seamlessly from rock through jazz, blues, funk and a variety of pastoral folk sources--all the while maintaining a distinctive lyric perspective. 

With a slamming, sensitive rhythm section, and powerful solo flights by violinist Boyd Tinsley and saxophonist Leroi Moore, the Dave Matthews Band keeps several pots boiling all the time. Their vigorous group interplay compliments the leader's driving acoustic guitar, grainy, soulful vocals and gentle ambiguities on "Typical Situation," and his harrowing tale of addiction, "Rhyme & Reason." Matthews' sly humor emerges on the sardonic "Dancing Nancies," where he agonizes over every variety of woulda, coulda and shoulda on top of a dancing flamenco groove, and the funky "What Would You Say," where his character urges us to live our lives, not lament them. UNDER THE TABLE AND DREAMING is positive, upbeat, exploratory pop. 

Recorded at Bearsville Studios, Bearsville, New York. 
 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce 

 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
