Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Giddy On Up" is the title of a song recorded by American stage actress and singer Laura Bell Bundy. It was released to country music radio in February 2010 as the lead-off single to her debut studio album, Achin' and Shakin', which is due out April 13, 2010.

The music video, which was directed by Shane Drake, premiered on CMT on January 18, 2010. In the video, Bundy is shown confronting her cowboy love interest while performing on stage in a saloon. He falls out of a window and lands in the street, while she confronts him once again. This time, she pulls out a gun and shoots at him, which knocks off his clothes. Bundy proceeds to intimidate him with a group of dancers performing behind her, before riding off on her horse, dragging the tied-up cowboy behind.

"Giddy on Up" debuted at #60 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of February 20, 2010.

"Giddy on Up" is an up-tempo country song, driven by fiddle and banjo with a prominent brass section in the pre-chorus. The song's female narrator confronts her man ("Baby where you been, its half-past ten"), making note of the many signs that suggest he has been cheating on her with another woman ("Smilin' a lot when you look at your phone / There's a change in your tone"). In the bridge, she tells him that he's made a mistake by cheating on her, telling him to "giddy on up, giddy on out."

Laura Ashley Bell Bundy (born April 10, 1981) is an American actress and singer who has performed in a number of Broadway roles, both starring and supporting, as well as in television and film. Her most well known Broadway roles are the original Amber in Hairspray and the original Elle Woods in Legally Blonde - The Musical. She signed to Mercury Records Nashville and released her first country music single, "Giddy On Up," to radio in early 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

