
Starring: Phil Cornwell | John Sessions | Ronni Acona
Director: Peter Richardson
Run time: 100 mins
Genres: Comedy | Television
Languages: English
Released: August 13, 2007
Aspect Ratio: 4:3 Standard (720 x 576)
Audio: AC3 / 2 Channel / English
Subtitles: None
Run Time: 2 Hours 23 Mins 35 Secs

Stella Street Website here- 
http://homepage.mac.com/elliottday/stellastreet/index.html

Series 2

First broadcast on BBC2.

Each episode is fifteen minutes long. This guide refers to the original versions of the episodes as first broadcast, and as they appear on the video. The subsequent reedits into 10 minute episodes have not been catalogued. See the video. First broadcast on BBC2.

1. “Three months later…”. Michael Caine, Al Pacino and Jack Nicholson get back from their holidays. Mrs Huggett has been arrested for her part in drug trafficking. Dirk Bogarde moves out, and in move the Slurreys from Dorking. Mick is apprehensive about the future of the corner shop, and has a dream about the Beatles. Jack Nicholson is dissatisfied with his wiring. Broadcast 16/10/1998.
2. “Come on, Eileen”. Mrs Huggett returns to the street only to find that Michael Caine and Jack Nicholson have both employed the hyper-efficient Vera Chuff. Michael also reveals that he is renting a house on the street to John Hurt (who owes him back rent) and the Dutchman Hank Zootermelk. Al Pacino is recovering from his broken neck with the aid of his nurse Kirsty MacFadden. Michael is Pam and Gray’s only guest to turn up, whilst Jimmy Hill is careless with his football. Broadcast 23/10/1998.
3. “Shallow End”. Michael throws a barbecue party to celebrate completion of his “kidney-shaped” pool and everyone in the street is invited, even the Slurreys. Gray tries to liven things up with his home brew. Mrs Huggett goes to see Joe about getting rid of Vera Chuff. Tony Blackburn makes a guest appearance in this episode, as does James Stewart. Broadcast 30/10/1998.
4. “One Lump or Two?”. Jack Flatley comes to stay at Caine’s house while he is filming for The Bill (Jack, not Michael). Vera Chuff’s brother, Vince, comes to evict Mrs Huggett. Len is arrested for attempting to burn down Roger Moore’s house, and is interrogated by a “policeman”, where he reveals his plan to burn down all of Stella Street. Keith leaves Mick for some reason. Joe saves Mrs Huggett from Vince, and as an encore gets the Slurreys to move out. Broadcast 06/11/1998.
5. “The Cat’s Away”. Jack Nicholson apparently goes off to LA, leaving most of the men in Stella Street (Jimmy, Roger, Joe, Michael and Al) with a chance to bed Sally. Jack Flatley moves out of Michael’s house and into his rented property, and Al, in flashback, shows how Kirsty MacFadden has left him. A cliffhanger ending leaves us wondering who is in Jimmy Hill’s bed. Broadcast 13/11/1998.
6. “Get Chisholm”. We are no longer wondering who is in Jimmy Hill’s bed as it was Keith! Michael is fed up with receiving letters from film companies turning down his idea and so he decides to make the film himself using such great and well known actors as Jack Flatley and Keith Richards. And John Hurt as the one-armed Chinese homosexual hairdresser. Keith goes back to Mick. We learn that Al Pacino is going to marry Kirsty MacFadden. Broadcast 20/11/1998.
7. “The Best Man”. Al Pacino is getting married, but who will the best man be? Dustin Hoffman comes to stay at Mrs Huggett’s for the wedding, while Marlon Brando takes advantage of Jimmy Hill’s hospitality. Michael Caine is filming, this time with Jimmy Hill, and Joe Pesci as the Duke of Devonshire. Len is the vicar at the wedding, which is halted when Marlon reveals that Al has a secret. In Jane Eyre style, Al takes Michael and Kirsty to the church tower, where he reveals the woman he doesn’t know whether to fuck or to play at the Edinburgh Tattoo. Broadcast 27/11/1998.
8. “Laughing Man Tour”. David Bowie holds his Laughing Man Tour debut, with Michael, Joe, Dean, and even John Thaw coming along. Broadcast 04/12/1998.
9. “Going Dutch”. Mick and Keith are informed of changes to be made to their shop. Jack Nicholson visits Mrs Huggett, distraught at Sally leaving him for Hank, and watches an episode of Steptoe and Son. Hank leaves for the Netherlands. Roger Moore receives a letter about the future of the Street. Broadcast 11/12/1998.
10. “The Siege”. Gray Slurrey is back, looking to demolish something, and a lot of people aren’t very happy about it. Michael has a bad dream with Alan Rickman and the Fab Four. Is there any way to win against Surbiton Council, or will John Hurt have to fall over? Broadcast 18/12/1998.

The cult BBC comedy show sends-up the world of celebrity like no other! Come and join the illustrious residents of Stella Street including Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Jack Nicholson, Michael Caine, Jimmy Hill, Joe Pesci, Al Pacino, David Bowie and Madonna amongst others!

Two guys playing whole street of characters.... Holly wood characters such as Jack Nicholson and Al Pacino living in the leafy suburbs of Surbiton. It's all pure genius, from the corner shop run by Jagger and Richards, to the running commentary by Michael Caine. In the middle of it all is Jimmy Hill, pleading with for someone to watch the FA cup final with him. This is classic off the wall BBC2 comedy. Well worth a watch. Classic genius.

I've run this Region 2 DVD through http://www.dvddecrypter.org.uk/ so it's now a region free and unaltered original DVD.

If this UPload goes well and I get some support from other seeders to free up my bandwidth I will UP -
Stella Street Series 3 complete DVD,
Stella Street Movie 2004 DVD.

This is a really funny cult comedy, and can't see it on any torrent sites anywhere, with Stella Street 2004 (DVD Rip) being the last upload (back in 2005) which has now long since died. I tried to Rip this to AVI but in the end felt it best to keep it in it's original DVD form.

Thanks to the seeders of Stella Street Series 1.You rock.
Get Series 1 here-

Burn to a Dual Layers Disk (I think it's worth it ;p)
or Mount to a virtual drive like Daemon Tools http://www.disc-tools.com/download/daemon

Enjoy:)