Thank you for choosing Art Explosion® Greeting Card Factory® from Nova Development. Greeting Card Factory lets you easily create and print custom cards and projects using your personal computer and any printer. You can make store-quality greeting cards, invitations, labels, postcards and more in just minutes.

Thanks to Greeting Card Factory’s easy-to-use interface and pre-made templates, you don’t have to be a graphic artist or computer expert to achieve spectacular results.

Greeting Card Factory has many different types of projects for you to choose from. Each project type offers the option of starting either with a blank template or templates with a variety of pre-made designs. Since the pre-made templates are fully editable, you can resize and move elements or add text and graphics to create projects that suit your needs.

Greeting Cards: Say goodbye to expensive store bought cards! Now you can make your own personalized greeting cards—for birthdays, holidays or virtually any occasion. Greeting Card Factory comes with thousands of card designs for you to customize.

Photo Cards: You can use photos provided in the clip art library or import your own from a digital camera, scanner or Picture CD. Greeting Card Factory supports all major photo file formats. Photo cards are available as a separate project type with Greeting Card Factory Deluxe.

Specialty Cards: Only available with Greeting Card Factory Deluxe, these unusual greeting cards include puzzle cards, pop-up cards and scrapbook cards. To create a puzzle card, you print the card onto transfer paper and then iron it onto a pre-cut puzzle blank. Pop-up cards have a 3-dimensional part that pops up when opened. Scrapbook cards similar to but more complex than a photo card and have placeholders for more than one photo.

Note Cards: These are smaller greeting cards (like thank you cards) that you print two (or four) per page. Each pre-made template has a matching envelope included. As with other card types, you can use the mail merge feature to personalize individual cards.

Announcements: Make your own personalized announcements for upcoming events and special occasions or personalized invitations for parties, weddings and other activities. You can add recipients’ names using the mail merge feature. You can use Greeting Card Factory to create matching envelopes, as well.

Certificates: If you need to give someone special recognition or need to create a document for a special occasion, Greeting Card Factory has many different certificates, warranty and diploma designs. This is a separate category with the deluxe version, but found with Envelopes & More in the standard version.

Labels: It couldn’t be easier to create sensational labels. Greeting Card Factory provides templates for many different types of labels, including most standard labels. If you’re doing a mass mailing, take advantage of
Greeting Card Factory’s advanced mail merge feature to avoiding having to address envelopes by hand.

Postcards: Greeting Card Factory lets you create your own postcards—in many different sizes—to send a personalized note to a friend or for reminders of upcoming events.

Gift Tags: Make your own personalized and colorful gift tags for birthdays, holidays and graduations—or any other gift-giving occasion.

Electronic Greetings: Instead of going to a web site to send electronic greeting cards, you can create your own and send them directly from your computer. Greeting Card Factory comes with ready-made designs for you to customize or to create your own electronic greetings from scratch.

Envelopes & More: Create personalized letterheads and envelopes for any activity or organization—whether business or personal. These designs also include templates for note paper and self-mailers. If you have the standard version, certificates are included in this project type.

Signs & Posters: Greeting Card Factory provides designs for creating your own signs and posters. For larger posters, it will automatically break the design into tiles to print on standard sheets of paper allowing you to control the amount of overlap.

Crafts: Greeting Card Factory provides designs with instructions for many fun paper projects—like craft cards to hold money, bookmarks, origami, gift boxes, bookcovers and paper airplanes.

CD Greeting Card: Greeting Card Factory provides designs for creating your own CD Greeting Cards that you can view on TV.

Web Projects: Only available with Greeting Card Factory Deluxe, web projects are designs that you can upload to a web site or send to others to view using their Internet browser. Easily create photo slide shows that are perfect for viewing on the World Wide Web or create web pages with photos – without needing to know anything about programming.

Matching Sets: These projects include CD greeting cards (CD label, sleeve or card, and envelope) and stationery sets (envelope, letterhead, address label and CD label), gift sets (greeting card, gift tags, gift bag or box), and party sets (place mats, table tents, party hats, poster or flyer).

Extract MDF* file (*like .iso file but is the Alcohol 120% default setting) using 7-Zip or your other favorite program. Mount with Alcohol 120% or burn to CD using Nero, Daemon Tools, Alcohol, etc. Then, simply install Program. Choose not to register online and you have a full accessed full version program on your hands! Enjoy…

This has been made possible by JugzG0nn4G3tY4.

JugzG0nn4G3tY4 states, “I’m the Juggernaut Beeatch!” So, you should seed this if you want to keep torrents alive.
