Karen Davis is an American Nurse moves to Tokyo and encounter a supernatural spirit who is vengeful and often possesses its victims. A series of horrifying and mysterious deaths start to occur, with the spirit passing its curse onto each victim. Karen must now find away to break this spell, before she becomes its next victim. Written by simon

The normal façade of a modest house in Tokyo belies the hidden terror within. It is possessed by a violent plague that destroys the lives of everyone who enters. Known as The Grudge, this curse causes its victims to die in the grip of a powerful rage. Those who are fatally afflicted by the curse die and a new curse is born--passed like a virus to all those who enter the house in an endless, growing chain of horror. Karen is an exchange student studying social work in Japan who innocently agrees to cover for a nurse who didn't show up for work. When she enters the assigned home, she discovers an elderly American woman, Emma, who is lost in a catatonic state while the rest of the house appears deserted and disheveled. As she is tending to the stricken old woman, Karen hears scratching sounds from upstairs. When she investigates, she is faced with a supernatural horror more frightening than she could ever imagine. Within this house, a chain of terror has been set in motion resulting from a terrifying evil that was born years before. As more people die, Karen is pulled into the cycle of horror and learns the secret of the vengeful curse that has taken root in this house. Now she must stop it before it's too late. Written by Sujit R. Varma

After Yoko fails to show up for work, Karen Davis, an exchange Nurse-student from the states living in Tokyo, is asked to check on Emma an American lady, who recently moved to Japan with her son, daughter and daughter in-law Jennifer. Whilst inside the house, Karen is alarmed by Emma's unusual behavior: She is mute and sleeps through the day. Karen then soon discovers that the house is haunted by a curse, a curse that will consume anyone who enters the house. Now after several horrific deaths, she finds herself locked in a race against time for she too is consumed by The Grudge... Written by BHamazonking

Karen Davis is a woman residing in Japan with her boyfriend, who is studying there. Temporarily assigned to be caretaker for a woman with severe sleeping disorder, Karen goes to the patient's house. What she finds is something she would never expect. The house is plagued by the presence of murderous ghosts, the result of a curse. The curse is born from someone dying in a powerful rage. Now, Karen finds herself being tormented by that curse, as it eventually starts claiming it's victims.

Ripped from DVD using Handbrake for Mac. High Quality.

(Sorry i'm new to the pirate bay. I just started learning how to use it. I'll seed tell i get to 2.000% ratio @ 90KBs per second.)