Managing Successful Projects with PRINCE2™
2009 Edition

Author:  Office of Government Commerce (OGC)
Publisher: TSO (The Stationery Office)

Managing Successful Projects With PRINCE2

This publication provides a universally applicable project management method - the principles, processes and techniques that enable individuals and organisations to successfully deliver their projects within time, cost and quality constraints. Managing Successful Projects with PRINCE2™ forms part of a pair of publications that are the result of the PRINCE2: 2009 Project to update the PRINCE2 guidance. Its companion is Directing Successful Projects with PRINCE2™. The title has been designed to be a role specific handbook for Project Managers, Team Managers and Project Support.
The new 2009 edition:

    *  Explains the principles that underpin PRINCE2
    *  Describes the PRINCE2 processes in their entirety
    *  Describes 'Key Themes' of project management, specific to PRINCE2, that are required for the processes to be effective
    *  Cross-references techniques that may be applied
    *  Explains how to tailor the method
    *  Provides context of when and how to use PRINCE2 for different project environments (e.g. standalone or as part of a programme)
    *  Like the 2005 guidance, contains chapters on Starting Up a Project, Directing a Project, Initiating a Project, Controlling a Stage, Managing Product Delivery, Managing Stage Boundary, and Closing a Project.

Key features:

    *  Includes real world examples and illustrations in each chapter
    *  Contains a list of further information
    *  Glossary - definition of acronyms and terms used.

In addition, the guidance also looks at the wider role of the Project Manager, including:

    *  Soft skills of the project manager
    *  Leading and managing
    *  Stakeholder engagement and communication planning
    *  Organisational change management
    *  PRINCE2 in different types of organisation and cultures
    *  Training needs for project teams.

Contains extensive appendices on the following topics:

    *  Product Descriptions
    *  Governance
    *  Role Definitions - Responsibilities and typical competencies by role
    *  Product Based Planning example
    *  Health Check.

PRINCE2 Exams and Editions

PRINCE2 Foundation and Practitioner exams based on PRINCE2 2009 have been available from 06 July 2009. PRINCE2 exams based on the PRINCE2 2005 edition will continue to run until the end of 2009. Visit PRINCE2 2009 FAQs for more information.