Noam Chomsky - Manufacturing Consent
------------------------------------

In an energetic fusion of images and ideas, Manufacturing Consent explores the political life and times of the controversial author, linguist and radical philosopher, Noam Chomsky.

As a boy during the Depression, he worked his uncle's newsstand in Manhattan. Today, he is an outspoken critic of the press and one of America's leading dissidents.

Highlighting Chomsky's analysis of the media, Manufacturing Consent focuses on democratic societies where populations not disciplined by force are subjected to more subtle forms of ideological control.

Shocking examples of media deception permeate Chomsky's critique of the forces at work behind the daily news. Chomsky encourages his listeners to extricate themselves from this "web of deceit" by undertaking a course in "intellectual self-defense."

Travelling with him through Canada, Japan, Europe and across the U.S.A., we witness a tireless activist challenging and being confronted by the public and the press.

Herman of Wharton and Chomsky of MIT lucidly document their argument that America's government and its corporate giants exercise control over what we read, see and hear. The authors identify the forces that they contend make the national media propagandisticthe major three being the motivation for profit through ad revenue, the media's close links to and often ownership by corporations, and their acceptance of information from biased sources. In five case studies, the writers show how TV, newspapers and radio distort world events. For example, the authors maintain that "it would have been very difficult for the Guatemalan government to murder tens of thousands over the past decade if the U.S. press had provided the kind of coverage they gave to the difficulties of Andrei Sakharov or the murder of Jerzy Popieluszko in Poland." Such allegations would be routine were it not for the excellent research behind this book's controversial charges. Extensive evidence is calmly presented, and in the end an indictment against the guardians of our freedoms is substantiated. A disturbing picture emerges of a news system that panders to the interests of America's privileged and neglects its duties when the concerns of minority groups and the underclass are at stake. First serial to the Progressive.



French sub titles


Run Time: 2 hrs 47 minutes



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional information on September 11th, NWO and the great threat to you can be found at www infowars com or www.prisonplanet.tv

------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
