This is Igor Witkowski's amazing book Axis of the World - The Search for the Oldest American Civilization (2008) which reveals remnants of a high civilization that was able to exert its influence over almost the whole planet, and did so with full consciousness. Could many of the mysteries of America's prehistoric past lie with an ancient, advanced civilization? Witkowski mounts a painstaking search for answers, and compiles an astonishing array of evidence that points to only one conclusion: in the very deep mists of the past, there existed a highly-advanced civilization that was able to exert its influence on a worldwide scale, and did so in a purposeful way. These beneficent bringers of knowledge are described in almost every indigenous culture, and the similarities in the accounts cannot be reasonably overlooked. But Witkowski's conclusions are not based on myth and legend. He brings a multi-disciplinary approach to the problem, comparing archeological discoveries, ethnological relations, historical documents, linguistics and even the achievements of genetic research. You will be amazed as he traces the spread of this civilization from the Indus Valley, across the Pacific to South America. There stand the culture's crowning achievements, at Tiahuanaco in Bolivia and on Easter Island off Chile. Taken together, the facts presented by the author provide a fresh, new proof that an antediluvian great civilization flourished many millennia ago. His research and documentation of a pan-Pacific migration route harmonizes with the latest genetic research that debunks the afrocentric evolution of humans. It appears that his tracing of early humans in the America's from the area of the Indus Valley is being vindicated both by genetics and archeology. Axis of the World pictures one of the strangest, almost unknown, yet probably the most interesting civilization ever to exist on our planet. There is unequivocal evidence, based on facts that have simply been ignored for decades. 245 pages, many pictures. A must read for everyone.
