♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                                   Ziro RIP                                 
 ♦♦
   Release Date  :  02/12/2009                Protection  :  Nothing
   Release Type  :  RIP 08x5.00MB             Company     :  Kokakiki
 ♦♦
   Release Notes:

   Once upon a time The Earth was green and beautiful. It was entrusted     
   to humans to use it wisely together with all living things.              
                                                                            
   Over time humans developed advanced technology using up the Earth's      
   natural resources. Humans lost their connection with the Earth. Caring   
   only for their selfish interests, they didnt notice the injuries that   
   they had inflicted upon the Earth.                                       
                                                                            
   Climate change became the Earth's scream for help. But nobody heard.     
   Nobody until the cries become so strong that they woke up Ziro, the      
   youngest member of the ancient order of Snowmen Earth guardians.         
                                                                            
   Ziro will take you on a journey of puzzle solving. You will be able to   
   learn how you can reconnect and help Mother Earth.                       
                                                                            
   Puzzle game featuring 300 mind-cracking levels that will take player     
   all around world in noble quest of fighting global warming               
                                                                            
   Full 3D graphics powered by Ultra Engine technology that provides        
   stunning graphics and visual effects rarely seen in casual games         
                                                                            
   A wide variety of puzzle elements that will heat up even the most        
   prepared brains                                                          
                                                                            
   Relax tension of problem solving and boost up your mood with 30          
   minutes of funky music                                                   
                                                                            
   3 different game modes: Quest, Skill and Practice - a challenge for      
   everyones taste                                                         
                                                                            
   Internet Worldwide "Hall of Fame" - compare yours high score with        
   players all around the world                                             
                                                                            
   Enjoy the trip around the world through beautiful environments that      
   are unique and characteristic for each part of the globe                 
                                                                            
   Learn the most important facts about global warming through fun and      
   excitement                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 ♦♦
   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Start game with Ziro.exe                                              
   3. Enjoy!                                                                
 ♦♦

     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 ♦♦
  " We need disklimit expanded to 100x5mb! Contact us for setting new rules! "