For the better part of the last decade, British software designer Geoff Crammond has been involved in the creation of the finest Formula 1 racing games for the PC. Starting with World Circuit in 1993 and leading up to Grand Prix 3 in 2000, Geoff Crammond's racing games have been the undisputed champions of F1 by capturing the true essence of all aspects of this widely popular motorsport, from track design to driver behavior. But it could be argued that these games' stature is due as much to the lack of noteworthy competition as it is to their quality and realism. Certainly, at the time of Grand Prix 3's release, most other F1 games up to that point were too forgiving in their physics, took too much creative license in regard to their level of realism, or simply had several glaring problems or omissions. Geoff Crammond's Grand Prix 4 carries on the series' tradition of being the most realistic F1 game for the PC--but it's no longer the only player on the market. Specifically, Grand Prix 4 faces stiff competition from Electronic Arts' recently released F1 2002, and as authentic as Geoff Crammond's latest game might be, this time it can't be crowned the champ by default. 

The basic idea behind the Grand Prix series has not changed in its latest installment. You'll assume the role of a driver for one of 11 Formula 1 teams and race on 17 world-famous racetracks in a bid to earn enough points to win the coveted Driver's Championship and Constructer's Cup, the two goals of all F1 teams and drivers. Obviously, the team rosters and race schedule have been updated since Grand Prix 3. But unlike F1 2002, Grand Prix 4 focuses on last year's 2001 FIA Formula 1 season, which means that it lacks several features that are currently available elsewhere--features like the addition of the new chicane at Hockenheim, the introduction of the Toyota team, and the absence of Mika Hakkinen from McLaren's primary car. However, since it was released after the end of last year's season, Grand Prix 4 is the most accurate representation of the 2001 F1 championships. The game not only includes all 11 teams, 22 drivers, and 17 courses from that season, but it also re-creates the weather conditions and starting grids of all of last year's races. Additionally, the game addresses some of the glaring issues found in Grand Prix 3--specifically, the graphics have been overhauled, a brand-new menu interface has been implemented, and a massive reference guide called the Gpaedia has been added. Narrated by Arrows team manager Mark Hemsworth, Gpaedia has information on all things F1, including an overview of a typical F1 car and a second-by-second breakdown of a pit stop. The virtual library of tables, charts, and full-motion video clips contained within the Gpaedia will surely please all racing fans, and even the most knowledgeable follower of F1 will undoubtedly learn something new. 

If you played Grand Prix 3, the first thing you'll notice about the new game is the face-lift. The menu interface is now extremely slick, using simple fonts set against stylized full-motion video for a look and feel that's similar to the menus in Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec. Likewise, the in-game graphics have also been updated with crisper textures and more polygons throughout. This change is most evident in the cars themselves, which are easily the best looking of any F1 game to date. Details such as wet-tire tread, individually spoked BBS wheels, and a reflective sheen on each car's fairing is clearly evident, as are new weather effects like rain drops that streak across your visor as you accelerate, reflections of the surroundings on the wet tarmac, and waves of heat in the distance. Another new visual addition to Grand Prix 4 is the introduction of a fully animated 3D pit crew, which is a welcome change from Grand Prix 3's paper-thin sprites. As in Grand Prix 3, however, the graphics in this game can be both impressive and unsightly at the same time. You can seemingly count the number of polygons that make up the entire pit crew on one hand, for example, and the track surfaces are lacking in terms of detail, which hampers the game's sense of speed. The menus, while attractive, aren't immediately intuitive. You'll search high and low for the setup menu, for instance, before realizing that it can be accessed only from your car's steering wheel LCD panel during a free practice or qualifying session. 





System requirements:
Pentium III 400 MHz, 64 MB RAM, 774 MB HD




Installation

1:Mount or burn the file "GP4.iso" (i recomend that you use"PowerIso" (Click it to download)

2:After burn or mount the file go to CD and run "setup.exe" (the game will now install)

3:In The File "GP4.ISO" there is a folder called "Crack" Copy that file to the folder that Garnd prix 4 is installed and replace the original file.
Now in Your Desktop Will be Created A shotcurt, run it, Maybe it say that you need to insert the Grand Prix CD, so mount or insert the file "Gp4.iso" now and Enjoy this Great Game!

