Parliament - The Clones of Dr. Funkenstein - 1976 - 24/96 - NBLP 7034 - Allen Zentz mastering
Posted By : Mister Cee
FLAC | 24/96 | Stereo | 835 MB - 5% recovery
Funk

Following closely on the heels of MOTHERSHIP CONNECTION, the group's undisputed high-water mark, THE CLONES OF DR. FUNKENSTEIN furthers George Clinton's conceptual and musical master plan to funkify the world. THE CLONES unravels the Funk Mob's cosmology and populates it with a cast of mythological characters that includes Starchild (introduced on MOTHERSHIP) and the Funk overlord himself, Dr. Funkenstein. By this album, Parliament have almost completely moved away from the guitar-dominated psychedelic soul of their early '70s output and entrenched themselves in the realm of lighter, horn and keyboard-driven experimental dance music.

While weakened by over-conceptualization and Parliament's sometimes too-goofy sense of humor--qualities that would seriously mar the group's later output--this disc is nonetheless full of freaky, utterly original jam-formula compositions bolstered by outstanding musicianship. "Do That Stuff" and "I've Been Watching You" are highlights. Though old school P-Funk fans may see this record as Parliament's bid for the commercial mainstream, it is still impossible to deny the unique, exuberant music within.



Track listing
01 Prelude
02 Gamin' On Ya
03 Dr. Funkenstein
04 Children Of Production
05 Getten' To Know You
06 Do That Stuff
07 Everything Is On The One
08 I've Been Watching You (Move Your Sexy Body)
09 Funkin' For Fun

Produced and Conceived by George Clinton
All tunes published by Malbiz and Ricks Music, Inc., BMI

Band lineup
Garry Shider, Glen Goins (vocals, guitar);
William "Bootsy" Collins (vocals, bass, drums)
George Clinton, Calvin Simon, Fuzzy Haskins, Raymond Davis, Grady Thomas (vocals)
Michael Hampton (guitar)
Fred Wesley, Maceo Parker, Rick Gardner, Michael Brecker, Randy Brecker (horns)
Bernie Worrell (keyboards, synthesizers)
Cordell Mosson (bass)
Jerome Brailey, Gary "Mudbone" Cooper (drums, percussion)
Debbie Edwards, Taka Kahn (background vocals).

Recorded at United Sound, Detroit, Michigan & Hollywood Sound, Hollywood, California.


Recording Procedure
Recorded using a Linn Sondek LP12 turntable,
Origin Live power supply,
Linn Ittok LVII tonearm,
Goldring 1042 MM Cartridge,
into Graham Slee Gram Amp 2 Special Edition Phono Stage
Chord Cobra 3 Interconnect
to Edirol R-09HR @ 24bit / 96kHz wav
Click Repair wav reverse - Declick 10
wavelab5 for track splitting
Adobe Audition 3.0 for manual click removal - flac

Flac Frontend > wav
iZotope RX advanced 1.21 
Flac Frontend - align on sector boundaries - flac