File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Superman Tonight" is a song by New Jersey hard rock band Bon Jovi. It is the second single release from the band's eleventh studio album The Circle. The single was released on the 25nd of January, 2010. On December 12, 2009, Bon Jovi performed the song on Saturday Night Live.

After waiting in vain for the premiere of the video clip of Superman Tonight in German official website has gone ahead and scoop it has shown in worldwide and by surprise. Universal few hours later it blocked all channels. As previously announced the video clip pictures of the band interspersed with everyday heroes such as teachers, firefighters, police and even personal friends of Jon and related to the foundation. Curious as to appear when the video clip and hang onUniversal has decided to remove it from this channel and even a few hours has not been seen or in their own web bonjovi.de. Apparently the official start of the video will be next week and Universal does not want to overtake events. The explosive new single by Island Records, will premiere at #1 music network VEVO on Wednesday, February 3rd, prior to the clip’s broadcast premiere on VH1 Saturday, February 6th.

Superman Tonight reached #33 on the radio max music top 70 and has reached #37 on the airplay Hot AC Chart as of 02/02/2010.Superman Tonight debuted #74 on the italian airplay chart and #34 on BDSRadio canadian AC chart.

The Circle is the title of the eleventh studio album by rock band Bon Jovi. Produced by John Shanks, the album was released November 10, 2009, with the new single "We Weren't Born to Follow" premiering on radio August 17. The album was released in Germany and Ireland on October 30, 2009. The album debuted at number 1 in several countries, including the U.S., where it sold 163,000 copies in its first week debuting at number 1 on the Billboard 200. This gives them their fourth number 1 album after their 2007 effort, Lost Highway.

In an interview given to Rolling Stone Magazine, guitarist Richie Sambora says the album is a return to "rock and roll" and said "There’s going to be some big choruses on there. It sounds like Bon Jovi, but it sounds fresh. We experimented with a lot of new sounds and had a really good time working with John Shanks, who is also a really good guitar player, so he and I did a lot of ‘weaseling’ with the guitar sounds. There are a lot of really good guitar sounds and new kind atmospheres on the new Bon Jovi record, that I think makes it really modern. I think people are going to dig it, man. And it rocks hard."

The Circle Tour will ensue the following year, "2010, probably spring time we’ll get going. And we’re going to go for a long time. It’s going to be a big one." Sambora stated.

In an interview on UK radio station Absolute Radio, Jon Bon Jovi stated the album title has multiple meanings. It stands for the fact that a circle is never ending, and that it also refers to Bon Jovi's inner circle - stating that "in this organization, the circle is very difficult to get into, and even more difficult to get out of."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

