Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 3 of 6 
Audio CD: August 3, 2004 
Original Release Date: 1979 
Label: Bear Family, Import; Boxed Set; Germany 
Format: Box set 
Quality: 192 kbps

Uncle Dave Macon -- "The Dixie Dewdrop" -- is a pivotal artist in early country music.  Influenced early in life by circus and vaudeville performers who passed through his family's hotel in Nashville, Dave was exposed to many styles of performance and in 1885 he met banjo player Joel Davidson and became captivated by the instrument.  By the 1890s, Dave was entertaining stagecoach passengers with banjo tunes and comic antics from a homemade stage on the roof of the family's barn. 

Uncle Dave Macon was one of the first country stars to record, the first star of the Grand Ole Opry, and one of the first members elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Possibly one of the finest sets out.  If you want to really understand the depth of early country music, then you must have this set.  Macon had all the styles and showmanship that influenced everyone from Charlie Poole to Bill Monroe.  Every single song that was ever issued by Macon is contained on this set and the book is an incredible read. Most recommended! ~ Ben Dewberry

This is the best box set for the hardcore Uncle Dave Macon fan.  If you want to hear live tracks you have never had access to, and if you want to find out what the older tracks that were only released on 78 rpm are all about, you need this box!  The book is wonderful with newly found photos and a very detailed discography of the recordings! Probably, a little too rich for the casual fan. ~ M. Bailey

Please see for more information - Schon55 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Dave_Macon

Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 3 of 6 
01  Ain't It A Shame To Keep Your Honey Out Of The Rain
02  Stop That Knocking At My Door
03  Sassy Sam
04  Shout, Mourner, You Shall Be Free
05  I Don't Care If I Never Wake Up
06  In The Good Old Summer Time
07  Something's Always Sure To Tickle Me
08  Sourwood Mountain Medley
09  Deliverance Will Come
10  Wouldn't Give Me Sugar In My Coffee
11  Kissin' On The Sly
12  Hold On To The Sleigh
13  In The Good Old Days Of Long Ago
14  My Girl's A High Born Lady
15  The Crossed Butcher And The Cackling Hen
16  In The Old Carolina State (Where The Sweet Magnolias Bloom)
17  Never Make Love No More
18  Arcade Blues
19  Them Two Gals Of Mine
20  Diamond In The Rough
21  Tossing The Baby So High
22  Sho' Fly, Don't Bother Me
23  Uncle Ned
24  Braying Mule
25  Bake That Chicken Pie
26  Rock About My Sara Jane