Hi there..

Firstly I'd like to tell you about a new Christian site:
 
http://www.blazefire.org/

Registrations are open for a while. Safe, no ads, pure, non-denominational site.

Now about this upload.
Socrates once said, "I know you won't believe me, but the highest form of Human Excellence is to question oneself and others." :-)

- In 1859, Charles Darwin published, “On the Origin of Species.” In it, he argued that all of life on earth was the product of undirected natural processes

Time, chance, and natural selection. Since Darwin, biologists have relied on such processes to account for the origin of living things.									

“Unlocking the Mystery of Life” is the story of contemporary scientists who are advancing a powerful, but controversial, idea—the theory of “intelligent design.” It is a theory based upon compelling biochemical evidence. 				

Through state-of-the-art computer animation, Unlocking the Mystery of Life transports you into the interior of the living cell to explore systems and machines that bear the unmistakable hallmarks of design. Discover the intricacy of a microscopic bacterial rotary motor, which spins at 100,000 rpm.

Within the cell nucleus explore the wonder of DNA, a threadlike molecule that stores instructions to build the essential components of every living organism. It is part of a biological information processing system more complex and more powerful than any computer network.

This remarkable documentary examines the scientific case for intelligent design - an idea with the power to revolutionize our understanding of life…and to unlock the mystery of its origin.

Also Included in this Folder is the Script to the whole documentary as pdf, plus the extra material from the DVD, all as high Quality Xvid or DivX.

Love from Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."