Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Whitney Houston - My Name Is Not Susan(without rap) (2nafish) 



"My Name Is Not Susan" was the fourth single released from Whitney Houston's third album, I'm Your Baby Tonight. The song was produced by L.A. Reid and Babyface and written by Eric Foster White. In the song, the female protagonist's lover has mistakenly called her by his ex-girlfriend's name, "Susan," and receives a harsh rebuke for his mistake.

In the songs music video, Houston is featured playing both herself and a character named "Susan." The video is suggested by several elements in the Alfred Hitchcock film Vertigo, both containing a man involved with an obsesive love for both a glamorous blonde and down-to-earth brunette played by the same actress. Several specific scenes that are parallel include a visit to a grave, dining in a restaurant, and the photographer's buying clothes for the girl, having her hair also dyed blonde, and the way she emerges from the bathroom. The boyfriend, who is a photographer may have been suggested by another Hitchcock film, Rear Window.

There is also a rare version of the video with a remix with rapper Monie Love. 

"My Name Is Not Susan" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 67, peaking at number 20. It remained in the Top 40 for six weeks, Houston's shortest showing at the time. It peaked at number eight on the R&B Singles Chart. "My Name Is Not Susan" was modestly received internationally, where it peaked at number 29 on the UK Singles Chart and a modest number 57 in Germany. In 1998, a remixed version of the song (remixed by Snap in 1991 as the Logic remix) charted in Germany and reached number 52, five places higher than the original did in 1991.

I'm Your Baby Tonight is the third studio album by American pop/R&B singer Whitney Houston; released by Arista Records on November 6, 1990. Following the run of this album, Houston continued to achieve widespread commercial success throughout the 1990s, venturing heavily into films—while continuing to record via their adjoining soundtrack albums. Subsequently, I'm Your Baby Tonight would not be followed up with another studio album until 1998's My Love Is Your Love.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 

