Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Revolution" is a song by The Beatles written by John Lennon and attributed to Lennon/McCartney.

The song appeared in two distinctly different incarnations, a raucous electric "Revolution", and a slowed "Revolution 1". A third connected piece written by Lennon, the heavily experimental "Revolution 9", appeared on the same album side as "Revolution 1" on The Beatles, also known as the White Album. Both were on the second side of the second disc. A third unconfirmed version, "Revolution 1, Take 20" has surfaced on the internet.

This was the second overtly political song the Beatles recorded, the first being "Taxman", written by George Harrison in 1966. The song reflects the shift from Lennon's 1967 creative focus on psychedelia, LSD, and Transcendental Meditation, which had collapsed in the wake of the Beatles' February-April 1968 trip to India, Lennon's involvement with politically-oriented artist Yoko Ono, and the growing social upheavals of 1968. McCartney was initially uneasy about the political nature of the song, which he felt was at odds with the Beatles' style.

"Revolution" was the first Beatles recording to be licensed for use in a television commercial. Nike used the recording for a commercial in 1987, paying $250,000 for the rights to Capitol Records and a similar amount to ATV Music Publishing (company owned by Michael Jackson, who owned the publishing rights). This caused a huge backlash among Beatles fans, who felt Lennon would have objected to this usage, especially in the face of controversy over Nike's use of sweatshops. George Harrison said of the Nike deal in November 1987 that "every Beatles song ever recorded is going to be advertising women's underwear and sausages. We've got to put a stop to it in order to set a precedent. Otherwise it's going to be a free-for-all. It's one thing when you're dead, but we're still around! They don't have any respect for the fact that we wrote and recorded those songs, and it was our lives." In the summer of 1987, the three surviving Beatles along with their record label, Apple, filed a lawsuit objecting to Nike's use of the song. The suit was aimed at Nike, its ad agency, Wieden & Kennedy, and Capitol-EMI Records. Capitol-EMI countered by saying the lawsuit was "groundless" because Capitol had licensed the use of "Revolution" with the "active support and encouragement of Yoko Ono Lennon, a shareholder and director of Apple." Yoko Ono, John Lennon's widow, expressed approval when the commercial was released; she was quoted in Time magazine as saying the commercial "is making John's music accessible to a new generation."

In November 1989 the Los Angeles Daily News reported that the lawsuit had been settled out-of-court, with the terms of the agreement kept secret. The settlement was reached among the three groups of interests involved: the former surviving Beatles – George Harrison, Paul McCartney, and Ringo Starr; John Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono, and Apple, EMI, and Capitol Records. Some years later, TheStreet.com, a business-oriented web site, ran a piece commemorating the top 100 business events that shaped the 20th century. Nike's Revolution ad made the cut at No. 97. TheStreet.com claimed the ad worthy of joining the 100 key events since it helped "commodify dissent".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

