The House Of Milton Jones - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC 7 via DVB-T
6 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo 


The man they call 'Britain’s Funniest Milton', Milton Jones, stars in his own sitcom set in a house which Milton shares with his long-suffering sister Susan (played by Olivia Colman ("Mitchell & Webb"))and her slightly useless husband Ian. Above them is the house’s owner, their daffy Aunt Dilys (played by Rosemary Leach) and below them, in the basement, lives the ever-smooth ever-competent Anton (Tom Goodman-Hill ('The Office', 'Spamalot')).

In the first episode, it’s time to decorate! The carpet hasn’t been changed since the Sixties and there’s big holes in it - probably where someone dropped a lot of acid. And Milton discovers that "Hint Of Apricot" is a paint colour not a flavour of yoghurt. Doesn’t stop him having three bowls though... Episode 2 and Susan & Ian are going on a second honeymoon - that’s if they can get Milton out of the boot of their car. And in the third episode, Susan & Ian are planning an intimate dinner party for a few friends. "Of course, the guests can always eat nibbles..." - but unfortunately, Nibbles is the name of Milton’s hamster. Episode 4, and Milton discovers a strange kink in his bloodline which means he’s the rightful Duke of Eastern Wales. He’s also given the keys to the city of Wrexham, mainly because no-one else wants them. Episode 5, and a bar of gold, a power drill and a pancake alarm combine confusingly as Milton accidentally holds up a bank and ends up on trial for his very freedom. If only he could stop giggling at the fact that the judge is secretly wearing a wig... And in the final episode, Milton tries to organize a party for his nephews, and somehow gets tangled up with a stampeding rhino, and a skywriting Spitfire...

"Milton Jones is one of Britain’s best gagsmiths with a flair for creating daft yet perfect one-liners." (The Guardian.)

"If you haven’t caught up with Jones yet - do so!" - (The Daily Mail)

Cast:
Milton Jones as himself
Olivia Colman as Susan
Nigel Lindsay as Ian
Rosemary Leach as Aunt Dilys
Tom Goodman-Hill as Anton


The House Of Milton Jones - Castle
The House Of Milton Jones - Dinner Party
The House Of Milton Jones - Honeymoon
The House Of Milton Jones - Retirement
The House Of Milton Jones - Robbery
The House Of Milton Jones - Twin's Party
.

Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits





[