Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Linear PCM, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 1536 kbps


This video has no logo.


"Good Morning" is the first official single off of Chamillionaire's third album, Venom. It was produced by DJ Frank E and was released digitally on October 13, 2009, where it reached number one on the iTunes Hip-Hop/Rap chart following an aggressive Twitter campaign by Chamillionaire to promote the single. The single debuted and peaked at number 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and a video for the single was released on November 10, 2009. The instrumentals for "Good Morning" sample from the song "Free Fallin'" by Tom Petty.

Hakeem Seriki (born November 28, 1979), better known by his stage name Chamillionaire, is a Grammy Award winning American rapper and singer and CEO of Chamillitary Entertainment and a founder and original member of The Color Changin' Click, He began his career independently with local releases in 2003, including collaboration album Get Ya Mind Correct with fellow Houston rapper Paul Wall. He signed to Universal Records in 2005 and released The Sound of Revenge under Universal. It included hit singles "Turn It Up" and the number-one, Grammy-winning hit "Ridin'". Ultimate Victory followed in 2007. Chamillionaire is currently readying for his third major studio album release,Venom.

Venom (Visually Entertaining Negatives of Money) is southern rapper Chamillionaire's third studio album. It is scheduled to be released on February 2nd, 2010. On September 3, 2009, Chamillionaire leaked the first single for the then-untitled album titled "Good Morning". The song debuted at number forty on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. A video for the single was released on November 10, 2009. There is track that is unknown to be on Venom this track is called Creepin' (Solo) featuring rapper Ludacris

Previously, Chamillionaire had stated that his third studio album would not be titled 'Venom' and that the content for that album had been scrapped and a new project was under way. To decide the title for his newest album, a competition was run on the rapper's website asking fans for their suggestions for album names. As a result of the competition, several names were short-listed and finally they were voted on and Venom was chosen by fans as the title for his third album. Chamillionaire spoke on the reversal of mind stating:
“ 	...not wanting to use it anymore was for creative reasons but others seemed to disagree because of marketing reasons. So I figured that I would put it up there so you all could decide and help me prove I'm not crazy. Looks like I am crazy. Venom it is.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

