Disco Digitale (the brothers Lars and Christer Björndahl and Emma Hogander) started in 2003 (then together with Annelie Schmidt) and is a Swedish synthpop/italo-disco band, inspired by bands such as Trans-X, Digital Emotion and Fancy they wrote their debut album "Computer Dreams" 2006. The album consists of 11 Songs with catchy melodies. 

A new fully loaded Ep with The Italo/Synthpop group Disco Digitale hits the stores 18 april 2007. “Disco Digitale – In The 25th Century” Contains 9-Tracks 3new songs New Single version on “Living In A Fantasy”, Radio Edit on “Videogirl” + 4 Remixes By Disco Digitale and various artists. It also contains a nicely done limited edition Dvd-r with a full Live concert. The new Ep is released 18April order now! on: www.discodigitale.com 

A new single Aurora is on the way we wasn..t able to release it before the end of last year as promised, but it will be out shortly. A part of the delay is sadly that Annelie has decided to leave Disco Digitale due to personal reasons. We are parting at the best of friends and we will probably hear Anneile again as a guest singer on some future song. We wish her all the best and she will always be apart of Disco Digitale. 

We also wants to present some happier news and that is our new member Emma Hogander. Emma joind our crew in middle of december 2007 and we have recently finished recording her voice on the new single Aurora. We have also performed our first live gig with Emma so check out the pictures section on our webpage for images of us as the new band. 

Disco Digitale also features with a remix on the band Octolabs debut ablum "The Timeless Room" check out this album at www.octolab.se 

Now we finally has released our new single "Aurora" as a free digital download. You can download the song on www.discodigitale.com Aurora is the first single from the forthcoming album: "Electronic Passion"

Albums:
(2006) Computer Dreams [2CD Ltd Ed]
(2007) In the 25th Century [Live-DVD]
(2008) Aurora
