Clones (c) Tomkorp Computer Solutions Inc.

Release On   : 29 November 2010            Disk Amount/Format : 1 CD ISO
Type of Game : Lemmings Clone              Media Protection   : Steam

Release Information:

Clones is a friendly, fun, and engaging evolution to the classic Lemmings
puzzle genre which includes robust internet-multiplayer with team play,
different game modes, powerups, leaderboards, and a built-in level editor
that was used to create the singleplayer campaign of over 150 clontastic
puzzles spanning 11 CloneMaster bosses over 5 regions of the Clones Planet.

The Intergalactic CloneMaster Organization welcomes you! Take the scenic
route and solve the fun and challenging problems crafted by the most
cunning creatures in the universe. Then try the competitive route and test
out your strategies head-to-head, in real-time, against other players from
around the galaxy!

Guide your clones as you explore over 150 perplexing puzzles on your
pilgrimage across the Clones Planet to learn from the clever and quirky
CloneMasters. Truly a thing of wonder, the clone’s body has the remarkable
ability of morphing into many different shapes to perform various actions.
As a CloneMaster you must instruct each Clone when to perform a morph to
overcome any obstacles. By defeating the Elder CloneMasters in one-on-one
matches you will piece together the ancient CloneMaster Medallion and
reveal a most formidable opponent.

Enjoy the thrill as you outwit your opponents during online play and
witness the glory as you sneak out a clone on a successful sabotage
mission, or admit defeat as your squad of clones is secretly stolen due to
marvelous misdirection! Team up with friends and play co-op in any of the
over 50 multiplayer levels, or create your own using the built-in level
editor. Custom levels are automatically shared when a new player joins
your server.

Puzzles Galore: With over 150 unique singleplayer puzzles presented by
11 zany CloneMasters spread across 5 environmental themes, Clones will
provide you with many hours of mind bending fun! Pack a lunch. 

Multiplayer Mania: Support for up to 16 players in 8 colorful groups.
Experience intense real-time strategy at its best by using the built-in
server browser to find a LAN or internet match. In-game chats help you
co-ordinate with your team and confuse your opponent! Spectators can
watch matches without participating to study your mad skills. 

Customization: Use your creativity and the avatar creator to generate your
own personal clone avatar by arranging the hair, antlers, eyes, body, and
mouth any way you want! Easily tweak multiplayer level settings on the fly
to adjust morph counts and play with dozens or thousands of clones, if you
can handle it. 

Player Friendly: Per-puzzle checkpoints can be set at any time, preventing
the frustration of having to start all over again on the tricky levels
we've carefully prepared. Mini-map lets you quickly navigate, and warnings
sound when your clones are in trouble. 

No Fillers: We know your time is important. Each and every level in Clones
is different and presents a unique puzzle concept. We've worked hard to
make the Clones experience as smooth as possible in every way. 

Bonus Items: Unlock stamps, decorations, and hidden levels as you
progress. Use decorations to customize your clones in action, and use
stamps to tag the terrain and taunt your opponents in multiplayer! 

WYSIWYG Level Editor: Easily create and publish your own puzzles using the
fully featured built-in level editor. Freely browse and download levels
shared by others directly from ClonesGame.com 

CloneStats Ranking: Prove you have the quickest mind on the block with
CloneStats world ranking system which includes detailed per-puzzle
leaderboards and a chess-inspired multiplayer ranking system. 

Match Playbacks: Each game session is automatically recorded so you can
share your solutions with others, or record a video of your epic
multiplayer victory for all to see! 

Diverse Gameplay: Dozens of awesome contraptions to interact with: some
will help your clones, others will obliterate them! Your clones can fly,
walk on the ceiling, grow and shrink, predict the future and more!
Multiple FPS-style game modes such as Capture The Clone, Quantum Quarrel
(aka Last Clone Standing), and Multiverse Match (aka Head-to-Head)
provide variety and replayability.

Burn/mount, install, copy cracked content from TiNYiSO folder on the CD 
into /Bin/ folder, play

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO