Biography

Gothenburg, Sweden 2001

Strings Of Verdandi was formed in Gothenburg in early 2001. The music portrays folklore tales with dark atmospheric metal heavily inspired by black and heavy metal. Through the years the band has gone through several different formation changes. The only founding members left today is Andreas.

Andreas, a keyboardist, guitarist and vocalist, has been the main composer since the beginning. His writing style can be compared to incidental music, putting a soundtrack to dark fairy tales.

The current line-up also includes the members:

- Marcus, a doom inspired bass player, who contributes with his negative energy,
- David, a gifted guitarist who manages to pull off both heavy riffing and raging solos,
- Oscar, an eccentric pianist and guitarist influenced by jazz and classical music. He contributes with piano playing, arrangements, and assists Andreas in song writing.

The first demo, “Decomposition Of The Mind”, was released in 2001. A low budget production with an early line up, but it shows the direction, in which Strings Of Verdandi were going to take the music. It features melodic choruses with female vocals.

In 2003, the “Conducted Web Of Life Mysteria” was recorded. This demo shows more experimental song writing using complex structures and non-repetetive riff sequences.

The new promo “Forever Weaving Relentlessly” was recorded and released in April 2008. This time around Strings Of Verdandi aimed to make a bigger and more epic production, but yet keeping it more accessible and with less complex song structures.

The present sound of Strings Of Verdandi is melodic, mysterious and dark. There is much to explore within this visual soundscape.

“Pale the figures uncovered by the lunar silver crown
The thin veils of mist embrace the ghostly dancing shapes
Unstained and pure she passes as the forest pulls her close
The one with many shapes and names the bow caress the strings…”

 

www.stringsofverdandi.com
