POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 



POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at


POtHS - Bible Study - Part 05 - In The Beginning - Genesis

Here is the The Whole Word of Yahweh, Creator of The Universe. This is the divine Word of God.

About 16 Billion years there was nothing. Then nothing exploded creating The Universe that we know of today. The Earth was void and lifeless. Then a Miracle. A single cell was accidently created by water sloshing on Rocks. Over Billions and Billions of Years this single cell began mutating until it mutated into a fish, then it grew legs and "walked OUT of the Ocean". While all this was happening this single cell mutated into everything else that we know and see.  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 

That above statement is pure Science Fiction. This what is taught in our Worldly Schools. This is what the Earth Dwellers Teach. Human Life has NO MEANING, Do as Thou Wilt. There is no Price to pay for sin. There are no Morals except what you create. Life has no meaning is what Darwin and his brainless Professors teach. While the Life of a Professor that teaches this bunk has no meaning, The life of a believer does. We were created by The Creator for a specific purpose that we can not know to much about until we get there, unless you follow the Blue Print for Eternity you will wish you were that single cell, that Darwin talks about.

This Genesis Lecture is some of Missler's finest work. All you have to do is listen for the truth from Chuck as he proves the TRUTH about The Creation and The Bible with Science and Math.

Praise Jesus, Amen





type POtHS in your search window for more info.



RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross, paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him... 

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!) 

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   