HYPNOTICA: The Attractor Factor 
http://cdbaby.com/cd/hypnotica3
Newly released for 2008: Build Your individual magnetism for self-assurance, attraction and sex appeal

1 -	The Attractor Factor

Build Your individual magnetism for self-assurance, attraction and sex appeal.

Have you noticed how some people radiate with calm self-assurance... how they project a presence that projects charisma? 

That is personal magnetism.

Listen to this CD to discover on your own unique personality. As you listen on a regular basis, your newly discovered magnetism will develop. Soon your charisma will become automatic and compelling.

Have you ever noticed how some people just seem to have a natural attractive quality and a strong presence about them? 

They are somehow directing their personal energies—their magnetic energies—in unique ways.

This is what The Attractor Factor focuses on.


Hypnotica is the "Inner Game Guru".

Hypnotica is known as the "Inner Game Guru", and is considered one of the Godfathers of the Dating community.

He has been featured in The New York Times where his brilliant CD the "The Sphinx of Imagination" was reviewed. He is discussed in Neil Strauss's best selling book "The Game". He was a keynote speaker for "The Annihilation Method" dating program. He is also a featured lecturer in the "Double Your Dating" Advanced Series, Mastery Series, Power Sexuality and Body Language programs.

Hypnotica is also one of today’s most profound thinkers …blending his talents as a Hypnotist, Entertainer, Mind Scientist, Poet, Spoken Word Artist, Social Scientist, Neuro Linguistic Programmer, Storyteller, Seminar Leader, and Pioneer of Human Consciousness. Hypnotica has dedicated his life to the expansion and improvement of the human experience.

“Hypnotica is one of the people who has personally helped me at the deepest level, the most fundamental level, helping me get my reality, identity, and belief levels together. He taught me some of the most powerful and useful concepts that I use today.” 
David DeAngelo 
CEO of "Double Your Dating"

“Hypnotica is the Inner Game Guru. The concepts he teaches have been one of the influential factors in my own journey in regards to being more successful in The Game.” 
Neil Strauss 
Best-Selling author of "The Game

hypnotica.org 
http://www.hypnotica.org




I have alot more from Hypnotica, ask and ill up!