Sorcerer's Spell are a heavy metal outfit from the south of the UK. Primarily described as power metal, they also show elements of progressive, folk and traditional metal in their music.

Genre: Metal
Year: 2010
Audio codec: MP3
Rip type: tracks
Audio bitrate: 320 kbps
Duration: 15 min.
Tracklist:
01. Chasing Shadows [5:48]
02. The Mercenary [8:11]


In a distant sacred land many centuries ago, a band of warriors assembled of which the likes had never been seen. In the midst of a mighty storm, they were united through the consumption of a powerful elixir, sent from the gods above. Lightning struck and the wind roared as the six chosen ones began their journey onwards, to free their homeland and to undo the terrible curse that had been bestowed upon it by the evil one. Charged with the potent liquor flowing through their veins, they became an unstoppable force. These warriors were to become known through legend by many names. Some know them simply as the Disciples of Metal, others as the Knights of the Last Realm. In stories of folklore however, they are known by the name of their true force, the one who came to put an end to these dark times, the Sorcerer’s Spell.

a band so epic, they blew the beard clean off Gandalf’s face. So loud they are solely responsible for the creation of several canyons. So fast, they have been known to travel back in time during over-indulgent shred solos and manic drumming! The Sorcerer invites you to witness his sonic spell in action, and soon you too will be a Disciple of Metal!

Originally starting out as another excuse to avoid working, guitarists Paul Templing and Edd Dennis decided to start a project that they had drunkenly discussed on many an occasion. Inspired by various metal bands, Paul had written a number of songs which simply could not be contained within the privacy of his bedroom any longer. It was not until a fateful night of frantic air guitaring and yet more booze in the local rock tavern that they found a slightly inebriated Anthony “Trim” Trimming had appeared beside them. Impressed by his skills on the air guitar, conversation soon sparked of the project Edd and Paul had been working .. some vocal exhibitions and plenty more ales, Trim was quickly inducted into the ‘Spell. Of course, this band of three would be nothing without the sibling assault of Ben and Amy Turk, a pair of crazed lunatics from Surrey. As the producer of the ‘Spell’s first demo, and having performed with them both as a stand-in drummer and bassist, Ben was impressed with what he had heard. Soon, Amy too became enchanted by the sonic sorcery of the ‘Spell. It was only a matter of time before these two joined to provide a burst of insanity and virtuosity to this magical and formidable lineup.

Having Ben Turk on drums and Amy Turk tickling keyboards, harp and boy's trousers, the ‘Spell were more powerful than ever but still required a gut rumbler. After the gradual departure of previous bassist John Hutchings, they finally sort of settled on an acoustic guitar player named Mike who is secretly a bit metal (Don't tell anyone). This completed the line up and provided the 'Spell with the ability and drive to CONQUER THE WORLD! more specifically a venue near YOU! Plenty of new stuff is to come, including new songs, loads more gigs and of course plenty of tomfoolery, hijinx and general power-metal madness!