Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe discussed the famous 1980 Rendlesham Forest / RAF Bentwaters UFO incident and played recent interviews she conducted with both Col. Charles Halt, as well as UK researcher Gary Heseltine. She also shared an interview with Michio Kaku about time travel, advanced civilizations, and the Large Hadron Collider's problems.

During his interview, Halt recounted his role in the 1980 UFO sighting at RAF Bentwaters and reiterated his belief that the objects were extraterrestrial craft. He expressed disappointment with how his superiors handled the case at the time, noting that since they didn't seem to have an answer to what happened and the incident took place outside of the American base, they decided that "it was a Brit problem." The disillusioned Halt was highly skeptical of any answers to the UFO enigma being revealed by the government and theorized that it would take a major incident to break the mystery wide open. For more, see Linda's Earthfiles report.

Heseltine explained that the recent Halt press release was due to his urging of the colonel that "after 29 years, I would like a definitive statement" on what happened that night in Rendlesham Forest. Despite the many investigations by Ufologists into the Rendlesham Incident, Heseltine speculated that "we don't know more than 75% of what occurred." Additionally, Howe noted that James Penniston, a key witness to the event who allegedly touched the craft, reported under hypnosis, that the beings were time travelers and that "they are us." More here.
Howe also played an interview she conducted with Dr. Michio Kaku, who reacted to the possibility that UFOs are time travelers. He stressed the importance of detaching the human perspective from theorizing about ETs, saying "look at it from their point of view, rather than from our point of view." Kaku suggested that the likeliest means of aliens exploring the galaxy would be through "self-replicating probes" which could easily spread throughout the cosmos. Regarding the problems that have plagued the Large Hadron Collider, Kaku ascribed human error as the source of the recent difficulties although, according to him, the scientists behind the project "don't like to admit it."

Soul Photography

First hour guest Dr. Bruce Goldberg reacted to the story of a Russian scientist who claims he can photograph souls. Goldberg explained that this scientist is utilizing a form of the classic esoteric practice of Kirlian photography. He noted that this developed is part of a larger trend which sees mainstream science taking a second look at the previously marginalized form of photography as a means of medical diagnosis. "I think this is fantastic," Goldberg marveled, "his techniques are used in hospitals and athletic training programs and elsewhere."