Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"White Room", written by Jack Bruce and Pete Brown, is a single by Cream from their 1968 album Wheels of Fire.

After bassist Jack Bruce wrote the guitar pieces, Cream's lyricist, poet Pete Brown, grouped colourful four-syllable phrases, loosely organised around images of waiting in an English railway station influenced by the drugs he was taking. "White Room" is further noted for its unusual time signature of 5/4 in the introduction and bridge, with triplets played on toms by Ginger Baker, his thunderous bass drum part also lacing the verses. Finally, "White Room" is notable for showcasing guitarist Eric Clapton's best known use of the Vox Clyde McCoy Picture Wah in the bridge and extended solo.

Along with "Sunshine of Your Love" and "Crossroads", "White Room" is one of Cream's most notable songs, having reached number 6 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number 28 on the UK Singles Chart.

"White Room" was placed at #367 on the 2004 List of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

"White Room" is played after wins at Keyspan Park for the Brooklyn Cyclones.

"White Room" was featured in the Xbox and PC versions of the video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. A cover of "White Room" appeared as a playable track in the 2008 music video game Rock Revolution. The song is also featured at the conclusion of the Entourage episode, "The Resurrection".

"White Room" was prominently featured in the soundtrack of Episode 9 of the ABC TV Network series "Life on Mars."

Eric Clapton performed it live on his recorded 24 Nights concert.

Eric Clapton also performed the song on his After Midnight Concert, which was also recorded.

The song was performed by Eric Clapton in the Philadelphia leg of the Live Aid concert in 1985 with Phil Collins playing drums

Eric Patrick Clapton, CBE (born 30 March 1945) is an English blues-rock guitarist, singer, songwriter, and composer. Clapton has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Yardbirds, of Cream, and as a solo performer, being the only person ever to be inducted three times. Often viewed by critics and fans alike as one of the most important and influential guitarists of all time, Clapton was ranked fourth in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time" and #53 on their list of the Immortals: 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.

Although Clapton has varied his musical style throughout his career, it has always remained grounded in the blues. Yet, in spite of this focus, he is credited as an innovator in a wide variety of genres. These include blues-rock (with John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers and the Yardbirds) and psychedelic rock (with Cream). Clapton's chart success was not limited to the blues, with chart-toppers in Delta Blues (Me and Mr. Johnson), pop ("Change the World") and reggae (Bob Marley's "I Shot the Sheriff") (He is often credited for bringing reggae and Bob Marley to the mainstream.) Two of his most successful recordings were the hit love song "Layla", which he played with the band Derek and the Dominos, and Robert Johnson's "Crossroads", which has been his staple song since his days with Cream.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

