Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.                                                                 
                                            
                                       
                                 sCr!         
                                          
                       
                   
                              
                 
                      
                             
                              
                 
                               
                                
                                   
                                    
                                                
                                         
                                                  
               It goes AGAiN, AGAiN...          
                                                         
            EndPointSecurity v4.2.20091109            
                    (c) GFI                      
                                              
       Cracker...: AGAiN 2009                    
              Supplier..: AGAiN 2009                       
           Packager..: AGAiN 2009                               
           Tester....: AGAiN 2009                            
                                                                
                                                                  
                           OS..........: Windows                 
                           Language....: English                   
                             Protection..: Serial                    
                           Size........: 03 x 4.77mb               
                          Date........: 25/11/2009                
                                                         
                                                        
                                                
                                       
                             
                            
                        
                           
                                                 
     R e l e a s e              I n f o       
                                                                
                                                                 
                                                                  
    Protect Your Network from Portable Devices such USB      
      drives, iPods, and PDAs                                   
      The proliferation of consumer devices such as iPods,      
    USB devices, Smart Phones and more, has dramatically       
    increased the risk of intentional and unintentional      
   data leaks and other malicious activity. While most         
    companies have anti-virus software, firewalls, email         
        and web content security to protect against external      
    threats, few realize how easy it is for an employee to   
      simply walk in and copy large amounts of sensitive        
      data onto an iPod or USB stick. There is also an          
    increased risk of malicious and other illegal software     
    introduction to your network through these devices. Of   
   course your administrator could lock down all ports,        
    an ill-advised, difficult and unsustainable solution.        
                                                                  
    Prevent Data Theft and Virus Infection from within       
      with Endpoint Security Software                           
      Many businesses are unaware of, or choose to ignore,      
    the threat presented by portable devices in their          
    network environment until some event, ranging from       
   unfortunate to catastrophic, happens. According to          
    eMedia research, few small to medium sized businesses        
        consider portable storage devices to be a major           
    threat; with fewer than 20% having implemented           
      software to mitigate the risk. The key to managing        
      portable devices in your business environment is to       
    give your administrators direct control over what          
    devices are in use on your network. With GFI             
   EndPointSecurity you not only gain control over what       
    is in use but you also know what has been used and by        
        who, and most importantly you gain in-depth knowledge     
    of what data has been copied.                            
                                                                
      Control Portable Device Access to Your Network with       
    GFI EndPointSecurity                                       
    GFI EndPointSecurity allows administrators to actively   
   manage user access and log the activity of:                 
                                                                 
        -Media players, including iPods, Creative Zen and         
    others                                                   
      -USB drives, CompactFlash, memory cards, CDs, floppies    
      & other portable storage devices                          
    -PDAs, BlackBerry handhelds, mobile phones, smart          
    phones and similar communication devices                 
   -Network cards, laptops and other network connections.      
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                           
                                                 
                                       
                                              
  I n s t a l l  I n f o                      
                                       
                                                              
      Unzip and unrar release, install it. When asked use       
      our keymaker to generate your registration data.           
                                                             
                                                                
                                                                
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                                
                                                               
                                                       
                               
                                         
                                                   
                                   - G r o u p ! -         
                                                   
                                                                
   There's the phoenix, immortality born with the flames,       
    strength rised from  the ashes, mythical  magnificence    
        resurrected  from  the  sky -  soul  of  the spiritual   
    being, intense excitement, cosmic fire the world began    
      and will end in, death and rebirth regenerated.           
                                                                 
    Things fade. Things  die. He has  been born again,  he   
    lives again. WE LIVE AGAiN. Deathless inspiration.          
                                                                
    team.again@gmail.com                                      
                                                        
                          
                                  
                                      
                                          
                       G r e e t i n g s                        
                                                                
                        SSG - LND - SAC                       
                                                                    
                                                             
         
                                                 
                                         
                 

                                                                        
                                                           
                                                      
                                              
                       sCr/strick9!   
                                   
                                         
                              
                            
                              
                           
                            
                                     
                                              
      Ascii Header                      
  and layout by Scour/SAC 2003.                  
 Ascii footer by Scour and Strick9.                     
                                                              
       AGAiNST THE ODDS!