Uh-Oh...The Teabaggers Are Upset.
Wednesday, February 24, 2010
Well, it’s day two of the great teabagger backlash against Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown. Combine teabagging with a good backlash, and you’re starting to get major kinky. The nutcases are upset over Brown’s vote to break the Republican filibuster against a Senate jobs bill.  Scott! The teabaggers didn’t elect you to provide jobs to the people of Massachusetts! Well actually, the teabaggers didn’t elect you at all. The people of Massachusetts did. So…  carry on! I guess teabaggers aren’t worried about jobs. They have jobs in the tea party graphic arts department, photoshopping President Obama into witch doctor costumes. Hey, you’ll always have a sign-making job with the tea party, as long as you can draw a proper swastika free hand. Yes, there’s a lot of anger against Scott Brown out there. Fortunately for him, it’s way out there—as in Idaho and Arizona. Politically, Scott Brown would be in big trouble—if teabaggers from Alabama, Wyoming, and Texas could vote in Massachusetts. Luckily for Scott, elderly white people from Kansas are not an important demographic in the Massachusetts Senate race. It’s all part of this nutty movement to “purify” the Republican Party. They’re going to distill conservatism right down to its essence, which is evidently two parts fat from Rush Limbaugh’s neck and one part foam from the mouth of Glenn Beck. The hardcore conservatives are actually trying to create a smaller tent for the Republican Party. I think they have something like a three-man tent in mind. The problem is that, if Rush Limbaugh is one of those men, he fills up the three-man tent on his own. Well, I guess there’s always room for Ann Coulter. You can put her in the bag that the tentpoles come in.

Of course, today is also Health Summit Eve, and the Republicans are busy decorating.  The Congressional Republicans have been whining about the details and visual set up of the healthcare summit. They want to make sure that everything looks perfect, so that nobody will notice how bad their healthcare proposals sound… that is, assuming they come up with some actual healthcare proposals by tomorrow. The GOP insisted that President Obama not get a podium. Then they insisted that he couldn’t sit at the head of a U-shaped table. The Republicans have put more thought into what the decor at the healthcare summit should be than they’ve put into healthcare reform itself. Hey Republicans, let us take care of healthcare. You can knit a nice cozy for it. 