Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Slaughter is an American hard rock/glam metal band formed in Las Vegas, Nevada by lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist Mark Slaughter and bassist Dana Strum. The band reached stardom in 1990 with their first album, Stick It to Ya which spawned several hit singles including "Up All Night", "Spend My Life", "Mad About You", and the power ballad "Fly to the Angels". The album reached double platinum status in the United States. 

The band remains a steady act in national tours, mainly in the Rock Never Stops Tour which features several bands of the same era.

Stick It To Ya is the debut album from hard rock band Slaughter. It was released in 1990 by Chrysalis Records. It sold over 2 million copies. It was also nominated for a best metal album of the year at the 1991 American Music Awards show.

Slaughter first formed in Las Vegas, Nevada at the height of glam metal's dominance over MTV and rock radio. Achieving popularity at the tail end of the movement, Slaughter's day in the spotlight proved to be bright but fickle and brief. They have, however, continued to record and tour.

The band formed in late-1988 out of the ashes of lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist Mark Slaughter and bassist Dana Strum's previous group, Vinnie Vincent Invasion, which had featured the titular lead guitarist. The story behind the formation of Slaughter was that VVI's record company, Chrysalis Records, took the $4 million contract away from Vincent for overexceeding his credit line with the label, and they transferred the contract to former VVI members Slaughter and Strum. By 1989, Slaughter and Strum completed the lineup by recruiting lead guitarist Tim Kelly and drummer Blas Elias. Their debut album Stick It to Ya saw 3 songs hit the Billboard Hot 100: "Fly to the Angels" (#19), "Up All Night" (#27), and "Spend My Life" (#39).

During this time, they were signed by Orion Pictures to record a song for the film Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey. The song, titled "Shout It Out", was accompanied by a music video and received heavy airplay.

In 1992, they released their second album, titled The Wild Life. It had the Billboard Hot 100 hit "Real Love" (#69), and was certified gold. This tour, most notably a concert in San Francisco, received positive reviews from both critics and fans.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

