Hoaglands.Mars-Vol.2-The.UN.Briefing-The.Terrestrial.Connection

VideoCodec: Theora (Thusnelda-alpha2)
Resolution: 640x464 @29fps
AudioCodec: Vorbis 128kb/s 44100Hz stereo
Running Time: 01:51:55
Hairstylist: Richard C Hoagland 
http://www.enterprisemission.com/stores.html
ddl ~ nice0 dot wordpress dot com

On February 28, 1992, at the invitation of a United Nations staff special interest group (SIG), Richard C. Hoagland took his case to the U.N. Speaking before hundreds of U.N. staff, delegates and invited press and guests, Hoagland extends his intelligence hypothesis concerning the mystery of Cydonia, to planet Earth: demonstrating that the same mathematical message encoded in the layout of the ruins on Mars is also found at many of the mysterious ruins on this planet. With many stunning slides and film clips, Hoagland shares his insights into a new science of "fourth dimensional physics" gleaned from the Cydonia research, a physics that opens the door to unlimited energy sources that could revolutionize our technologies, if not change the way we think about the universe itself.

The last 24 minutes of Vol. 2 contain an analysis of the extraordinary footage, captured by NASA on September 15, 1991, when the U.S. space shuttle Discovery recorded what appears to be UFO-like spacecraft cruising over the Indian Ocean at enormous speeds, turning at right angles and accelerating to several hundred thousand miles per hour after being "shot at" by two missile-like flashes, violating all current laws of physics. The fact that this video was broadcast live over NASA's own satellite channel (NASA Select), leads us to believe that this was a "U.S. black budget" project, . leaked from the highest offices at NASA -- despite NASA's current claim that the film shows only "ice crystals from a waste water dump". Shortly after this video was aired, the head of NASA, former astronaut and commander of the first U.S. S. Enterprise space shuttle, Admiral Richard Truly, was abruptly fired.