From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:


Newsflash: Brent is hot!

Great face, and a totally amazing body, hot ass, and a big, long cock! Yum! I could watch this young man fuck all day! And we're all about to watch him fuck right now, in fact!

I tell you what with that big long dick that has that slight downward curve, that thing must hit all kinds of spots when plunging deep in to a tight ass. I can only imagine what that must feel like for the lucky recipient, and lean, hot Mitch gets to know first hand! Knowing what an eager and enthusiastic bottom Mitch is, he's a prime candidate to be on the receiving end of a hot fucking from Brent, and when I paired these two guys up they went at it right away. Mitch started off by practically worshipping Brent, kissing and licking him all over, sucking that cock and getting it slick and ready, and even taking a turn sucking on Brent's toes. Brent was all fired up and ready to return some of that attention, getting Mitch even more turned on and rearin' to go with some hot sucking action as well. Mitch's enthusiasm showed, as he was talking dirty and so into it all that Brent himself couldn't help but get totally boned and ready to fuck!

I'll just cut through the rest of the preliminaries to say that this video is super hot to watch in no small part due to being able to watch that awesome tool Brent's equipped with diving deep in to Mitch's ass. Again, Brent's dick is long and it has this awesome downward curve and it's just incredible seeing it slide in and out. The guys made sure to fuck in a number of positions that gave us not only a great view of Brent's cock splitting Mitch's ass, but also gave us an incredible view of two smooth, lean hotties locked up in each other and driving each other wild. Brent's body looks stunning when he's in action, and Mitch is such a hot receiver that the action is fierce! Rawr!

Apparently, Brent's dick is shaped to hit all the right spots indeed, as his pumping gets Mitch to fire off a mighty load all over his chest, and then Brent himself gets to blast Mitch in the mouth and face with a big load of his own. Brent's a naughty one, too! After spraying a couple big shots in to Mitch's mouth, he moves his dick around to shoot some cum on to Mitch's neck and chest too, turned on by seeing a hot guy so eager to be covered in his load.

Add an oak cluster to Mitch's Purple Bottom ribbon, and give Brent a medal as well for not only having an amazing body and cock, but also knowing how to use both so well! 