Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Me Against the Music" is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears from her fourth studio album In the Zone, featuring Madonna. It was released on October 20, 2003 by Jive Records as the lead single of the album. The song was written by Spears and Madonna along with Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Penelope Magnet, Thabiso Nikhereanye, Terius "The-Dream" Nash, and Gary O'Brien.

"Me Against the Music" was a worldwide commercial success, reaching number one in Australia, Denmark, Ireland, Spain and the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles, while peaking within top five in many other countries. In the United States, the song charted lower at number 35 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also topped the Hot Dance Club Play chart for two weeks and won the 2004 Billboard Music Awards for "Hot Dance Single of the Year."

The music video of "Me Against the Music" was directed by Paul Hunter and produced by Veronica Zelle. The video itself reached number one on the TRL Countdown and stayed there for a record-breaking twenty consecutive days. However, the record was beaten in 2005. It was filmed from October 8–10, 2003 at Silvercup Studios in Long Island City, New York.

The video starts with Britney parking her car and going into a club. She walks through a series of hallways with wooden walls while Madonna observes her from a room through a video monitor. Arriving in the club, Britney dances, noticing several security cameras, while looking for Madonna, who appears on numerous television screens in the club. The two then approach the same wall from opposite sides and begin dancing in synchronicity. Madonna then enters the wooden hallways with Britney chasing after her and unable to spot her. Madonna drops her cane and disappears into a white room with a tree and swing and begins swinging while Britney finds the discarded cane and continues her search. While Britney reenters the club and starts dancing, Madonna appears on the screen singing her lines as a challenge to Britney. The two appear in a closed room with an empty metal bed frame and begin a series of acrobatic positions and movements along the frame until Madonna inexplicably disappears again. Madonna is back in the observation room and continues singing and dancing while Britney finds Madonna's discarded coat in the swing room. She appears in the observation room and throws Madonna against the wall, moving in for a kiss. Before she can french kiss her, Madonna disappears into thin air and her laugh can be heard in the distance as Britney looks around for her.

An official remix video used the "Peter Rauhofer's Electrohouse Edit" was also released.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/