Photo Collage Creator 3.61
Full Version with Serial

Photo Collage Creator is advanced digital scrapbooking and photo collage software that turns 
ordinary digital pictures and text into personalized works of art. The program combines three amazing 
functions: dozens of pre-designed fabulous collage templates, more than 50 photo frames, 
special mask effects, and flexible publishing formats. Photo Collage Creator includes 
everything one needs to turn regular digital photos and text into great-looking scrapbook pages 
suitable for printing, adding to a scrapbook, sharing with friends or hanging on the wall. 
Photo Collage Creator also introduces an entirely fun idea to assemble your precious photos 
into an artistic compilation, completely re-expressing your ideas. Using advanced features such 
as halo effect, perspective and atmosphere correction, you achieve dazzling results. 
With the innovative and fast digital collage software, the only limit to what you are able 
to create is your imagination!

To begin, you first have to select a template. The wizard lets you choose a composition based 
on a simple layout or designer collage beautifully embellished with effects and clipart. 
Then you select page orientation, collage size and Choose a template from the prebuilt library. 
There is a nice selection of templates to suite any taste and style. After that, 
you add photos and generate a collage. The photo collage software places images into a selected 
template automatically and presents the result in the work area of the editor. At this point, 
you can save your project and send a collage to print, or fine-tune the results further.

Features :
• Cool Edges & Shapes. Stamp out your images into a variety of creative shapes.
• Clip art, everywhere. A lot of clip art images are included to spice up any project. 
Photos and clip art can be rotated, resized, and placed anywhere on your collage board.
• Love those layers. Powerful layering technology enables you to add and arrange photos in your collage 
any way you want. Position, resize and rotate pictures with simple a click and drag. 
You can also change opacity of the layers, add shadow and halo effect.
• Amazing Perspective. Use unique Perspective function to create amazing effects.
• Beautiful templates. Now you may create nice collages in minutes! Choose composition 
and template, set canvas size, load photos... and your collage is ready!
• Author, Author. Insert your own funny slang words, catch phrases or personal sentiments. 
You choose the font, color, size and location.
• Awesome photo effects. Dozens of unique photo effects are included - ancient photo, spray, 
noise, posterize, emboss...
• Save it now, change it later. Save your creation as any of the standard image formats including jpg, 
bmp, and tif. Save your collage as a project file so it's completely editable the next time you open it.
• Make beautiful prints. Print your masterpiece using special print dialog.


Install Notes:
1- Install Application 
2- Go to About --> Register --> Enter this serial: 9see serial.txt
3- Click Register button
4- Enjoy! 