Abraham-Hicks 1993 AV-7 PARENTING VHS to DVDRip+MP3s

Remember, you can choose which files to download. There is no need to download everything that is in a .torrent.

This avi file is a rip from DVDs that has been made from “Conversations with Abraham” VHS tapes. My intention with this avi file was to reduce size of file to the minimal without noticeable lost of sound and picture quality. I used vob files from Abraham-Hicks AV-7 PARENTING 1993-05-16 Albuquerque, NM VHS to DVD torrent.

The avi quality and size was achieved by adjusting brightness, contrast, saturation… and cropping the picture by 8% (to remove the disturbing tape noise). Result: The experience when watching the avi files seem to be a better than when watching the vob files.

Some audio of this recordings goes up and down on the vob files but I have adjusted some of it in mp3 rip and trimmed the beginnings and the ends where video is needed to understand what is going on. 

This and some other materiel was a result from a request for a Group-Buy at 
http://sites.google.com/site/abrahamhickstorrents/project

I have also included "Abraham Hicks - Parenting Compilation" (64 mp3 clips 562MB)
This is a parenting compilation of the Abraham-Hicks .mp3 tracks that have the words parent, 
child, and teen in the title. These tracks were taken from the available Abraham-Hicks torrents. 

For more Abraham-Hicks_Torrents see webpage at: 
http://sites.google.com/site/abrahamhickstorrents

I have enjoyed the flow of energy in making these rips,

Wally


Jerry & Esther Hicks 
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php

For over 20 years Esther & Jerry Hicks have published hundreds of books, audio recordings and videos, and have conducted up to 60 workshops a year. Their work is derived from the teachings of "Non-Physical Source Energy" whom they refer to as "Abraham".

The Teachings of Abraham™ are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience.

“The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.”

Answers and inspiration from the Non-Physical entity Abraham — whom Esther calls “infinite intelligence” and Jerry refers to as “the purest form of love I’ve ever encountered.”
