AVG Support Website for all AVG Products & all AVG Cracks: 
http://www.avg.com/support

NOTE: Please do not forget to leave behind as much information as possible
about where the product is from and about your personal identification data.
You'll then be contacted as soon as possible by the AVG Support Team!


Thank you for choosing AVG,

The AVG Support Team






AVG Anti-Virus Professional 9.0


Essential protection that won’t get in your way!

AVG Professional Single Edition is perfectly designed to give you the maximum
antivirus protection for your single home PC or workstation. AVG Professional is
extremely reliable , fast and light on resources, so, no matter how demanding a
user you are, it won't slow down your performance.

AVG Professional is simple to install and operate. No IT expertise is required
and it can run in the background, providing uninterrupted protection. All file
and e-mail activity is checked automatically, allowing you to get on with your
work without worrying about viruses.

If you use your computer every day, you need protection that’s always there,
constantly keeping you safe. With AVG Anti-Virus, you get hassle-free protection
against today’s most sophisticated threats, online and offline. AVG Anti-Virus
includes our unique LinkScanner to prevent you from accidentally visiting harmful
sites.



*Here are some key features of "AVG Anti-Virus Professional 9.0":

Surfing and searching the web, social networking LinkScanner Active Surf-Shield:
Ensures every web page you visit is safe – even before you go there.

LinkScanner Search-Shield:
Applies safety ratings to your Google, Bing/MSN and Yahoo search results.

Superior Phishing Protection:
Checks to make sure web pages really are what they appear to be.

Emailing, chatting, and downloading Web Shield:
Lets you download and exchange files without risking virus infections.

E-mail Scanner:
Keeps you safe from dangerous attachments and links in your e-mail.

Whether you’re online or offline Anti-Virus:
Makes sure you can’t get or spread a virus, worm, or Trojan horse.

Anti-Spyware:
Prevents unauthorized information access by spyware and adware.

Anti-Rootkit:
Ensures even the toughest and most sophisticated threats are kept off your PC.

Game Mode:
Keeps you safe without interrupting your game-play.

Update Manager:
Makes sure you’re always protected against the latest threats automatically.



*More key features of "AVG Anti-Virus Professional 9.0":

Free program and virus updates are provided via ultra reliable Akamai servers.
AVG Professional Edition updates itself automatically whenever updates are
available. Alternatively you can update manually, or configure AVG Professional
to download updates at a scheduled time that suits you.

Multiple language support in one package. No need to buy a special language
version as all languages are included in the one product. A simple click of the
mouse and the entire interface (including help files) will instantly change to
your required language.

AVG holds the VB100% award and is ICSA certified, so you can be assured of the
highest level of antivirus protection.

AVG Professional Edition has many more features that make it the best value
antivirus protection available.

The powerful AVG Resident Shield provides maximum protection by scanning every
file opened, executed, or saved. It will also prevent the opening or executing
of infected files.

The AVG Personal E-mail Scanner checks every e-mail sent or received, providing
much needed protection from e-mail borne threats. AVG supports all leading
e-mail clients including MS Outlook, The bat!, Eudora and all other SMTP/POP3
based email clients such as Outlook Express. Encrypted connections using SSL
are also supported.

AVG Professional can scan attachments of instant message services (like ICQ,
MSN Messenger) for viruses and other threats.

AVG provides support for the detection of "potentially unwanted programs".

AVG's scanning engine uses a unique combination of heuristic analysis and
generic detection methods to detect all known viruses.

The AVG Resident Shield can include/exclude files from scanning based on
individual file extensions.

Automatically attempts to heal/remove infected files and other threats such
as trojans, worms, and java applets. Removed files are quarantined in the
AVG Virus Vault.

AVG Professional has flexible password protection so you can select which
settings you wish to protect from other users.

AVG Professional now supports Microsoft Windows 64 bit platforms.



System Requirements:


Computer Hardware

Minimum system requirements:
- Processor Intel Pentium 1.5 GHz
- Memory 512 MB RAM
- Hard disk free space (for installation) 350 MB HDD

Recommended system requirements:
- Processor Intel Pentium 1.8 GHz
- Memory 512 MB RAM
- Hard disk free space (for installation) 470 MB HDD


Operating systems

AVG Anti-Virus 9.0 is compatible with:
- MS Windows 2000
- MS Windows XP
- MS Windows XP Pro x64 Edition
- MS Windows Vista
- MS Windows Vista x64 Edition
- MS Windows 7
- MS Windows 7 x64 Edition


Languages

AVG Anti-Virus 9.0 is available in the following languages:

Bahasa (Indonesia), Brasilian Portuguese, Chinese Traditional, Chinese Simplified,
Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese,
Korean, Malay, Polish, Portuguese (Portugal), Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Turkish.


Other language versions may become available in future. Please contact AVG
Customer Services for more information.



More info: 
http://www.avg.com/