By the way, many times a movie we have posted here with several seeds
shows as having no seeds (such as das boot is right now - we have been seeding this straight since we started the launch). 

I say ignore the number of seeds you see and give
it a try just in case there are lots enough for you here. We will clean up
our list for those that didnt make it well enough (our older Xvids mainly).


This is a conversion fron a 2GB HD mkv file to a format that is playable
on ordinary DivX disc players that dont have HD capability normally -
yet are looking to produce a nice picture quality such as this rich looking
masterpiece (compared to a version we just converted from an NTSC DVD9
DVD, there is no doubt you get a better picture if you use HD source content
material so a guy can get a nicer movie even if he doesnt have the dough
to give up on his beers to buy expensive equipment and discs for HD normally).

We normally have been converting from large 6GB - 15GB mkv bluray sourced
files to get this quality, so as to make accesible movie file versions for
what most people have for equipment at the present time. 

 
About "Tin Men":
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094155/


This is another movie that ranks among my personal favourites.

Tin Men is an excellent human story that comes to us from
Hollywood to describe the life of the door to door salesman
who's looking to make a quick killing as it were, throughout
his working hours.

I know something of this business as I sold vaccum cleaners
myself while in high school for some pocket money as it were
as my parents had no ability to come up with anything in this
regard given their high mortgage and other expenses.

Although I didn't use the door to door approach (I was
given pre-arranged appointments to show off the 
"Filter Queen" products (by the way, they are the
best in the business, even these several decades 
later I find when I shop for a vaccum personally -
there are deals to be found in older used ones
in shops around town in any event), I have a lot
of understanding for the business and characters
that are depicted in the movie.

It's sad when a culture evolves in such a manner
that people simply don't feel that they are always
dealing with their own kin, in a way as to make
for a conscionable existence by comparison for
example to what you will find in most communities
in Europe. Even in Russia with the mob now operating
there, there is a sense of community that endures
and that will never be destroyed to the extent of seeing
each person in your midst as only a means to an end.

That unfortunately is the message of this movie 
and others like "Death of a salesman" and many
other such examples in fact.

If folks are to you just a prospect for a sale
and you don't care how its done, then I'm afraid
you lack a good enough existence to teach any
of your wisdom, in this regard. I think we should
learn from Europe instead. Better still, there's
Jessica Lange who could set it all up for us as
good Christians to show the world a better way.

It shows in all that people say and do and feel towards
one another, and the madness you see displayed in this
movie in what is insensitive or unfair is an example
in all of this, I think - quite clearly!

Nonetheless, its a great comedy for those that enjoy this 
genre, and I always will feel close to the characters 
given my own background even though I'm 100% the 
opposite in being concerned with integrity, while the 
scripted characters in the movie are clearly not. As such, 
the feeling is superficial, however it is there and quite 
emphatically so.

Great movies such as this and others that
we show off here are either not well enough
advertised or promoted, or they are simply
written off by the industry to the point where
they refuse to make them even available - at any
price - go figure!

I hope to see the industry make a fortune with our
efforts here, provided they put the DVDs on the shelves 
at just five bucks each. That's fair for all and its a
richer scheme than what they've got going now.
And more sensible too. (For the community minded).

Includes nice songs from the sountrack (for your ipod or 
home stereo - r even at the local cafe jukebox collection perhaps)

Michael Rizzo Chessman