Title: Swords
Genre: Fighting        
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: NTSC
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
In Swords, players travel through time and space to challenge eight skilled adversaries-- including the flirtatious yet dangerous beauty Keiko Anamura, the vicious Viking chieftain Armin, the famed Sir Lancelot of the Round Table and many more. Each victory grants players an upgraded, unique sword, providing them the type of blade they need to successfully defeat the next in line of opponents. Once they've cut their way through the list of history’s top masters, they must defeat the mysterious final combatant in order to earn the title of Greatest Swordsman of All Time. Beginning humbly in the dojo, players train and prepare with their sensei before setting off to battle. Players gain the skills and combos necessary during these rigorous training sessions by tackling a series of drills including carving, sparring, blocking and even battling a horde of zombies! In addition, players can train together with a friend or go head to head in the arena to determine the ultimate master of the blade.        


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers