For those of you patiently waiting for our full HD version (2GB)
We hope soon to be able to purchase an HD version at the store
(when its available)to make a conversion for you at supreme resolution
rates for the nice, larger HDTV sets now in use. 

This offering we now bring to you is fresh conversion from a brand
new NTSC format DVD just before we donated the original to the local
Library. It is therefore the longer version of this movie, 
in full 720 X 480 lovely wide-screen format (same as the DVD picture)
and with lovely 192k audio too! We even include a souvenir kit of 
the best songs from the movie in mp3 format along with subtitles
we extracted from the disc into srt files for French, Spanish and
Portuguese needs. That's all there was for these subtitles here,
I'm afraid to say. We wll have a PAL converted version (multi-sub)
for all the other Euro language offerings in subtitles too, and soon!
The moment it is available we expect to have an HD 720p version
posted for you too!

While this is now in standard DivX, we also have the identical movie
in Xvid for those that need it, with identical quality all the 
way through. A separate posting will follow after this launch is underway.



Victor Victoria is a most favorite of my movies personally in that I find
it does wonders for the spirit to have Julie Andrews and Robert Preston
repartee as they do in situations that certainly do serve as inspiration
to loftier attempts to articulate with clever wit, and with intelligence
that is as I say, in great sprit, certainly!

The "dinner at the ritz without a wallet" scene is unforgettable and 
a "tour de force" around the Hollywood sets when you consider their 
more recent exploits at the box office, by comparison.

Julie Andrews shows a great spirit in her drive to keep her sensibilities
intact despite being in what is an impoverished state financially
at the moment in time.

The idea that a generous spirit couldn't begrudge this gal a meal even
if the gesture has to be contrived in this fashion speaks to the sense of 
idealism and optimism f the human spirit that Ms. Andrews is wanting
us to believe in here, even if its differently manifested to fit whatever
circumstances we may apply the principle to.


We ask for your seeding support 
with thanks! Michael Rizzo Chessman

