Dead or Alive 2 for the Sega Dreamcast                             Rel. 02/29/2000


Format:	       CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	       English
Discs:          1
Image:          CDI
Gener.:         Fighting/Arcade
Selfboot:       Yes
Requirements:   Dreamcast Console, or DC Emulator.


Compressed with WinRar, Game was tested and works. 
Try 7Zip its free google it, if you don't have WinRar.


Release Notes: This is Dead or Alive 2 for the dreamcast and is selfboot 
               on a standard CD-R. Read below for info on type of media you 
               should use & how you should burn. All's thats needed is a cd-r 
               and a dreamcast console or you can try an emulator. This game 
               was tested on a regular dc console (made in 1999) and ran fine.
             
     
Important: Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't allow
           utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to be on the 
           safe side try to use a console manufactured before october 2000.  You
           can find the manfacture date on the bottom of the console on the sticker
           in fine print just look for it. Of course the only way to know is to
           just try it on your dreamcast.



Game Description:

Note - There is some load times where the screen will turn black for a little bit just wait and it will load and after fight press L or R or Start on controller. These load times are because the game has been converted to a CD-R but everything else is fine and won't effect gameplay nothing to worry about.

The arcade conversion adds an improved tag feature, with new stadiums to fight in, new character moves to play with, and plenty of windows, walls and ledges to fall over and crash through. Unlike Tekken Tag Tournament, however, DOA2 also includes a single player mode, a dodge button (allowing you to move left and right away from attacks), and multi-level arenas.



Game Pics included.


Burn with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

In Options enable overburn disc in Alcohol or DiscJuggler. (Do for all DC games)

Set Write Method To Raw/Dao and burn at 4x Speed for Alcohol 120%.


If you wanna burn using DiscJuggler Set Burn settings to Raw Write Mode 2 2352 
CD-DA or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write and burn at 4x Speed.


Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work only CD-R's).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		