All 9 Father Gilbert Mysteries. They weren\'t all up together so I put them together and uploaded them. 

When Louis Gilbert turned in his detective\'s badge to become an Anglican priest, he thought his days of solving difficult mysteries were over. Now, as the vicar of an ancient church in a small English village, Gilbert finds himself at the center of one strange mystery after another. And he brings to each one his unique combination of streetwise smarts and spiritual intuition.

Radio Theatre takes advantage of award-winning voice actors, orchestral musical scores, motion-picture quality sound design, and riveting scripts to unveil finished products that have earned such coveted awards as the George Foster Peabody, the Audie Award, and the Parent\'s Choice Award - to name just a few. Radio Theatre isn\'t just storytelling. It\'s not a \"book-on-tape.\" It\'s a movie that plays on the biggest screen of all... your imagination.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Episode 1 - In A Soul In Torment, Father Gilbert hears a confession of murder from a young man. But no murder has been committed, and the young man appears to have been a dream.

Episode 2 - In Where the Heart Is, Father Gilbert is caught up in the search for a mysterious and valuable chalice.

Episode 3 - In Dead Air, Gilbert encounters a evil nemesis from the unsolved case that caused him to resign from Scotland Yard.

Episode 4 - When a blind woman is suddenly made to see in Healing, it raises more than a few eyebrows around the small English village of Storwich. In fact, the faith-healing ministry that cured her (and a number of others) becomes the object of an intense investigation led by Father Louis Gilbert, the ex-Scotland Yard detective turned Anglican priest. Are the miracles legitimate? Is the charismatic \"Gabriel\" really who he says he is? Finding out is going to take all of Father Gilbert\'s skill as a priest and an investigator. And the answers are more dangerous than anyone imagines.

Episode 5 - A train crash. The strange kidnapping of Bill Drake, Father Gilbert\'s best friend. Two unrelated events - but are they? In Secrets, the clues are scattered far and wide, over space and time, and putting them together seems impossible. The newly-captured kidnapper certainly isn\'t going to admit to anything. And Bill Drake\'s heart condition is like a ticking bomb - forcing Father Gilbert to choose between his ruthless instincts as a former detective and his calling as a compassionate priest. Time is running out.

Episode 6 - In The Play\'s the Thing, Father Gilbert has to find out quickly who\'s behind the suspicious \"accidents\" at the Stonebridge Faire some say is cursed. But everyone in the acting troupe seems to be a suspect!

Episode 7 - The Grey Lady dramatizes two identical murders within two days on the Woodburton Army Base - and the suspects swear a ghost was responsible! Father Gilbert faces a dangerous conspiracy - or is there something truly supernatural at work?

Episode 8 - In The Silver Cord, Father Gilbert races to his mother\'s hospital bed where she lies delirious after a stroke. But she isn\'t at peace, and her panicked words compel Father Gilbert to seek out a total stranger in a bizarre life-and death struggle.

Episode 9 - In Memoriam brings forgotten memories to the surface. Old photographs. Clandestine meetings. An old flame returns. And, soon, Father Gilbert is haunted by the specters of his family\'s past, and secrets that cannot be contained any longer. Father Gilbert investigates - but cannot know that, this time, the investigation will lead him to the darkest parts of his own heart.