Banner: Tips Music Films

Color: C

Release Date: January 2010

Language: Hindi

Genre: Action / Thriller

Shooting Studios: Filmcity, Filmistan

Producer: Kumar S Taurani

Director: Kookie V Gulati

Star Cast
Vivek Oberoi…… Prince
Aruna Murty…… Maya
Nandana Sen…… Maya
Niroo Singh…… Maya
Isaiah…… Sarang
Sanjay Kapoor…… Officer Khan
Dalip Tahil…… Colonel Khanna
Manish Anand…… Mike
Mayur Puri…… PK
Rajesh Khattar…… Sherry
Mohit Chauhan…… Agent Roy

Cassettes and CD’s on: Tips Music Films

Lyricist: Sameer

Music Director: Sachin Gupta

Background Music: Sandeep Shirodkar

Cinematography: Vishnu Rao

Choreography: Geeta Kapoor, Pony Verma

Action: Allan Amin

Editor: Nicolas Trembasiewicz

Screenplay: Shiraz Ahmed

Sound: Resul Pookutty

Media Relations: Nine Winds Media & Entertainment Pvt. Ltd

Story / Writer: Shiraz Ahmed

Synopsis:
PRINCE
It’s Showtime…
Nothing and No One Can Be Trusted…

One of the savviest thieves in the world commits the biggest heist of his life. He wakes up next the morning to realize he has a gunshot wound on his arm that he doesn’t remember getting.

In his quest to find answers he discovers his name is Prince, he used to work for a man named Sarang and his girlfriend’s name is Maya.

He is being hunted by the secret service of India- I Grip, the CBI and the biggest white collared criminals in the world. He is the most wanted man in the country because only he knows the whereabouts of the heist, which contains a secret that is linked not only to his loss of memory but threatens the future of the Human Race.

Prince can rely only on his razor sharp instincts to salvage himself. The web of deception spins and Prince gets even more entangled.

Nothing and no one can be trusted.

Every day he meets a new girl claiming to be Maya…
Every cop and criminal in the country is out for his blood…
He doesn’t remember where he has hidden the Heist…
He doesn’t know which side of the law he is on…
His life is at stake…
The future of mankind is at stake…
Prince has no one but himself to trust …
Failure is not an option…
He has just 5 Days of his life…
Time is running out will he survive…
