Vlad - O Cavaleiro das Trevas (Vlad) 2003 Dual Audio

Vlad follows four graduate students as they backpack over to Vlad’s European homestead to write their thesis. Each graduate student has been invited courtesy of a cameo appearance by Brad Dourif (“The Two Towers”), playing the dean of a University somewhere thereabouts. Also along for the ride is Billy Zane (“Titanic) as Adrian, Dourif’s lackey, who is charged with protecting returning native Linsey (Monica Davidescu). For you see, before he died Vlad’s father bestowed a magical amulet onto his son as a means to gain power. Although Vlad has died hundreds of years ago, the amulet has found itself into the possession of Linsey, who starts having strange visions of Vlad’s bloody past. Later, while the students are hiking through the woods to Vlad’s old castle, other wacky things happen.
Em Bucareste, o professor Adrain Cracium (Billy Zane) e o Reitor da Universidade Hyman Radescu (Brad Dourif) descobrem que um dos quatro alunos estrangeiros prestes a entrar na Romênia, no programa especial de pesquisa, tem em seu poder um antiqüíssimo artefato que irá desencadear uma força maléfica jamais conhecida, um Mal que irá ceifar muitas vidas e que mudará destino dos sobreviventes para sempre… Isto desencadeara uma violenta ruptura em uma sociedade secreta da qual ambos pertencem

Cast:
Billy Zane ... Adrian 
Paul Popowich ... Jeff Meyer / Husband 
Kam Heskin ... Alexa Meyer 
Nicholas Irons ... Justin / Knight 
Brad Dourif ... Radescu 
Francesco Quinn ... Vlad Tepes 
Monica Davidescu ... Linsey 
Iva Hasperger ... Ilona 
Emil Hostina ... Mircea 
Guy Siner ... Ilie

Gênero: Terror
Ano de Lançamento: 2003
Qualidade: DvdRip
Formato: AVI
Idioma: Português/Inglês
Legenda: Português
Tamanho: 700Mb
Tempo de Duração: 98Minutos
Director: Michael D. Sellers

To watch the movie in English you'll have to use Media Player Classic, Gom Player, VCL or one that works with dual audio and change audio stream to 2 (or B). WINDOWS MEDIA PLAYER IS NO GOOD, because both audios will play at the same time. 
