. 


TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene. we are the most on-time tracker around the globe,
You can download releases whenever they release out by group uploaders. no Wait Time.

TorrentDay is a private tracker torrent website, which is totally free, safe and fast.


Higher Speed Download is available at: TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.


.

Torrentday : Clean RAR Scene File - Enjoy and don't forget to leave Thanks


Enjoy :)

...................................NFO:....................................


.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                         
              AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE        
                                             
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                

                   Jimmys.Food.Factory.S01E06.HDTV.XviD-aAF
                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
             
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2009.11.26
              Genre...........: Factual

       6/6 - Who's Fooling with Our Food?
       Farmer Jimmy Doherty discovers what really goes into supermarket 
       food. To find out, he goes back to basics and sets up his own food 
       factory in a barn.
       
       Jimmy uncovers the tricks and techniques that food producers use to 
       ensure we can enjoy favourite foods whenever we want. In the barn, 
       Jimmy makes a first attempt at turning some of his own farmed pork 
       into square sandwich ham. He also tries to copy the trick that 
       banana suppliers use to artificially ripen green imported bananas so 
       they are ready for the supermarket.
       
       Jimmy copies the square ham factory production processes using 100 
       hypodermic needles, a bicycle pump, a cement mixer, a tin bath and a 
       length of square drainpipe. He completes his investigation into 
       science trickery by discovering how fish farmers fool their fish into 
       believing it's summer when it's winter, so that farmed salmon is 
       available all year round. He also uncovers the trick farmers use to 
       produce mushrooms out of season.


                             Big up all scene massive!


          
                                                 
                  GROUP INFORMATION                    
            9 Years of the Force and still           
                        going strong                          
           
             
           What we are looking for:
 
           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * 100mbit or gigabit archive sites for TV/XVID/ETC.
           * 1080p or 720p rippers pre retail or classics
           * Fios cappers in u.s
           * U.K or Pre Retail Dvdrippers
           * Internal 100mbit 1tb+ dump sites for Exlusive group usage   
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc 
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai