Free Membership at http://www.torrentkit.com gets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at http://www.torrentkit.com


Register Now [b][url=http://www.torrentkit.com/signup.php]www.Torrentkit.com[/url][/b]



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.
                             
                                  
         
              
                                       
                
                                  
                                  
                           
 
 
  
                   
                                 
                                           
                                           
                                           
 
  


                                PROUDLY PRESENTS

                        VirSyn.Poseidon.VSTi.RTAS.v1.4.0 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : SYNCROSOFT DONGLE 
                            SIZE ......: 09 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.virsyn.de 

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   The Ocean of Sound 
             
   For all creatures in the ocean of sound - Sonic textures from other worlds, 
   Analog  signature  sounds,  Cut-through-the-mix  leads  and silkily  smooth 
   pads: POSEIDON sets a new standard for sounds and ease of use. All of  this 
   was  made  possible  through  a  combination  of  the  familiar, conceptual 
   simplicity  of  the  analog  synthesis  and  our  new,  F-Domain  synthesis 
   technology.      
             
   Concept   
             
   At first sight POSEIDON looks  like a simple structured analog  Oscillator 
   -Filter  synthesizer   with  all  controls  visible  at  once.  This gives 
   POSEIDON the ease of use with  nearly no learning curve. The real  power is 
   working  under the  hood: The  oscillator is  nothing less  than the  award 
   winning  spectral modelling  sound generator  of CUBE.  The variable  slope 
   Filter is a completely new  design based on our unique  F-domain synthesis. 
   But lets go step by step... 
             
   Spectral model oscillator 
             
   Select a basic sound model  from over hundred delivered with  POSEIDON. The 
   basic sound model  determines the sound  characteristic you want  to start: 
   taking a artificial  model like Sawtooth  gives you analog  style sounds. 
   Use complex  models from  analyzed samples  for earth  shaking ambients and 
   evolving pads. Analyze your own favourite samples to create new models. For 
   really fat sounds use the unisono  mode giving you up to eight  oscillators 
   with variable detune. The bitmap  import function let you even  take images 
   and convert them to soundscapes! 
             
   Time manipulation 
             
   POSEIDON  gives  you complete  control  over the  temporal  evolution of  a 
   complex sound model: time stretching, manual time control and freezing made 
   simple with an unprecedented quality!  
             
   Model parameters 
             
   High level controls allow for changing the spectral shape, the  harmonicity 
   and  balances  the level  of  residual noise  and  spectral amount  of  the 
   oscillator model. The inherent sound movement can be blurred in time. 
             
   F-Domain Filter 
             
   The  newly  developed F-Domain  filter  allow for  drastic  changes in  the 
   resulting  sound  spectrum. Five  filter  types including  lowpass/highpass 
   characteristic can be used to shape the sound. They have the usual controls 
   like cutoff but also very unusual ones like a variable slope ranging from 0 
   dB to 72 dB / Octave and independent controls for resonance and  bandwidth! 
   This kind  of controls  are only  possible in  the context  of our F-Domain 
   synthesis technology. This results in an extremely clear filter sound  with 
   breathtaking fast modulation possibilities. 
             
   The filter type Inverse  interprets the sound model  as a "Source" and  a 
   resonant body "Filter". The cutoff  parameter shifts the filterbase -  this 
   is the equivalent to making the instrument body smaller or bigger. 
             
   Spatializer 
             
   This simple control gives your  sound a distinctive moving distribution  in 
   the stereo panorama. Every atomic sound particle has its own path  through 
   the space ! 
             
   Sound browser 
             
   The sound browser in POSEIDON gives you a fast selection of sounds based on 
   five  search criteria:  sound category,  timbre expression  and style.  But 
   POSEIDONs browser  doesnt stop  here. The  current selection  can also be 
   used to generate random new sounds fitting the selection youve made ! 
             
             
   New in version 1.4 
             
   PoleZero filter technology 
             
   The new PoleZero Filter gives you up to 8 bandpass and 8 notch filters with 
   user editable frequencies and resonances.  As a result the PoleZero  filter 
   can  model  very  complex resonant  characteristics,  for  example acoustic 
   instrument  bodies, the human vocal tract or something that does not  exist 
   in nature. Even more  you can use two  parameter sets named Filter  A and 
   Filter B  to interpolate between two resonant structures in realtime with 
   the Morph  parameter.  There is also  a Cutoff parameter  which let you 
   move the complete filter  structure up and down  in the frequency range  in 
   realtime. 
             
   Analog 24 dB lowpass emulation 
             
   This  new filter  type emulates  the behaviour  of an  analog style  ladder 
   filter with a filter slope of 24 dB / Octave. 
             
   50 new presets 
             
             
             
   Features: 
             
             
   Spectral modelling oscillator 
             
   - 512 oscillators 
   - harmonic/inharmonic spectra 
   - arbitrary noise spectra 
   - 8 times unisono mode 
   - suboctave / fifth 
             
   Time machine 
             
   - free control over temporal evolution of sound 
   - modulatable time stretching/compression 
   - time freeze 
             
   Timbre control 
             
   - natural Brightness control 
   - Balance partial spectrum and residual noise 
   - Frequency stretching 
   - Amplitude/Frequency blur filter. 
             
   F-Domain Filter 
             
   - Morphing PoleZero filter with up to 8 band/notch filter. 
   - Analog 24 dB Lowpass emulation. 
   - Inverse filter for formant preservation 
   - Lowpass / Highpass / comb / Antiresonance 
   - Unique design with resonance and bandwidth. 
             
   Spatializer 
             
   - Independent moving stereo position of each partial 
             
   Resynthesis 
             
   - AIFF/WAV sample import 
   - Sine spectrum 
   - Residual spectrum 
   - Bitmap import for sonification of images. 
             
   Effects   
             
   - Chorus/Phaser/Flanger 
   - Distortion 
   - Echo/Delay 
   - Reverb  
             
   Arpeggiator 
             


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009