Whats Included in this Torrent:

All Detective Conan Episodes Subbed as of 11-8-10 (Up to 593)
All Detective Conan Movies Subbed(1-14)
Detective Conan Movie Trailers Subbed
Magic Case Files Subbed(2-4)
All Live Actions Subbed (1-2)
All OVA's Subbed (1-10)
Lupin the III vs. Detective Conan Subbed
Kid The Phantom Thief Subbed
All Case Closed Episodes Dubbed (Up to 130)
All Case Closed Movies Dubbed (1-6)

All of These are available to be downloaded from mega-upload. You can choose to download them from mega-upload and then add them to this torrent. Force Recheck and it will mark them as completed. You can search for the episode number along with TheQuyen or you can go to his siteHe has put together a list of everything included in this torrent. I thank him greatly, along with everyone else who has come together to make that list. I will Seed Every Day from 2pm Central U.S. Time Zone till I reach my limit of 8GB. I also have asked some friends to help seed this torrent, however they do not have the full torrent due to size or other restraints. I am counting on YOU to help me with this. As i stated before, you can get these from mega-upload or TheQuyen's site; however, I am asking that you DO get some of these from mega-upload. Remember, that I had to compile these from those downloads, it was not easy, so asking you do do a few here and there shouldn't be much trouble compared. If you downloaded my first torrent, please continue seeding those files, even if you do not download any from this one. File sharing is a Community, and I hope that we can show some support for this great and still running anime. If you like it, buy it. ^^ ~GordoGato

P.S. If you find any errors in this torrent (missing files, misplaced files, broken videos, ect.) please message me, and I will find out the problem and upload a newer torrent once they are all fixed. I went through it many times, and hope that there are none to be found ^^ However, because of the many sub groups, some of the episodes are named differently, this can mess with the order of the episodes, but they are grouped into seasons, so this shouldn't cause much problem.

Thanks goes a long way. I have thanked TheQuyen many times for his list, you should thank him as well and me of course, for putting together this torrent to go with the list ^^ 