Movies : Documentary : DVD Rip : English




General Information
-----------------------------
Type.................: Movie/Documentary
Platform.............: XP/VISTA/WINDOWS 7
Number of Parts......: 6
Image Format.........: .iso
Image Created with...: Nero

 

Release Notes
---------------------
This dramatised documentary series tells the story of the rise and fall of 
Ancient Rome through the six key turning points. Factually accurate and based on 
extensive historical research, it reveals how the greed, lust and ambition of 
men like Caesar, Nero and Constantine shaped the Roman Empire. It describes how 
Rome destroyed Carthage, was conquered by Caesar, how it suppressed the Jewish 
revolt, and converted to Christianity. CGI is mixed with compelling drama and 
spectacular live-action battles to tell the definitive television story of how 
the Empire was formed, how it achieved maximum power, and why it eventually 
failed.




Episode 1: Caesar



This programme focuses on the most famous Roman of all - Caesar. Charming, 
savage, power-crazed, opportunistic and brilliant, he overthrew a 500-year-old 
Republic and began the age of the emperors.




Episode 2: Nero



This programme focuses on Nero, charting his obsession with becoming a god, how 
his plans to turn Rome into a glorious city bankrupted the Empire, how he 
married his slaveboy and killed his beloved wife in a frenzy, and how he was 
finally overthrown.




Episode 3: Rebellion



This episode tells the story of the Jewish Revolt, which swept through Judea in 
AD 66 and threatened to destabilise the whole empire. Rome turned to the 
disgraced General Vespasian and his son Titus to put it down. Filled with 
spectacular sieges and huge set-piece action, the film pits the discipline and 
ingenuity of the Roman army against the passion and commitment of the rebels.




Episode 4: Revolution



Rome was once a largely democratic society, with regular elections. This 
Republic lasted for 500 years, but then came Tiberius Gracchus. He believed in 
the ideals of the Republic - fairness, decency and justice for everyone -but was 
appalled by Rome's aristocrats' treatment of the poor. So he unleashed the power 
of the mob upon the streets of Rome, with devastating consequences.




Episode 5: Constantine



This episode tells the story of how the Emperor Constantine brought Christianity 
to the western world. In AD 312, Rome was in crisis. The empire had been divided 
into four parts, each with its own emperor who fought one another. Constantine 
intervened and united Rome, using military might and a new religion - 
Christianity.




Episode 6: The Fall of Rome



In AD 410, the Goth hordes sacked the city. This event symbolised Rome's 
collapse. Within 70 years, the western empire - what we think of as Ancient Rome 
- was abandoned. But it should never have happened at all.






Technical Specs:


Video Bitrate: ~ 1575 KB/s

Resolution: 672 x 368
Aspect Ratio: 1.82:1
Framerate: 25 FPS
Quality Factor: ~ 0.26 B/px
Audio Bitrate: 192 KB/s (CBR)
Audio Codec: FAST Multimedia AG DVM (Dolby AC3)
Channels: 2 @ Sampling Rate: 48 kHz
Length per Ep: ~ 00:58:30
File Size per Ep: ~ 1.6 gb
Subs: only Romanian.



Enjoy and Seed!!