Latest version of Labels And Addresses

Official Web Site:   http://www.belightsoft.com/products/labelsaddresses/overview.php

Design and print labels and envelopes on your Mac
Labels & Addresses (former Mail Factory) is a home and office tool for printing all sorts of labels and envelopes. The program helps to design and print envelopes, postcards and diverse labels, such as address, shipping, file folder and barcode labels. Merge printing capability makes the program a great office tool for those who need to print multiple labels and envelopes in one go, using data from a print list.
Labels & Addresses helps you to:
* Save time when working with mass mailings.

* Accurately and precisely address parcels and envelopes.

* Print barcodes, price tags, inventory numbers and more from files and databases.

* Create neat labels for your file folders and other items.

* Design Christmas, Birthday or Valentine postcards and party invitations.

If you also want to create and print either business cards, CD/DVD art, flyers or catalogs, you can consider buying Printfolio suite which includes Labels & Addresses and 4 other software applications.
Features at a Glance:
Data Merge
You can quickly print individual envelopes and labels or batch print addresses from Apple Address Book, MS Entourage, MS Excel, Now Contact, FileMaker, vCards or tab-delimited text files. Use the built-in storages of recipient and sender addresses to edit and store mailing lists.
Tuned for Your Mailing Needs Labels & Addresses prints Intelligent Mail, USPS POSTNET, Canada Post and Royal Mail barcodes on labels and envelopes to ensure fast and accurate delivery, and correctly formats addresses for more than 50 countries. The unique Address Recognition feature automatically formats addresses pasted in the form of text from other applications. The included 15 address templates (corporate, personal, and others) simplify the addressing process.
Industry-Standard Barcodes
With Labels & Addresses you can print price tags and labels with industry-standard Code 39, Code 128, EAN-8/13, UPC-A/E, ISBN and Data Matrix barcodes. The barcode data (and price information) can be read from a text file, allowing you to efficiently print numerous labels for your entire product inventory.

Powerful Printing
Labels & Addresses supports hundreds of label layouts from the most popular vendors, including Avery, APLI, A–One, and many other US, European and Asian manufacturers. You can choose the position of the label that you're printing to in order to re-use partially used label sheets. Furthermore, the program supports popular label printers such as DYMO LabelWriter, Seiko SLP, Brother QL, Zebra printers, and the entire range of labels.
Design Tools
Add personalized or corporate look to all correspondence you send using dozens of ready-made designs, one of 100 additional fonts, use 24,000+ supplied images or import your company logo or other graphics. Layers support and diverse editing tools will help to create professional designs.
System Requirements: 

Mac OS X 10.4.11 or later. Snow Leopard compatible.

-->> PLEASE SEED 