. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                       
                                                     
                                            
                
                   
            
                
                        
                 
                 
               
                         
                          
                 
                   
                          
                         
                   
            
                
           
                   
                      
       
               
                
                     
                 
                           
                             
                  
           
          
                             
      ,,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,     
                                                       
           ....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....          
                                         
                                                 
      Precipice PC Chaperone Professionel v5.7.551     
                     Incl KeyMaker                     
                                              
           
              
                            
                                                
                                                               
                                                             
      Released on 03/20/10 for exclusive usage by            
        members of the release scene. This isnt something        
        to share with your school mates and not for sale.        
      Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it!       
                                                             
      Company ..: Precipice                                  
       Url ......: http://www.pc-chaperone.com/                
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
            Release Information              
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       Parental Controls and Internet Filters                    
     Wherever computers are used there is room for abuse     
     and dangerous behavior                                  
     At home children can be exposed to adult content        
      and online predators while excessive game playing        
     can distract them from school work                      
     In the office unrestricted Internet access can          
       reduce productivity                                       
       Schools and other non-profit organizations can find       
     themselves liable for illegal activities, such as       
     downloading illegal music and movies                    
     PC Chaperone combines powerful parental controls        
      and Internet filters to help parents, employers,         
     and school administrators take control of their         
     computers:                                              
                                                                 
       -Internet filtering to block unwanted content using       
     pre-compiled filers and customizable lists              
     -Set schedules to control when individual websites      
     can be viewed                                           
      -Record websites visited and attempts to view            
     blocked sites                                           
     -Control and record conversations on AOL, MSN, and      
       Yahoo Instant Messengers                                  
       -Block peer-to-peer file sharing, a common source         
     of adult content                                        
     -Keystroke logging to monitor user activity in any      
     program                                                 
      -Schedule access any program or group of programs        
     -Set time limits on when the computer can be used       
     -Prevent new program installations                      
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
               Install Notes                 
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       1. Unpack & Install                                       
     2. Use KeyMaker                                         
                                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
                Group Notes                  
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       You got something to offer like                           
                                                             
               * supplies (either ISO or DDL)                
               * cracking skills                             
                * pizza                                        
                                                             
     and want to join the only scene family in existance?    
       Then just ask around on IRC (maybe even your girl-        
       friend may know one of our council members, be it         
     the one or the other way...) and lets see if you        
     fit into one of our open positions!                     
                                                             
                                                               
                      Signed,                                
                          - TEAM DVT -                       
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                       
                                                   
                                             
                                         
                    
        
                      
                  
                  
                  
                
                 
                       
                            
                                 
                                             
                                                  
                                          
                                         (( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha ))