Great Migrations (2010), TVSeries, Disc 1, DVDR(xvid), DMT
United States of America
Documentary
350 minutes

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1769803/
http://channel.nationalgeographic.com/channel/great-migrations

National Geographic Channel's Great Migrations is a seven-part global television event that takes viewers around the world on the arduous journeys millions of animals undertake to ensure the survival of their species. Shot from land and air, in trees and cliff-blinds, on ice floes and underwater, Great Migrations tells the formidable, powerful stories of many of the planet's species and their movements, while revealing new scientific discoveries with breathtaking high-definition clarity..

The different episodes are:
1. Born to Move
2. Need to Breed
3. Race to Survive
4. Feast or Famine

Three years in the making, and from award-winning National Geographic cinematographers, Great Migrations is a landmark series featuring the epic struggles of animal migrations around the planet and the groundbreaking science behind these life-or-death marathons.National Geographic provides an unparalleled look at the volume and diversity of wildlife that face countless obstacles in the name of self-preservation or the survival of the species--from jellyfish and wildebeests to walruses and monarch butterflies.
As narrated by Alec Baldwin, the unique National Geographic documentary miniseries GREAT MIGRATIONS undertakes an ambitious and seemingly impossible task: cinematically tracking the geographic relocations that many animals make perennially, to ensure the survival of their respective species. To capture this unusually intimate footage of animals on the move, the program was filmed on ice floes, in cliff binds, underwater, and in many other challenging locations. This set contains the entire miniseries as it originally aired on television.



Specs
Beeld: 16:9 Anamorphic Widescreen [1.78:1]
Sound: Dolby Surround 2.0
Language: English spoken
Subtitles:  Non 
Genre: Documentary-Nature
Duration: 350 minutes
4 DVD's


Presented to you by: DMT

