Baby Face Willette - Six Albums - Discography - Jazz Organ

There is an air of mystique, an alluring attraction in jazz circles, to those highly talented musicians who shone brilliantly for a short duration, then slipped into obscurity. Jazz organist Baby Face Willette is certainly one of those figures.

Roosevelt Willette, 1933 - 1971?, was the son of a minister who was introduced to the organ, as many others, in church, an influence which would define his style and direction. In the early 50's he played with various gospel and R&B groups, and reportedly put out a few singles around this time. He worked his way to Chicago in the late '50's and eventually went to New York and got involved with the jazz scene there.

We pick up on his trail with the Blue Note releases in 1961 of Lou Donaldson, “Here 'Tis,” and guitarist Grant Green's “First Stand.” This would prove to be his definitive and prodigious period, as he in the same month, put out his now collectable “Face to Face.” He would go back into the studio a few months later and recorded “Stop and Listen.” This session was again with Grant Green, and is a stellar set. Considering Blue Note’s musician roster and reputation, this record was right on the groove for the period, and is recommended still.

By 1963 he had formed his own trio, and after signing with the Argo label in 1964, he released “Mo-Roc,” and “Behind the 8 Ball.”

He apparently resurfaced in Chicago, playing local gigs from the late '60's into the early '70's, then seemed to vanish, leaving only his few recordings as an enduring legacy. Even his death remains a mystery.

His work with Grant Green stands out, and remains vital in a contemporary light.

Baby Face Willette, a jazz enigma.


List of included albums:

1961 Here 'Tis (with Lou Donaldson as leader)
1961 Grant's First Stand (with Grant Green as leader)
1961 Face To Face
1961 Stop And Listen
1964 Mo-Roc
1964 Behind The 8 Ball


----------

MP3 format. All songs are tagged by the book.

The quality of these rips varies, from high quality CD rips to LP rips of lower quality.

If you encounter errors during the file sharing, please, place this material as close to the root of the hard disk as possible and restart the file sharing (e.g. as close as possible to C: in Windows). This is in order to make the path (drive, directory and filename) as short as possible. Operating systems have limits regarding how long a path including the filename can be, and if this limit is exceeded there will be errors.

----------
