WARNING!! This film does NOT have a plot!


''It's a film about time, life passing by. We follow the trajectory of certain objects through time and become aware that for them, as for ourselves, time is passing inexorably, and all of us, rich or poor, weak or strong, are wasting our lives away.'' 
				Gerard Brach (writer of the screenplay)

If you do NOT want action; if you are tired of understanding the plot and how the film ends after only having watched 5 minutes of it; if you want to be surprised by the unexpected over and over again, then THIS is IT!

If you Do want action etcetera, please do not bother - you will only be terribly bored!

The Georgian-French film maker Otar Iosseliani was born February 2,1934 in Tbilisi,Georgia (then a Soviet Socialist Republic). Due to censorship, his films were repeatedly banned in the USSR, which made Iosseliani migrate to France in 1982. In 1984 he filmed Favorites of the Moon (Les Favoris de la lune) in France.The film received a prize at the Venice Film Festival the same year and became an international success for Iosseliani.

FAVORITES OF THE MOON
Directed by Otar Iosseliani 
Screenplay (French with English subtitles): Otar Iosseliani and Gerard Brach 
Director of photography: Philippe Theaudiere 
Edited by Dominique Bellfort 
Music by Nicolas Zourabichvili 
Produced by Philippe Dussart
a FR3 Co-production in association with the National Center of Cinematography 
Running time: 101 minutes

Actors: Katja Rupé, Pascal Aubier, Alix de Montaigu, Gaspard Flori, Emilie Aubry

 "Director Otar Iosseliani  hit the nail on the head when describing Favorites of the Moon as 'an abstract comedy.' Indeed, if ten different people who saw the film were asked to describe the plot, there would be ten different answers.!
						Said by a reviewer

Another review:
"Otar Iosseliani's idiosyncratic French movie  Favorites of the Moon  is a charming and consistently interesting meditation on the bizarre twists of fate that draws people and possessions together and then apart again. The film could be subtitled 'adventures of a 19th-century painting and an 18th-century porcelain dinner service.' These objects pass in and out of the hectic, zany, ordinary, depressing and confusing lives of an art dealer, a thief, a chief inspector of police, a gun dealer, an inventor, a beautician, several bums, and a crazy old man. With quaint patience, the director creates a spellbinding drama about the serendipity of life and the evanescence of things." 

//I saw this film in the movies many years ago, and fell helplessly in love :)! Recently I have tried to find it everywhere for downloading, but without success. Finally, I was able to buy it. But it took me some time to be able to watch it. It was said I could choose between Russian and French as the spoken language, as well as between French and English subtitles. but what I didn't know was, that the menu was in Russian, and Russian only! At last I "cracked the code". 
In order to simplify the sharing of this wonderful and overwhelming film, I decided to convert it. So what you have here is an .avi-file with an English subtitle-file, which I have converted from my original dvd9-disc. Unfortunately the conversion lowered the video quality. But the watching is still very much worth while!  
I am not an expert on those conversion programs, but if I find a way to make a better copy, I will of course share it:)!

In the meantime: I wish you a Very Special Film Experience! 
					Cucumbersoup//


