PDF scan

The Deadly Deception - Freemasonry Exposed By One of Its Top Leaders
By Jim Shaw and Tom McKenney

    "Most of us see only the exterior of the building, usually an unattractive, forbidding exterior with a locked door and no windows. It is a grim fortress of mystery, saying to the rest of the world, "Stay away ... your profane eyes and ears may not see or hear what we do in here." Behind that door are men you know and see regularly, many of them good men, some of them Christians, and all of them victims ... victims of a deadly deception. 
    Through that door unsuspecting men step, blindfolded, into a vast and powerful system which will control their lives, to varying degrees, from that moment on. The vast majority will never proceed beyond the local lodge. A small minority will "go higher" into the degrees of the York and Scottish Rite. And, within this small minority, only a committed few will take it all seriously, studying and learning, making the endless search for "light" the center of their lives. Jim Shaw was such a man. 
    Totally committed to Freemasonry and its lessons in morality and religion, Jim went quickly to the top, not only winning Masonry's highest honors, but in record time. There, at the top of the Masonic mountain and thinking he already had everything he needed, he found the light of the world and was set free. 
    Now you can come, with Jim as your guide, behind that locked door. See for yourself this deadly deception which is victimizing multitudes of sincere men even as you read these words. Come inside the secret place, see for yourself what really happens in there, and learn what the participants never learn ... its true meaning." 

Jim Shaw is one of the highest ranking Freemasons to ever defect to Christianity. Billy Graham took part in Rev. Jim Shaw's 33rd Degree Masonic initiation. This was before Shaw left the Lodge for Christ. Only 33rd Degree Masons and candidates participate in that initiation. Jim Shaw refers to Billy Graham's presence at this Masonic ritual on page 104 of his book co-authored with Tom McKenney titled 'The Deadly Deception' Lafayette, LA: Huntington House, Inc. 1998. Huntington House refused to print this book unless they took out Billy Graham's name and substituted it with a general description on page 104 ("internationally prominant evangelist" ) Before Jim died he confirmed this fact to many people. At page 107 I have included a letter from Tom McKenney stating that p104 definately refered to Billy Graham. For those of you who do not have the time to read through Jim's whole testimony, I reccomend you read page 104 and the letter located on page 109 to verify the fact that it was Graham refered to in the book.

(TalmudTimmy note: Billy Graham was indeed the "prominent evangelist" mentioned on page 104 of this book who was at the 33rd degree Masonic initiation of Jim Shaw. The publishers of this book (likely Zionist controlled) edited out Billy Graham's name.)

Here is the proof in this letter from Tom McKenney 
http://www.geocities.com/endtimedeception/tom.jpg

    THE FOUNDATION OF MASONIC SYMBOLISM: 
                    PHALLIC WORSHIP

    Since the true meaning of Masonic symbols (and, thus, the true meaning of Masonry itself) is to be known only by the Prince Adepts of Masonry, we must hear what they say concerning them. They (Albert Pike, Albert Mackey, J.D. Buck, Daniel Sickles and others) teach us that Masonry is but a revival of the Ancient Mysteries (the mystery religions of Babylon, Egypt, Persia, Rome and Greece).

    These ancient religions had two meanings, or interpretations. One was the apparent (exoteric) meaning, known to the uninitiated, ignorant masses; the other (esoteric) meaning was the true meaning, entirely different, known only to a small, elite group, initiated into their secrets and secret rituals of worship. These mystery religions were forms of nature-worship, more specifically and most commonly the worship of the Sun as source and giver of life to the Earth. Since ancient times, this worship of the Sun (and of the Moon, stars and of nature in general) has been sexual in its out workings and rituals. Since the Sun's rays, penetrating the Earth and bringing about new life, have been central to such worship, the phallus, the male "generative principle," has been worshipped as representing the Sun's rays. In this way, the phallus has been worshipped and the rituals climaxed with sexual union in the mystery religions of Isis and Osiris, Tammuz, Baal, etc. 1  In summary, then, since the Ancient Mysteries (especially those of Egypt) are in fact the "Old Religion" of which Freemasonry is a revival, the symbols of Masonry should be expected to be phallic in true meaning. This, in very fact, is the case. A thorough treatment of this unpleasant reality is beyond the scope of this brief summary; however, some examples, with references to the Masonic authorities, will suffice to illustrate this astonishing fact.

    a. THE SQUARE AND COMPASS 
    Blue Lodge Masons are taught that the Square is to remind them that they must be "square" in their dealings with all men, i.e. to be honest. The Compass, they are taught, is to teach them to "circumscribe their passions," i.e. to control their desires and to be temperate. The real meaning of these "great lights," however, is sexual. The Square represents the female (passive) generative principle, the earth, and the baser, sensual nature; and the Compass represents the male (active) generative principle, the sun/heavens, and the higher, spiritual nature. The Compass, arranged above the Square, symbolizes the (male) Sun, impregnating the passive (female) Earth with its life-producing rays. The true meanings, then are two-fold: the earthly (human) representations are of the man and his phallus, and the woman with her receptive eteis [cteis] (vagina). The cosmic meaning is that of the active Sun (deity, the Sun-god) from above, imparting life into the passive Earth, (deity, the earth/fertility goddess) below and producing new life.2

    b. THE LETTER "G" 
    The Blue Lodge Mason is taught that the "G" in the basic Masonic symbol represents God. Later on, he is told that it also represents "deity." Later still, he is told that it represents "geometry." In reality, this letter represents the "generative principle," the Sun-god and, thus, the worshipped phallus, the male "generative principle..." In its position (along with the Square and Compass) on the east wall over the chair (throne) of the Worshipful Master, it is the representation of the Sun, thus of the Sun-god, Osiris. Its earthly meaning, then, is of the sacred phallus; its cosmic meaning is of the Sun, worshipped since antiquity by pagans while facing the East. (See c, below).

    c. THE "G" AND THE "YOD" 
    The English letter "G" in Masonic symbolism is inseparable from, and identical with, the Hebrew letter "YOD." This "YOD" is the symbol on the Scottish Rite ring. "YOD" represents deity in general (its cosmic meaning), and the worshipped phallus in particular (its earthly meaning). Albert Pike wrote that the "G" displayed in English speaking lodges is merely a corruption of the "YOD" (with which it should be replaced), and that "the mysterious YOD of the Kabalah" is the "image of the Kabalistic Phallus." 3 The "Kabalah" he refers to here is a medieval book of the occult, a highly mystical and magical interpretation of the Bible,4 and important sourcebook for sorcerers and magicians.5

    d. THE POINT WITHIN A CIRCLE 
    The Masons of the Blue Lodge are taught that the Point within a Circle represents the individual Mason (the Point), contained and restricted by the boundary line of his duty (the Circle). Its real meaning, however, is that of the phallus, positioned within the female generative principle (sex organ) in sexual union, the climactic act of Sungod worship.6

    Dr. Albert Mackey, already quoted herein, also writes in his classic work "Symbolism of Freemasonry," page 352, "Phallus, a representation of the virile member, which was venerated as a religious symbol... It was one of the modifications of sun worship, and was a symbol of the fecundating power of that luminary. The Masonic point within a circle is undoubtedly of phallic origin."

    The cosmic meaning of this symbol is that of the Sun, surrounded by the Universe; on the following page (353) he writes, "Point within a circle. It is derived from Sunworship, and is in reality of phallic origin. In his "Manual of the Lodge," page 156, Mackey writes, "The point within a circle is an interesting and important symbol in Freemasonry, but it has been debased in the interpretation of it in the modern lectures and the sooner that interpretation is forgotten by the Masonic student, the better it will be. The symbol is really a beautiful but somewhat abstruse allusion to the old Sun-worship, and introduces us for for the first time to that modification of it, known among the ancients as the worship of the phallus." 

What are the Degrees of Freemasonry?

Titles of Freemasonry Degrees, From Morals and Dogma

 1º  - Apprentice
 2º  - Fellow-craft
 3º  - Master
 4º  - Secret Master
 5º  - Perfect Master
 6º  - Intimate Secretary
 7º  - Provost and Judge
 8º  - Intendant of the Building
 9º  - Elu of the Nine
10º - Elu of the Fifteen
11º - Elu of the Twelve
12º - Master Architect
13º - Royal Arch of Solomon
14º - Perfect Elu
15º - Knight of the East
16º - Prince of Jerusalem
17º - Knight of the East and West
18º - Knight Rose Croix
19º - Pontiff
20º - Master of the Symbolic Lodge
21º - Noachite or Prussian Knight
22º - Knight of the Royal Axe or Prince of Libanus
23º - Chief of the Tabernacle
24º - Prince of the Tabernacle
25º - Knight of the Brazen Serpent
26º - Prince of Mercy
27º - Knight Commander of the Temple
28º - Knight of the Sun or Prince Adept
29º - Scottish Knight of St. Andrew
30º - Knight Kadosh
31º - Inspector Inquistor
32º - Master of the Royal Secret

33º - Sovereign Grand Inspector General

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Related:

Freemasonry and Judaism: The Secret Powers Behind Revolution 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4616984/Freemasonry_and_Judaism__-_Powers_Behind_Revolution_-_Poncins

Occult Theocrasy - Lady Queenborough Edith Star Miller  
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4406122/Occult_Theocrasy_-_Lady_Queenborough_Edith_Star_Miller

Born in Blood - The Lost Secrets of Freemasonry - Robinson  
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4355265/Born_in_Blood_-_The_Lost_Secrets_of_Freemasonry_-_Robinson

The Hidden Power Behind Freemasonry - Gordon "Jack" Mohr  
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4333326/The_Hidden_Power_Behind_Freemasonry_-_Gordon_Jack_Mohr

The Watchtower and the Masons - Fritz Springmeier  
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4423694/The_Watchtower_and_the_Masons_-_Fritz_Springmeier

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My public URL: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/TalmudTimmy

My RSS feed: 
http://rss.thepiratebay.org/user/97bdef327d0ba834f331abb3d0fe47a2