E S P A C O N S O L A S 


Release Date: Sep 29, 2009 REDWOOD CITY, CA - May 13, 2008 - Hudson Entertainment, the North American publishing arm for HUDSON SOFT, today announced that DECA SPORTS, a unique ten-sport game, exclusive to Wii, is now available at retail for $29.99 SRP. Combining ten sporting events into one game, players can compete in beach volleyball, snowboard cross, badminton, basketball, curling, figure skating, archery, supercross, soccer and kart racing. DECA SPORTS has been a highly anticipated title in the minds of the enthusiast media and consumers alike almost immediately from the time we announced it was coming to the U.S. market, said John Greiner, President of Hudson Entertainment. With summer on the horizon, we anticipate DECA SPORTS being a popular choice for those looking for a fun-filled Wii experience. DECA SPORTS offers an immersive experience for players of any age, motivating them to get off of the couch and up on their feet for hours of entertainment. The game offers a wide variety of sporting events and activities, some rarely seen in a video game. Designed with pick-up-and-play intuitive controls for the Wii Remote and in three sports, the Nunchuk, DECA SPORTS also includes advanced controls for power spikes, curls, and mid air tricks for the gamer! All ten sports support both single and multiplayer modes. Up to 4 players can compete on one system and in several events, co-op on the same team. Single player modes include Open Match, Tournament (one sport competition between eight teams), Deca League (ten sport decathlon between eight teams) and Deca League (time/point based challenge mode). Team and player management is an important aspect of the game as certain players are better at certain sports. In the Deca League mode gamers must maneuver their players through ten sports as well as manage their fatigue levels through the competition. Awards are also a big part of the game, as the Locker Room feature allows players to keep track of their medals and trophies. DECA SPORTS has been rated E (Everyone) by the ESRB. For more information please visit www.decasports.com. About Hudson Entertainment, Inc. Hudson Entertainment is the North American publishing arm of Hudson Soft, an international provider of games and entertainment content founded in 1973. Hudson Entertainment focuses on four key businesses: Console games, digital download content, mobile games, and music. Hudson introduced best-selling videogame franchises including Bomberman, Bonk, and Super Adventure Island. Hudson-s mobile division is a leading supplier of games and personalized content. Through numerous partnerships with record labels, Hudson has become a leading provider of hip-hop ring tones and mobile content. For more information on Hudson Entertainment, please visit www.hudsonent.com.
Deca Sports 2 Usa Wii 


 
http://www.CineTT.com