Description:
Ripped using Lame with MediaCoder from my FLAC rip:
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5137712/Do_Make_Say_Think_-_Other_Truths_%28FLAC%29_w__log
Quality is VBR v0 (extreme preset)

"While Do Make Say Think can project a gentle, laid-back vibe-- member Charles Spearin did just finish The Happiness Project-- they're far from spinning their wheels and rehashing post-rock clichés. Other Truths doesn't roughen up the band's jazz-steeped aesthetic. But it does add more dimensions and sharp textures to their songwriting, which continues to get tighter yet wider in scope. Spread across a suite of four lengthy tracks and titled with the same string of verbs as the band's name, the album isn't about momentum as much as it is about transitions. Opener "Do" starts with crisp, intertwined guitar lines playing off one another. As the track morphs and unfurls-- cue the slow-build and crescendo-- the themes reappear more charged, parrying with horns and descending into static. "Make" quietly delays the payoff, slowly ratcheting things up and marching toward a climax with a floor of tense bass, echoing chants, and sinewy, stretched string notes. When a warm motif of horns and fuzzed guitars begins to cut through the dread, the song's color noticeably shifts. "Say" strikes a grandiose yet road-weary tone, as a lonely slide guitar melody gets echoed and expanded by trumpets and churning drums, while "Think" may be its companion and comedown, a slow trail set forth by a quivering, reverb-laden guitar line. 

Compared to the group's first few albums, filled with echoing melodies reflective of cavernous recording spaces, Other Truths shows Do Make Say Think more adept at sketching out and imagining their own widescreen landscapes. The interplay here is more complex than You, You're a History in Rust, showcasing restraint and more subtle shifts. Calling instrumental rock "soundtrack music" might be stating the obvious. But when it manages to sound as composed and calculated as Other Truths, it isn't meant as a slight." — Patrick Sisson, October 23, 2009 pitchfork.com 

1. Do 
2. Make 
3. Say 
4. Think
