The Chieftains Feat. Ry Cooder - San Patricio (2010)

256 vbr mp3 | 85 MB











The musical souls of two nations, Ireland and Mexico, are movingly brought to life in San Patricio, the latest international collaboration by six-time Grammy winners The Chieftains - the leading practitioners of Irish traditional music for the past four decades. 


The album features multi-instrumentalist, singer and composer Ry Cooder, another multiple-Grammy winner, who co-produced with The Chieftains' Paddy Moloney. It tells the nearly forgotten story of the brave San Patricio battalion - a downtrodden group of Irish immigrant conscripts who deserted the U.S. Army in 1846 to fight on the Mexican side against the invading Yankees in the Mexican-American War (1846-1848).






BBC Review:


"In equal measure a curio, a lament, a history lesson and a hoedown, San Patricio is one of those albums that happily transcends its parts. If you only buy one Irish-Mexican album this year, in fact, The Chieftains and Ry Cooder should do you nicely.

The Californian guitarist and the Irish folk heavyweights are seasoned collaborators as well as inveterate globetrotters. It was while they were recording together in Havana in the 1990s that the Irishmen introduced Cooder to the musicians who would star in his nostalgic world music bestseller, the Buena Vista Social Club.

This time, though, the focus is on another historical gem: the little-known story of the Irish conscripts who deserted from the American army to fight with Santa Anna’s Mexicans in the 1840s border war. And while the first hearing of tin whistles with Mexican guitars is a little disorienting, Chieftains founder Paddy Moloney brews up a winning mixture.

Bumping cheeky mariachis up against Celtic ballads, and abutting the warm warble of Cooder’s tenor with the stately harmonies of Los Cenzontles, the stellar cast includes Linda Ronstadt (with a song learned from her Mexican grandfather), legendary arranger Van Dyke Parks, the sensational Mexican singer Lila Downs, Moya Brennan from Clannad, and battalions of crack instrumentalists.

Among the highlights are the ribald capering of Latin Grammy winners Los Tigres del Norte, and the mournful, sashaying bolero sung by 90-year-old Chavela Vargas. And if the production doesn’t attain the all-embracing smoky ambience of the Buena Vista record, it fiercely affirms that – Guinness or tequila – these are two musical cultures that know how to party.

It’s a coming thing, too, this business of music as narrative documentary. Moloney first tried it in the 1970s, addressing matters Irish-French on the 15-minute Bonaparte’s Retreat. At an hour, though, the Irish-Mexican theme could frankly do with more storytelling; Liam Neeson’s effective but brief reading, March to Battle, is no substitute for the sort of explanation Cooder superbly wove into his earlier Chavez Ravine.

Still, this is a transatlantic musical campaign whose virtuosity, verve and sheer eccentric heart make it hard to resist."







Tracklist:



1. La Iguana - With Lila Downs
2. La Golondrina - With Los Folkloristas
3. A La Orilla De Un Palmar - With Linda Ronstadt
4. Danza De Concheros - With Los Folkloristas
5. El Chivo - With Los Cenzontles
6. San Campio - With Carlos Nunez
7. The Sands Of Mexico - With Ry Cooder
8. Sailing To Mexico - With Carlos Nunez
9. El Caballo - With Los Camperos De Valles
10. March To Battle (Across The Rio Grande) - With Banda De Gaita De Batallon, Liam Neeson, Los Cenzontles And L.A. Juvenil
11. Lullaby For The Dead - With Moya Brennan
12. Luz De Luna - With Chavela Vargas
13. Persecucion De Villa - With Mariachi Santa Fe De Jesus (Chuy) Guzman
14. Cancion Mixteca (Intro) - With Ry Cooder
15. Cancion Mixteca - With Los Tigres Del Norte
16. Ojitos Negros - With Los Cenzontles
17. El Relampago - With Lila Downs
18. El Pajaro Cu - With La Negra Graciana
19. Finale - With Los Cenzontles, Carlos Nunez, Los Folkloristas, Banda De Gaita De Batallon And L.A. Juvenil