Much more than just a two-CD compilation of Fat Possum Records' roster of gritty, untapped blues artists, Darker Blues is also a handsomely produced hardbound book with over 100 pages of sumptuous photographs of Mississippi bluesmen by photographer David Raccuglia. This collection also features insightful bios and personal memories of each artist from the likes of Anthony DeCurtis, Robert Palmer, Barry Hannah and even Iggy Pop. Disc one features the haunting, harrowing music of older bluesmen such as Junior Kimbrough, T-Model Ford, Solomon Burke, Mississippi Fred McDowell and Robert Pete Williams, among others. And while it's primarily the older black artists from Mississippi that are featured on this rough-hewed disc, it also incorporates some of the label's newer white artists, such as Bob Log III, Kenny Brown and 20 Miles, which only proves you don't have to be a black sharecropper to have deep soul. Disc two features the eclectic, yet highly intoxicating shot-gun wedding of Mississippi bluesman R.L. Burnside's red, raw vocal growls and hypnotic guitar along with Mike E. Clark's hip-hop beats and turntable scratchings. While the seven never-before-released songs here aren't quite as exhilarating as Burnside's 1998 crossover hit album Come On In, they still reaffirm that the blues as a creative, artistic medium is far from staring down into its own grave.

Track List:

Disc: 1 
1. Do Me Right - Asie Payton 
2. Release Me - Charlie Feathers, Junior Kimbrough 
3. To Left to the Right - T-Model Ford 
4. Goin' Back Home - Paul "Wine" Jones 
5. Let It All Go - Hezekiah Early 
6. Mother's Dead - Elmo Williams 
7. All My Brothers, Sisters Too - 20 Miles 
8. Log Bomb - Bob Log III 
9. None of Us Are Free - Solomon Burke 
10. Death Letter - Johnny Farmer 
11. Pushin' My Luck - Robert Belfour 
12. Fare Thee Well - Kenny Brown 
13. Coon Can Mattie - CeDell Davis 
14. Easy Rider - Scott Dunbar 
15. Goodbye Slim Harpo - Robert Pete Williams 

Disc: 2 
1. Boogie Intro - R.L. Burnside 
2. Poor Me - R.L. Burnside 
3. Got to Jail - R.L. Burnside 
4. Bird Without a Feather - R.L. Burnside 
5. Black Mattie - R.L. Burnside 
6. I'm Goin With You Babe - R.L. Burnside 
7. Detroit Boogie - R.L. Burnside

mp3   256kbps 

