Racism and the Myth of (Chosen People) in the Hebrew Holy Books:

A previous upload (The Concept and Attributes of God) showed how the Old Testament gives Jehovah (God) human characteristics and attributes including some of the worst human attributes. The myth of (Chosen People) in the Old Testament tells us that Jehovah is also a "racist" (God forbid).

In this myth, God has selected the Israelites as his Chosen People. They are the only good people of the whole mankind; the others are Gentiles with all what this term represents of degrading attributes. Now, let us stress a point here; according to the myth of "Chosen People" the Israelite are favored by God as a race, irrespective of what their deeds or morals are. Some of the Israelites may be murderers, rapists or thieves; they are still part of the Chosen People; they are exempted from any accountability for their actions.

Racism in the Talmud reaches another level. Here is a small list of the laws concerning the Gentiles in the Talmud:

- The estates of the Goys (i.e. Gentiles) are like wilderness, who first settles in them has a right to them.
- That the Jewish nation is the only nation selected by God, while all the remaining ones are contemptible and hateful.
- That all property of other nations belongs to the Jewish nation, which consequently is entitled to seize upon it without any scruples. 
- An orthodox Jew is not bound to observe principles of morality towards people of other tribes. He may act contrary to morality, if profitable to himself or to Jews in general.
- A Jew may rob a Goy, he may cheat him over a bill, which should not be perceived by him, otherwise the name of God would become dishonored.
- If a goy killed a goy or a Jew he is responsible, but if a Jew killed a goy he is not responsible.
- The non-Jew is consequently an animal in human form, and condemned to serve the Jew day and night.
- A Jew may violate but not marry a non-Jewish girl.
- Etc. . .


Addressing the above claims by the Israelites, the Qur'an says in Verse #18, Sura #5:

The Jews and the Christians say, ‘We are the children of God and His beloved ones.’ Say, ‘Then why does He punish you for your sins? You are merely human beings, part of His creation: He forgives whoever He will and punishes whoever He will. Control of the heavens and earth and all that is between them belongs to Him: all journeys lead to Him.’

The Qur'an also tells that all humans are equal and they are differentiated by their deeds. In Verse #13, Sura #49 we read:

People, We created you all from a single man and a single woman, and made you into races and tribes so that you should recognize one another. In God’s eyes, the most honored of you are the ones most mindful of Him (best in conduct): God is all knowing, all aware.

Also, the Traditions of Prophet Muhammad set the standard for equality among people. Abu Huraira reported: at the start of his mission when (this verse) was revealed to him: "Warn your nearest kinsmen." the Messenger of Allah stood amongst his people and said:
"O people of Quraish (his tribe), buy yourselves from Allah, I cannot avail you at all against Allah;
O Sons of Abd al−Muttalib (his father's family). I cannot avail you at all against Allah;
O Abbas bin 'Abd al− Muttalib (his uncle), I cannot avail you at all against Allah;
O Safiya (his aunt), I cannot avail you at all against Allah;
O Fatima, daughter of Muhammad, ask me whatever you like (of my worldly belongings), but I cannot avail you at all against Allah."

In the above Tradition, it is sharp clear that in front of Allah there is no favoritism to the Arabs based on race, nor to the Prophet family, and not even to his beloved daughter. A person can save himself only by his good deeds.

The same standard of equality was emphasized again twenty years later in the Farewell Sermon during the Prophet's last pilgrimage-just a few months before his death. Here is an excerpt from that sermon:

". . . O people! Surely, your Lord is One, and your father is one. You all belong to Adam, and Adam was created of clay. No Arab is superior to a non-Arab, no non-Arab is superior to an Arab, no white man is superior to a black man and no black man is superior to a white man. Surely, the noblest amongst you are the most God-fearing amongst you. . ."


Man! What  a difference between the teachings of Islam and the teachings of the Hebrew Holy Books.
 

This upload is a healthy one; it contains 38 titles. The main directory has 14 titles as follows:

1- Jews are Called Men (What The Talmud Teaches); by: David Bar-Chayim.

2- Quotes from the Bible, Talmud and Zohar (Kabbala)

3- Is Zionism Of God; by: Bob and Suzanne Hamrick.

4- The Jewish Religion – Its Influence Today; by: Elizabeth Dilling (1983).

5- The Old Paths or the Talmud Tested by Scripture; by: Alexander McCaul. (1886).

6- Judaism's Strange Gods; by: Michael A. Hoffman II.

7- The Founding Myths of Israeli Politics; by: Roger Garoudy (1996).

8- The Myths of Israel: The Ancient Book of Genesis with Analysis and Explanation of Its Composition; by: Amos Kidder Fiske (1897).

9- The Great Epic of Israel: The Web of Myth, Legend, History, Law, Oracle, Wisdom and Poetry of the Ancient Hebrews; by Amos Kidder Fiske (1911).

10- Israel's Account of the Beginnings; by: Walter M. Patton (1916).

11- Jewish History, Jewish Religion: The Weight of 3000 Years; by: Israel Shahak (2008).

12- The Message of Israel in Light of Modern Criticism; by: Julia Wedgwood (1894).

13- The Jews as a Chosen People-Tradition and Transformation; by: S. Leyla Gurkan (2009).

14- Farewell Sermon of Prophet Muhammad. (The full Sermon is included here)


And there are 24 titles in the subdirectory: Racism in the Zionist Modern Israel:

1- Why Did the United Nations Resolve that Zionism is a Form of Racism? By: Americans for Middle East Understanding (1991).

2- Zionism in the Bible; by: Nahum Sokolow (1918).

3- The Zionist Plan for the Middle East; by: Israel Shahak (1982).

4- Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel; by: Israel Shahak and Norton Mezvinsky (1999).

5- Bernstein - The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel; by: Jack Bernstein (1985).

6- A Historical Survey of Proposal to Transfer Arabs from Palestine (1895-1947); by: Chaim Simons (2004).

7- They Must Go; by: Meir Kahane (1981).

8- Our Challenge The Chosen Land; by: Meir Kahane.

9- The Great Zionist Cover-Up: A Study and Interpretation; by: Edwin M. Wright (1975).

10- The Dark Side of Zionism – Israel's Quest for Security Through Dominance; by: Baylis Thomas (2009).

11- Christian Zionism-Its History, Theology & Politics; by: Stephen Sizer (2005).

12- Christian Zionism: A Historical Analysis and Critique; by: John Hubers.

13- Challenging Christian Zionism; by: Jonathan Kuttab (2004).

14- Toward a Lutheran Response to Christian Zionism; by: Robert O. Smith (2008).

15- Israel - A Colonial Settler State? By: Maxime Rodinson (1973).

16- Ruling Palestine - A History of the Legally Sanctioned Jewish-Israeli Seizure of Land and Housing in Palestine; by: Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions (COHRE) (2005).

17- Refugees in Our Own Land – Chronicles from a Palestinian Refugee Camp in Bethlehem; by: Muna Hamzeh (2001).

18- No Beauty in the Beast; by: Mark Glenn (2005).

19- Disappearing Palestine – Israel's Experiments in Human Despair; by: Jonathan Cook (2008).

20- Keshet - Checkpoint Watch – Testimonies from Occupied Palestine; by: Yehudit Kirstein Keshat (2006).

21- Coffins on Our Shoulders – The Experience of the Palestinian Citizens of Israel; by: Dan Rabinowitz and Khawla Abu-Baker (2005).

22- Outsider in the Promised Land - An Iraqi Jew in Israel; by Nissim Rejwan (2006).

23- The Iron Cage - Story of Palestinian Struggle for Statehood; by: Rashid Khalidi (2006).

24- Dark Hope - Working for Peace in Israel and Palestine; by: David Shulman (2007).

