The source for this torrent is my DVD.  I converted from the DVD9 (Dual Layer) format to DVD5 (Standard DVD +/- R) format with CloneDVD2.  The folders in this torrent can be burned to a DVD +/- R with any program, but Windows Explorer works just fine.  Some people will be wondering what the JACKET_P folder is.  This contains album artwork that some DVD players can use.  It is a feature that was included by Sony in most of their DVDs.  I included it for the heck of it.



The following information is taken from the Wikipedia article:



Ben Folds Five - The Complete Sessions at West 54th, also referred to as Ben Folds Five - Live at Sessions at West 54th,  is a DVD containing musical performances by Ben Folds Five. On June 9, 1997 Ben Folds Five was one of the first guests to appear on a new series called Sessions at West 54th. Because of the 1/2 hour time constraint of the show, only a handful of the recorded tracks made it to air. The DVD contains the entire performance which, for the most part, includes tracks from their just released album, Whatever and Ever Amen.

The DVD includes Spare Reels, a 45 minute film which contains live performances and clips of the band in various and random situations. It also contains clips of Ben Folds Five during the studio sessions for their then upcoming album, The Unauthorized Biography of Reinhold Messner.

Track listing

   1. "Missing the War"
   2. "Kate"
   3. "Battle of Who Could Care Less"
   4. "The Last Polka"
   5. "Selfless, Cold and Composed"
   6. "Brick"
   7. "Steven's Last Night in Town"
   8. "Smoke"
   9. "Philosophy"
  10. "Emaline"
  11. "Theme from 'Dr. Pyser'"
  12. "One Angry Dwarf and 200 Solemn Faces"
  13. "Underground"
  14. "She Don't Use Jelly"
  15. "Song for the Dumped"

Bonus Feature: Spare Reels Footage

   1. "Battle of Who Could Care Less"
   2. "Philosophy"
   3. "Missing the War"
   4. "Brick"
   5. "Jackson Cannery"
   6. "Song for the Dumped"
   7. "Don't Change Your Plans"
   8. "Army"


    * Ben Folds - vocals, piano and other keyboards
    * Robert Sledge - bass, background vocals
    * Darren Jessee - drums, background vocals
