EDIUS 6 now gives users the ability to work with any video standard up to 1080p50/60 or 4K digital cinema resolution. Also, all major codecs in use in the industry are supported natively, with no transcoding required even when different compression formats are mixed on the timeline.

The EDIUS system’s renowned, mixed format and file wrapper/codec agnostic timeline has been enhanced in EDIUS 6 to include 1080p50/60, 10-bit support, with up to 4K resolution, and features the fastest native AVCHD editing in the industry.  This includes the ability to edit video content captured with digital SLR cameras such as the Canon EOS. The recently introduced Canon XF (MPEG2 4:2:2) format is also supported.

For prosumers, EDIUS 6 includes a proprietary AVCHD editing engine enabling real time, multi-stream editing of AVCHD compressed video without the need for any additional hardware. Full screen, VGA preview, including multi-cam selection, is also provided.

EDIUS 6 also extends its editing functionality towards post-production applications. Multicam editing is now expanded to16 cameras, with a choice of several multi-viewer screen layouts. EDIUS 6 also boasts – video masking, and combined with the new track matte keyer can enable easy “key & fill” operation on the timeline. Add to this keyframable, free shape, vector-based masking, and improved After Effects plug-in support, and EDIUS 6 is built to satisfy the requirements of even the most advanced editors.

DVD and Blu-ray authoring from the timeline now includes motion menus for even more professional results.

EDIUS is well known for its superb proxy workflow. With EDIUS 6, Grass Valley has taken its proxy handling to new levels to deliver an even a more efficient, end-to-end digital workflow. Now users have the ability to use proxy clips from footage acquired via SDI. Editors can mix and match any camcorder proxy with any EDIUS proxy at any time during the edit, which gives the user the most flexible and unique way of working with proxy files and high-resolution pictures. 
