Giuffria - Giuffria (1984)
CD (1995) To MP3 320 Kbit/s
Included: CD Covers & This Info.

Giuffria (Band)  From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Giuffria was an American  rock  band that was formed in 1982 by Gregg Giuffria after his departure from the band Angel, a glam rock/heavy metal band from Washington, D.C..

History of the Band
Giuffria was composed of Gregg Giuffria (keyboards), David Glen Eisley (lead vocalist), Craig Goldy (guitar), Chuck Wright (bass), and Alan Krigger (drums). Tom Quinton played drums for several months in 1983-84 but was dumped in favor of Alan Krigger, who looked more like a hard rock drummer than did Quinton. They were signed to MCA Records in 1984. Giuffria's self-titled debut album, Giuffria, soon followed peaking at #26 on the album charts while spawning two hit singles, "Call to Your Heart" (Hot 100 #15) and "Lonely In Love" (Hot 100 #57). The band was the opening act on Deep Purple 1984 reformation US tour, and was badly treated by Ritchie Blackmore who cut the band set from 45 minutes to 25 minutes, no guitar solo and no encores. The band went to tour as the opening act on Foreigner's Agent Provocateur tour, and enjoyed considerable success. The band played a few shows in Japan in June 1985, a live VHS tape was released under the Giuffria japan tour '85 title. Giuffria, then appeared on the Gotcha! soundtrack with the songs "Never Too Late" And "Say It Ain't True". A third track "What's Your Name?" featured the vocals of David Glen Eisley but was listed as Camelflage. Their next album, Silk and Steel, was released in 1986, following some lineup changes (Goldy joined Dio and was replaced by guitarist Lanny Cordola, and Wright came back to Quiet Riot and was replaced by bassist David Sikes). However, the first single "I must be dreaming" failed to hit the Top 40 landing at a peak position of #52 and the album managed only peak at #60 on the Billboard 200. A second single was released for "Love You Forever" but the proper label promotion was not in place and aside from an American Bandstand performance of the single it quickly disappeared failing to make the Hot 100. A third album was in the works from 1987-1988, but was eventually sacked in favor of the House of Lords debut album. However, nine tracks from the Giuffria III sessions can be found on David Glen Eisley's Lost Tapes release. Giuffria were soon dropped by MCA Records and soon disbanded but not prior to recording demos for what would later become the House of Lords project.

Side projects
Gregg Giuffria went on to form House of Lords and signed a record deal with Simmons Records, a new record company launched by his longtime friend Gene Simmons. Gene Simmons trademarked the name House of Lords, changed the band name to House of Lords and fired vocalist David Glen Eisley. Giuffria has since left the music business and now owns a business in Las Vegas.

Giuffria (album)  From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Giuffria is the self-titled debut album from American  rock  band Giuffria  (led by keyboard player Gregg Giuffria), released on MCA Records in 1984, and co-produced by Andy Johns. The album's highest peak on the Billboard Hot 100 was #26 on March 2, 1985. It was the most successful album from the five released by Giuffria, then House of Lords, from 1984 to 1992.

In 2007, "Call to The Heart" appeared in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories soundtrack. Playing on fictional Power Ballad radio station, Emotion 98.3.


Biography	by Shawn Perry  allmusic.com
Giuffria was formed in the early '80s by ex-Angel keyboardist Gregg Giuffria. The band included vocalist David Glen Eisley, guitarist Craig Goldy, bassist Chuck Wright, and drummer Alan Krigger. Similar to the power pop/arena hard rock style of Journey, Giuffria's 1984 self-titled debut met with marginal success, spawning the hit single "Call to Your Heart." Giuffria went on to open for Deep Purple and Foreigner before headlining a tour of their own in Japan. Replacing Goldy and Wright with Lanny Cordola and David Sikes, Giuffria's second, 1986 release, Silk and Steel, suffered from lack of promotion and tour support. After the band quietly disbanded, Gregg Giuffria regrouped with Cordola and Wright to form House of Lords. 

Review  by Doug Stone  allmusic.com
Keyboard maestro Gregg Giuffria originally planned to retain the Angel title for his second high-profile cinematic rock show, but the scalding ivories soaring throughout this record prove he's fully in charge, making the Giuffria moniker an apt band name. The long, blond angel always kicks off his projects with some cool keys, and the pulsing prelude to "Do Me Right" overpowers the rest of the song; like much of the album, this track devolves into a standard hair cut with symphonic trappings. Some abrupt occultism flies out of the flip's finale (spookiest cock rock craziness since the rise of Hagar's animal on Three Lock Box). Know now that both Giuffria platters are built around David Glen Eisley's voice, and enjoyment depends on how one takes to his heavy heaving. Plus, typical of this time period, some stuff sears, while some stuff sucks. But wistful weeper "Call to the Heart" rightfully remains Giuffria's crowning achievement and lone chart glory. Poor Giuffria remains a terrain-tethered star who never got off the ground. 

Tracklist:
01. Do Me Right  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria)
02. Call To The Heart  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria)
03. Don't Tear Me Down  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria/Craig Goldy)
04. Dance  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria/Craig Goldy)
05. Lonely In Love  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria)
06. Trouble Again  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria)
07. Turn Me On  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria/Craig Goldy)
08. Line Of Fire  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria)
09. The Awakening  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria)
10. Out Of The Blue (Too Far Gone)  (David Glen Eisley/Gregg Giuffria)

Lineup:
David Glen Eisley - Lead Vocals, Keyboards, Harmonica
Craig Goldy - Guitar
Chuck Wright - Bass
Gregg Giuffria - Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Alan Krigger - Drums, Percussion