. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.

                
                             
                                   
                                   
                                   
                     
                                   
                                   
                                   
                      
            

 
              ♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                                Cyber-Wing RIP
 ♦♦
   Release Date  :  13/03/2010                Protection  :  Activation
   Release Type  :  RIP 31x10.00MB            Company     :  Martian Arctic Games
 ♦♦
   Release Notes:

   Cyber-Wing is an action-strategy game influenced by the Sega
   Genesis game Herzog Zwei*, but in 3D from a first and third person
   perspective. If you are familiar with the game, it brings the game
   you remember into 3D and onto the internet with online multi-player
   battles
   you've been dreaming of for years.

   If you are not familiar with the game, it is a real-time
   strategy/action hybrid, where you build units like an RTS but must fly
   around and fight like in an action game.

   You capture bases and build and give orders such as attack and retreat
   to troops and ultimately destroy the enemy HQ to win the game.

   There is a single-player mission game as well, based on completing
   pre-made missions. The mission mode of the game will have both an
   introductory tutorial set of missions and also a set of difficult
   missions to challenge experienced players between multi-player games.

   3D game-play, first person robot mode and 3rd person air mode. Get
   into the action like you never have before.

   Online game-play, play versus opponents over the internet. Finally
   settle who is the best.

   New units. Say hello to the mech, the commando, and the support tank.

   Mission Mode. Play through single-player missions designed to test
   your brain as well as your brawn.

   Broadcast. Issue orders to all of your troops at once, no picking up
   and dropping off to launch big attacks!!!

   Unified interface. Don't leave the action to order troops, just do it
   by hitting the number keys on the keyboard.


   RIPPED: Nothing
 ♦♦
   Install Notes:

   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
   2, Install game with CyberWingInstaller.exe
   3. Generate a key for the game with our CyberWing-Keygen.exe
   4. Enjoy!

   Additional Notes:

   The email address don't have to be a valid. You can use anything as an
   email.

   Remember to support good games!
 ♦♦

     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!

 ♦♦
                            " Ready and Rolling! "