

      PCMedik 6.8.9.2010 - PC Booster - REGISTERED !!!



PCMedik 6 sets the standard for PC repair and optimization software. 
One of the first and most comprehensive products  to increase computer performance, 
it increases overall speed and squeezes out every last bit of performance your 
computer is capable of. PCMedik also locates and repairs problems with software 
and hardware incompatibilities which lead to loss of computer performance and stability. 
Very easy to use, fully compliant with the latest versions of Microsoft ® Windows and 
brings new life to your computer. Take your existing computer and revitalize it the easy way.


 
PCMedik can increase the performance of your computer and fix annoying problems like 
crashes and errors that randomly appear. Reduce the frustration that you may have with 
your computer by simply downloading and trying PCMedik, many common problems on your 
computer can quickly be fixed and your computer's performance will be greatly improved.


PCMedik works by making permanent modifications to the Windows system registry and system 
files, these changes affect how your computer performs and fixes many errors that you 
commonly run into during day to day operation of your computer. Increase the stability of 
your computer and have your computer run at optimal performance by using PCMedik. 
No longer do you have to continually reboot your computer to fix errors that are stopping you 
from continuing to work, PCMedik fixes many of these Windows errors and prevents these messages
from appearing.


Say no to system reboots by healing your computer problems. Quickly fix errors that occur 
on your computer, increase the performance of your computer system and boost your productivity 
by downloading PCMedik today.

Latest Update: 6.8.9.2010 - Resigned all files and installer with new Authenticode Code 
Signing 3 year certificate from Comodo. Fixes expiration of previous certificate from Thawte.
Also changed the compression level of installer to minimize memory usage during 
install and uninstall.		

