Kristina Rose Is Slutwoman - COMPLETE.NTSC.DVD9




screens + 26 large screenshots (+ large DVD-covers): 
http://www.imageblues.info


(look for: 2009-Oct-27: Kristina Rose Is Slutwoman)





Her first DP!

Kristina Rose, the innocent looking but filthy superstar, follows in the footsteps of Roxanne Hall, Michelle Raven, Alexandra Quinn, and Annette Schwarz in the classic role of Slutwoman.

Actresses

    * Charlotte Vale
    * Chayse Evans                [LezOnly]
    * Kristina Rose               [Anal Facial DP]

   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Chayse Evans, Kristina Rose
    * Scene 2. James Deen, Kristina Rose, Mick Blue
    * Scene 3. 5 Guys, Kristina Rose
    * Scene 4. Kristina Rose, Manuel Ferrara
    * Scene 5. Charlotte Vale, Kristina Rose


Category:        Anal, DP/double penetration, straight/lesbian, gonzo
Studio:          Elegant Angel
Director:        Mason
Released:        09/2009
Language:        English


LANGUAGE: English
SUBS:     None
AUDIO:    2.0 DD
RATIO:    1.77:1
IMAGE:    .iSO
VIDEO:    Untouched
MENU:     Untouched


REVIEW:

Mason is one of the directors at Elegant Angel and to her credit, she is almost always able to instill a sense of adventure in her movies, especially those dedicated to a single performer. Her latest release making it my way this weekend was such a fuck flick, the movie called Kristina Rose is Slutwoman. As expected, the show provided some of the best footage of lovely Kristina Rose, nearly every frame featuring her as the latest incarnation of the infamous "slutwoman" character, placing her in the company of some truly hardcore sexual hotties from years past. While there were only five scenes and a single disc this time, the amount of footage was over three and a half hours, making this a must have title for any of Kristina's fans, serving as a follow up to some of Elegant's previous works showcasing the young lady so very well. Here's a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:

Scene One: 
Kristina Rose, arguably one of the most popular performers in gonzo porn these days, was up first in a military scenario where she was dogged out by superior Chayse Evans in the desert. The training exercise reminded me of times long past but this time with a twist, Chayse taking her behind a bolder to strip and abuse with a large dildo. There was choking and dirty talk, Kristina made to service Chayse in various oral acts, including taste testing toys before going straight to the tap for some juices. Kristina did a lot of forced anal and then turned the tables, both gals giving each other some heated action over the nearly 50 minute scene before reconciling that they cared for each other tenderly too.

Scene Two: 
Kristina Rose, in what is advertised as her first DP, was up next wearing the cover outfit, and joining studly Mick Blue and James Deen on a couch. Initially, Mick was kissing her while James beat off as he shoved his face in her ass, some minor foot worship leading to the guys reversing roles. Kristina then began taking turns blowing them, her need for seed as pronounced as I have seen from her of late, the guys fucking her pussy and ass before the actual double penetration (DP). While she was caught off guard a bit by the DP, she cranked up the aural qualities of the tryst and showed she loved her own juices with extensive taste testing, actively riding their cocks one at a time best (regardless of which hole they were poking at the time). The passionate screwing and oral eventually led to the men rubbing out their loads of genetic juice to her face, Kristina still playing with them when they ran dry thanks in part to the chemistry they showed.

Scene Three: 
Kristina Rose, next in a short dress, was out in public around the company warehouse on nearby streets, introducing herself to a variety of civilians from all walks of life. This reminded me of the older (and better) Shane's World titles as she tried to find someone to give a handjob to, eventually rewarding a stranger (Johnny) for getting her some furniture to stock her new place. It was amusing to say the least even if subsequent viewings will turn the introductory footage into FFF (a nod to Mike Quasar: "fast forward fodder"), Kristina's outgoing nature just as I remember it from January. He unleashed a wealth of seed onto his lap after some minimal groping, the ladies brought back to the warehouse for the blowbang with the mope squad, most prominent of which was Arnold Schwarzenpecker but included Mike Hash, Johnny Fender, Rob Banks, and Criss Strokes. She felt she owed them for moving her furniture, Mike and the other four happy to engage her in the blow bang. She slobbed knob with the best of them and took their wads of population pudding all over her face and upper torso, soon diddling herself (as a "good cum whore") to an orgasm as she launched some juices of her own, the gal covered in sweat.

Scene Four: 
Kristina Rose, up next wearing a sexy black outfit consisting of fishnet stockings, shiny shoes, and a short black dress, was all dolled up to work with one of her very favorite partners in an empty parking lot/warehouse, Manuel Ferrara. She looked for him and he jumped out at her, her heart skipping a beat as her potential assailant got her to agree to play with him. He leaned her up against a support beam, slapped her a little, and kissed her passionately, some choking leading to her providing him with a seriously heated hummer. She bent over as he demanded and they continued to give each other head, her fleshy ass jiggling as she impaled herself on his pecker on the floor. Kristina really tore into the cock vaginally but her anal work with Manuel showed she was as advanced in anal as she is ever likely to get, the taste testing, displays of affection, and chemistry all excellent as expected from them. Manuel made repeated attempts to ensure Kristina was getting off and her eye contact helped show their connection together, some additional kissing bolstering that point right up until he spewed on her entire body while standing over her. Whew!

Scene Five: 
Kristina Rose, once again dressed up in slutty attire, was last up as the dominant partner between her and curvy Charlotte Vale in the living room. She choked her charge and put her through the paces much like she had been earlier, Charlotte's face turning red as a result of the aggressive stance our heroine took with her. The ladies went down on each other repeatedly and used toys like a Hitachi to add some heat, Kristina even riding on Charlotte's back up the stairs until they found Mr. Pete waiting for them. Pete and Kristina took turns abusing Charlotte but all three of them showed significant levels of chemistry working together, the oral and vaginal plowing turning into an anal fuck fest before long. Charlotte's fleshy ass looked best in motion and all of them stayed busy but as hot as Charlotte was this time, her skills were eclipsed by the wonderful performance that Kristina gave. There was a lot of choking and the scene ended with Kristina jerking him off as she blew him, swallowing the semen as her pal got her off yet again.


Summary: 
Kristina Rose is Slutwoman by director Mason for Elegant Angel might have been better served up on a double disc platter with a better sampling of extras but the amount of Kristina Rose fuck for the buck, the strokability, and the replay value for fans like myself was practically off the charts earning a tremendous Highly Recommended. Kristina was enthusiastic, playful (even giving a handjob to a stranger that bought her some furniture), and passionate about her need for seed, marking this as a fine offering in a series fans have come to expect the very best of over the years. In short then, Kristina Rose is Slutwoman fulfilled every expectation I had about it when I first saw the poster for the big September releases awhile back, the lack of defining extras weakening it only a single notch for me. If you are in the market for a gonzo gal able to come across as loving her career path, you won't find much better than this so check it out.


Length: 215:00 minutes
Date of Production: 8/22/2009
Condoms: None

Extras: 
The best extra was the 8:01 minute long Behind the Scenes feature that showed a lot of enthusiasm and energy on the sets of the movie. Mason was clearly in charge and the cast was having a lot of fun as usual with Mason interjecting comments but Kristina clear she wanted to be there working for the director in this spotlight hit. There was also a photogallery, a pop shot recap, and some spam for those that care.

Audio/Video Quality: 
Kristina Rose is Slutwoman was presented in a decent 1.78:1 ratio anamorphic widescreen color as released by director Mason for Elegant Angel using the standard definition MPEG-2 codec with 480 resolution. The camera work was generally solid with plentiful lighting to eliminate grain, video noise and shadows so the picture appeared to be in line with her other work to date. Mason has made or assisted on a number of titles over the years, the technical matters taking back seat (pun intended) to the raw energy of the sex, but her skill levels have definitely been improving with the camera too, showing she pays attention for those that care. I saw no compression artifacts thanks in part to the 4.1 Mbps video bitrate and the composition of the camera angles strongly favored Kristina Rose. The fluid nature of the compositional work aside though, the editing by Bossman Hall helping to enhance this one a little too, a couple of abrupt changes jarring but not deal killers in the slightest. The 2.0 Dolby Digital English track was pretty basic with little separation or dynamic range yet I could hear the cast well enough in most cases. For those keeping track, the audio was offered in a 256 Kbps offering with a 48 kHz sampling rate, plenty of room considering how little took place on it but leaving room for future efforts too. 


4,000+ porn torrents: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens

(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)




