 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111693/

720 X 480 NTSC DVD convert 128k audio Program lenght 2hrs 5mins 35 seconds
includes songs from soundtrack including Michael Bolton instead doing
"When a man loves woman"

I am taking a break from bringing you bluray HD conversions as there are just
a couple of titles we bring to you for interest that merit just a nice enough
movie file (we think the picture on this is actually quite just as good for 
our purposes here!).

I watched most of this movie feeling pain in remembering relationships I’ve had 
with the "Meg Ryans" of this world - to whatever degree individually, and I could
only keep saying out loud "Please! Please! Please! don’t leave me Meg! Please don’t
leave me! (I was putting myself into the picture in Garcia’s role - although I’m 
real Irish and he has all the makings to be rightly initiated over time too!!) - 
although in real life I’ve only ever had that sort of mindset once myself- when
I was married into a wealthy family from Australia - with aprincess
(in what was her spirit and manner) as my wife (Elizabeth).

Meg Ryan has a problem - the pickings are slim, folks always trying to talk her 
out of taking real and genuine care where its available (And Andy Garcia has it
to spare if you really get to know the true greatness in him) and she doesn’t 
think he cues quite as much on the quick uptake and so she feels left out when
around her own crowd.

Yet what is being on the "in" of pop culture in America preaching to Meg other
than "affirmative action" of the worst kind exclusively?

On the other hand, Garcia is too intense in his approach at times, sometimes
seeming blind to what is good and the right thing to do. he is smothering towards 
a child wanting to seek out her real father - as he uses the wrong instincts to 
win - thinking all can be brought to their knees in some respect if he just 
insists "it’ll pass" as the right solution to what the problems are, as he sees 
them instead.

You have to know when to give a person space, and realize what is even assaultive
in some respect, on fragile sensibilities. Yet Garcia wants to be good - and he 
has it within him to learn a better way. We aren’t shown much in the movies of
what Meg Ryan often has to endure from types she’s normally around - you might
just consider Garcia an actual saint in the making after all.


Meg Ryan often plays too hard to get (in life through such situations) in a way
that cannot be overcome, other than she feels you have had to endure so as to 
affirm her sense of worth. What is that worth? Fact is that if she chose to
presses the bargain - there's no price too high that she wouldn’t deserve
hypothetically. the Irish gals are as God on earth in their capacity for
Christianly beauty that is not seconded anywhere on gods green earth - 
I speak of course broadly to include all the Irish spirited gals of 
the most dear in Ireland, Australia Germany France Sweden and elsewhere - even 
Russia certainly too. Yet the American model is supremely a great Christian in 
their capacity for goodness so as to be a beacon to the planet at some point.
They'd have to remember the accent they once spoke with back in Germany or
Ireland - and lo and behold - true brilliance would overcome them. 
Of this I’m altogether certain. Truly great folks there


But what’s the point  of breaking something just to hand it to someone back and
then say "now you can keep it cause if it wasn’t broke - it would be more than you
deserve. (Speaking of Garcia's heart here in a manner of speaking that is).

No man can truly and adequately deserve meg Ryan. she is just too beautiful for
human comprehension. She has to be cared for and nurtured and love without
reservation. But if she is to remain sane and in her human beauty she must be
fair as well, to those who are deserving it. They only must be willing to try and 
be ably willing to do better - and demonstrably so - they might just turn out to
be the best when they’ve been shown the ropes. Only theyd have to come with some
wisdom too and the stuff of Garcia has endured much and remained greatly virile
and committed to the care of family and with true genuine emotions of
conscientious care and love second to none, I submit, when it is in fact secure.

Meg Ryan deserves an Irish spirited man who has real love to give and will
treasure and comfort her and bring her joy. Andy Garcia should be allowed to
audition in full fairness. He could just be the best she’s got with what the
world has come to in some respects now. I can tell you his sort doesn’t tolerate
OJ getting away with what he did - and he would stake his life if he were
protecting his own in a situation of life and death in the legitimate defence
of the community. That’s scary for some - on the other hand - what’s not scary
about those that ask OJ for autographs instead? I’m just saying Meg doesn’t have
many vocal friends left - as they're all preachin equality down there just now.
so what’s a lovely gal to do? 


By the way, its not quite fair that she asks Garcia not to act as though he can 
cure all with just his strength. Strength with Christianly wisdom is what a man
must give or no woman will remain healthy mentally speaking. Her spirit will
wither and she will not remain with him given the chance. She needs strength.
But physically engaged strength alone cannot save the day in America. You have
to be on the "team"  as it were or no one pulls the strings for you. as such he
faces unfair competition and doesn’t really know the system he is into well
enough to play as a winner should. He might just be shocked to learn 
how to cue well enough to say yeah' I guess I could sell my soul too.

I never had any tolerance for seeing someone raise their voice to a Meg Ryan
however I now only insist it be in competent true christinly spirit (god-
like in fact), based on merited genuine care and true love and in fully deserving
fashion - or else I’m not going to stand idly by myself! I love this gal dearly
and it is to her happiness that I stake my life. At the expense of all - none
excepted! be nice to this gal, huh! 


I love you Meg Ryan! Please don ever leave a nice guy again! They be hard
to find as it is dear! ever seen a grown man cry? thats what Andy Garcia and
me are made to do with genuine care!

So there!

Michael Rizzo Chessman



















 