Jim Morrison was a singer, songwriter and poet.

Born James Douglas Morrison in Melbourne, Florida, he was the lead singer and lyricist of the popular American rock band The Doors. He was also an author of several poetry books.

James Douglas Morrison was the son of George Stephen Morrison and his wife Clara Clark Morrison, both employed by the United States Navy. His father was a strict military officer, who served as an admiral. Jim was raised by his conservative parents but would grow to express different views to theirs.

According to Morrison the most important event of his life came in 1947 during a family trip in New Mexico. He described the event as follows:

The first time I discovered death... me and my mother and father, and my grandmother and grandfather, were driving through the desert at dawn. A truckload of Indians had either hit another car or something- there were Indians scattered all over the highway, bleeding to death. I was just a kid, so I had to stay in the car while my father and grandfather went to check it out. I didn't see nothing- all I saw was funny red paint and people lying around, but I knew something was happening, because I could dig the vibrations of the people around me, and all of a sudden I realized that they didn't know what was happening any more than I did. That was the first time I tasted fear... and I do think, at that moment, the souls of those dead Indians- maybe one or two of them-were just running around, freaking out, and just landed in my soul, and I was like a sponge, ready to sit there and absorb it.

Morrison growing up, became a seeker, interested in exploring new avenues and new sensations, and led a bohemian lifestyle in California, attending UCLA, drifting about and sleeping on couches and rooftops, reading books voraciously. After graduating UCLA, Morrison read some poems to fellow student, Ray Manzarek and they both decided on the spot to start a rock band. To complete the band, two more members, Robby Krieger and John Densmore joined the group. (The name The Doors came from an Aldous Huxley book, The Doors of Perception, in turn borrowed from a line of poetry by William Blake), "When the doors of perception are cleansed/ Things will appear as they are, Infinite". He developed a unique singing voice and a style of poetry leaning heavily on mysticism.

Morrison took for himself the nickname Mr. Mojo Risin', an anagram of Jim Morrison, and which he eventually used as a refrain in his final single, LA Woman. He was also called The Lizard King from a line in his famed epic poem Celebration of the Lizard, part of which appeared on the album Waiting for the Sun and which was adapted into a musical in the 1990s.

Even before The Doors formed, Morrison began consuming a variety of drugs, drank alcohol consistently, and indulged in various bacchanalia, sometimes showing up for recording sessions while inebriated (he can be heard hiccuping on the song Five To One. Jim Morrison's performances have influenced many, including Patti Smith. Live shows often possessed shamanistic qualities.

Morrison moved to Paris, France in March 1971 with the intention of concentrating on his writing.

Jim Morrison died in Paris, France on July 3, 1971, in his bathtub at the age of 27; many fans and biographers have speculated that the cause of death was a drug overdose, or possibly an assassination by American government authorities. Morrison remarked several times near his 'death' that he was number 3. Referring to himself as likely to be the third person to die mysteriously; Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin being the first two. The official report listed heart attack as the cause of death. Morrison is buried in the famous Le Père Lachaise Cemetery in eastern Paris: because his fans there are generally perceived as nuisances, leaving litter and graffiti behind them, it has been suggested that a new burial site will have to be found.

Some fans believe that Morrison faked his death in order to escape the spotlight. Conspiracy theorists point out that Morrison's longtime girlfriend, Pamela Courson, initially told the press that Morrison was merely very tired and resting in a hospital, that very few people had actually seen the corpse prior to its burial, and that Morrison,in the months prior to his 'death', had often talked jokingly with his bandmates about splitting to Africa. Doors drummer, John Densmore, upon visiting Morrison's grave for the first time, is said to have remarked that it was too short. To some, Jim Morrison was a rebel, to others a rock-n-roll poet.

About The Movie: (From Amazon:)
Inspired by Jerry Hopkins and Danny Sugarman's acclaimed biography of the Doors' enigmatic, ill-fated singer Jim Morrison, this hourlong 1981 tribute is must-see viewing for anyone wishing to explore and comprehend the Morrison legend. It's certainly definitive in terms of the personnel involved: surviving Doors members Ray Manzarek, John Densmore, and Robby Krieger are joined by Hopkins, Sugarman, and the late producer Paul Rothchild, offering privileged perspective and insight into Morrison's personality and creative impulse. "Not a showman, but a shaman," says Manzarek of Morrison's controversial image as a brightly burning poet provocateur, while Krieger and Densmore acknowledge the darker side of supporting Morrison's iconoclastic charisma even as his drug-fueled intensity led to death at age 27. With revealing interview and performance clips, including two complete appearances on The Ed Sullivan Show, this is a fascinating look at a truly unique artist whose legacy remains timeless, vital, and worthy of this open-eyed retrospective. --Jeff Shannon

These are VOB files from the original DVD5.

Seed.
Enjoy.

-Jugz