Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Badlands was the first album by the band of the same name. This album featured Ray Gillen and Eric Singer, who previously played together in Black Sabbath. This album also features guitarist Jake E. Lee and bassist Greg Chaisson. (Eric Singer later played on the Greg Chaisson solo album It's About Time.) The album had sold 400,000 copies by 1990, according to Greg Chaisson, in a "Hit Parader" interview from that year.

Badlands was a short-lived rock band founded by former Ozzy Osbourne guitarist Jake E. Lee and former Black Sabbath members Ray Gillen and Eric Singer. Badlands also featured bassist Greg Chaisson. After the first Badlands album, Eric Singer was replaced by Jeff Martin. The group lasted from 1988 to 1993 and released two albums, Badlands (1989) and Voodoo Highway (1991) before Gillen left and was replaced by singer John West from New York. Ray's death in 1993 effectively ended any hopes of re-uniting the project. The album Dusk (originally recorded in 1992 - 1993) was posthumously released in 1998.

The band released Badlands in June 1989 to good reviews. The band released videos for the songs "Dreams In The Dark" and the Zeppelin-like "Winter’s Call", and both enjoying decent airplay on MTV. This boosted the album to its peak on Billboard’s album charts at no. 57.

After touring with Ozzy Osbourne in support of the Ultimate Sin album, Lee was fired in a telegram from Sharon Osborne while working on one of his muscle cars back in Los Angeles. Lee was completely caught off guard at the time of his firing as he was under the impression he had a solid working gig with the Osborne camp. Wishing to distance himself as much as possible from his former boss, he set about looking for a charismatic front man with which to launch a new band. He found just that when he met Ray Gillen, a struggling vocalist who had just been separated from Black Sabbath after a short time. Within weeks, the duo had enlisted bassist Greg Chaisson and Gillen’s former Black Sabbath bandmate Eric Singer on drums.

Eric Singer soon quit to join KISS following the death of drummer Eric Carr. Badlands picked up Jeff Martin, former vocalist for Surgical Steel and Racer X to take over on drums, and the band released Voodoo Highway in 1991. However, Badlands was slowly breaking apart at the seams. During the recording process, Lee accused Gillen of conspiring with their label to push the band in a more commercial direction. This subsequently led to Gillen being fired. However, since a tour of the UK had already been booked, the vocalist was temporarily re-admitted for its completion. Unfortunately, this wasn't well-publicised in the UK press and the tour attendance was possibly affected.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/