Beethoven's Emperor Concerto, Ljubljana Symphony Orchestra, Anton Nanut, conductor, Dubravka Tomšič, piano.


Beethoven's final concerto was completed in 1809 during the French occupation of Vienna. It's title "Emperor" was not of Beethoven choice and has nothing to do with Napoleon. Five years earlier and enraged Beethoven had struck Napoleon's name from his Third Symphony after hearing that the Frenchman proclaimed himself Emperor. Nevertheless, the anonymuos publisher or pianist who named this majestic concerto was on the mark: here music is imperial, supreme!
Beethoven, th democrat and child of the French Revolution, would identify majesty only with the creative spirit...


Dubravka Tomšič Srebotnjak made her acclaimed Carnegie Hall debut in 1957, at the age of 17, playing Beethoven and Liszt. Two years earlier she debuted with the New York Philharmonic under Jonel Perlea.

Her substantial talent as a pianist was made obvious while receiving private instruction at a young age, so it was only natural that she continued her education in the field, first at the Music high school in Ljubljana and later at the Slovene Academy of Music under professor Zora Zarnikova. Following the advice of the famous Claudio Arrau, she left for the United States at age 12, and in 1957 graduated at the Juilliard School of Music in New York, studying under professor Katharine Bacon, while at the same time improving her skills under the mentorship of A. Uninski (1955). She was considered to be the greatest musical talent of her time in the US. After her Juilliard graduation she studied with the legendary Artur Rubinstein, and in 1959 she received her Bachelor's degree. Rubenstein was eloquent: Her talent and individuality are great. What Lightness! What a beautiful tone! She is a perfect and marvelous pianist!

She has an astounding concert career and is often invited as a judge at the prestigious piano recitals including Van Cliburn, Leeds, L. v. Beethoven, Clara Haskil, etc. Dubravka Tomšič is a very much sought after performer, holding regular concerts all around Europe, Asia, North America, Mexico, Australia and Africa. She's credited with more than 3,500 performances and more than 20 record and 70 CD releases.

Brought to you by TQMP. (The Quality Music Project)

In this project we, fellow pirates share only quality items out of our CD collections in lossless FLAC and include covers, especially for those who like to burn and print and put it in a nice and shiny jewelcase. Well, you all know the drill :)

Ripped by Exact Audio Copy V0.99 from 01-23-2008, encoded to FLAC with 1024kb/s
Get Your Free Copy of the EAC and FLAC suite at:
http://www.exactaudiocopy.de/en/index.php/resources/download/

Please feel free to join the TQMP project!
The "rules" are simple: Rip your CD (no 1980's cassettetapes or vinylrips please!) in lossless format AND include artwork. Include cue- and logfiles for the purists and the TQMP searchtag in your title, so it can easily be found. (Yes, on Google as well..)

Say »thank you« by seeding... just seed, it is not harmful to your health :D