Precognition & Dreams

Date:
 09-03-09
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Dr. Laurie Nadel, Joshua P. Warren 

Appearing during the first three hours, author, researcher and psychotherapist Dr. Laurie Nadel discussed precognitive dreams, and how many people had dreams and visions before 9-11. The dreaming mind can pick up impressions and images of events that haven't happened yet, or people who haven't come into your life yet, she said. The Seneca Indians gathered once a week to discuss their dreams, but western society typically lacks a forum for sharing this kind of material, she noted. However, the Arlington Institute, a futurist think tank, does provide an online form to record precognitive or intuitive dreams. 

Nadel told of her first precognitive dream at age 11, in which she dreamed her family's pet parakeet was lying dead in the bottom of its cage while in a car. This event actually occurred several weeks after the dream. A few months before 9-11, many people reported reoccurring dreams about planes, birds, towers, and people falling out of buildings; this was a kind of a "intensification in the collective subconscious" and people's ability to perceive these symbols, she said. 

A precognitive dream can sometimes be differentiated from a normal dream, if a person is having a lucid dream or a strong feeling that comes with the dream, she explained. Interestingly, Nadel noted that dreams about strange and unusual cloud formations are currently being reported. The clouds are described as dark, low to the horizon, completely different than patterns we typically see, and ominous in nature. She speculated that it may have something to do with the shifting of polar energies or geographical changes. 

People can sometimes directly communicate and have conversations with each other via dreams, she detailed. And dreams can also be used to find solutions for vexing problems or issues. People can write out a question and place it under their pillow-- typically they'll have a resolution dream within 2-3 nights, she said. 

The Paranormal Hour
Last hour guest, paranormal investigator Joshua P. Warren shared updates on some of his latest projects, including his testing of a "psychotronic wheel," which showed some telekinetic properties under glass. Joshua, who has a new book just out, The Secret Wisdom of Kukulkan, will be making one-hour weekly appearances on C2C, George announced. 

Website(s):
unlockyoursixthsense.com 
joshuapwarren.com 
secretwisdombook.com 

Book(s):
Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power 
The Secret Wisdom of Kukulkan 