
 [--__-_] A R C H I V E   T E A M [_-__--]

   The GEOCITIES MIDI SWIPE Version 1.0
         FLAT AND UNIQUE Version
      Compiled on November 10, 2009

 On October 27, 2009, Yahoo! Inc. shut down the Geocities service, a collection of
 free webpages with entries and hosted sites dating back to 1995. Along with this
 shutdown was the destruction of millions of files and history, lost to the dustbin
 of time.

 ...well, except what dozens of people from around the world were desperately
 downloading as fast as they could. This band of archivists, including members of
 Archive Team, Reocities, Geocities.ws, and many others, did their best to ensure
 at least a portion of this collection of files would live on.

 This is a quick and dirty collection of MIDI files taken from the Neighborhoods of
 Geocities, given arbitrary unique names and sorted by first letter/character. MIDI
 files could be summoned by browsers when visiting a website and could provide a
 music soundtrack while looking at that page. The MIDI files themselves came from
 a wide variety of sources, professional and amateur, and represent, in most cases,
 commercial songs re-written for the MIDI format. Some have credits baked into the
 files; others do not. Some are complicated orchestrations using the best of what
 the MIDI format has to offer, while others are simplistic and repetitive.

 Please note that many of these files have been renamed arbitrarily to allow all the
 filenames to fit into flat directories, and should not be considered the actual
 names used by the website authors when putting together their sites. A simple dupe
 checking has occurred so the exact same file doesn't appear in multiple places,
 although any changes to the file in any way over time would make it appear to be
 different even though the music would not. Also note that copyright and creator's
 rights still exist for both the music and the files themselves, and no use of
 these files is implied or permitted by Archive Team's compiling of them.

 In total, over 51,000 songs are located in this collection, spanning the full
 1995-2009 lifetime of Geocities.