Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Songs About Jane is the debut album of American pop rock band Maroon 5, released June 25, 2002 on J Records and Octone Records. The album became a sleeper hit with help of five singles that attained chart success, including the Billboard hit "Harder to Breathe" and international hits "This Love" and "She Will Be Loved". It was re-released on October 14, 2003, and by the end of 2004, had reached the top-ten of the US Billboard 200 chart. Songs About Jane had sold nearly 2.7 million copies by the end of 2004 and has been certified multi-platinum in sales in several countries.

All but one member of Maroon 5 had been members of a previous Los Angeles band called Kara's Flowers which released an album called The Fourth World in mid-1997 on Reprise Records with little success. Kara's Flowers left Reprise Records in 1999 and with the addition of guitarist James Valentine became Maroon 5.

The band played show case gigs in New York City and Los Angeles. Singer and guitarist Adam Levine credited the interregnum for influencing the band's new style in an interview with VH1. "During the time between our record deals, I spent a lot of time in New York where I was exposed to an urban and hip-hop culture in a way that had never happened to me in L.A. It turned me on to an entirely new genre of music which has had a profound impact on my song writing."

The band signed with Octone Records, a New York independent label with distribution through BMG and an artist development deal with Clive Davis' J Records. The band recorded Songs About Jane at Rumbo Recorders in Los Angeles with producer Matt Wallace who had also produced with Train, Blues Traveler and Third Eye Blind. Production was handled primarily by Wallace, with Mark Endert co-producing "This Love".

Maroon 5 is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California. While they were in high school, vocalist and rhythm guitarist Adam Levine, keyboardist Jesse Carmichael, bass guitarist Mickey Madden, and drummer Ryan Dusick formed a garage band called Kara's Flowers in 1995 and released one album in 1997. They reformed, with guitarist James Valentine, in 2001 and pursued a new direction as Maroon 5. The following year they released their debut album Songs About Jane, which contained four hit singles: "Harder to Breathe", "This Love", "She Will Be Loved" and "Sunday Morning"; it also enjoyed major chart success, going gold, platinum, and triple platinum in many countries around the world.

In support of Songs About Jane, Maroon 5 toured extensively throughout 2003–2005, during which time two live albums were released. They received the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 2005. Dusick left the band in September 2006, citing injuries sustained by constant touring, and was replaced by Matt Flynn. Maroon 5's second studio album It Won't Be Soon Before Long was released in 2007, with the singles "Makes Me Wonder", "Won't Go Home Without You" and "Wake Up Call". The band performed live in two tours between June and November 2007, during which time a compilation of previously unreleased songs, The B-Side Collection, was released.

Two more live albums and a remix album were issued in 2008. Maroon 5's third studio album is scheduled to be released in September 2010. Since debuting in 2002, the band has sold over 10 million albums in the United States and nearly 15 million worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/