Blue Brazil Vol 3 - Blue Note in a Latin Groove
Original Year: 2000
Audio CD: October 17, 2000 
Label: Blue Note
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Continuing its reputation for releasing excellent jazz and world music, the Blue Note label has issued the third volume of Blue Brazil. Although many of the traditional Brazilian artists on this compilation might be unknown to North American audiences, the bossa nova sound will always be familiar. For Blue Brazil, Vol. 3, Mark Taylor dove deep into the archives to pull together a unique collection of rare and obscure music in the bossa nova tradition. None of the tracks have been previously released on compilations or LP reissues in Japan or Europe, making this album even more of a gem. The Brazilian sound is made complete with a touch of samba, compliments of a Monsueto track from the early '60s. For fans of Brazilian music or just beginners looking to learn, Blue Brazil, Vol. 3 comes highly recommended. ~ Diana Potts

The album is good! If you enjoy Blue Note or Brazilian music then its more than worth the small price. Blue Note fans will particularly enjoy this album as the fusion of styles is well suited and executed.
The album starts off in high spirits of the Samba then meanders through the Blue notes of Brazil, excellent for dinner parties or nights in.

However the only point of caution would be to those of you who would be into hard core Brazilian Music, then this might not be your favorite cup of tea, all be it one to which you may wish to experience. ~ John Duff

Blue Brazil Vol 3 Tracks:
01  Taiguara – Samba Das Cinco
02  Formula 7 – Ponteio
03  Nelsinho E Sua Orquestra – Upa Neguinho
04  Claudia – Deixa Eu Dizer
05  Elza Soares & Roberto Ribeiro – O Que Vem De Baixo Nao Me Atinge
06  Wilson Simonal – Tudo De Voce
07  Monsueto – Bateria E Solo De Percurssao
08  Leny Andrade – Nao Adianta
09  Luiz Gonzaga Jr. – Galope
10  Som Imaginario – Mar Azul
11  Golden Boys – Berimbau
12  Leny Andrade – Alvoroco
13  Milton Banana Trio- Vou Deitar E Rolar
14  Nelsinho E Sua Orquestra – Chove Chuva
15  Taiguara – A Volta Do Passaro Amerindio
16  Wanderlea – Antes Que A Cidade Durma
17  Danilo Caymmi – Ponta Negra
18  Elza Soares E Miltinho – Mal De Amor
19  Egberto Gismonte – Educacao Sentimental
20  Os Borges – Em Familia
21  Marcos Valle – Os Grilos