Civil War II: The Coming Breakup Of America.


This fascinating book looks into the very real possibility that America could descend into a racial civil war in the coming decade. Frightening, but full of facts that are difficult to argue with.


"Mr. Chittum's book deserves as wide an audience as possible, but it will not receive it because of the unpleasant feelings it would arouse in the "normally" socialized American. Quite simply, the book points out the obvious: the new immigration of the late 20th century is an importation into the US not of foreign nationals, but of foreign nations. In the past 30 years a number of Hispanics larger than the population of Canada have entered this country. They possess a vast infrastructure of their own, are supported from outside our borders by Latin American governments, and from within by the leftist Washington establishment and by the "conservative" corporate elite which craves their cheap labor. Their avowed goal is to transform America, not to assimilate into it. They are, compared to their white counterparts, shockingly criminal and profligate. In the past few years, for example, they have managed to achieve an illegitimacy rate higher than that of native-born American blacks - which takes some doing. This book's thesis is simple: in an environment where there is no longer an unspoken loyalty to cultural and behavioral norms on a basic level, abstract concepts like adherence to the rule of law and respect for centralized authority will disappear. Mr. Chittum demonstrates how this has already begun to happen. If anything, the passage of time since publication only serves to reinforce his views - recently, for example, the town of Cenizo, TX quasiofficially seceded from the Union and joined Mexico. It abolished English as its official language and declared its denizens immune from federal law. This is directly in keeping with Mr. Chittum's analysis of the coming breakup of the US.

The facts are clearly in support of Mr. Chittum's thesis and he marshals them admirably. Leftist critics can fulminate and rage, calling his book hateful or paranoid or extremist - but they cannot call it factually inaccurate, historically erroneous or poorly reasoned. You will note that the left will make emotional appeals of this kind against the author's thesis - this is because they are unable to make an effective logical argument against it. Note the one piece of mindless liberal drivel below. It supports my point.

Despite Mr. Chittum's excellent analysis of the current situation, I feel he makes far too many assumptions about the future. We can only extrapolate the end result of our current situation by stating an incontrovertible historical fact - no multiethnic society has ever survived. ..."