Friday, February 19, 2010

In a time of tragedy and violence, it’s important to remember that the world isn’t just made up of lunatics who fly planes into buildings. It also includes lunatics who meet annually for extremist rhetoric and hors d’oeuvres. Yes, it’s CPAC time again!  If you don’t want the little quiches or the punch, there’s plenty of hypocrisy to go around. Already this year’s CPAC featured both Marco Rubio and Jim DeMint ridiculing President Obama for using teleprompters… while reading off of teleprompters.   Did the scripts include an instruction saying “try not to look directly at the prompter while saying this”?


Yesterday’s big news was that Dick Cheney made a “surprise” visit to CPAC.  Surprise? Really? Ever since he left office, has Dick Cheney ever seen a microphone that he wasn’t drawn to like a moth to a light bulb? All you have to do is put a podium in front of a friendly audience, and Dick Cheney will show up. It’s like “Field of Dreams.” If you build it, he will come… and start lying. The CPAC crowd started yelling “Run, Dick, run!” First of all, that is NOT what you tell a guy who has had five heart attacks. Somebody in the crowd yelled “Cheney in 2012!” That shows there was at least one undercover Democrat in attendance. Believe me, nobody wants Dick Cheney to run for President more than Democrats. I would start a movement to draft Dick Cheney, but then he’s pretty good at avoiding the draft.


Another surprise this year was the attendance of “investigative journalist” James O’Keefe.  It tells you all you need to know about the new generation of conservatives that their biggest idol had to get permission from his parole officer to leave his parents’ house and attend CPAC. For the progressive side, Rachel Maddow was at CPAC. I don’t think she had to check with a parole officer first.


Incidentally, this year CPAC is co-sponsored by the John Birch Society.  I know what you’re thinking… it really makes you kind of wonder what year this is.  You don’t get any nuttier than the John Birch Society. But I’m sure that the new generation of conservatives is going to try.