Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Snakes on a Plane (Bring It)" is the debut single of rock band Cobra Starship from the soundtrack album Snakes on a Plane: The Album. The song also features William Beckett of The Academy Is..., Travis McCoy of Gym Class Heroes and Maja Ivarsson of The Sounds. Also, Nick Wheeler of The All-American Rejects plays guitar (he is not featured in the video and is unofficially credited).

The song gets its title from the 2006 film Snakes on a Plane, and was featured on the film's soundtrack and during the end credits of the film. The music video premiered in the summer of 2006, aptly in time for the premiere of the movie. The video was a quick hit on both the Internet and mainstream media, and is featured in the television commercials promoting the film.

The video shows Travis McCoy, Maja Ivarsson, Gabe Saporta and William Beckett walking through Honolulu International Airport, acting as if they were villains hired by Eddie Kim (the human antagonist of Snakes on a Plane) sneaking snakes on board in their suitcase and guitar case. They are able to pass through security when Ivarsson distracts the airport worker by taking off her jacket. Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy makes a cameo appearance at the 1 minute and 46 seconds mark, talking on a payphone nervously as the band members pass ominously. Samuel L. Jackson (who plays Nevile Flynn, the main protagonist of the movie) also makes a cameo appearance, lowering his shades and eyeing the band members as they pass, then returning to his 100 Bullets comic. He is also seen wearing the unofficial Snakes on a Plane t-shirt designed by webcomic artist Jeffrey Rowland (with snakes flying a plane). The video ends with a sign for South Pacific Airlines Flight 121 as the band boards the plane, the same flight as in the film. The video was actually filmed in Burbank, California.

The soundtrack for the film was released on August 15, 2006. The enhanced portion of the CD contains what was considered the "best of the best" of the amateur Internet creations inspired by the film, including the songs "Snakes on the Brain" by Captain Ahab and "Here Come The Snakes (Seeing Is Believing)" by Louden Swain. The single "Snakes on a Plane (Bring It)" peaked at the 32nd position of Billboard's Hot Modern Rock Tracks in 2006.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

