Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Queen + Paul Rodgers was a collaboration between Brian May & Roger Taylor of Queen and Paul Rodgers (formerly of Bad Company, Free, The Firm and The Law). Guitarist Brian May had previously performed with Paul Rodgers on several occasions, including a performance at the Royal Albert Hall.

It was made clear that Paul Rodgers would not be replacing Queen's former lead singer, Freddie Mercury, who died in 1991, he would simply be "featured with" former Queen members. Former Queen bassist John Deacon declined to participate in the collaboration due to his retirement at the end of the 1990s. The group's three principal members Brian May, Roger Taylor and Paul Rodgers were supplemented on tour by Queen's former touring keyboard player Spike Edney, rhythm guitarist Jamie Moses, and bassist Danny Miranda who had previously worked with Blue Öyster Cult. Throughout their career the band completed 2 world tours, the first studio album for queen in nearly 15 years entitled The Cosmos Rocks, as well as releasing 2 live DVD's and a live album.

Paul Rodgers announced in May 2009 that the Queen + Paul Rodgers collaboration had come to an end, saying "It was never meant to be a permanent arrangement". He did, however, leave open the possibility for future collaborations.

The origins of the collaboration came when Brian May played at the Fender Strat Pack concert in 2004. As he had done so many times before (but beforehand nothing really happened as far as Queen were concerned), he joined Paul Rodgers for a rendition of Free's classic, "All Right Now". After this Brian spoke of a chemistry between the two of them. Following this, Brian invited Paul to play with Queen at their induction to the UK Music Hall of Fame where they played "We Will Rock You", "We Are The Champions" and "All Right Now". Again citing a new excitement with Rodgers, the three announced their world tour in 2005.

A typical set list mainly focused on Queen's best-known hits, with songs such as "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", "We Will Rock You", "We Are the Champions" and "Bohemian Rhapsody". In an interview that was published in the San Jose Mercury News, Paul Rodgers stated that the one song they would not be able play while on tour is "Killer Queen" due to the fact that: "the melodies are just too on the spot." The typical set also included some songs from the back catalogues of Free and Bad Company, such as "All Right Now", "Wishing Well", "Feel Like Making Love", and "Bad Company". Brian May and Roger Taylor sang lead on some songs. May: "Hammer to Fall" (the first part only), "Love of My Life", "'39" (which he sang lead on the studio version originally). Taylor: "Radio Ga Ga" (Both verses and first two choruses), "These Are the Days of Our Lives", "Say It's Not True" (a new song) and "I'm in Love with My Car" (which he sang lead on the studio version originally as well). He would often leave the drum kit (the exception being "I'm in Love with My Car") while a drum machine played on "Radio Ga Ga" and "These Are the Days of Our Lives". For "Say It's Not True", he would be accompanied by auxiliary band members Danny Miranda and Jamie Moses who both played acoustic guitars (except for the 46664 concert, in which Roger was accompanied by Brian and Jamie – which was the only time Brian played guitar on this song during the tour). 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 

