
contact: twinsofleda@gmail.com


October 2008 was a lot more than just the 10th month of a calendar leap year. It in fact birthed one of the most punishing acts the Thunder Bay music scene has embraced since the incarnation of insanely brutal acts that their fair city has to offer. I am of course speaking of the savagely abrasive "TWINS OF LEDA".

In December 2008, one of the local music scene's favorite faces, Aaron Gee, joined forces with founding members Alex Cummins (drums), Terp Price (bass), and Zak Watson (guitar) in his debut as an on stage guitarist, adding a new dynamic to an already unique collection of tight intricate drum beats, chest pounding bass licks, and heavy drudging guitar riffs. His energy helped create the all around entertaining stage show that Twins has embodied over it's 11 months of crushing faces in the scene. But as well as these four strapping lads worked together, there was a piece of the puzzle that just didn't fit.

In July 2009, after a set that was cut short, Alex, Zak, Gee, and Terp decided it was in the ensemble's best interest to part ways with former vocalist Taylor Voth, and so the remaining members of Twins began their search for a new vocalist. They began auditioning without wasting any time. but before any of the other auditions could be held, an unexpected, yet pleasantly surprising occurance took place. Another of the local scene's favorite faces decided to audition for Twins, believing he would add the depth that the band was missing. It was with the addition of the highly talented James Wheeler that the lineup would finally be complete. All it took was a quick jam session in Twins Of Leda's jam space, and the t's and i's crossed and dotted themselves.

Having shared the stage with many highly talented acts such as Misery Signals, Carnifex, Buried Inside, and Arsonists Get All The Girls, TWINS OF LEDA has established itself as a household name here in Thunder Bay, and it won't be long before this hardcore/metal powerhouse tears up the concrete across this great country and makes its collective presence felt. With a crazy stage show, and song titles like "I Knocked A Bitch Up And Out, But Not Necessarily In That Order" it's difficult to imagine that these 5 not-so-gentlemen won't leave their mark in a big, big way.

contact: twinsofleda@gmail.com

~twins of leda~