Cut the Rope


What's new in Version 1.1
-Gorgeous Full Retina Display Graphics!
-Brand new ‘Cosmic Box’ containing 25 extra challenging levels
-New ‘anti-gravity’ feature
-Even cuter Om Nom expressions


A mysterious package has arrived, and the creature inside has only one request…CANDY! Help get the candy to Om Nom, the adorable monster, in this highly innovative and addictive puzzle game. Combining outstanding physics, devilishly tricky levels, and bright colorful visuals, Cut the Rope is one of the most original and fun-filled games on the App Store.


PRESS QUOTES
Cut the Rope is the number one game in the App Store because of it's excellent gameplay value, superb graphics, accurate physics and intuitive gesture controls. - Jason Coe, AppModo

Cut The Rope is one of the best puzzle games out there that is more fun than anything - Trevor Sheridan, App Advice (4/5 MUST BUY)

We’d put it right up there with the best casual games on the App Store– Chris Reed, Slide to Play (4/4 MUST HAVE)

Cut The Rope is centered around a brilliant mix of realistic physics and cartoon slapstick, and it’s an absolute delight.– AppTilt (9/10)


I WANT CANDY!
Cut the Rope combines realistic physics with simple, yet accurate and precise touch controls. Cut the ropes by simply swiping your finger across them and collect the stars by touching them with the candy, but it’s not always simple. Think before you slice and be sure to avoid the enemies and obstacles. Every level is different and getting that candy to Om Nom won’t be easy!


IT’S KNOT GONNA BE A BREEZE
In Cut the Rope you don’t just need to feed Om Nom, in order to get maximum points you will also need to collect three golden stars in each stage. Some are easy, some are deviously difficult; you’re going to have to use your head to get them all-but be quick, some of these stars don’t hang around forever! Dodge jagged spikes that smash your candy to bits, and look out for sneaky spiders intent on having Om Nom’s treat all for themselves! 


STAR PLAYER
Use a variety of special tools in your effort to get Om Nom his candy. Blow candy around in bubbles using special air pumps, catapult your candy across the screen to get to those hard to reach stars, use hidden ropes and special pulleys in your effort to get every star there is! 


THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX, INSIDE THE BOX
Easy to learn and intuitive to play, Cut the Rope is hard to put down. As you progress, Om Nom will jump from one box to another, with more levels to get through. With each new box contains new and even more challenging stars and obstacles, can you make it to the end?


Crystal Leaderboards and Achievements: Players can see how they compare to rope cutters throughout the world via online leaderboards and achievements through Crystal!
Cut the Rope also supports Game Center.