Barney Miller Typical Episode

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1517kbps 
Duration.............: 22:23.989
Resolution...........: 600*458 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
NO SUBTITLES
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barney_Miller
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072472/
 
http://bayimg.com/gapbKaAcO

Barney Miller is a comedy television series set in a New York City police station in Greenwich Village that ran from January 23, 1975 to May 20, 1982 on ABC. It was created by Danny Arnold and Theodore J. Flicker. Noam Pitlik directed the majority of the episodes.

Captain Barney Miller (Hal Linden) tries to remain sane while leading the NYPD's 12th Precinct's detectives: crotchety, nearing-retirement Jewish-American Philip K. Fish (Abe Vigoda); naive, gung-ho but goodhearted Polish-American Det. Stanley "Wojo" Wojciehowicz (Max Gail); ambitious, intellectual, African-American Det. Ronald "Ron" Nathan Harris (Ron Glass); philosophical, wisecracking gambler Japanese-American Nick Yemana (Jack Soo); and dauntless beleaguered Puerto Rican Chano Amanguale (Gregory Sierra). Miller also has to deal with his unapologetically old-school superior, Deputy Inspector Frank Luger (James Gregory), and diminutive and obsequious uniformed Officer Carl Levitt (Ron Carey), who passive-aggressively badgers Miller constantly about being promoted to detective. Amanguale was replaced by intellectual Arthur Dietrich (Steve Landesberg) from the third season on.

The show's focus was split between the detectives' interactions with each other and with the suspects and witnesses they detained, processed, and interviewed. Some typical conflicts and long running plotlines included Miller's frustration with red tape and paperwork, his constant efforts to maintain peace, order, and discipline, and his numerous failed attempts to get a promotion; Harris's preoccupation with outside interests, such as his living arrangements but mainly his novel ("Blood on the Badge"), and his inability to remain focused on his police work; Fish's age-related health issues, marital problems, and reluctance to retire; Wojciehowicz's impulsive behavior and love life; Luger's nostalgia for the old days with partners Foster, Kleiner and Brown; Levitt's quest to become a detective (which was eventually successful); the rivalry between the precinct's resident intellectuals, Harris and Dietrich and continually - but reliably - bad coffee (usually made by Yemana).

Decades after its cancellation, Barney Miller retains a devoted following among real-life police officers, who appreciate the show's emphasis on dialogue and believably quirky characters, and its low-key portrayal of cops going about their jobs. During his appearance on Jon Favreau's Independent Film Channel talk show Dinner for Five, Dennis Farina, who worked as a Chicago policeman before turning to acting, called Barney Miller the most realistic cop show ever seen on television. Hal Linden has told interviewers that he is still occasionally called "Captain" by working police officers.

Season 1, Episode 1: Ramon
Original Air Date—23 January 1975
When a drug addict holds the precinct hostage, Captain Barney Miller has to talk him out of it.
Season 1, Episode 2: Experience
Original Air Date—30 January 1975
A bomber targets the 12th Precinct. Fish contemplates retirement.
Season 1, Episode 3: Snow Job
Original Air Date—6 February 1975
The squad guards a department store payroll. A flasher attempts suicide in the bathroom.
Season 1, Episode 4: Graft
Original Air Date—13 February 1975
Barney's friend is assigned to investigate allegations of corruption in the 12th precinct. Chano pursues an obscene phone caller.
Season 1, Episode 5: The Courtesans
Original Air Date—20 February 1975
A prostitute threatens harassment charges against Wojo. Rachel wants her own apartment.
Season 1, Episode 6: Stakeout
Original Air Date—27 February 1975
Nosy neighbors interfere with a stakeout operation.
Season 1, Episode 7: Bureaucrat
Original Air Date—6 March 1975
Among others, the 12th hosts a drunken bureaucrat and the 12-year-old who robbed Chano's apartment. Wojo forces the precinct's favorite deli closed for minor health code infractions.
Season 1, Episode 8: Ms. Cop
Original Air Date—13 March 1975
An overeager female officer disrupts the all-male squad. Chano arrests an obscene phone caller.
Season 1, Episode 9: Vigilante
Original Air Date—20 March 1975
Inspector Luger visits Barney to complain that the public doesn't dislike his men enough. Wojo arrests a cross-dressing teamster. A neighborhood vigilante is "over the hill."
Season 1, Episode 10: The Guest
Original Air Date—27 March 1975
The Precinct reluctantly guards a Mafia witness. Chano uses his fellow officers' cash reserve to set up a narcotics buy.
Season 1, Episode 11: Escape Artist
Original Air Date—10 April 1975
Barney holds a resourceful escaped prisoner for the FBI. A self-declared "bird-man" drops in. Harris decides to write a novel.
Season 1, Episode 12: Hair
Original Air Date—17 April 1975
A Serpico replica joins the squad temporarily. Bernice discovers that Fish spent the afternoon in a massage parlor.
Season 1, Episode 13: The Hero
Original Air Date—1 May 1975
Chano kills two bank robbers. Liz makes a citizen's arrest of her assailant -- an eight-year-old boy.
