PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 3982A862012BB8F3736446539199B00731E678E4
File Size: 666.47 MB
Label: A&M, Hybrid





Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


New Miserable Experience 1992 (friends CD, forgot to write down catalog #, ripped with TEAC DV-W28E)

Congratulations I’m Sorry 1996 314 540 470-2







Please help seed these FLACs! 






From Wiki:


Gin Blossoms is an alternative rock band formed in 1987, in Tempe, Arizona. They took their name from a photo of W.C. Fields which bore the caption "W.C. Fields with gin blossoms," referring to the actor's gin-ravaged nose. The band released three albums and had several hits in the mid 1990s, before breaking up in 1997. Five years later in 2002, the band reunited, released a DVD, resumed touring, and promised a fourth album. Major Lodge Victory, the Gin Blossoms' first album in ten years, was released on August 8, 2006 on the Hybrid Recordings label.

Members during the band's early years included guitarist and songwriter Doug Hopkins, bassist Bill Leen, vocalist Robin Wilson, guitarist Richard Taylor, drummer Chris McCann, McCann's replacement Dan Henzerling, and Taylor's replacement Jesse Valenzuela. During their early years, the Gin Blossoms became well-known locally around their hometown of Tempe, Arizona. With the band's frequent touring and resulting increase in popularity, the Blossoms also independently recorded their first full-length album, Dusted.

By the early 1990s, the lineup had changed to Leen on bass, Hopkins on guitar, Valenzuela on guitar and vocals, Wilson on vocals and acoustic guitar, and Phillip Rhodes on drums. After being signed with A&M Records, the band began to work on their debut album. Initial attempts to create a major-label record faltered and the band released an EP, Up and Crumbling, instead.

Reflecting on the unpleasant new experience of life in a band under a major record label, Gin Blossoms named their first full-length studio album New Miserable Experience. In February 1992, while still working to complete it, founding member and lead guitarist/songwriter Doug Hopkins drank heavily and grew increasingly stubborn and disillusioned with the process. Faced with the prospect of being dropped by A&M, the band terminated Hopkins and replaced him with Scott Johnson. The album was completed and the first single released from it was Hopkins' song "Hey Jealousy". It would reach #25 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #4 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks, largely fueling the success of New Miserable Experience. However, the achievement would be overshadowed by Hopkins' suicide on December 4, 1993. The following year, another song penned by Hopkins, "Found Out About You", would also reach #25 on the Billboard Hot 100 and climb to #1 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks.

Between their debut and sophomore albums, the Gin Blossoms provided the single "Til I Hear It from You" for the Empire Records soundtrack. It reached #9 on the Billboard Hot 100. Their second major album, Congratulations I'm Sorry, was released in 1996. Yielding one top ten hit, "Follow You Down" - #9 Billboard Hot 100, the album met with mixed reviews.

The Blossoms broke up in the spring of 1997, and each band member moved on to his own project. Vocalist Wilson and drummer Rhodes launched the Gas Giants. Bassist Leen retired from music to operate a rare-book store. Guitarist Valenzuela fronted a short-lived outfit called the Low Watts, released a solo album, and kept busy writing and producing. Wilson ventured into producing as well, at his Mayberry Studios in Tempe, Arizona.

The Gas Giants announced an "indefinite hiatus" in June 2001. On December 4, 2001, it was announced that Scott would leave his current band, Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers, to rejoin the Gin Blossoms. The band regrouped and began playing together again in earnest (having done a couple of one-off shows in the interim) in 2002. In the words of frontman Robin Wilson at the time, "We always said our breakup wasn't forever and right now we're all feeling like we want to be Gin Blossoms again. We make a noise together that we can't make otherwise. We respect and appreciate that we need each other to create that sound. This time we hope to avoid being swallowed by the chaos."[2]

In preparation to the band's official reunion show, Rhodes suffered a meltdown due to his ongoing battle with alcohol.[3] Shortly after entering rehab, he was formally dismissed from the band.[3] Phil Leavitt of dada originally took Rhodes' place in the lineup, and then Gary Smith (of The Pistoleros, another Tempe band) stepped in. Scott Kusmirek took over drumming for the band from 2002 to 2004. In January 2005, it was announced that Rhodes, who had been sober for over two years, would rejoin the band. The re-entry of Rhodes was short-lived, however. The torrent of acrimony that swelled on the band's bulletin board subsequent to Rhodes' termination illustrates the intensity of the conflict. Kusmirek returned to the band, taking Rhodes' place. "The Kooze," as he is affectionately known, served as drummer for the Gin Blossoms until September 30, 2008, when a press release issued by the band explained he and the group parted ways. The current drummer is John Richardson. [4]

The band's latest album, Major Lodge Victory, was originally recorded at Robin Wilson's Mayberry Studios in Tempe. However, the album was then re-recorded at Ardent Studios in Memphis, the same studio at which the band had recorded all of their previous albums, along with other notable groups such as Big Star and The Replacements. Major Lodge Victory was released by Hybrid Recordings on August 8, 2006, and "Learning the Hard Way" was the first single. Major Lodge Victory debuted at number 159 on the Billboard 200 album chart. This was the first time the Gin Blossoms had appeared on the Billboard 200 chart in 10 years, one month, and two weeks.[5]. Gin Blossoms had last appeared on the chart during the week of July 13, 1996, with their previous album, Congratulations… I'm Sorry. Since reuniting, the band has toured at various locations across the United States.

Frontman Robin Wilson is best known for his interaction with the crowd. He often hands off a tamborine to a lucky fan in the front row to strike in sync with the drum beat. He's also been known to sing directly into fans' cell phones during some of their more established hits such as "Follow You Down" and "'Til I Hear It From You". Often during live performances, Wilson will also introduce the band to the audience. He typically calls himself "Bif Del Monte," and introduces Jesse Valenzuela as his brother, "Pablo Del Monte." Former member and co-founder of the band, Doug Hopkins (deceased), was known as "Otis Del Monte," while bass player Bill Leen is known as "Soup-bone Del Monte," and drummer Phillip Rhodes as "Guido Del Monte." These nicknames came from the band's early days playing at local bars around their hometown of Tempe, Arizona. As the story goes, one night the band was set to perform a gig at Long Wong's, a local bar. However, the members were forced to change their names, in order to avoid trouble with the law. The band went on the bill as the Del Montes, and the name stuck.

Gin Blossoms released a live album, Live In Concert, on May 15, 2009. This album contains live recordings of the band's hits such as "Hey Jealousy" and "Follow You Down," as well as recent singles such as "Learning The Hard Way" and "Long Time Gone," and also a live cover of Elton John's "Rocket Man."

Gin Blossoms is currently writing new material, and expects to release a new studio album by mid-2009. The band recently signed a two-album deal with 429 Records, a label under the Savoy Jazz group. 









New Miserable experience 1992


New Miserable Experience is the breakthrough album by pop-rock band the Gin Blossoms, released on August 4, 1992 (see 1992 in music). The album was released to little fanfare and relatively lackluster reviews. However, nearly a year after its release, lead single "Hey Jealousy" ascended into the top 40, with "Found Out About You" following a few months later. The album eventually reached multi-platinum status.

Guitarist Doug Hopkins, the band's primary songwriter, was fired near the conclusion of the recording sessions for the album, ostensibly for his persistent alcohol problems. (His replacement, Scott Johnson, is listed as a member of the band in the liner notes, but did not play on the album.) Just as the album was becoming a success at the end of 1993, Hopkins committed suicide.

New Miserable Experience's initial release contained completely different packaging. The album's original cover artwork depicted the Arizona desert, the background behind which the band began. Songs on the album, such as "Mrs. Rita," a song about a local psychic from the Gin Blossoms' hometown of Tempe, Arizona, were also written with references to the area, people, and events surrounding the band at the time. The majority of songs rely on a melody-driven alternative rock style while the final track, "Cheatin'," leans into country. The album was re-released in its current form in the late summer of 1993, in conjunction with A&M's newfound support of the album.


Tracks: 

1.	"Lost Horizons" (Hopkins) – 3:20
2.	"Hey Jealousy" (Hopkins) – 3:56
3.	"Mrs. Rita" (Swafford, Valenzuela) – 4:25
4.	"Until I Fall Away" (Valenzuela, Wilson) – 3:51
5.	"Hold Me Down" (Hopkins, Wilson) – 4:50
6.	"Cajun Song" (Valenzuela) – 2:56
7.	"Hands Are Tied" (Valenzuela) – 3:17
8.	"Found Out About You" (Hopkins) – 3:53
9.	"Allison Road" (Wilson) – 3:18
10.	"29" (Valenzuela) – 4:18
11.	"Pieces of the Night" (Hopkins) – 4:33
12.	"Cheatin'" (Hopkins, Valenzuela) – 3:25










Congratulations I’m Sorry 1996


Congratulations I'm Sorry was the Gin Blossoms' follow-up album to the successful New Miserable Experience, released in 1996 by A&M records. The album was named in reference to the success of 1992's New Miserable Experience, followed so closely by the suicide of former band member Doug Hopkins in 1993.

Reaction to Congratulations I'm Sorry was mixed, with some critics feeling that the music lay too close to the sound of the previous album. One common complaint was that the album lacked the successful 1995 single "Til I Hear It From You" from the Empire Records soundtrack. The album eventually reached platinum status.
The album's title, according to lead singer Robin Wilson, came from the response band members usually received from people who both wanted to congratulate the band for the success of New Miserable Experience, while then offering apologies for friend and former band member Doug Hopkins, who committed suicide in 1993.


Tracks: 

1.	"Day Job" (Johnson, Leen, Rhodes, Valenzuela, Wilson) – 3:51
2.	"Highwire" (Wilson) – 2:24
3.	"Follow You Down" (Johnson, Leen, Rhodes, Valenzuela, Wilson) – 4:30
4.	"Not Only Numb" (Rhodes, Wilson) – 3:06
5.	"As Long as It Matters" (Rhodes, Valenzuela, Wilson) – 4:31
6.	"Perfectly Still" (Johnson, Leen) – 4:05
7.	"7th Inning Stretch" – 0:14
8.	"My Car" (Valenzuela) – 4:17
9.	"Virginia" (Valenzuela) – 4:02
10.	"Whitewash" (Leen, Wilson) – 3:19
11.	"I Can't Figure You Out" (Valenzuela) – 3:18
12.	"Memphis Time" (Johnson, Valenzuela) – 3:14
13.	"Competition Smile" (Rhodes, Wilson) – 4:47





Enjoy :)
