MP3,HE-AAC, Ipod, Ipad, Iphone: Music Movies m4v, Apple Lossless ALAC, FLAC, Vinyl:      
http://thepiratebay.org/user/konejo7/
		


Ministry of Sound proudly presents Chilled Acoustic, the newest addition to the massively successful Chilled series. This 3CD set takes on a uniquely stripped down, laid back vibe with an acoustic twist.


This collection features a carefully selected tracklist to provide a sublime listening experience, while its broader outlook has allowed for some truly massive names to sign up. Radiohead, Paul Weller, Dido, Corinne Bailey Rae, Adele; artists performing huge acoustic tracks blend seamlessly with established chilled performers Massive Attack, Air, Moby, Morcheeba and Newton Faulkner. Fresh young talent enhances the mix with MGMT, Lily Allen, Empire Of The Sun, Hot Chip, The XX and so many more.


Dig deeper and the connoisseur will delight to see the likes of Kings Of Convenience, Finley Quaye, José González, Phoenix and Sebastian Tellier. Those yet to discover these gems are in for a treat with the diverse experience the album delivers.


track listing

      disc 1
          o 1. Street Spirit (Fade Out) - Radiohead
          o 2. Protection - Massive Attack & Tracey Thorn
          o 3. Sea, The - Morcheeba
          o 4. Playground Love - Air & Gordon Tracks
          o 5. Where Do I Begin - Chemical Brothers (The)
          o 6. Once Around The Block [Andy Votel remix] - Badly Drawn Boy
          o 7. Squares - Beta Band (The)
          o 8. Silver Cruiser - Royksopp
          o 9. Mind Over Money - Turin Brakes
          o 10. Feel AM - Lindstrom & Prins Thomas
          o 11. Private Road - Bent
          o 12. We Have It All The Time In The World - Fun Lovin' Criminals
          o 13. Offshore - Chicane
          o 14. Crazy English Summer - Faithless
          o 15. Jesse - Mother Earth
          o 16. Other World, The - Jakatta
          o 17. Da Feelin' - Nightmares On Wax
          o 18. She's The One - World Party
          o 19. Flutter - Bonobo
          o 20. Wild Wood [live] - Paul Weller
      disc 2
          o 1. Hometown Glory - Adele
          o 2. Here With Me - Dido
          o 3. Like A Star - Corinne Bailey Rae
          o 4. Wires - Athlete
          o 5. In This World - Moby
          o 6. Teardrop - Newton Faulkner
          o 7. Who'd Have Known - Lily Allen
          o 8. Even After All - Finley Quaye
          o 9. Other Side Of The World - K.T. Tunstall
          o 10. Seven Days In Sunny June - Jamiroquai
          o 11. Stay With You - Lemon Jelly
          o 12. Think Twice - Groove Armada
          o 13. Uninvited [Big Ocean acoustic mix] - Freemasons & Bailey Tzuke
          o 14. Days Go By [acoustic] - Dirty Vegas
          o 15. Love Will Tear Up Apart - Jose Gonzalez
          o 16. Mrs. Cold - Kings Of Convenience
          o 17. Single - Everything But The Girl
          o 18. Breathe - Telepopmusik
          o 19. Firesuite - Doves
          o 20. Weather Storm - Craig Armstrong
      disc 3
          o 1. Electric Feel - MGMT
          o 2. Happiness - Goldfrapp
          o 3. Emily's Heart - Jamie T
          o 4. We Are The People - Empire Of The Sun
          o 5. Islands [Blue Nile remix] - XX (The)
          o 6. Silvia - Miike Snow
          o 7. Hands Up To The Ceiling - Tracey Thorn
          o 8. Watch The Sun Come Up [live studio version] - Example
          o 9. Boy From School - Hot Chip
          o 10. If I Ever Feel Better - Phoenix
          o 11. Sunworshipper - Mylo
          o 12. Let Me Go - Nouvelle Vague
          o 13. Scarlet Ribbons - Roisin Murphy
          o 14. Beep Beep Song, The - Simone White
          o 15. This Sweet Song - James Yuill
          o 16. Dixi - Sebastien Tellier
          o 17. Sit Down With Me - Petter & The Pix
          o 18. Tomorrow - Jono McCleery
          o 19. Tears - Cicada
          o 20. Everybody's Got To Learn Sometime - Field (The)



HE-AAC Ipod Ipad Iphone Itunes


Programs: Itunes, Nero show time, Winamp etc.



Note:
Scientific testing by the European Broadcasting Union has indicated that HE-AAC at 48 kbit/s was ranked as "Excellent" quality using the MUSHRA  scale.[7]  MP3 in the same testing received a score less than half that of HE-AAC and was ranked "Poor" using the MUSHRA scale. Data from this testing also indicated that some individuals confused 48 kbit/s encoded material with an uncompressed original.		
