Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no CMT logo and is the second version featuring Jamie Pressly.


"Pray for You" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American singer Jaron Lowenstein, credited to Jaron and the Long Road to Love. It is Lowenstein's first solo single release, following three singles in the duo Evan and Jaron. The song is included on Jaron's debut album, Getting Dressed in the Dark. It is also included in the thirty-fifth edition of Now That's What I Call Music!

The song has had two music videos. The first was directed by Hank Friedmann and aired on January 4, 2010. A second, issued on April 8, 2010 under the direction of Mark Klasfeld, includes a guest appearance from actress Jamie Pressly. The first music video is about a man who gets revenge on his ex-lover over a voodoo web site. The second music video is about a man who lives with this woman who abuses him in multiple ways.

The song has been met with positive reviews. Matt Bjorke of Roughstock called the lyrics "clever" and thought that it was "unique enough lyrically" to be a hit.  Jim Malec of The 9513 gave it a thumbs-up, with his review saying that it "demonstrates a delightful disdain for mainstream protocol–the song is sinister, and that’s a wonderful respite among a seemingly never-ending pipeline of songs that heavy-handedly tell us how to live and what to believe." Brian Mansfield gave a positive review in USA Today. In his review Mansfield called the song "a twisted novelty that combines country's fondness for spiritual themes and relational revenge."

In "Pray for You," the narrator is told to pray for those who have wronged him, so he prays for unfavorable events on his former lover (e.g. "I pray your brakes go out running down a hill").

Jaron told Technorati that the song "wasn't started or pushed by some major label or organization. I would love to take the credit for its success, but honestly this is something fans want and they are the ones calling radio to have them play it."

Jaron David Lowenstein (born in Tucker, Georgia) is an American singer who formerly recorded with his identical twin brother, Evan, in the musical duo Evan and Jaron. As Jaron and the Long Road to Love, he released his debut single, "Pray for You," to country radio in November 2009. This song has reached the Top 20 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and is included on the album Getting Dressed in the Dark.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/