New Adventures of Black Beauty
Series 1, 1990 (Saturdays, ITV Premere 09-01-90)
Episode # in "( )" are ITV episode numbers

Order/filenames based on the USA rebroadcast order.

Will be seeded by me until at least January 16, 2010.


Stacy Dorning (Dr Jenny Gordon-Denning)
William Lucas (Dr James Gordon) 
Amber McWilliams (Vicky Denning)
Gedeon Burkhard (Manfred)
David Bradshaw (Mr Coates)
Ilona Rodgers (Hilda Burton)
Bill Kerr (Samuel Burton)
Andrew Binns (Constable Carmody)

Executive Producer Tom Parkinson
Producer Murray Newey
Theme music by Denis King

101 - The Old World (101)
Guest Stars: Frederick Treves (Lord Fordham)
 Christian Burgess (Nigel Denning)
Nigel Denning returns to his father’s house in England. He brings 
his new wife Jenny Gordon Denning with him. The Dennings want to 
move to New Zealand and take Vicky, Nigel’s 12 years old daughter 
with them. Lord Fordham does not like this idea. He wants to give 
Vicky a traditional education. Vicky meets the old Black Beauty, 
Jenny´s horse, and begins to love him. 

102 – A Horse Like Beauty (118)
Written by Ken Catran
Director John Crome
Guest Star: Frederick Treves (Lord Fordham)
Christian Burgess (Nigel Denning)
Vicky decides to go with Jenny and her dad to New Zealand. Nigel 
takes an earlier ship, this sinks near Singapore. Nigel is missing. 
Jenny and Vicky still want to go and move to New Zealand. On their 
new farm they learn that the animals have been stolen and a young 
man, named Manfred is the only help they can get. By Letter, they 
learn of the death of Jenny's Black Beauty. At the same time outside 
in a storm a unknown beautiful black horse kicks up a fuss. Vicky 
runs to him and he quites down. She names this new friend Black 
Beauty.

103 - Breaking In (102)
Written by Ken Catran
Director John Crome
Black Beauty seems to adore his new friends. Manfred is 
constructing a flight machine. But through an unknown mistake 
he frightens Beauty so much that he runs away. Although Jenny 
doesn’t want to let them go, Vicky and Manfred start a search 
for Beauty. They find him in great danger. After helping him, 
Vicky decides to let Black Beauty go but he comes back to the 
farm. New anger is in the air as Farmer Frank Coates seems to 
be the owner of Black Beauty. 

104 - Ride a Black Horse (103)
Written by Ken Catran
Director John Crome
Guest Star: Tim Raby (Lewis Duncan) Timothy Lee (Bert)
Kate Wood (Ellen) Brook Belcher (Andrew) Peter Tolman (Young Boy)
As Jenny is away Frank Coates comes to the farm with the sheriff 
and takes Black Beauty away. He claims that all of the wild horses 
belong him. Vicky is very sad and wants to sell all things she 
owns, but then follows Jennies advise to work for Frank Coates. 
Even Jenny offers help as she wants to be the animal doctor for 
Coates for one year for free. So the Denning’s hope to get Beauty 
back in good health. But Coates wants a fight between his favorite 
horse Dancer and Black Beauty, an unfair fight. 

105 - Deceptive Appearances (104)
Written by Ken Catran
Director Mike Smith
Guest Star: Frank Whitten (de Marigny)
Tim Raby (Lewis Duncan) Timothy Lee (Bert) Maggie Eyre (Isabel)
Doug Hastings (Sutton) Michelle Hine (Pepper) Arthur Ranford (Salt)
As Vicky is on her regularly post round she sees two mysterious 
men, one is Circus director de Marigny. He tries to buy with 
checks also he and his people camp on Mr. Coates ground. As Vicky 
has a weak moment he steals some of her letters. Later he goes to 
Burton and claims to be the honest finder. But Burton does not 
believe him. As Vicky rides home she meets a woman with several 
spots in the face. She asks Dr. Gordon to look at her but 
Dr. Gordon learns that the spots are false and the woman belongs 
to the circus troup. 

106 - Fear of Water (105)
Written by Ken Catran
Director Mike Smith
Guest Star: Andy Anderson (Captain Pollock)
Vicky and Beauty finds a hurt seaman and a dog on the beach. A 
ship accident happened. The sailor is taken to the Gordon’s farm 
and Manfred takes care for the dog, ignoring Jenny, who warns to 
play with the animal before taking it in quarantine. Captain 
Pollock is worried about the sailor’s health but more for the 
lost ship papers he is searching for with his first officer. 
Vicky and Beauty help and find the papers in some flotsam. In 
Burton's store they read the papers and learn that the dog 
should be smuggled to New Zealand without passing the 
quarantine station first. Manfred is in great danger, the dog 
has rabies. 

107 – Treasure Hunt (106)
Written by Ken Catran
Director Mike Smith
Guest Star: Nick Blake (Fetter) Sam Hollyer (Albert) 
Sean Morrision (William) Derek Ward (Pin)
Manfred and Jenny are on treasure hunt looking for Dooney's Glory 
Hole, a lost gold mine. They find it by falling into it and are 
trapped. Jenny sends Beauty for help who is caught by thieves. After 
Beauty escapes he runs into Jenny who's out looking for the pair. 
Beauty leads her to them as they are climbing out just as the roof 
caves in.

108 - The Birdman (107)
Written by Ken Catran
Director Mike Smith
Guest Star: Michael Hurst (Peterson/Kurt) Rob Jayne (Wakefield)
Tim Raby (Lewis Duncan) Timothy Lee (Bert) Alistair Douglas (Tippett)
As Manfred finishes his flying machine a visiting Mr Peterson is 
spying on him. He makes the mistake of telling slow-witted Wakefield 
that the machine is a 'bad bird' and must be stopped who then 
sabotages it. The damage is only minor and Manfred works non-stop 
to make the repairs. Mr. Peterson turns out to be Manfred's older 
brother Kurt who is there to check up on his brother, wanting to 
find a failure. Vicki goes to the beach to find Manfred for him, 
finding him in a crashed machine that clearly had to had flown.

109 - Different Races (108)
Written by Graeme Farmer
Director John Crome
Guest Star: Jodie Rimmer (Phoebe Trent)
A visiting Phoebe Trent and her mother are really trying to live in
the upper-class of society, even though this is not done in the 
colonies. Phoebe tries to shame Vicki into a race with Black Beauty
which involve rather high rail jumps and a chance of causing physical
damage to Black Beauty. Vicki at first accepts the challange, but
after a heartful discussion with Jenny, she goes to Phoebe and turns
down the race. Phoebe is very cruel in her words to Jenny. Later,
Phoebe shows up at Vicki's home to offer her appology. As Phoebe and
her mother are leaving to return to 'civilization' Vicki gives them
a letter of introduction to Lord Fordham. The mother is quite surprised
that Vicki would even know him and is even more put in her place when
Vicki informs her that he is her grandfather.

110 A Question of Justice (109)
Written by Peter Eyers-Hill & Marya Winstanley
Director Catherine Millar
Guest Star: Hamish McFarlane (Bobby Wilkes) Tim Raby (Lewis Duncan)
A young boy, Bobby Wilkes is accused by Mr Coates of stealing from 
his home. He is arrested but escapes from cusody and while on the 
run is caught in a hunting trap. Vicki finds him and helps him out 
of the trap. She bandages his wound and moves him to a safer place 
on her land. She goes and gets him some food since he refuses to go 
to her house to be treated by her grandfather. On her return she 
runs across Mr Coates who is checking on the sprung trap. She 
demands he leaves the land, even talks Jenny into telling him to 
remove the traps and stay off the land. In the meantime she talks 
to her grandfather about the type of wound the boy received and he 
tells her of some rather desturbing consequences of the infections. 
Jenny tells Vicki that she knows what is going on and they go to 
get him but the young boy has taken off. It's Mr. Coates that finds 
him and takes him to the doctor's house. Mr. Coates says he's 
dropping the charges. Bobby heals quickly and is soon on his way home.

111 Horsepower (110)
Written by Graeme Farmer
Director Catherine Millar
Guest Star: Desmond Kelly (Mr Ronsen)
On delivering a letter to a mining camp Vicki finds work horses being abused.
She gets Jenny to come out and look them over but Mr. Ronsen orders them off
the land. They talk to the constible who says while there is consern and
some law to protect them, people do come first. Manfred offers a new solution
to the problem. He sets up a wind-powered pump. He talks the owner into
letting him try but Manfred runs into a problem when trying to get some of
the parts he needs. Vicki takes the horses and hides them overnight but is 
caught and has to return them. Hilda, being a master blacksmith makes the
part Manfred needs. They set up the windmill pump. the cost to the owner of
the mine is the old work horses.

112 Horse Sense (111)
Written by Graeme Farmer
Director John Crome
Guest Star: Chic Littlewood (Colonel Adair) Jeremy Reagan (Ernie)
Alma Rumsey (Mrs. Chubb) James McCauley (Ronald) Luke Walker (Will)
With Dr Gordon and Vicki going out of town for her schooling that leaves
Manfred to deliver the mail and to look after Black Beauty. Mr. Burton does
not want Manfred doing the job because he's german. Mr. Burton misplaces
an important registered and accuses Manfred of taking it. It does not help
that the intended receipant, Colonel Adair is also against Manfred when he
finds a letter opened. When a second letter is found opened Black Beauty
leads them back to the Coates farm where a make-shift stamp album being
collected by a young worker is found clearing Manfred of one of the charges 
and two young boys find the missing registered letter in Mr. Burton's 
store with the Colonel present.

113 Out of Sight, Out of Mind (117)
Written by Linden Wilkinson
Director Mike Smith
Guest Star: Martyn Sanderson (Michael Patrick O'Riley) 
Elizabeth Pendergrast (Frau Schwarz)
While playing a small trick on Dr Gordon, Vicki causes him to break a lense
on a piece of his equipment. Saying that he now needs to go to the city to
replace it Jenny says they will go the next day as there's people passing 
through that she wanted to visit with. Manfred is helping out by getting
some suitcases down from the loft when a pile of them fall on him hitting 
him in the head. The next day after Dr Gordon and Jenny leave Vicki tells 
him he's expected to fix the roof. Manfred acts very strange and Vicki takes
that as trying to be lazy so she climbs the ladder to the roof. When asking
Manfred to pass a hammer, he acts like he does not understand her and just
takes the ladder down trapping her on the roof. Mr. O'Riley rescues her from
the roof and spins her a tale of ghosts and spirit possessions. She can't
find Manfred anywhere. When she goes to the general store she finds him 
leaving with a strange old lady that two ladies claim is a witch. Vicki
follows to 'rescue' him. He gets hit in the head again and returns to his
normal self. The 'witch' is just a lonely German lady, whom Manfred had
befriended because she could only speak German.

114 Deception (119)
Written by Jon Gadsby
Director Catherine Millar
Guest Star: Claire Chitham (Feona McKella)
Paul Gittins (Dan McKella) Bill Johnson (The Tinker)
Vicki leads Feona out for a ride on one of Mr Coates horses that he's about
to have auctioned off. He see them and runs up to them. He's got a large 
number of cans tied to his horse and that spooks the horse that Feona is on.
Vicki and Beauty chase after her and stops the runaway horse. Mr Coates orders
her to return the horse. Vicki's family is angry for her part in this and
Feona's father is also angry but realizes that all she wanted to do is learn
to ride better. He tells her he will try to get the horse at the auction.
Mr Coates has his eye on some sheep being auctioned as does Mr. McKella. Mr.
Coates talks Mr Burton into trying to talk Mr McKella out of bidding on the
sheep but it does not work. Mr Coates win the sheep auction but can't pay up
so it defaults to Mr McKella. He has to pay more than he wanted and could not
afford the horse. But it was the Tinker who purchased the horse and the pots
and pans on the wagon scares the horse so badly that the Tinker agrees to 
sell the horse to Feona if he gets the money. Vicki rides off to find Mr McKella
and they arrive just in time to pay the Tinker.
