Brought to you by: musicthroughscience d0t com


My newest house mix contains some of my favourite tracks of this year.  I was fooling around with the intro and used a new release from a DJ named Maetrik.  It is un-fucking-real!  I've been playing it the last couple weeks and I can't get it out of my head.  There are a couple good remixes of it out there so look to hear it again in one of my future mixes.  I'll also give mention to the Claude Von Stroke track "Vocal Chords".....amazing track and a bit different then everything that's going around these days.  I love it. 

Well that's that!  Hope you enjoy my newest mix and stay tuned for more.  I'm already working on House Mix IX and expecting it to be completed by mid to end of March.  See you then!  Go Canada Go!


Cheers,

n.a.K.

You can check out all my house mixes at musicthroughscience d0t com


Track Listing 

Intro – Fitter Happier.....Treefingers
Maetrik - Paradigm House (Original Mix)                                                                         
360, Nuno Dos Santos & Patrice Baumel - Neon One (Original Mix)                     
Kid Dub & Dextress - Perverted Ways (Miles Dyson's Dominatrix Mix)           
Saeed Younan - Yeah Ha (Original Mix)                                                                           
EDX - Premiumline (Original Mix)                                                                               
Claude VonStroke - Vocal Chords (Original Mix)                                                   
Depeche Mode - Hole To Feed (Popof Vocal Mix)                                                        
Buy Now - For Sale (Sebastian Ingrosso & Steve Angello Mix)                         
EDX - Party of Politics (Original Club Mix)                                                               
DJ Chus & Rob Mirage - Back 2 NY (Original Mix)                                                  
Marc Adamo & Tim Healey - Ghetto Blaster (Calvertron Remix)                     
Paul Thomas - Sunrise (Hy2rogen & Fr3cky Remix)                                             
Deadmau5 & Chris Lake - I Said (Michael Woods Remix)                                    
Pitto - Feelin' (Original Mix)                                                                                              


Total Track Time
1:19:55 
                                                                                                                                                                                     
Track Info
320kbps MP3
44100Hz
Stereo
