In this collection i have provided the Covers and CD JPegs
And i turned all 10 tracks into 1.. 

This is mainly for the peeps who listen to it from beginning to end... Sure as i do all the time..(In the car)
i just got sick of the Gaps that MP3 happily creates...

Recorded CDRip MP3 VBRV0 3.99a Lame 

Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
Cheers, Bubanee..

The Dark Side of the Moon is the sixth studio album by English progressive rock group Pink Floyd, and was released in March 1973. The concept album built on ideas explored by the band in their live shows and earlier recordings, but it lacks the extended instrumental excursions that characterised their work following the departure in 1968 of founding member, principal composer, and lyricist Syd Barrett. The Dark Side of the Moon's themes include conflict, greed, the passage of time and mental illness, the latter partly inspired by Barrett's deteriorating mental state.

The album was developed as part of a forthcoming tour of live performances, and it premièred several months before studio recording began. The new material was further refined during the tour and was recorded in two sessions in 1972 and 1973 at Abbey Road Studios in London. The group used some of the most advanced recording techniques of the time, including multitrack recording and tape loops. Analogue synthesisers were given prominence in several tracks, and a series of recorded interviews with staff and band personnel provided the source material for a range of philosophical quotations used throughout. Engineer Alan Parsons was directly responsible for some of the most notable sonic aspects of the album, including the non-lexical performance of Clare Torry.

The Dark Side of the Moon was an immediate success, topping the Billboard 200 for one week. It subsequently remained in the charts for 741 weeks from 1973 to 1988, longer than any other album in history. With an estimated 45 million copies sold, it is Pink Floyd's most commercially successful album and one of the best-selling albums worldwide. It has twice been remastered and re-released, and has been covered by several other acts. It spawned two singles, "Money" and "Us and Them". In addition to its commercial success, The Dark Side of the Moon is one of Pink Floyd's most popular albums among fans and critics, and is frequently ranked as one of the greatest rock albums of all time.

Tracks that have been turned into 1


1. 	"Speak to Me"   	
2. 	"Breathe"   
3. 	"On the Run"   
4. 	"Time"
5. 	"The Great Gig in the Sky"   	
6. 	"Money"   
7. 	"Us and Them"  
8. 	"Any Colour You Like"   	
9. 	"Brain Damage"   	
10. 	"Eclipse"