Here are 9 of the Audio Books for children from Susan Hammond's Classical Kids.

Learn about Famous Classical Musicians and their personal stories set to background music composed by them!

Amazon review:
Tchaikovsky Discovers American, along with the other Classical Kids titles, are a delightful way to introduce young children to classical music and composers. The engaging stories on the tapes are filled with the music of the composers but the music and stories are so well intertwined that the children learn the music by osmosis as they listen to the stories over and over. My young children are forever recognizing the music of "Mr. Tchaikovsky" and "Mr. Vivaldi" as a result of repeated exposure to the Classical Kids series. The Tchaikovsky work in particular has made my very active 5 year old son a devoted fan of The Nutcracker which he sat through beautifully at Lincoln Center in New York last year.

Publisher Review
The award-winning Classical Kids series introduces children -- and adults -- to the joys of classical music. A dramatic story, a little bit of history and the world's best-loved classical music set the scene for these fun-filled musical adventures.

Mr. Bach, a magic orchestra and boys choir surprise young Elizabeth as she practices at the piano. The series' premiere recording opens with the launch of Bach's music into space aboard the Voyager II spacecraft. Mr. Bach magically arrives and reminisces about his life and music; his twenty children, his time in jail and his devotion to the church. Not until the very end does he reveal the reason for his visit, "Every time my music is played... I am alive."

More than 28 musical excerpts include Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring, Brandenburg Concerto #5, Air on the G-string, Flute Sonatas and Badinerie, Goldberg Variations, minuets and preludes, organ music and Cantata #78.

Awards: American Library Association Notable Children's Recording, Parent's Choice Gold Award, Parent's Choice Classic Award (The Classical Kids Collection), Award of Excellence Film Advisory Board, Practical Home Schooling Reader Award Music Curriculum Category, Certified Platinum Recording (Canada) 


ALBUMS INCLUDED IN THIS TORRENT ARE:

1. Beethoven Lives Upstairs
2.  Daydreams and Lullabies
3.  Hallelujah Handel
4.  Mozart's Magic Fantasy
5.  Mozart's Magnificent Voyage
6.  Mr. Bach Comes to Call
7.  Song of the Unicorn (A Merlin Tale)
8.  Tchaikovsky Discovers America
9.  Vivaldi's Ring of Mystery

This is almost the complete collection.

Please seed!  

LOVE YOUR EXCLUSIVE HOMESCHOOL TORRENT UL'ER:  CEZEN