The Corrs - Best Of The Corrs (2001) [LOSSLESS FLAC][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]



The Corrs - Best Of The Corrs


by RDaneel









[::Album Information::]

Title: Best Of The Corrs
Years: 2001
Genre: Irish Folk - Celtic Rock
Production: 143 Records - Lava - Atlantic




[::Tracklist::]


1. Would You Be Happier? (The Corrs) - 3:26
2. So Young (K-Klass Remix) (The Corrs) - 4:14
3. Runaway (The Corrs) - 3:47
4. Breathless (The Corrs, R.J.Lange) - 3:27
5. Radio (Unplugged) (The Corrs) - 4:15
6. What Can I Do (Tin Tin Out Remix) (The Corrs) - 4:15
7. The Right Time (The Corrs) - 4:08
8. I Never Loved You Anyway (The Corrs, C.B.Sager) - 3:54
9. Irresistible (The Corrs, R.J.Lange) - 3:40
10. Forgiven, Not Forgotten (The Corrs) - 4:17
11. Lough Erin Shore (Unplugged) (Trad. - Arr. by The Corrs) - 4:29
12. Only When I Sleep (The Corrs, Leiber, Peterson, Shanks) - 3:51
13. Love To Love You (The Corrs) - 3:23
14. All The Love In The World (Remix) (The Corrs, R.J.Lange) - 3:56
15. Everybody Hurts (Unplugged) (Berry, Buck, Mills, Stipe) - 5:49
16. Give Me A Reason (The Corrs) - 3:30
17. Dreams (S.Nicks) - 4:01
18. Make You Mine (The Corrs, D.Foster) - 3:15





[::Review::]

The Corrs are a Celtic folk rock group from Dundalk, Ireland. The group consists of the Corr siblings: Andrea (lead vocals, tin whistle); Sharon (violin, vocals); Caroline (drums, percussion, bodhrán, vocals); and Jim (guitar, keyboards, vocals).
The Corrs came to international prominence with their performance at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia and their support of Celine Dion on her 1996 Falling into You Tour. Since then, they have released five studio albums and numerous singles, which have reached platinum in many countries. Talk on Corners, their most successful album to date, reached multi-platinum status in Australia and the UK.
The Corrs have been actively involved in philanthropic activities. They have performed in numerous charity concerts such as the Prince's Trust in 2004 and Live 8 alongside Bono in 2005. The same year, they were awarded honorary MBEs for their contributions to music and charity. The Corrs are on hiatus because Jim and Caroline are raising families, while Andrea and Sharon are pursuing solo careers.
While Caroline and Andrea were still attending school, Jim and Sharon began playing as a duo, often at their aunt's pub, McManus's. In 1990, Jim and Sharon added their younger siblings to their existing duo, to form a quartet. Their career took off in 1991 when they auditioned for the film The Commitments. Jim, Sharon, and Caroline each had small parts as musicians, while Andrea had a speaking part as Sharon Rabbitte. John Hughes noticed them when they auditioned for the movie, and agreed to become their manager.
In 1994, the American ambassador to Ireland, Jean Kennedy Smith, invited them to perform at the 1994 FIFA World Cup in Boston after seeing them play a gig at Whealans Music Bar in Dublin. After an appearance at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, The Corrs joined Celine Dion's worldwide Falling into You Tour as a supporting act.
Jason Flom, Atlantic Records' vice director and producer, recommended that they meet with David Foster, a Canadian musician, producer, composer and arranger. The Corrs played live for Foster and he agreed to sign them to Atlantic Records. They extended their stay in the US for over five months to record their debut album, Forgiven, Not Forgotten. Forgiven, Not Forgotten featured six instrumental selections among its Celtic-influenced tracks. The album sold well in Ireland, Australia, Japan, Norway and Spain. Major success in the US and the UK, however, was not immediately forthcoming. Eventually, the album reached platinum status in the UK and Australia, and quadruple platinum in Ireland, making it one of the most successful debuts by an Irish group.
The Corrs' next album, 1997's Talk On Corners, was produced by Glen Ballard, who was respected for his collaboration with Alanis Morissette. The Corrs also collaborated with Carole Bayer Sager, Oliver Leiber, Rick Nowels, and Billy Steinberg. The album met with lukewarm responses and was only successful in Ireland.
The Corrs performed a special remixed version of the tracks from their first two albums in a televised St. Patrick's Day appearance at London's Royal Albert Hall in 1998. After the performance, the band re-released Talk on Corners, with new remixes of "What Can I Do?", "So Young" and "Runaway". The special edition topped the charts worldwide, and again reached multi-platinum status in the UK and Australia.
Andrea playing the tin whistle during Céline Dion's My Heart Will Go On at the 1998 Pavarotti and Friends concert
In June 1998, The Corrs participated in the Pavarotti and Friends for the Children of Liberia charity concert. The concert was held in Modena, Italy and was hosted by Luciano Pavarotti. Other performers included Jon Bon Jovi, Céline Dion, Spice Girls and Stevie Wonder. The concert aimed to raise money to build the Pavarotti and Friends Liberian Children's Village, to provide refuge for children in Liberia.
The following year, The Corrs received a BRIT Award for Best International Band. They performed live on MTV's Unplugged on 5 October 1999 at Ardmore Studios, Co. Wicklow, Ireland. The resulting CD and DVD sold 2.7 million copies and featured live performances of previously released songs, plus a new song, "Radio", later featured on their third album, In Blue.In 2000, The Corrs returned to mainstream success with their third album. Unlike their previous albums, In Blue moved towards mainstream pop. This move attracted criticism from many; one Entertainment Weekly critic called it "a disheartening example of musical ethnic cleansing". Despite this, In Blue hit number one in its first sales week in the UK, Ireland, Australia, Germany, Switzerland, and Austria and debuted at #2 in France and Norway. It climbed to the top spot during its second week in Sweden and Spain.
The Corrs worked with Alejandro Sanz on In Blue, recording "Una Noche (One Night)", a duet between Sanz and Andrea Corr; Sanz played Andrea's love interest in the music video. In return, The Corrs performed "Me Iré (The Hardest Day)" with him on his album, El Alma Al Aire. The Corrs collaborated with Robert Lange to produce a mainstream hit single, "Breathless", which reached number 34 in the Billboard Hot 100, number seven in Australia, number three in Ireland and New Zealand, and topped the charts in the UK. The album went straight to number one in the Irish Albums Chart, the third highest single-week sales in the history of the charts, behind U2’s The Best of 1980-1990 and Oasis' Be Here Now. In Blue achieved platinum sales in the US, double platinum in the UK, and quadruple platinum in Australia. During the production of the album, the Corrs' mother, Jean, died while waiting for a lung transplant. She was laid to rest at St. Patrick's cemetery in Dundalk, and Bono, Larry Mullen, Brian Kennedy and Paul Brady were among the congregation at the funeral. "No More Cry", written by Andrea and Caroline Corr for the album, was written to help their father get over his grief. In 2001, The Corrs released their first compilation album, Best of The Corrs. The album featured previously released songs and new tracks, such as the singles "Would You Be Happier", "Make You Mine" and "Lifting Me". The album did not chart highly in Ireland but reached platinum status in Australia. The Corrs collaborated with Josh Groban, recording Canto Alla Vita, for his eponymous debut album.
When the band returned to Ireland, they hosted another live concert at Ardmore Studios, where they previously performed for the MTV's Unplugged series. Guest performers included Bono from U2 and Ronnie Wood from the Rolling Stones. During the concert, Bono joined Andrea Corr for a duet of Nancy Sinatra's "Summer Wine" and a performance of Ryan Adams' "When the Stars Go Blue". Ronnie Wood joined the band onstage to play guitar on their version of Jimi Hendrix's "Little Wing" and the Rolling Stones' "Ruby Tuesday". These performances were recorded and compiled on a live album, VH1 Presents: The Corrs, Live in Dublin, which was released in the UK.