Audio CD (2 Oct 2000)
Number of Discs: 1
Label: Sanctuary
ASIN: B00Audio CD (2 Oct 2000)


This album is possibly the best John Hiatt has ever recorded and goes back to the roots of his music. Stripped down minimalist sound that highlights the genius of his songwriting. Basically, it's a few great musicians playing great songs,it don't get much better. David Immergluck plays a strong role as the talented multi-instrumentalist and John Hiatt has had to learn to live without this great musician who has gone on to join The Counting Crows as a full-time member. If you like songs that are played with heart and soul by 3 guys, guitar and vocals/mandolin/double bass and kick drum then this is for you. You'll be hooked from the first mandolin riff on thThis album is possibly the best John Hiatt has ever recorded and goes back to the roots of his music. Stripped down minimalist sound that highlights the genius of his songwriting. Basically, it's a few great musicians playing great songs,it don't get much better. David Immergluck plays a strong role as the talented multi-instrumentalist and John Hiatt has had to learn to live without this great musician who has gone on to join The Counting Crows as a full-time member. If you like songs that are played with heart and soul by 3 guys, guitar and vocals/mandolin/double bass and kick drum then this is for you. You'll be hooked from theThis album is possibly the best John Hiatt has ever recorded and goes back to the roots of his music. Stripped down minimalist sound that highlights the genius of his songwriting. Basically, it's a few great musicians playing great songs,it don't get much better. David Immergluck plays a strong role as the talented multi-instrumentalist and John Hiatt has had to learn to live without this great musician who has gone on to join The Counting Crows as a full-time member. If you like songs that are played with heart and soul by 3 guys, guitar and vocals/mandolin/double bass and kick drum then this is for you. You'll be hooked from the first mandolin riff on thThis album is possibly the best John Hiatt has ever recorded and goes back to the roots of his music. Stripped down minimalist sound that highlights the genius of his songwriting. Basically, it's a few great musicians playing great songs,it don't get much better. David Immergluck plays a strong role as the talented multi-instrumentalist and John Hiatt has had to learn to live without this great musician who has gone on to join The Counting Crows as a full-time member. If you like songs that are played with heart and soul by 3 guys, guitar and vocals/mandolin/double bass and kick drum then this is for you. You'll be hooked from the first mandolin riff on the first track 'Lincoln Town'.e first track 'Lincoln Town'.

All tracks written by John Hiatt
"Lincoln Town" – 4:03
"Crossing Muddy Waters" – 4:05
"What Do We Do Now" – 2:58
"Only The Song Survives" – 4:00
"Lift Up Every Stone" – 3:15
"Take It Down" – 4:00
"Gone" – 2:57
"Take It Back" – 3:04
"Mr. Stanley" – 3:33
"God's Golden Eyes" – 2:28
"Before I Go" – 3:34

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

pleases seed
