This music qualifies as "envelope pushing" neo-bebop very much in the "pure jazz" realm.

------------------------------------------------------------------

The band on this tyre-shredding session played Ronnie Scott's, London, in September of 2002 - and three months later its powerful saxophonist Bob Berg was gone, killed in a road accident. Berg's loss makes the burning energy of this music all the more telling.

The newly-formed quartet, led by vibraphonist Joe Locke, gets off to a dramatic start that promises to take the usual scattershot methods of neo-bop to far more interesting destinations. The music here is presented as two suites, the first in seven parts and bearing the band's name.

That title is drawn from the musical notions of melody, rhythm, harmony and form. But it can as easily convey the notion of freedoms emerging from the mature identities of four equal-status players. James Genus and Gary Novak on bass and drums join Locke and Berg, and there's a bonus in the guest presence of the subtle and equally technically formidable British trumpeter Gerard Presencer.

Gary Novak's scalding drumming sustains a restless dynamism; Genus mingles a luxurious tone with fresh, agile and provocative bass phrasing; Locke has both a traditional vibes-player's rich glow and a guitarist's crisp attack; and Berg combines a guttural Coltranesque tenor thunder with something close to Wayne Shorter's lateral delicacy. The latter characteristic particularly emerges in the episodes of slow playing, but Berg's saxophone had taken on a singing, impassioned quality that was softening the impassive fierceness of his sound in earlier years, so that muscular lyricism is a powerful presence throughout. The melodies are not always up to the playing, but as 21st-century straightahead jazz, it can't be beat. 

Reviewed by: John Fordham
-----------------------------

This was Bob's last session before his tragic death in December of 2002. The unbelievable Gary Novak (also a member of Bob's last quartet) is along for the ride. Enjoy...

Tracks:

4 WALLS OF FREEDOM SUITE:

01. Movement #1 - Surfacing
02. Movement #2 - Prayer
03. Movement #3 - Searching
04. Movement #4 - Ballet of the Storni
05. Movement #5 - Helping Hands
06. Movement #6 - Look To This Day

07. Crescent Street

SUITE DI MORFEO:

08. Movement #1 - Now I Lay Me Down
09. Movement #2 - Now in Darkness I Dream
10. Movement #3 - Waking Now, I Wonder

Lineup:

Joe Locke - Vibes, Midi Vibes, Marimba
Bob Berg - Tenor Saxophone
James Genus - Acoustic Bass
Gary Novak - Drums

Special Guest:

Gerard Presencer - Flugelhorn

Roadtest Download courtesy of fusionsnob

High Quality 320mpbs iTunes compatible ACC audio files

And remember to SUPPORT THE ARTISTS!!! If you really like it BUY IT! Also see the artist's live shows and tell all your friends about it!