Microsoft.Casino.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


Microsoft Casino features replications of three authentic Las Vegas casinos: the Bellagio, Treasure Island, and the Mirage. The game features ten gambling games including Baccarat, video poker, blackjack, Caribbean Stud Poker, craps, video Keno, Pai Gow Poker, roulette, slots, and the Big 6 Wheel.

The individual hotels feature their own in-house betting levels. For instance, the one-armed bandits at Treasure Island are nickel slots, while the Bellagio caters to five-dollar bets. A Vegas-style lounge soundtrack adds to the ambience as you play against animated opponents for table game's stakes or in tournament play. Each computer-controlled player comes with unique dialogue, complete with accents and individual exclamations.

Additional gameplay is offered through the Casino Challenge, hosted by Danny Gans, with stakes getting higher and competition tougher as you work your way through the casinos. Free play, in-game presentations of famous shows and landmarks, and complimentary free drinks, hotel suites and meals add to the "feel" of this Las Vegas simulation. 

Out of the many casino games available for the PC, Microsoft Casino is one of a few that actually does a good job of capturing the essence of Las Vegas casinos. This is because each casino has an introductory screen featuring actual pictures of the location. Inside, each casino looks similar, if not identical, and features its own variety of games. High rollers will make their way to the Bellagio, while those who enjoy nickel slots will head for Treasure Island.

At the beginning of the game, you choose a name, an animated persona, and the amount of your bankroll, ranging from a thousand to a million dollars. After the preliminaries, you can select which of the three casinos you want to visit for your gambling adventure. Assuming one already knows how to play the various games of chance, gameplay from this point is straightforward. For those not familiar with gambling rules, the documentation and in-game guides provide details about the games, how to bet, and a bit of strategy.

A rather interesting aspect that developer Glass Eye Entertainment adds to the casino experience is the complimentary amenities. If you play or win enough at any given table, occasionally a screen will pop up stating you've earned a complimentary hotel room, meal, drinks, and so forth. There's also a player's club card on your table of chips that you can click to see how many and what comps you've earned at each particular casino. By adding this element, the overall emulation of the Las Vegas experience is nicely enhanced.

With all of these aspects, the game comes as close to Vegas-style gambling as any computer game can, short of actual online gambling. Nonetheless, it would be nice to see the slots section developed a bit further so players are offered multiple pay lines. Aside from that, the slot machines in the game look and sound authentic and respond realistically.

The graphics, while decent, aren't particularly glamorous, but they perhaps don't need to be to capture the intended audience. Nonetheless, the graphics are still superior to a number of casino gambling games on the market, based primarily on the quality of the animated players and individual games. The interface is smooth and bug-free, providing seamless gameplay along with relatively easy-to-understand navigation.

While it's presumably easy to throw together a virtual gambling experience with a generic random number generator behind the graphical interface, Glass Eye Entertainment has taken extra steps to try and make the experience feel realistic. To that end, Microsoft Casino is as close as you can get without booking a flight and losing your life savings in "Lost Wages," Nevada. 


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game Then Copy Crack Content Folder To Install Directory
Overwriting Original "mscasino.exe"

Then Play Game


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED



