RELEASE DATE : 22-09-2010              PROTECTION : Steam
GAME TYPE    : RPG                    DISKS      : 2 DVD

Deceived by the forces of evil into prematurely bringing about
the end of the world, War - the first Horseman of the
Apocalypse - stands accused of breaking the sacred law by
inciting a war between Heaven and Hell. In the slaughter that
ensued, the demonic forces defeated the heavenly hosts and
laid claim to the Earth.

Brought before the sacred Charred Council, War is indicted for
his crimes and stripped of his powers. Dishonored and facing
his own death, War is given the opportunity to return to Earth
to search for the truth and punish those responsible.

Hunted by a vengeful group of Angels, War must take on the
forces of Hell, forge uneasy alliances with the very demons he
hunts, and journey across the ravaged remains of the Earth on
his quest for vengeance and vindication.

Apocalyptic Power - Unleash the wrath of War, combining brutal
attacks and supernatural abilities to decimate all who stand
in your way

Extreme Arsenal - Wield a devastating arsenal of angelic,
demonic and Earthly weapons and blaze a trail of destruction
atop Ruin, War's fiery phantom steed

Epic Quest - Battle across the wastelands and demon-infested
dungeons of the decimated Earth in your quest for vengeance
and redemption

Character Progression - Uncover powerful ancient relics,
upgrade your weapons, unlock new abilities, and customize your
gameplay style

Battle Heaven and Hell - Battle against all who stand in your
way - from war-weary angelic forces to Hell's hideous demon
hordes

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on DVD2 to
main installation folder and overwrite

Additional Notes:

Our brand new steam installer is included with this release.
Keep in mind when using it, that if you mount DVD1 as P: drive
then DVD2 has to be mounted as P: too during install.

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy
