The Band DarkSoul was founded in 2001 with the purpose to show BlackMetal from another side. 
After losing several Bandrooms, lineup changes and a 2 year break DarkSoul came up 2007 with the current lineup and with completely new song material. 
In 2009 our first album Dethroned Mankind, produced completely in self direction, will be published. 
DarkSoul unites catchy melodies, succinct solos and grooving double bass parts, but also typical blastbeats with brutal guitarsound.

Current line-up 
Havoc - Vocals, Guitar
Rahl - Guitar
LostSoul - Bass
Unexistence - Drums 

Review translated from German:

When the current slice of "Dark Soul" from Schwäbisch Gmünd fluttered into the house, I was very curious and full of tension, as for me as expected. The first impression of the dark horse was really good and the cover can imagine Large - Pink Floyd and other founding fathers had similar cover! Well, the drawing style is not always close to the music and the genre. I found it just on. 

But erst'mal to the musical acts of the 4 but still very young musicians. 
"Dethroned Mankind" contains 7 songs and a playing time of just over 45 minutes and is available from the 14/11/2009 for a mere € 7 available. Yes, imagine 7 songs and about 45 minutes - this makes an already that are probably not here 2:55 min tracks. And so it is. All the songs have a maturity 5 to 9 minutes. And that is one of my problems with this work. Actually, the band is bursting with ideas, variety and playfulness. However, even this a little monotonous, and at the end of some songs you want to ease a little more directness, shorter, more concise and catchy songs. But, once again. 

The CD starts with the approximately 2-minute intro "The End of Human Era" - very quiet, dignified, clean guitar, melodic and really catchy. Almost to dream. With the title track "Dethroned Mankind" will then be brought back to reality. Loud shouting, fast, drifting, and brachial Geknüppel - typical black metal riffing flat. This white, coupled with the recurring melodic parts and liked the catchy Cris singing. About half, there's a relatively short, very cool, catchy part and then it's already all over again. And from here the song is somewhat monotonous and pointless. There's nothing new to discover. The next song "Darkest Rapture" has a very rocking intro and this rocking touch runs through the whole song. Otherwise, it behaves similarly to "Dethroned Mankind". Fast, brutal stick parts with quiet, almost atmospheric parts. "Death March" is typical of the style then perhaps the track on this album. So and so similar that runs through the entire album. Generally not bad - good ideas - good implementation, but are just getting stale. 

"Onwards to Hell" and "My Way of Sorrow" are in fairly similar garment, therefore, a constant alternation between fast and slower parts Blast melodies. Apart from doing this song parts to run a bit too long is all good ear. 
With "On murderous Steps" is the work of his 9-minute late to adopt the boys but not used in its predecessors, without any ideas happen again Revue permit. So you can find the last song melodies with rock rhythms, BM-back parts and slow guitars. 
The drawback of this disc is its long-windedness, which unfortunately does not provide for short while partially. Even the singer was not able to fully convince. But all this is doing the very positive impression but not diminish, so that you Dethroned Mankind in general can be described as a very successful work.

Genre = Black Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
1. The End of Human Era 
2. Dethroned Mankind 
3. Darkest Rapture 
4. Deathmarch 
5. Onwards to Hell 
6. My Way of Sorrow 
7. On murderous Steps 