Love for All and Sharing is the first step to solving all the problems of humanity.

Websites I want to share.

    
http://www.shareintl.org/

    
http://www.lightmiddleway.com


Thank you very much

No credit for me...credit to EVERYONE for sharing
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/raymondhome/

PLOT
In the fall of 1979, Sam Raimi and his merry band headed into the woods of rural Tennessee to make a movie. They emerged with a roller coaster of a film packed with shocks, gore, and wild humor, a film that remains a benchmark for the genre. Ash (cult favorite Bruce Campbell) and four friends arrive at a backwoods cabin for a vacation, where they find a tape recorder containing incantations from an ancient book of the dead. When they play the tape, evil forces are unleashed, and one by one the friends are possessed. Wouldn't you know it, the only way to kill a "deadite" is by total bodily dismemberment, and soon the blood starts to fly. Raimi injects tremendous energy into this simple plot, using the claustrophobic set, disorienting camera angles, and even the graininess of the film stock itself to create an atmosphere of dread, punctuated by a relentless series of jump-out-of-your-seat shocks. The Evil Dead lacks the more highly developed sense of the absurd that distinguish later entries in the series--Evil Dead 2 and Army of Darkness--but it is still much more than a gore movie. It marks the appearance of one of the most original and visually exciting directors of his generation, and it stands as a monument to the triumph of imagination over budget.

Director Sam Raimi's first film has achieved legendary status since its 1982 release, and for good reason.

IMDb RATING: 7.6/10 (43,871 votes)

Run Time: 85 minutes
Format: Anamorphic, Closed-captioned, Color, Dolby, DTS Surround Sound, DVD, THX, Widescreen, NTSC
Language: English (DTS 5.1), English (THX Surround EX),French
Special Features:
Behind the scenes footage and outtakes
Poster and stills gallery
TV spots

credit Infectious (JDPennington) BIG BIG BIG TIME & to all the people who made it possible for us to share this...especially EVERYONE involve in the production of the movie...IF YOU LIKE IT...BUY IT :)

*****help what we can with others in need...the world is ONE big family*****