Title: Chanel Coco & Igor Stravinsky aka Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky
Year: 2009 
Country: France
Language: French and Russian and English 
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,39 GB 
Genre: Drama / Romance  
Runtime: 120 min
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3 
IMDB Rating: 6.5/10 (312 votes) 
Directed by: Jan Kounen
Starring: Anna Mouglalis ...  Coco Chanel 
 Mads Mikkelsen ...  Igor Stravinsky 
 Yelena Morozova ...  Catherine Stravinsky 
 Natacha Lindinger ...  Misia Sert 
 Grigori Manukov ...  Sergeï Diaghilev  
 Radivoje Bukvic ...  Grand Duke Dimitri  
 Nicolas Vaude ...  Ernest Beaux 
 Anatole Taubman ...  Arthur 'Boy' Capel 
 Erick Desmarestz ...  Le médecin  
 Clara Guelblum ...  Milène Stravinsky 
 Maxime Daniélou ...  Théodore Stravinsky 
 Sophie Hasson ...  Ludmilla Stravinsky 
 Nikita Ponomarenko ...  Soulima Stravinsky 
 Catherine Davenier ...  Marie 
 Olivier Claverie ...  Joseph 

IMDB: 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1023441/

Synopis: Paris 1913. Coco Chanel is infatuated with the rich and handsome Boy Capel, but she is also compelled by her work. Igor Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring is about to be performed. The revolutionary dissonances of Igor's work parallel Coco's radical ideas. She wants to democratize women's fashion; he wants to redefine musical taste. Coco attends the scandalous first performance of The Rite in a chic white dress. The music and ballet are criticized as too modern, too foreign. Coco is moved but Igor is inconsolable. Paris 1920, Coco is newly wealthy and successful but grief-stricken after Boy's death in a car crash. Igor, following the Russian Revolution is now a penniless refugee living in exile in Paris. Coco is introduced to Igor by Diaghilev, impresario of the Ballets Russes. The attraction between them is instant and electric. Coco invites Igor along with his wife - now sick with consumption - together with his four children and a menagerie of birds to stay at her new villa, Bel Respiro, in Garches. (IMDB)


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLE IN ROMANIAN.


SUBTITLE IN BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3673532/chanel-coco-igor-stravinsky-pb 


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                         
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ


ATTENTION, PLEASE:

Fellows, this release, "GFW", was NUKED. I recomend you this another, a better release: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5496631/Coco.Chanel._amp_.Igor.Stravinsky.PROPER.2009.DVDRip.XviD.HORiZON-Ar
