FREDDY KING THE VERY BEST OF FREDDIE KING 
Audio CD January 22, 2002 
 Label: Collectables
 Format: Flac

3 CD Collection covering Freddy King’s recordings for Federal & King

Disc 1


The phrase "very best of" in an album title usually indicates a highly selective collection of an artist's career highlights. By that standard, in one sense Collectables Records' The Very Best of Freddy King, Vol. 1 should be called something else; a more accurate description of the contents would be "The Complete Freddy King on Federal Records, Vol. 1." That's because this is the first of three discs that present every recording King made for the King Records subsidiary Federal in chronological order. This disc traces King's Federal stint from his first recording session on August 26, 1960, to the following July. But in another sense, The Very Best of Freddy King is an apt title. King enjoyed all of his singles chart success during 1961, scoring six entries on the R&B charts and five on the pop charts, and all of those tracks are included here, from "You've Got to Love Her With a Feeling" to "Christmas Tears." King's biggest hit was the instrumental "Hide Away," which hit the pop Top 40 and the R&B Top Five and gained even more recognition when it was remade by John Mayall and Eric Clapton on the Bluesbreakers album. Perhaps King's best-known song was the B-side of "You've Got to Love Her With a Feeling," "Have You Ever Loved a Woman," which Clapton remade on the celebrated Derek & the Dominos album Layla, and of course King's version is included here. Indeed, it is difficult at this juncture to listen to almost any King recording and not be reminded of his chief disciple, Clapton. But that only means this collection is an essential addition to the basic library of blues fans. ~ William Ruhlmann



Tracklist
1.You Know That You Love Me (But You Never Tell Me So) 
2.See See Baby 
3.You've Got to Love Her With a Feeling 
4.Have You Ever Loved a Woman 
5.Hide Away 
6.I Love That Woman 
7.Lonesome Whistle Blues 
8.If You Believe (In What You Do) 
9.It's Too Bad (Things Are Going So Tough) 
10.I'm Tore Down 
11.Onion Rings 
12.Sen-Sa-Shun 
13.Side Tracked 
14.Stumble, The 
15.San-Ho-Zay 
16.Wash Out 
17.Just Pickin' 
18.Heads Up 
19.Christmas Tears 
20.Let Me Be (Stay Away from Me) 
21.Takin' Care of Business 
22.You Mean Mean Woman (How Can Your Love Be True) 
23.I Hear Jingle Bells 
24.In the Open 
25.Out Front

Disc 2



The phrase "very best of" in an album title usually indicates a highly selective collection of an artist's career highlights. By that standard, Collectables Records' The Very Best of Freddy King, Vol. 2 should be called something else; a more accurate description of the contents would be "The Complete Freddy King on Federal Records, Vol. 2." That's because this is the second of three discs that present every recording King made for the King Records subsidiary Federal in chronological order. It picks up at the end of a July 25, 1961, session and continues through November 29, 1962. King enjoyed considerable chart success throughout 1961, but the hits stopped coming after that. This album finds him trying different approaches to meet the marketplace. "Sittin' on the Boondock," cut January 10, 1962, betrays the influence of Lee Dorsey's fall 1961 hit "Ya Ya"; there are four duets with Federal labelmate Lula Reed and even one song, "Your Love Keeps A-Working on Me," sung by Reed alone; and there are numbers with titles that use the words bossa nova and twist (and even one called "The Bossa Nova Watusi Twist") in an attempt to cash in on fads. It was all unavailing and, happily, on his November 1962 sessions King finally returned to more of a straight blues approach. Blues fans will respond most strongly to the final seven tracks on the album, which display his undiminished authority as a blues guitarist. While not nearly as impressive a set as the first volume in the series, this one still has enough good blues playing to make it worth adding to one's blues collection. ~ William Ruhlmann



Tracklist
1.Swooshy 
2.High Rise 
3.Texas Oil 
4.She Put the Whammy on Me 
5.I'm on My Way to Atlanta 
6.Over Drive 
7.Driving Sideways 
8.Sittin' on the Boatdock 
9.Come On 
10.Do the President Twist 
11.(Let Your Love) Watch Over Me 
12.You Can't Hide 
13.It's Easy Child 
14.Your Love Keeps A-Working on Me 
15.What About Love 
16.Bossa Nova Blues 
17.Bossa Nova Watusi Twist, The 
18.Walk Down That Aisle (Honey Chile) 
19.Someday After a While (You'll Be Sorry) 
20.You Walked In 
21.You're Barkin' up the Wrong Tree 
22.Is My Baby Mad With Me 
23.(The Welfare) Turns Its Back on You 
24.It Hurts to Be in Love 
25.Look Ma I'm Crying

Disc 3


This is the third and final volume compiling all of the material Freddie King (strangely spelled "Freddy" on all three discs) recorded for the King/Federal label. It picks up at a session on November 29, 1962, and continues until his last recordings for the imprint on September 14, 1966. A full two years separated the final two dates, but his style remained similar even though a young, completely unidentifiable Lonnie Mack was added on second guitar for his last Federal studio recordings. While there are a handful of cheesy tunes aimed at the teen market ("Surf Monkey" and "Monkey Donkey" reflect an odd simian theme, with the latter describing a pseudo dance not far removed from the twist), King basically sticks to the tough Texas blues and R&B that was his forte. By this time, he had thankfully abandoned the schlocky bossa nova and twist music that marred Vol. 2 of this three-disc history. On even the least successful tracks, such as the surf instrumental "Fish Fare," King's guitar still stings, providing relief from the by the numbers backing and song structure. None of these 27 tracks nibbled at the singles charts or are even historically influential, yet their obscurity makes them a gold mine for King fans who want to dig deeper into his catalog. There are also some diamonds in the rough here, like the stabbing slow blues of "You've Got Me Licked," a powerful song in the "Have You Ever Loved a Woman" style with King providing a cutting-edge solo. The remastered sound is excellent, providing transparency to King's voice and especially guitar that adds clarity to the bluesman's already legendary skills. Nimble remote fingers will certainly help the experience, but this is a most welcome compilation, although obviously not the place for newcomers to start their Freddie King collections. ~ Hal Horowitz


Tracklist
1.(I'd Love To) Make Love to You 
2.One Hundred Years 
3.Now I've Got a Woman 
4.Surf Monkey 
5.If You Have It 
6.Low Tide 
7.Remington Ride 
8.Monkey Donkey 
9.Meet Me at the Station 
10.Full Time Love 
11.King-A-Ling 
12.I Love You More Everyday 
13.Teardrops on Your Letter 
14.Some Other Day Some Other Time 
15.She's the One 
16.She's That Kind 
17.Man Hole 
18.Fish Fare 
19.Funny Bone 
20.Cloud Sailin' 
21.Sad Nite Owl, The 
22.Nickel Plated 
23.Freddy's Midnite Dream 
24.Girl from Kookamunga 
25.You've Got Me Licked 
26.Double-Eyed Wammy 
27.Use What You've Got
