 http://www.yesasia.com/global/la-comedie-humaine-blu-ray-hong-kong-version/1023108760-0-0-0-en/info.html



Art and life thoroughly imitate each other in the hilarious Hong Kong comedy La Comedie Humaine. A fresh, conceptual take on the tired hitman genre, the Chan Hing-Ka/Janet Chun film is led by one of the least likely actors to play a professional killer on the big screen: Chapman To. The funnyman manages to give the comedic performance of his career as a Mainland Chinese assassin who also happens to love the movies. To is paired with the equally hilarious Wong Cho Lam, who puts his over-the-top mannerisms to good use as a scriptwriter that strikes up an unlikely friendship with his deadly visitor. The two are also joined by a game cast that includes longtime character actor Hui Siu Hung (also a Johnnie To regular), Fiona Sit (2 Young), and popular young model Kama Lo (Poker King). Praised by Hong Kong audiences, La Comedie Humaine became a true Hong Kong hit in the summer of 2010 thanks to its irreverent humor and the two lead actors' passionate efforts to support the film, which included cinema visits to thank audiences throughout Hong Kong.

Mainland Chinese hitman Spring (Chapman To) arrives in Hong Kong with his manager Setting Sun (Hui Siu Hung). However, when various complications separate them, Spring is taken in by nice-guy scriptwriter Soya (Wong Cho Lam), who tends to his new visitor perhaps a little too well. After several failed attempts to kill him, Spring slowly warms up to Soya, and the two become friends. Spring slowly adjusts to his new life in Hong Kong with his new friend, and even helps him fix his dysfunctional relationship with neurotic girlfriend Tin Oi (Fiona Sit). However, when Setting Sun finds his protégé, he forces Spring to abandon all personal attachments, including his friendship with troubled pregnant teenager Maggie (Kama Lo). 


COMEDY, NO WIRE FU

audio : DD5.1

1. Cantonese
2. Mandarin


subs : English, Chinese


NTSC

Regular DVDR converted from a BluRayRip , playable on a standalone dvd player

g o o g l e movie name for trailers 


