File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Scream is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne, released on 22 June 2010. The album was produced and written with Kevin Churko. This is a first album to not feature lead guitarist Zakk Wylde since his debut on the 1988 album No Rest for the Wicked and not feature drummer Mike Bordin since his debut on the 2001 album Down to Earth. Playing guitar on this album is Firewind guitarist Gus G., and playing drums is former Ted Nugent, Rob Zombie, and Alice Cooper drummer Tommy Clufetos. Scream was originally titled Soul Sucka  but Osbourne decided against it after negative feedback from fans. Ozzy has stated that this album reminds him of an "Ozzy/Black Sabbath" album. The first single from the album, titled "Let Me Hear You Scream" debuted on CSI: New York on 14 April,. and has since spent 8 weeks on the Billboard Rock Songs, peaking at 7.

To promote the album, an Ozzy Osbourne track pack has been released as downloadable content for the Rock Band video game series, containing three Scream songs and three of Ozzy's greatest hits. "Let Me Hear You Scream", "Soul Sucker" and "Diggin' Me Down" were released alongside "I Don't Wanna Stop", "Crazy Babies" and "No More Tears" on June 15, 2010.

Other promotions used to advertise the album include the stunt at the Los Angeles Dodgers vs. Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim MLB game on 12 June 2010, in which Osbourne encouraged the crowd to scream the word "SCREAM" as loud and as long as possible. The goal was to earn the Guinness World Record for loudest and longest scream from a crowd, and it was met successfully. Although the official decibel level has not been announced, the stadium beat the previous record set by a group of Finnish Boy Scouts, which was 127.2 dBA. The money earned was donated to ThinkCure! to aid cancer research. Osbourne has also premiered on many new commercials, video games, albums, etc. to help raise awareness of the album.

John Michael "Ozzy" Osbourne (born 3 December 1948) is a British singer-songwriter, whose career has spanned four decades.

He rose to prominence as lead vocalist of pioneering British heavy metal band Black Sabbath, and eventually achieved a multi-platinum solo career between the early 1980s and mid 1990s which revolutionized the heavy metal genre. As a result he is known as the "Godfather of Heavy Metal" and because of some of his material, the "Prince of Darkness." In the early 2000s, his career expanded to a new medium when he became a star in his own reality show, The Osbournes, alongside wife/manager Sharon and two of their three children, Kelly and Jack. In August 2008, Osbourne stated in USA Today that he intends to retire from his music career after two more albums. Osbourne is ranked 8th on Hit Parader's list of the 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Vocalists of all time.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

