Cinema 4D Studio Bundle - the outstanding 3D package for high end Modeling, Animation & Rendering. Top quality made even better. Once again, CINEMA 4D convinces with its forward-looking innovation, ease of use and legendary stability. The actual release of CINEMA 4D offers you more possibilities than ever before, whether for film, television, advertising, scientific simulations, architecture, product design or any other field that demands professional results. Its one-of-a-kind modular system and the ease with which it can be learned make CINEMA 4D the ideal tool for any purpose and every budget. CINEMA 4D is available in several languages. Сinema 4D contains all functions needed to create high-end 3D images and animations – start the application and start working, it’s that easy. For those whose work demands more than the basic application, MAXON provides numerous CINEMA 4D modules that can be integrated seamlessly. Equip your production environment with the CINEMA 4D Studio Bundle in order to take advantage of all the power CINEMA 4D has to offer. Your advanced 3D projects will come alive with the addition of 3D painting, dynamic simulations and network rendering. The CINEMA 4D Studio Bundle lets you unleash your creativity and enjoy 3D without limits.

State-of-the-Art Technology

CINEMA 4D's state-of-the-art architecture means it is always the first to benefit from new technologies and advancements - 64-bit support on Windows and Mac OS or Multiprocessing to name a few. MAXON is a development partner of many leading IT companies, including Intel and Apple. As such MAXON has early access to many future technologies which makes it possible to tailor our products accordingly. Our customers can rely on latest technology and maximum security for their investment.

Modularity makes it suitable for all industries.

The core application contains everything you need to create high-end 3D images and animations. For those artists whose work demands more than the basic application, MAXON provides numerous seamlessly integrated modules. Modules can also be purchased individually or in affordable bundles. For specific industries, such as architecture and engineering, MAXON also offers Editions that contain specially tailored functionality.

There is a CINEMA 4D to satisfy the needs of every artist and industry that utilizes 3D graphics. Take a tour through our solutions pages to see where CINEMA 4D dominates and thrives worldwide - then download a demo version and convince yourself.

CINEMA 4D is available in several languages including English, German, French, Spanish, and more

CINEMA 4D R11 New Feature List:

Non-Linear Animation

Move beyond the keyframe with the new non-linear animation system in CINEMA 4D Release 11. With non-linear animation, it's easy to build, layer and loop discreet motions containing hundreds of keyframes in complex hierarchies. You can easily block out animation based on predefined motions and build upon the basic movement by overlaying additional keyframes or motions.

Animation Layers
Animation layers allow you to build up a complex movement from individual layers, much like editing an image. You can block out the basic movement on one layer, then refine the motion with secondary animation layered on top. Define the "opacity" of each animation layer to control its influence over the final movement. In fact, you can animate the mix strength of each layer. Animation layers even work with complex hierarchies, allowing you to layer the animation of even the most complex character rigs.

Motion Clips
Motion Clips provide true non-linear animation functionality by allowing you to group complex keyframe animations on an entire hierarchy into a single clip that can be easily moved, layered or looped. Whether you're building motions for a character, defining presets animations for motion graphics or designing mechanical simulations, you can easily create a library of motions that can be dragged and dropped like video clips to define the final animation.CINEMA 4D automatically blends between each motion, or allows you to define the length and curve of the transition. Each clip can easily be looped, scaled or cropped; and just as with animation layers, motion clips can be layered with individual mix strength settings for each layer. The animation itself can be easily repositioned in 3D space using CINEMA 4D's new Pivot Object, making it easy to integrate your motions with one another and place the animation within the 3D environment.

Pivots
These little helpers come in handy if you need to change the direction of e.g. a walking character, without changing the walkcycle itself. Or if the character walks upon a moving surface (elevator, escalator). In this case only the pivot needs to be animated (move or rotate) and the character follows immediately.

ОS: Windows x32 & x64

The rest you have to look at homepage

Language Us RU CZ De Es Fr Jp Kr ZN-CH 

Tested and Working

Enjoy

This will take some time to u/l since the other line going for a movie.Sorry:(