* After so many beta build here comes FINAL copy of Trillian Astra, well known multi IM app. With Trillian Astra you can have all your Yahoo ID, MSN, GTALK, SYKPE, FACEBOOK, IRC (list goes on..) accounts in one place. So, no need to install different client for each service. Enjoy!


* Description: Since 2001, Trillian has been a powerful part of the effort to bring interoperability to IM. We are proud to bring you our latest and fourth major version, Trillian Astra, our best yet! Trillian lets you connect to multiple IM and social networks at the same time, managing contacts and real time status feeds efficiently.

Functional and powerful chat
        ╖ Chat with video and audio   
        ╖ Tabbed chats with text, emoticons, and pictures   
        ╖ Get in style with themes and skins   
        ╖ Use animated widgets to broadcast your status   

        Information at your fingertips
        ╖ Connect to WLM, Google, Facebook, and more   
        ╖ Show contacts and social news feeds   
        ╖ See the status of your contacts at a glance   
        ╖ Receive real-time notifications of changes   

        Efficient and sophisticated
        ╖ Minimize your IM world with Trillian Cobalt   
        ╖ Search and archive chats with activity history   
        ╖ Extend your Trillian possibilities with plugins


* Install trillian-v4.0.0.117.exe.  After installation copy
        precracked exe from the Crack folder to the installed folder of
        Trillian Astra Pro, making sure to overwrite the existing file.
        If you have already setup your account with a previous version
        then your done, if not follow instructions below:

        Launch Trillian Astra Pro and Register a new Astra Account.  Fill
        out required information (real email is needed for confirmation)
        and make sure to UNCHECK I have previously purchased Trillian
        Pro.  Check your email and get confirmation code.  Apply code and
        now continue to setup your IM accounts.  You now how a fully
        registered version of Trillian Astra Pro!

        Trillian Astra Pro is now GOLD, yes this is a final build.  All
        updates will now be done.

        Thats it!  Enjoy.