 http://bayimg.com/fAeANaacE

Opera Mobile 9.7 completely reinvents the Web browser on mobile phones. It provides an elegant browsing experience, while also making smartphones a new home for cross-platform applications. It marks a turning point in the ongoingevolution of the Web.

What’s inside Opera Mobile 9.7
Opera Turbo
Opera Turbo uses advanced compression technology to speed up data transfer and to reduce the amount of data that needs to be downloaded. This speeds up the browsing significantly and makes browsing much snappier.

Opera Widgets
Opera Widgets are small, handy standards-based Web applications that run locally on you phone, giving you one-click access to your favourite web services.

Pan and zoom
Using the same technology found in Opera Mini, Opera Mobile 9.7 defaults to full Web page viewing and allows users to pan and zoom into their desired content in just a few clicks.

Save pages and/or images
With a click, simply save your selected content and send via email or MMS to your friends.

Improved user interface
Opera has completely renovated its mobile UI. Cleaner and more intuitive, the new UI is designed for quick and easy navigation.

Improved standards support
Opera remains steadfast in its commitment to make the Web accessible for all. Opera Mobile 9.7 is the most standards-compliant mobile browser available. It is based on Opera's latest core rendering engine, Presto 2.2.

Faster
Opera has always been among the fastest browsers — if not the fastest — available. Opera Mobile 9.7 beta continues this fine tradition with noticeable speed improvements over Opera Mobile 9.5 and IE Mobile.

Opera Dragonfly
Opera Dragonfly is Opera’s open source cross-platform developer tool. This unique hybrid application officially goes cross-platform in Opera Mobile 9.7. To use the remote development and debugging tools, first start Dragonfly in Opera 9.64 on desktop (download or read more), then check the “remote debug” box in Dragonfly’s settings dialog and press apply. On the phone, go to the address “opera:debug”, type the IP address of the computer you’re connecting to, and hit “connect”. From that point on, Dragonfly works exactly as it does on Opera 9.64.

Requirements : WM5-6.5