Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 60 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can\'t continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)



Hardly any dialogue, but is in Spanish with soft-coded English subtitles; NO subtitles for the "extra" Making of short film.

Documentary filmmaking combines with narrative fiction to offer a leisurely-paced look into the lives of ten average Cubans in director Fernando Pérez's celluloid meditation on life in modern-day Havana. From children playing in the streets to the elderly woman who seldom moves from her place in front of the television, Perez thoughtfully combines songs and imagery to fully immerse the viewer in the Cuban experience.

From IMDB:
There is no dialog, just the goings on from waking to late night of several random people in La Habana Vieja, the old city. It is the most beautiful, most poignant, most tender, most bitter-sweet movie I have ever seem. There was not a dry eye in the movie house (mostly old Cubans like myself). It is a masterpiece, just like The Buena Vista Social Club was, but that was happy with music, this has music but its message seems to me to be......life continues. People, the disenfranchised....they continue, they drink their 'cafe con leche', they work, they have their meals, they love their children and their families, they visit their dead in the cemetery, they have a night life, they live, they love and they die. Life continues. There is beautiful footage of the Malecon with heavy seas crashing into its ancient walls with Omara Portuondo singing 'Cuando se quiere de veras', a not so subtle reminder that one cannot stay away from from something or someone, one loves so much. This film says all that without words...what a beautiful film. A must watch for anyone interested in Cuban life and history.





More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/