Unzip files and follow instructions


Diskeeper 2010 Pro Premier Edition

Every system, every network, every company suffers from the effects of fragmentation. When fragmentation occurs, the system has already wasted precious I/O resources by writing fragmented files to many spaces on the disk instead of contiguously to one spot. With Diskeeper® 2010 performance software, now you can prevent up to 85% of the fragmentation written to disk. Your system runs at maximum performance levels on a clean, fast and efficient disk.
	IntelliWrite™ fragmentation prevention technology prevents up to 85% of the fragmentation every system suffers from. It intelligently writes contiguous files to the disk so system resources are not wasted creating fragmentation. The results? A whole new level of system speed and efficiency beyond what can be achieved with defragmentation alone.
The Breakthrough Of
	InvisiTasking® technology offers true transparent, background processing technology allows Diskeeper 2010 to defragment your system in real-time, completely eliminating the need for cumbersome maintenance operations.

Free up gridlocked resources and let your computer zoom at peak performance while you work. Diskeeper 2010 Pro Premier enhances the reliability and performance of your computer—automatically!
Terabyte Volume Engine (TVE)
	High-power computer systems require high power-defragmentation engines. Only Diskeeper 2010 includes the advanced technology necessary to eliminate large volume fragmentation found on big and busy computers.

The remarkable Terabyte Volume Engine™ (TVE) technology. TVE is the only defrag technology with the necessary horsepower to eliminate the rapid fragmentation build-up that occurs in high-traffic volumes that handles millions of files.

TVE was initially developed for the highest capacity servers but has now also become essential for the high end power user. Large databases, CAD programs -- Diskeeper 2010 handles the biggest jobs fast and thoroughly. The greater the number of files and fragments on a volume, the more dramatic TVE's benefits will be. Nothing compares to TVE's ability to eliminate enterprise level fragmentation. In a class of its own, TVE makes real-time power computer defragmentation a fact.
Shift Into High Gear With
	Diskeeper 2010's I-FAAST® 2.0 file optimization technology accelerates file access times to meet the heavy workloads of file-intensive applications. Utilizing a specially formulated technology, I-FAAST closely monitors file usage and organizes the most commonly accessed files for the fastest possible access, boosting file access and creation to speeds above and beyond the capabilities of your system when it was new, up to 80% faster.
Diskeeper 2010 - A Disk Performance Revolution

Today, more than ever before, power computers form an important and cost-effective convergence of communications, business, personal projects and lifestyle in which uncompromising performance is a must have. From large database management and CAD rendering to applications that require speed and fast I/O, the power user’s need for a fast, flubless computer is crucial. Unfortunately, no matter how expensive a computer is, it does not come with a defragmenter adequate to the tasking of protecting your computer from fragmentation-related performance corruption.

Only Diskeeper 2010 can do this. And now you can have it on your machine in a matter of minutes.