Worms 2: Armageddon


Description

Grab your grenades and prepare for battle, as the worms are back, bigger and better than ever in Worms™2: Armageddon! The best-selling turn-based-strategy blast-a-thon is back on the App Store for iPhone and iPad with new weapons, brand new customization options and of course, more explosions! Get ready for the ultimate installment! With many games modes available, there is something for everyone. Battle against 3 other friends in high-octane multi-player action or take on the solo campaign in a bid to become the ultimate mercenary worm!


PRODUCT FEATURES:


•	The worms are back!

o	Authentic Worms™ gameplay with cartoon-style visuals, comical audio and a 
        refined control system using the innovative touch screen user interface.


•	New Worms™ Weaponry!

o	Defend and attack with new weapons and utilities, including the Sentry Gun,              Electromagnet, Napalm Strike, Super Sheep, Petrol Bomb, Armageddon, Drill, Earthquake and Poison Strike.


•	Classic Worms™ Weaponry:

o	The return of the Sheep, Holy Hand Grenade, Concrete Donkey, Parachute,    Baseball Bat and enhanced Ninja Rope.


•	Single-player Worms™ Action:

o	Campaign Mode: 30 single-player missions across 5 new themes including Manhattan, Medieval, Sports, Construction and Cheese.

o	Body Count Mode: The player takes on endless waves of increasingly tough enemies across 5 different themes or a random landscape.

o	Practice Mode: A mode where the player can practice with every weapon against A.I. dummy worms.


•	Multi-player Worms™ Combat:

o	Battle against your friends with offline Bluetooth multi-player action for 1-4 players.

o	Take on all-comers from around the globe with online Wi-Fi multi-player action for 1-2 players.

o	Master the new game styles – Fort Mode, Forts Pro Mode, Crazy Crates and Custom Game Style

o	The return of the favourite game styles - ‘Bazooka and Grenade’, Melee, Gun Show, Heads Up, Lightside, Darkside and Sinking.

o	Master the variety of difficulty settings – Beginner, Intermediate and Pro.


•	Additional online features:

o	Plus+ integration provides in-game Awards, Friends list, Leader-boards.

o	Post your high scores and achievements to Twitter and Facebook.


•	New customization options:

o	NEW – in-depth ability to make custom game styles so players can create whichever game style they want to and play with online or offline.

o	NEW - create the team you want with new personalization features – hats, forts, skins and victory dances. 

o	NEW - spend gold earned by completing the Campaign missions in the Worms™ shop on new hats, forts, and gravestones or unlock weapons for multi-player games.

o	NEW - customise even further with one of the iPhone exclusive bonus hats.

o	Further personalization of worm and team names, speech-banks and gravestones.


•	Other features:

o	For 3GS and iPhone 4 users – improved visuals with animated 3D backgrounds, water effects and other graphical enhancements.

o	Unlock up to 30 in-game awards.

o	Save game status on quit – automatic save to the last turn if you exit - great for longer battles and for saving your single-player progress.

o	Watch your finest victories again with action-replays.


•	iPad specific features:

o	Crisp high definition visuals, graphical enhancements and special effects.

o	Flip the screen! Great for ‘coffee-table’ style play given the support of the screen orientation feature.