File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:53

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 5236 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.11 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Firework" is a song by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry from her second mainstream studio album Teenage Dream. It was released as the third single from the album. The song was written by Perry, Stargate, Sandy Vee and Ester Dean, and it was produced by Stargate and Sandy Vee. According to Perry, "Firework" is influenced by Jack Kerouac's novel, On the Road.

The video is part of a huge cross-promotional deal with European telecommunications group Deutsche Telekom. Deutsche Telekom hosted a series of activities and competitions from which fans around Europe will be recruited to be in the video. MTV reported that Perry started filming the video on September 28, 2010. The video was directed by Dave Meyers. The official teaser trailer of the music video was released on October 15, 2010. The video was released on TwitVid, DirectLyrics and Youku on October 28, 2010. The singer dedicated the video to the It Gets Better campaign, which rallies against harassment in the LGBT community, via her Twitter account. It's a fitting message for "Firework," considering one of the video's plotlines is a young gay man struggling to feel comfortable in his own skin. The video is reminiscent of Christina Aguilera's "Beautiful" video with its message.

Katy Perry performed the song on the Late Show with David Letterman on 24 August 2010. On 17 October 2010 she performed the song on the The X Factor in the United Kingdom.

Perry said that "Firework" is her favorite song on Teenage Dream. She expressed that:

    "People are coming back and almost adopting it as their own anthem, and it's hard, I think, to write an anthem that's not cheesy, and I hope that this could be something in that category. I hope this could be one of those things where it's like, 'Yeah, I want to put my fist up and feel proud and feel strong. But I also don't want to be cheesy, it's a fine line, and I think 'Firework' ... would be like the opus or my one song — if I had to pick a song to play — 'cause it has a great beat. But it also has a fantastic message."

Teenage Dream is the second mainstream and third studio album overall, by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry. It was released in the United States on August 24, 2010.

The album's first single, "California Gurls", was released on May 7, 2010 and features the Californian rapper, Snoop Dogg. The song topped the charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the UK and the US, with sales of more than three million digital downloads. The album's second single and title track, "Teenage Dream", was released on July 23, 2010, and went on to reach number one in Ireland, New Zealand and the US. The third single, "Firework", is going to be released on October 26, 2010. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, selling 192,000 copies in its first week.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/