Directed by 	Marc Lawrence
Produced by 	Martin Shafer
Liz Glotzer
Written by 	Marc Lawrence
Starring 	Hugh Grant
Sarah Jessica Parker
Sam Elliott
Mary Steenburgen
Elisabeth Moss
Michael Kelly
Wilford Brimley
Jesse Liebman
Music by 	Theodore Shapiro
Cinematography 	Florian Ballhaus
Editing by 	Susan E. Morse
Studio 	Relativity Media
Castle Rock Entertainment
Distributed by 	Columbia Pictures
Release date(s) 	December 18, 2009 (2009-12-18)
Running time 	103 minutes
Country 	United States
Language and subtitles	English and france
Budget 	$58 million
Gross revenue 	$79,461,989

A successful Manhattan couple, real estate agent Meryl Judith Morgan (née Becker) (Sarah Jessica Parker) and lawyer Paul Michael Morgan (Hugh Grant) are separated because of Paul's infidelity. But they are thrust together when they witness a murder and become targets of a contract killer.

Federal marshalls whisk away the Morgans from their beloved New York to tiny Ray, Wyoming, where they are temporarily put in the custody of the Wheelers (Sam Elliott and Mary Steenburgen), a married couple who are U.S. Marshals. They use the assumed names of Meryl and Paul Foster, who are visiting their cousins, the Wheelers. The killer, meanwhile, tries to track them down.

While adjusting to Ray, Paul tries rekindling their marriage. Meanwhile, in New York, the killer is still after them and has found out where they are through Meryl's assistant. When Paul gets bear repellent sprayed in his eyes, he is taken to the only doctor in town, whose number the murderer intercepts.

Paul and Meryl go on a "date" in town and begin to reconcile, but then Paul is alienated when he learns that Meryl had had an affair while they were separated.

The next day, with the killer in town, the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray for a permanent hiding place. The Wheelers invite them to a rodeo, but the Morgans are quarreling so they decline. Leaving the Morgans without any form of security, the Wheelers leave for the rodeo. The killer attacks the house, but the Morgans are able to sneak out.

Fleeing to the rodeo, they hide in a bull suit and accidentally frighten a live bull into head-butting them. Meryl, unable to walk, stays hidden from the killer while Paul confronts him unarmed. But he is rescued by Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler and his new friends from the town.

In a coda, set 6 months later, Paul and Meryl are still married having just adopted a baby girl from China, whom they name Rae after Ray, Wyoming, and Meryl is pregnant with a child of their own.
[edit] Reception


IMAGENES 
 
http://img404.imageshack.us/img404/5194/didyouhearaboutthemorgap.jpg 
http://img517.imageshack.us/img517/2712/001io.png 
http://img404.imageshack.us/img404/5823/002zh.png 
http://img256.imageshack.us/img256/3391/003qk.png