File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd recorder: TEAC  DV-W28E
Cd Ripper: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tpb.tracker.thepiratebay.org:80/announce;
Torrent Hash: B4DD41D600A8A71B3CB2DCA5D6B49B3C4FCF40F3
File Size: 966.69 Mb
Year: 1994
Label: A&M



Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Woodstock '94 was a music festival organized in order to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the original Woodstock Festival of 1969. It was promoted as "2 More Days of Peace and Music." The famous poster used to promote the first concert was revised to feature two birds perched on a guitar (instead of one).

The concert was scheduled for August 13 and 14 of 1994, but a third day (August 12) was added.

The event took place on a large field in Saugerties, New York, about 100 miles (160 km) north of New York City. The site is only 10 miles (16 km) from Woodstock, New York and it was originally proposed as the location for the 1969 concert[citation needed]. Permission to use the property was not granted the first time around, so the first concert was instead held in Sullivan County, much further from the namesake town of Woodstock.[citation needed]

The crowd at Woodstock '94 was estimated at 350,000.[1] A much smaller crowd, estimated at 30,000, attended a competing unofficial concert at the site of the original Woodstock Festival. In 1994 the weather was similar to that in 1969: rainy. By Saturday much of the entire field had turned into mud.

The festival was followed by Woodstock 1999.






Woodstock ’94 1994





Customer review at Amazon:


The CD set here is not meant to represent the concerts themselves but the event as a whole. the songs (and announcements) reflect the moods, styles, genres, humor and talents of the artists as a snapshot. This means that some bands may not have their best or most popular songs on these CD's. Both Cd's have a mix of: 

Popular bands playing hits ( Melissa Ethridge, Cranberries, Collective Soul), 

Popular bands playing lesser known songs ( Blues Traveler, Live, Candlebox, Cypress Hill), 

And classic bands playing from their catalog ( CSN, Peter Gabriel, Joe Cocker). 

Leading the second disc, Metallica dominated the set with an energy no one else seems to bring. (As I said some of these songs dont represent the bands' overall performance very well)Another review stated that this song, "For whom the Bell Tolls" was the definitive live recording of the band and I totally agree. The recording of this song is required for any metallica fan. The clarity beats any bootleg and the intensity beats the few live recordings the band is willing to sell. 

Other standouts include: Cypress Hill, NIN, Blues Traveler, Aerosmith, Dylan, Chili Peppers, Primus and the Neville Bros. 

Some may be dissapointed by Jackyl, Green Day, Blind Mellon, Salt N Pepa's song Shoop has dated very poorly, and the stage announcements can get repetitive. I personally found "Come Together" to be a little gratuitous as a reference to the original music of Woodstock. As a side note, I believe that Slash from GNR plays on "The Hunter" with Paul Rodgers though i could be mistaken. 

It is possible to refute one complaint I have seen about the set (and the event). The sampling of the discs makes it clear that the bands selected are for the most part not platinum sellers, and those few that were, normally didn't have the "hit" song selected for the cd. The commercialism of the event itself may be an entirely other matter. Still I believe that at least 17 of the 27 bands have never seen platinum or achieved mainstream success. Bands like "Rollins Band" are talented but are so niche they are never likely to do so. 

All in all I love the set. I believe it is worth the purchase if only for the Metallica song. However, this does not represent even a fraction of the music at the event and a true box set should be made available. 




Tracks: 


Disc 1:


1. Selling the Drama - Live 
2. But Anyway - Blues Traveler 
3. I'm the Only One - Melissa Etheridge 
4. Feelin' Alright - Joe Cocker 
5. Dreams - The Cranberries 
6. Soup - Blind Melon 
7. When I Come Around - Green Day 
8. Shoop - Salt-N-Pepa 
9. Blood Sugar Sex Magik - Red Hot Chili Peppers 
10. Porno for Pyros - Porno for Pyros 
11. Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers - Primus 
12. Headed for Destruction - Jackyl 
13. Draw the Line/F.I.N.E. - Aerosmith 
14. Happiness in Slavery - Nine Inch Nails 


Disc 2: 


1. For Whom the Bell Tolls - Metallica 
2. Hunter - Paul Rodgers 
3. Come Together - The Neville Brothers 
4. Run, Baby, Run - Sheryl Crow 
5. Déjà Vu - Crosby, Stills & Nash 
6. Dance, Motherfucker, Dance!/Kiss Off - Violent Femmes 
7. Shine - Collective Soul 
8. Arrow - Candlebox 
9. How I Could Just Kill a Man - Cypress Hill 
10. Right Here Too Much - Rollins Band 
11. Highway 61 Revisited - Bob Dylan 
12. Pearly Queen - Traffic 
13. Biko - Peter Gabriel 




Enjoy :)
