
                                            Lovely Folders 4.0

Aren't you bored with the way the standard Windows folders look? If you are, then Lovely Folders is your choice! Make your folders different. Make them lovely

Lovely Folders is a powerful utility to customize your Windows folders. Using this handy program you can replace the standard folder icon for individual folders with any eye-catching icon you wish, chosen from hundreds of built-in colorful icons or generated automatically by internal IconConverter depending on the content of a folder (music, video, images, etc.). Moreover, Lovely Folders can change folder background! Your individual folders now may have a background image - just like your desktop.
 In addition, you can replace the system-defined standard folder icon, set an info tip for folders, rebuild the system icon cache, search for icons on your computer and much more


                                   Lovely Folders allows you to:
 Apply different icons to individual folders in a few mouse clicks  
   Put any picture as a wallpaper to a folder   
   Set an info tip for a folder   
   Replace the system-defined standard folder icon, which is used by Windows to display each folder on your computer [ View picture ]   
   Extract icons from icon files (ICO), icon libraries (ICL) and icon resources (EXE, DLL, CPL, SCR, OCX etc.)   
   Search for icons on your computer   
   Copy icon to the current folder to make your folder icons independent from icon source files (that allows you to move or copy your customized folders anywhere even to another computer! Your folders will be the look exactly as you specified)   
   Rebuild the system icon cache to repair incorrect icon images    
   Add your favorite icons to the user icon list to access them faster   
   Create a template to make doing multiple identical changes of folder's appearance easier    


Powerful features:
   Lovely Folders automatically determines the content of a folder and recommends the most suitable icons for this folder   
   LovelyConverter™ -- built-in icon converter -- simple and fast way to generate folder-look icons [ View picture ]   
   Supports ALL sizes (up to 128x128) and ALL color depths (mono, 16 colors, 256 colors, True-color and Windows XP/Vista 32-bit with alpha channel) of the icons    
   Supports the following icon resources formats: Icon files (ICO), Icon Libraries (ICL), Icon Resources (EXE, DLL, CPL, SCR, OCX etc.)   
   Supports JPEG, GIF images and bitmaps (BMP) as folder background   
   (NEW)Lovely Folders includes 3 icon packs with the highest quality icons (including Windows® Vista® color folder icons)   
   All icons are sorted by categories, and when you select a category, Lovely Folders automatically displays specified icons. Moreover, Lovely Folders can scan your system and add ALL icons associated with the selected category to the list of icons   
   Full integration with Windows Explorer (you can launch Lovely Folders using right-click popup menu)   
   Supports drag-and-drop (you can drag any file or a folder into the "Change icon" window)   
   Multilingual interface (20 languages included. See full list)   
   Easy to use   
   Vista-like convenient and friendly interface 
   Extract all icons from the application associated with the specified type of files   
 
anything marked (NEW) came from the 4.0 web site

Lovely Folders 4.1 convenient and friendly user interface

Main window of the program.
Beyond a simple interface there are powerful features!

"Change icon" dialog window

LovelyConverter™ - simple and fast way to generate folder-look icons

Example of using Lovely Folders 4.0

Example of changing folder appearance.
Just see, how bright, colorful and live your folders can be! But more importantly is that you can work now more comfortably and effectively

Changing the system-defined standard folder icon.
Customize your Windows, make your own style!

Using a template will help you to do multiple identical changes of folder's appearance easier

Special trick - using Lovely Folders 4.0 you can mask your private folders as files in Windows Explorer



The following PC operating systems are supported by Lovely Folders:
   Microsoft Windows XP / Vista / 2008 / 2003 / 2000 / ME / 9x / NT

 
http://www.lovelysoft.com/ 
http://www.lovelysoft.com/lovelyfolders/languages.shtml 

This info is from the 4.1 website so it mite not apply to the 4.0

Installation
Extract Lovely Folders 4.0.rar
Run LF4Setup.exe
Do not run program.
Patch file to directory C:Program FilesLovely FoldersLFolders.exe

Always remember to do a Restore point.

                        !!!!!!!!!!!! Enjoy !!!!!!!!!!!