The 69 Eyes Music Video Collection

Includes:
Dead Girls are Easy
Devils
Dance D’Amour
Dead N Gone
Perfect Skin
The Chair
Wasting The Dawn
Gothic Girl
Lost Boys
Never Say Die

Instructions

1.) When finished downloading, open .ISO with Magic ISO or other similar program.
2.) Burn as an Image File using either PowerISO, Magic ISO, ImgBurn or NERO Burning ROM ISO to burn
2.)*** you can also vitually mount image and install, if you know how to, just an option, if not, 
please continue on to next step(s)
3.) Pick Burning Drive (insert DVD-R* or DVD+R) *preferred
4.) Burn at the slowest speed, or MIN 4x MAX 8x
5.) Burn DVD, and wait till it says succeeded, done,finished, or completed

Note: If DVD is not finalized, it may not work.

 

Background information
Origin	Helsinki, Finland

Genres
Glam metal (early)
Gothic Rock
Gothic metal

Years active	1989–present
Labels
Virgin Records
EMI[1]
The End Records (USA

Associated acts	HIM
Cradle of Filth
Hanoi Rocks, Andy McCoy,

Members
Jussi 69 - drums
Bazie - lead guitar
Jyrki 69 - vocals
Timo-Timo - guitar
Archzie - bass

The 69 Eyes are a Gold selling Finnish rock band. They are currently signed to EMI Finland. The band's albums are now distributed worldwide. The End Records acts as the band's official North American distributor, as Nuclear Blast Records provides distribution in Mainland Europe, Ireland and the UK. Australia will be handled by AmpHead Music. All Asia and Latin America releases are handled by EMI affiliates.
Music style
Initially, the 69 Eyes' music style was of glam metal and hard rock, influenced by acts such as Mötley Crüe and Hanoi Rocks. However, they began to incorporate more influence from gothic rock bands such as The Mission and The Sisters of Mercy. Their sound was described as a mix of the gloominess of gothic rock with guitar-powered rock'n'roll. Their music continued to show influence from other rock artists such as The Doors, Elvis Presley, Hanoi Rocks, Billy Idol, and The Sisters of Mercy as well as vampire films and literature. The term "goth 'n roll" is used by fans to describe their style. In recent times with the release Back in Blood, the 69 Eyes have moved back to a more guitar based sound, although gothic imagery and lyrical themes remain forefront in their style.
Band history

Studio Albums
1.	Bump 'n' Grind (1992)
2.	Savage Garden (1995)
3.	Wrap Your Troubles in Dreams (1997)
4.	Wasting the Dawn (1999)
5.	Blessed Be (2000)
6.	Paris Kills (2002)
7.	Devils (2004)
8.	Angels (2007)
9.	Back in Blood (2009)

