More info:  TorrentSpain


Batman: Arkham Asylum (c) Warner Home Video Games

 
09/2009 :..... RELEASE.DATE 

PROTECTION .......: Securom

1 :.......... DISC(S)  

GAME.TYPE ........: Action/Crime



 In Batman: Arkham Asylum, the Dark Knight takes on his greatest challenge
 yet when he becomes trapped with all of his most dangerous villains inside
 the insane asylum of GOTHAM CITY - ARKHAM ASYLUM!

 Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes players to a unique, dark and atmospheric
 adventure that takes them to the depths of Arkham Asylum –Gotham’s
 psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane. Gamers will move in the
 shadows, instigate fear amongst their enemies and confront The Joker and
 Gotham City’s most notorious villains who have taken over the asylum. Using
 a wide range of Batman’s gadgets and abilities, players will become the
 invisible predator and attempt to foil The Joker’s demented scheme.
 Batman: Arkham Asylum features an original story penned exclusively for the
 game by famous Batman author and five-time Emmy award winner, Paul Dini,
 whose credits include Lost season one and Batman: The Animated Series.

 With amazing graphics and a moody, immersive setting, Batman: Arkham Asylum
 offers diverse gameplay options that push the envelope for all action,
 adventure and superhero games.

 Features
 * Utilize the unique FreeFlow™ combat system to chain together unlimited
   combos seamlessly and battle with huge groups of The Joker's henchmen in
   brutal melee brawls.
 * Investigate as Batman, the WORLD'S GREATEST DETECTIVE, by solving
   intricate puzzles with the help of cutting edge forensic tools including
   x-ray scanning, fingerprint scans, 'Amido Black' spray and a pheromone
   tracker.
 * Face off against Gotham's greatest villains including The Joker,
   HARLEY QUINN, VICTOR ZSASZ and KILLER CROC.
 * Become the Invisible Predator™ with Batman's fear takedowns and unique
   vantage point system to move without being seen and hunt enemies.
 * Choose multiple takedown methods, including swooping from the sky and
   smashing through walls, and use the predator camera get a closer look at
   the action.
 * Explore every inch of ARKHAM ASYLUM™ and roam freely on the infamous
   island, presented for the first time ever in its gritty and realistic
   entirety.
 * Experience what it's like to be BATMAN using BATARANGS™, explosive gel
   aerosol, The BATCLAW™, sonar resonator and the line launcher.
 * Unlock more secrets by completing hidden challenges in the world and
   develop and customize equipment by earning experience points.
 * Move through the environment with the use of Batman's grapnel gun to get
   to out-of-reach places, and jump from any height to glide in any direction.


 1. Unrar.
 2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the game.
 4. Copy over the cracked content to Binaries of your installation directory.
 5. Play the game.
 6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


Visita:   TorrentSpain