Ableton Suite is the XL version of Ableton Live. Suite 8 gives you all of the features in Live 8 plus SOUND, with a radically new Library packed with beautiful new sounds and a wealth of useful resources. Suite 8 contains 10 Ableton instruments including synths, a sampler, electric and acoustic drums, mallets, numerous sampled instruments and the new, reworked Operator. Two completely new instruments, Collision and Latin Percussion, round off the set. Ableton Suite 8 is a complete package: the tools AND the sounds.

The tools:

Ableton Live 8 provides a comprehensive environment for writing, producing and performing music.

Session View
Live is the only music production software with the "Session View": a unique grid for recording and playing musical ideas and phrases. The Session View is non-linear, so you can record and play back your ideas in any order you want. When you're working on a new track, this is a smart, flexible way to write and record. If you're performing music live, it gives you complete flexibility and freedom to improvise.

Arrangement View
Live also has a second view: the "Arrangement View," a complete music production environment. This is the linear counterpart to the Session View and is well-suited to "traditional" recording, arranging and mixing. These two views interact with one another, each with its own strengths and intricacies. Both views are based on the single principle of creative, intuitive music-making.

Uninterrupted creative flow
In Live, you never have to stop the music. Record audio and MIDI on the fly, drop in loops and samples, add effects and swap sounds without ever hitting the stop button: everything happens in real time. You're free to improvise and the computer actually becomes a musical instrument—an expressive and creative tool, perfectly at home on stage or in the studio.

Beats made easy
Live's unique Drum Rack combines drag-and-drop simplicity in a familiar pad-style interface. Each of the 128 drum pads can have its own instrument or sample plus effects. Slice beats, loops or REX files to MIDI for additional control options and use the new groove feature (which includes grooves from the legendary MPC and SP1200 machines) to add swing to your beats.

Creative expression for DJs
Mix and match tracks and loops automatically, remix on the fly, capture audio loops in real time from decks and other external sources, incorporate your own productions into the mix, and much more. Whether it's the centerpiece of the DJ rig or just a creative sidearm, Live gives DJs entirely new worlds of creative expression.

Share: effortless remote collaboration
Share your Live Sets with others via the web. Live 8's simple and intelligent solution for online musical collaboration streamlines the sharing process with one-click sharing and loading, a simple system of setting access permission, speedy transfers and no issues with external plug-ins and instruments.

Looping with Live
Not only for guitarists, the Ableton Looper gives you classic sound-on-sound looping without the limitations of a hardware device. Looper is set up for remote operation, so you can record, overdub, undo and more without touching the computer.

Totally compatible
Live works seamlessly with controller hardware and assigning custom MIDI controls is simple. Live supports AIFF, WAV, MP3, Ogg Vorbis and FLAC files, VST and AU effects and instruments. Live can handle REX files and runs as a ReWire Master or Slave, so it works nicely alongside other DAWs like Pro Tools, Logic, Cubase or Reason. And if you have a multicore or multiprocessor system, Live supports that, too.

The sounds
Ableton Suite 8's library is a well-balanced and comprehensive collection of sounds and resources including synthesis, real-world "Sound Objects", presets, grooves, templates and, above all, a wide-ranging set of beautiful sounds.

Key features:
Multitrack recording up to 32-bit/192 kHz
Nondestructive editing with unlimited undo
Powerful MIDI sequencing of software and hardware instruments
Advanced warping and real-time time-stretching
Library with over 1600 expressive sounds, each with versatile control options
A comprehensive selection of built-in audio and MIDI effects
A wide range of software instruments
Instrument Racks for simple management of complex instrument setups
Drum Racks for intuitive and responsive beat-making
Effect Racks for professional-grade mastering, mixing and creative sound processing
New groove engine; apply and extract grooves in real time
Construction kits containing loops and phrases in a number of styles
Sound Objects Lite, from SonArte: a toolkit of real world object recordings
440 MB of abstract, experimental loops from renowned music software pioneers Cycling '74 *
Over 400 loops and samples from Zero-G *
1000s of single-device presets: simple components for making new sounds and exploring synthesis
Song templates with pre-configured tracks and routing
Supports AIFF, WAV, MP3, Ogg Vorbis and FLAC files
VST and AU support; automatic plug-in delay compensation
REX file support plus built-in audio to MIDI slicing
Video import and export for scoring, video warping
Simple MIDI mapping plus instant mapping for selected hardware
Full ReWire support; runs as Slave or Master
Multicore and multiprocessor support

Also includes
Printed reference manual in English, French, German or Japanese (box only)
Built-in interactive lessons
Localized software menus, tutorials and PDF reference manuals in English, Spanish, French, German and Japanese

System requirements
Windows: 1.5 GHz Pentium 4 or Celeron compatible CPU or faster (multicore CPU recommended), 1 GB RAM (2 GB recommended), Windows XP or Windows Vista, Windows compatible sound card (ASIO driver support recommended), DVD-ROM drive, QuickTime recommended

 To See Whats NEW   http://www.ableton.com/live-8-whats-new

Enjoy