PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Audiochecker Log: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 26B4CD06668E691134D872315E2330C85897F143
File Size: 3.14 GB
Label: A&M, Polydor




Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


•	Bryan Adams (1980)
•	You Want It You Got It (1981)
•	Cuts Like a Knife (1983)
•	Reckless (1984) CD 5013 DIDX 140 *
•	Into the Fire (1987)  A&M CD 3907 *
•	Waking Up the Neighbours (1991)
•	18 til I Die (1996)
•	On a Day Like Today (1998)
•	Room Service (2004)
•	11 (2008)



* Denotes My rip



Most of these albums are not my rips except for 2. I want to thank the original uploaders but unfortunately Bryan Adams is highly susceptible to takedown notices, so I have no idea who the original uploaders were. So if you’re reading this, enjoy because it’s just a matter of days, on specific torrent sites (like Demonoid) that this will disappear. However, I will keep resubmitting it (hopefully I don’t get banned – I’m not sure of Demonoids policies on this). Audiochecker Log is included to validate the lossless files. 


A note about Audiochecker: Bryan Adams – Reckless is the perfect example of an entire album being a false positive. I have always said Audiochecker is not 100% guaranteed through my experiences of using it and here’s a prime example. My personal rip of Reckless came up as 95% probability of MPEG. Every song. So I checked 2 other versions of this album that I have in FLAC – the MFSL Gold CD & another generic download. Both came up as being MPEG. I will leave the Audiochecker log in the torrent but for all you that read the log this will explain why Reckless is coming up as transcoded. Trust me – it isn’t, Audiochecker’s algorithim isn’t perfect and it shows on this album.


Kit





Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Bryan Guy Adams, OC, OBC (born November 5, 1959) is a Canadian rock singer-songwriter, guitarist, producer, and photographer.

Adams has won dozens of awards and nominations, including 18 Juno Awards among 56 nominations, including wins for Best Male Artist in 2000 and Male Vocalist of the Year in 1997 and every year from 1983 to 1987, as well as Junos for Producer, Composer, and Songwriter of the Year. He has also had 15 Grammy Award nominations including a win for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television for "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" in 1992. He has also won MTV, ASCAP, and American Music awards. In addition, he has won two Ivor Novello Awards and has been nominated for several Golden Globe Awards and three times for Academy Awards for songwriting. Adams is the best-selling Canadian male artist ever. Adams has sold 75 million albums and 30 million singles worldwide. Adams also holds the distinction of being the first Canadian to sell more than 1 million copies in Canada. He has achieved this twice.

Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for contributions to popular music and philanthropic work via his own foundation, which helps improve education for people around the world. He is a well known photographer.[1][2]

Adams was inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 1998, and in April 2006 he was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame at Canada's Juno Awards. At the 2010 Juno Awards in Newfoundland, he will be on hand to receive a humanitarian award.







Bryan Adams 1980


Bryan Adams was the self-titled debut solo album by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams released in February 1980 on A&M Records. While the album did not gain attention in the US, 'Hidin' From Love' reached #64 and 'Give Me Your Love' reached #91 both on Canada's RPM 100 Singles chart

In early 1978, Bryan Adams teamed up with Jim Vallance formerly of Canadian band Prism to form a song-writing duo. A&M signed the pair as songwriters and A&M signed him as an artist shortly afterwards. He worked on his debut album for the balance of 1979 with it being released in February 1980.

The first single was "Hidin' from Love" in 1980 (#43 on the Billboard dance charts) which was followed up by "Give Me Your Love" and "Remember". Although the album never received any US notoriety on its debut, it was the door opener that led to getting radio play, tours, management, agents and the music business in general, interested in the 20 year old songwriter.

The first tour was across Canada playing clubs and colleges. It was during this time that Adams developed the songs for the US breakthrough album You Want It You Got It (1981).


Tracks: 


1.	"Hidin' from Love"  
2.	"Win Some, Lose Some"  
3.	"Wait and See"  
4.	"Give Me Your Love"  
5.	"Wastin' Time"  
6.	"Don't Ya Say It"  
7.	"Remember"  
8.	"State of Mind"  
9.	"Try to See It My Way"  









You Want It You Got It 1981



You Want It You Got It is Bryan Adams's second solo album, and was released in 1981 (see 1981 in music). This was the album that established the sound that Adams has retained throughout his recording career. Unlike the debut album where Adams and Vallance played most of the instruments themselves, You Want It You Got It was recorded live in the studio. It was recorded and mixed in NYC over a two week period during the spring of 1981. The album was originally to be titled "Bryan Adams Hasn't Heard Of You Either" (due to critics' indifference to his first few albums) but Adams's sense of humour didn't make it past the gate keepers at the record company, who opted for the safer title.

The first single "Lonely Nights" broke out of the Northeast of America long before it broke anywhere else, partially due to a couple of late night DJs working in Rochester, Albany and Syracuse. Within a few months the album had been picked up across the country and Adams was soon on tour doing clubs and noon hour concerts for radio stations, as well as support to such acts as The Kinks and Foreigner. Two further singles 'Coming Home' and 'Fits Ya Good' were very well received, the latter becoming Adams' debut Top 40 hit in Canada.

It was the shape of things to come, for as momentum increased, so did the touring. Although the album was only marginally successful, it laid down the groundwork for the forthcoming album Cuts Like a Knife.

In later years, many of the songs were recorded by other artists. Some examples are "Lonely Nights" by Uriah Heep, "Jealousy" by Prism, "Tonight" by Randy Meisner, and "Fits Ya Good" by Tove Naess, to name a few.


Tracks: 


1.	"Lonely Nights"  
2.	"One Good Reason"  
3.	"Don't Look Now"  
4.	"Coming Home"  
5.	"Fits Ya Good"  
6.	"Jealousy"  
7.	"Tonight"  
8.	"You Want It, You Got It"  
9.	"Last Chance"  
10.	"No One Makes It Right"  






Cuts Like a Knife 1983


Cuts Like a Knife is the third studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. Released on 18 January 1983 through A&M Records, the album became a huge commercial success in Canada and the United States whereas outside North America, the album did poorly. After the release of Reckless the album would chart on the British album chart and would later be certified Silver by the BPI.[1][2] It was recorded at Little Mountain Sound, Vancouver, Canada.

Three singles were released from the album: "Straight from the Heart", "Cuts Like a Knife" and "This Time"; the three were responsible for launching Adams into mainstream popularity.

The recording for the album was between 13 August-20 October 1982.[4] Mixing started on 14 October and would end the 20. October.[4] "Straight from the Heart" was recorded at Little Mountain Sound, Vancouver, Canada by Bob Clearmountain and Adams, it was later mixed at Le Studio, Morin-Heights, Canada.[4] "Straight from the Heart" was originally written in 1978, the title for the song originally came from his friend Eric Kagna.[4] This song was the last recorded song for the album.[4] Adams didn't really want "This Time" to be recorded but since Clearmountain insisted the song was recorded at Little Mountain studio.[4]

"Straight from the Heart" is a rock song written by Adams and was released in December 1982 as the first single released from the album, which was released the next month. It is arguably one of Adams' most recognizable and popular songs. The song peaked at the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 at 10 and 32 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song has appeared on all of Adams' compilation albums with the exception of The Best of Me.

"Cuts Like a Knife" was released in 1983 and became one of the most successful songs from Cuts Like a Knife on the American rock charts and arguably one of Adams most recognizable and popular songs from the 80s.[4] "Cuts Like a Knife" was released worldwide on March, 1984.[4] The song reached the top ten on the Mainstream Rock Tracks at six and was Adams first top ten hit on the mainstream rock chart, "Cuts Like a Knife" would also chart on the Billboard Hot 100 at 15.[5] "Cuts Like A Knife" was Adams first the top twenty hit on the Canadian singles chart and remained in the top twenty for six weeks.[6] "Cuts Like a Knife" was released the following month in Europe but didn't chart.

"This Time" is a rock song written by Adams and Vallance and was the third single released from the album. "This Time" was Adams first single to chart in Europe. While it charted after being re-released in the United Kingdom. The song peaked at the top thirty on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart at 21, it would also chart on the Billboard Hot 100 at 24.

Adams breakthrough album Cuts Like a Knife co-produced by Adams and Bob Clearmountain, peaked at number eight on the Billboard 200. The album was released in January, 1983 and featured the hit singles "Straight from the Heart", "This Time" and "Cuts Like a Knife". "Cuts Like a Knife" and "Straight from the Heart" were nominated for a Juno Award for Single of the Year, "Cuts Like a Knife" would win the Composer of the Year award. In Canada Cuts Like a Knife was certified three times platinum and the album would also be certified in the United States reaching platinum.

Cuts Like a Knife included the hits "Straight from the Heart", "This Time", "Cuts Like a Knife", "I'm Ready", "The Only One" and "Take Me Back". All the singles had accompanying music videos. The first three singles charted on the Billboard Hot 100, while only "Straight from the Heart" peaked at the top ten.[5] "Cuts Like a Knife" would become the most successful single from Cuts Like a Knife at its time of release on the rock charts, reaching number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number six on the mainstream rock chart.[5]

The Cuts Like a Knife tour started in eastern Canada.[3] In March, Adams started the American leg of the tour, after five months Adams had performed over 100 dates.[3] He later joined the British progressive rock band Supertramp on their tour in North America. He then traveled to Vancouver where he played live in front of 30,000 fans.[3] Later on he went down to Europe for a six week solo tour. He played in six different countries.[3] November, 1983 Adams went to Japan to start his own headline tour. By this time Adams had been on the road 283 days.[3] Adams supported The Police when he toured in Australia and New Zealand.


Tracks: 

1.	"The Only One"  
2.	"Take Me Back"  
3.	"This Time"  
4.	"Straight from the Heart"  
5.	"Cuts Like a Knife"  
6.	"I'm Ready"  
7.	"What's It Gonna Be"  
8.	"Don't Leave Me Lonely"  
9.	"Let Him Know"  
10.	"The Best Was Yet to Come"  






Reckless 1984


Reckless is the fourth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. Released on October 29, 1984 through A&M Records, the album was a huge commercial success, selling over 5 million units in the United States alone. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard 200 and reached high positions in charts worldwide.[1] It was recorded at Little Mountain Sound Studios, Vancouver, Canada.

Six singles were released from the album: "Run to You," "Somebody," "Heaven," "Summer of '69," "One Night Love Affair," and "It's Only Love." All six singles made the top 15 on the US Billboard Hot 100, a feat that at the time had been accomplished previously only by Michael Jackson's "Thriller."

The album was ranked #49 on Kerrang!'s "100 Greatest Heavy Metal Albums Of All Time".[2]

On December 12, 2009 INTHESTUDIO celebrated the 25th Anniversary of the album.

In March 1984, the recording for Reckless began after extensive touring for the support of Cuts Like a Knife.[3] Unhappy with the recording process, Adams decided to take a month off.[3] In August Adams headed back to the studio with Tina Turner on the track "It's Only Love", he also returned to the studio with more new songs and started re-recording songs which would lead to the development of such tracks as "Run to You", Summer of '69", and "Heaven".[3]

"Run to You" was recorded after a tour in Asia.[4] The recording for "Run to You" started on the March 27, 1984 and went through the summer[4] at Little Mountain Sound Studios, Vancouver, and was mixed in New York by Bob Clearmountain.[4] The mixing of the song was finished on September 21.[4] The recording of "Heaven" started on June 6 and lasted only two days, ending on, June 7.[4] The song was recorded for the film A Night in Heaven, and was mixed on June 16, 1984 by Bob Clearmountain.[4] "Summer of '69" was written on January 25, 1984 with Jim Vallance. The recording took place at Little Mountain Sound Studios, Vancouver, Canada where the song was recorded three times over the winter. It was mixed in New York by Bob Clearmountain on November 22, 1984.[4]

"Run to You" was the debut single from Reckless and was released in October 1984 and became one of the most successful songs from Reckless on the American rock charts and arguably one of Adams most recognizable and popular songs.[4] "Run to You" was released worldwide on the October 18, 1984.[4] The song reached the top ten on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and was Adams first number one hit on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and number six on the Billboard Hot 100.[1] "Run to You" reached the top twenty on the Canadian singles chart and remained in the top twenty for seven weeks. "Run to You" had reached the highest Canadian chart positions Adams had reached at the time of its release and his second top twenty hit single in Canada.[5] "Run to You" was released the following month in Europe and peaked at the top ten in Ireland at number 8 and reached the top twenty on the UK Singles Chart at eleven and was his second single to chart in Europe.[6][7]

"Somebody" was released in the Winter of 1985 and became one of the most successful songs from Reckless on the American rock charts.[4] "Somebody" was released worldwide in 1984.[4] The song reached the top five on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and was Adams second number one hit on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100.[1] "Somebody" reached the top twenty on the Canadian singles chart and remained in the top twenty for six weeks. "Somebody" was Adams third top twenty hit on the Canadian chart.[1] "Somebody" was released the following month in Europe and peaked at the top twenty in Ireland at number 20 and reached the top forty on the UK Singles Chart at 35 and was his third single to chart in Europe.[6][7]

"Heaven" is a rock song written by Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance and was the third single from Reckless. The song topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart and peaked at number 9 on the Billboard mainstream rock tracks.[1] The song has appeared on all of Adams' compilation albums with the exception of The Best of Me. The single was certified Gold in Canada in 1985.[8]

Although "Summer of '69" was officially released to US radio in 1984, it appeared on the Billboard magazine's Hot 100 chart at 5 and 40 on the mainstream rock tracks.[1] In Canada, "Summer of '69" was officially released to radio on November, 1984.[4] The song reached the top twenty on the Canadian Singles Chart and remained in the top twenty for another month. "Summer of '69" was the highest charting single from Reckless with "Heaven".[1]

The song was released in Australia, Europe and New Zealand in 1985. "Heaven" reached the UK top fourthy, while "Summer of '69" peaked at the top fourthy.[6] "Summer of '69" continued the trend of higher-charting singles when it debuted and peaked at top twenty in most of the European countries it charted. Adams' previous singles had charted much weaker in Europe and "Summer of '69" would be Adams' second single to chart in mainland Europe.

Although "Summer of '69" reached the top ten in Norway and then the top twenty in the Austria, Ireland and Sweden, it was a moderate top hundred success in Germany where it peaked at 62.[7][9][10][11][12]

Adams has stated that:

"'Summer of '69' - i think it's timeless because it's about making love in the summertime. There is a slight misconception it's about a year, but it's not. '69' has nothing to do about a year, it has to do with a sexual position."[13]

Co-writer Jim Vallance has always gone for the more conventional interpretation of the title being a reference to a year. He notes Jackson Browne's "Running on Empty", which contains references to 1965 and 1969, as his own influence, and recalls Adams cited the film Summer of '42 as his.[14]

Although "One Night Love Affair" was officially released to US radio in 1985, it appeared on the Billboard magazine's Hot 100 chart at 13 and 7 on the mainstream rock tracks.[1] In Canada, "One Night Love Affair" was officially released to radio on February 1985.[4] The song reached the top twenty on the Canadian Singles Chart and remained in the top twenty for another month. "One Night Love Affair" was the lowest charting single from Reckless.[1]

One of Adams' most successful albums, Reckless, co-produced by Adams and Bob Clearmountain, peaked at number one on the Billboard 200. Upon its release, the album reached #6 on the Billboard 200 in January 1985 before dropping out of the top ten. The success of the singles "Heaven" and "Summer of '69" renewed interest in the album and it began climbing back up the chart, eventually reaching #1 in August 1985.

Reckless included the hit singles "Run to You", "Heaven", "Summer of '69", "One Night Love Affair", and "It's Only Love". All the singles had accompanying music videos, and each one charted on the Billboard Hot 100, with "Run to You", "Summer of '69", and "Heaven" peaking in the top ten. "Heaven" would become the most successful single from Reckless at the time of its release on the US music charts, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and number nine on the mainstream rock chart.

The single "It's Only Love" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group. In 1986, the song won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Stage Performance. The album is Adams best-selling album in the United States and was certified five times platinum.

In December 1984, Adams and his touring band which consists of Keith Scott, Dave Taylor, Pat Steward and Johnny Blitz played concerts in Chicago, Detroit, New York City and Philadelphia.[3] In early 1985, Adams' started a tour throughout the United States, then later Japan, Australia, Europe and at last Canada after winning four Juno Awards.[3] Later he headed south towards the American West Coast, culminating with two dates at the studded Paladium in Los Angeles.[3]

After the tour in the United States Adams traveled to Ethiopia to aid famine relief.[3] Adams later headed back to Europe for a fifty-city concert tour with Tina Turner, culminating in April with his return to London to headline three sold-out shows at the Hammersmith Odeon.[3] Adams began the first leg of his tour entitled "World Wide in 85" which started in Oklahoma.[3] The tour ended in October.[3] Adams would later visit Vancouver, and afterwards he returned to the American East Coast to play two sold-out concerts in New York.


Tracks: 

1.	"One Night Love Affair"  
2.	"She's Only Happy When She's Dancin'"  
3.	"Run to You"  
4.	"Heaven"  
5.	"Somebody"  
6.	"Summer of '69"  
7.	"Kids Wanna Rock"  
8.	"It's Only Love" (Feat. Tina Turner)
9.	"Long Gone"  
10.	"Ain't Gonna Cry"  





Into The Fire 1987


Into the Fire is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. Released on March 30, 1987 through A&M Records, the album was a commercial success, albeit somewhat of a disappointment following the huge success of 1984's "Reckless". Into the Fire sold over 2 million units worldwide, peaking at number 7 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide.[1] It was recorded at Adams' home in London, England.

Six singles were released from the album: "Heat of the Night", "Hearts on Fire", "Victim of Love", "Only the Strong Survive", "Into the Fire" and "Another Day".

The recording for Into the Fire started on August 16, 1986 and finished on October 24. It was recorded a studio set up in Adams' house.[3] Adams and his backing band, which consisted of Keith Scott, Mickey Curry, Dave Taylor and Tommy Mandel, used the dining room, bathroom and bedroom to isolate the different instruments.[3] The studio was named Cliffhanger since Adams' house was close to the sea.[3] "Heat of the Night" was recorded September 12, 1986. "Hearts on Fire" was originally written for Reckless in 1984 but was recorded on September 1, 1986.[3] "Hearts on Fire" was mixed in London, England on January 11.[3]

By the time Into the Fire was completed, there were only two songs Vallance and Adams were satisfied with: the dark and depressing "Victim of Love", and the upbeat "Hearts on Fire", which was written during the Reckless recording sessions, two years earlier.[4] A significant influence to the album was Adams' involvement with The Police, Peter Gabriel and U2 on the six-city "Amnesty International Conspiracy of Hope" tour in 1986.[4] After the Amnesty tour Adams wanted to be taken more seriously as a songwriter and recording artist.[4] Adams believed a change in musical and lyrical direction was the way to achieve that goal.[4]

As Adams said to Rolling Stone Magazine "We wanted to make a record with more lyrical depth". Where Adams had previously used guitars, they would instead employ the latest in "sampling".[4]

The song "Into the Fire" was recorded in 1986 at "Cliffhanger", his home studio in West Vancouver.[4] At the recording session Adams and Bob Clearmountain had problems with the guitar sound.[4] On the demo for "Into the Fire" Adams and Vallance used a Rockman pocket amplifier.[4]

One of Adams' most successful albums, Into the Fire co-produced by Adams and Bob Clearmountain, peaked at number seven on the Billboard 200. The album was released in March 1987 and featured the singles "Heat of the Night", and "Hearts on Fire". The hit single "Heat of the Night" was nominated for a Juno Award for Single of the Year in 1987, and became Adams' only single from Into the Fire to chart in mainland Europe.[5][6][7][8] This doesn't mean the album was unsuccessful since the album sold over two million copies worldwide at its time of release while Adams previous album, Reckless, had sold over 12 million and in that context Into The Fire can only be viewed as a commercial failure.[4] As Adams said:

"I have to laugh when the press say that LP didn't do well because it did as well as Cuts Like Knife, but I suppose the perception was it wasn't Reckless II! Who cares? There were some songs that were slightly different than what we had written before ... some were, lets say, slightly more exploratory than we'd written in the past. Vallance was up for the songwriting challenge of not repeating Reckless."[4]

"Heat of the Night" was the debut single from Into the Fire and was released in the summer of 1987.[3] It was released worldwide in March 1987.[3] The song reached the top ten on the mainstream Rock Tracks at number 2 and it charted on the Billboard Hot 100 where it peaked at number 6.[1] "Heat of the Night" reached the top ten on the Canadian album chart and remained in the top ten for five weeks. It attained the highest Canadian chart position Adams had reached and was Adams' first top ten single in Canada.[9] "Heat of the Night" was released the following month in the UK and peaked in the top fifty on the UK Singles Chart at fifty.[10]

"Hearts on Fire" was the second single from Into the Fire. The song become a minor hit at its time of release. The song peaked at number twenty-six on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and peaked at number 3 on the Billboard mainstream rock tracks.[1]

"Victim of Love" and "Only the Strong Survive" would be the two follow-up singles to "Hearts on Fire". These singles became minor hits with "Only the Strong Survive" charting in Canada at number 47.[1][9] The last single from the album Another Day peaked at number 33 on the Billboard mainstream rock tracks and was the last single to be released from the album.[1]

On May, 1987 Adams started the Into the Fire tour where his first performance was in Shreveport, Louisiana with his backing band.[2] Adams first stop of the UK leg of the tour at the Prince’s Trust charity concert at Wembley Stadium, London.[2] Adams would later heads back to the United States to continue the American leg of the tour, Adams appeared on Late Night with David Letterman.[2] Adams would later sell out two nights in a row at Madison Square Garden in New York City and was visited backstage by Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys, he would later get a sold out show in Toronto, Ontario.[2] The tour continued through the Western United States.[2] Adams heads back to the UK on October 13 in Newcastle, England.[2] Adams sold out four nights in a row at Wembley Arena in London.[2] Adams starts his tour in mainland Europe and Adams previous album Reckless achieves gold status in Sweden and Into The Fire achieves gold status in Switzerland and later he travels to Dublin, Ireland.[2] Adams started the Asian leg of the tour and ended up selling out ten concerts, five of which were in Tokyo's Budokan. Into the Fire ends up being certified platinum with sales over 100,000 copies sold in Japan.[2] Adams headed back to Europe and played in East Berlin and later West Berlin. The last concert part of the Into the Fire tour was played in Locarno, Switzerland.


Tracks:


1.	"Heat of the Night"  
2.	"Into the Fire"  
3.	"Victim of Love"  
4.	"Another Day"  
5.	"Native Son"  
6.	"Only the Strong Survive"  
7.	"Rebel"  
8.	"Remembrance Day"  
9.	"Hearts on Fire"  
10.	"Home Again"  







Waking Up The Neighbors  1991



Waking Up the Neighbours is an album by Canadian singer/songwriter Bryan Adams released in 1991 (see 1991 in music) and his sixth studio album. The album was recorded at Battery Studios in England, and at The Warehouse Studio in Vancouver, mixed at Mayfair Studios in England, and mastered by Bob Ludwig at Masterdisk in New York City. "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" was number one on the British charts for a record-breaking sixteen weeks.[1] After this success, the album was propelled to the #1 spot on the UK album chart, however only for one week.[2] The album has sold 15 million copies worldwide becoming Adams'best-selling album.[3]

The album was also notable in Canada for creating controversy concerning the system of Canadian content.[4] Although Adams was one of Canada's biggest recording stars at the time, his collaboration with the British–Zambian Lange meant that, under the rules in force until 1991, Waking Up the Neighbours did not qualify as Canadian content.[4] In September of that year, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission announced that the Canadian content rules would be changed to allow collaborations with non-Canadians.

The album was recorded at Battery Studios in England and the Warehouse Studios in Canada. Recording began in March 1990, and along with mixing, finished in June 1991. The tune for "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" had been written by Michael Kamen in the 60s.[5] When he was finished he sent it to Adams and Lange who wrote the lyrics and instead of using traditional instrumentation for a medieval lyric gave it a rock treatment featuring Little Feat’s Billy Payne on keyboards.[5] On its release it topped the charts in 16 countries and sold over eight million copies worldwide becoming one of the biggest selling singles of all time.[5] The song was nominated for an Academy Award but it lost to the Disney theme “Beauty and The Beast”.[5]

"(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" is a song co-written and performed by Bryan Adams, featured on the soundtrack for the film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves in 1991. It was an enormous chart success internationally, spending seven weeks at number one in the United States' Billboard Hot 100, sixteen consecutive weeks at number one in the UK singles chart (the longest in British chart history), and nine weeks at number one on the Canadian singles chart in Canada.[2][6][8] The song won a Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television in the Grammy Awards of 1992, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Song of 1991.[9] In May 1991, Julien Temple directed the music video for "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You", The music video was shot in Sheffield, England May 17 - 18.[10]

"Can't Stop This Thing We Started" was the second single from the album. A rock song in contrast to "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You", it peaked at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100, behind Prince's "Cream".[8] "Can't Stop This Thing We Started" received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance, Solo, winning none.[3]

"There Will Never Be Another Tonight" was the third single from the album. The title came from a fragment Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance wrote in late 1980s. The phrase was written into the song in the end of 1990 and released on Adams' album in 1991.

"Thought I'd Died and Gone to Heaven" was the fourth single released from Waking up the Neighbours. Penned down by Jim Vallance and Bryan Adams the song has much rock flavour in its music part, however lyrically it's a love song.[3] "Thought I'd Died and Gone to Heaven" reached #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #14 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks, In the UK, it reached #8.[2][8]

"All I Want Is You", "Do I Have to Say the Words?" (#11 on the Billboard Hot 100) and "Touch the Hand" where also released as singles but didn't get the heavy rotation as the first four singles released

Waking Up the Neighbours co-produced by Adams and Mutt Lange and peaked at number six on the Billboard 200.[8] The album was released in September 1991 and featured the single "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You", which was also used in the film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, starring Kevin Costner and Alan Rickman. The album and single topped the charts in many countries with "(Everything I Do) I Do It For You" spending record-breaking 16 weeks at number one on UK Singles Chart and topped the charts in 17 countries.[4][14] It also made record-breaking sales of 4 million copies in the US.[15] Canadian content regulations were revised in 1991 to allow radio stations to credit airplay of this album towards their legal requirements to play Canadian music.[4] The album has sold a total of 10 million copies worldwide and has become Adams second best-selling album worldwide.[3] Adams won a Grammy Award in 1992 for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television for "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You".

Waking Up the Neighbours included the hit singles "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You", "Can't Stop This Thing We Started", "There Will Never Be Another Tonight", "Thought I'd Died and Gone to Heaven", "All I Want Is You", "Do I Have to Say the Words?" and "Touch the Hand" the four first had accompanying music videos. The four first including "Do I Have to Say the Words?" was placed on the Billboard Hot 100. "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" was the most successful song from Waking Up the Neighbours on the rock charts, reaching number 10 on the Mainstream Rock Charts and number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.[8] "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" arguably became Adams' most recognizable and popular song. Its music video received heavy airplay on music television.

The album made much controversy in Canada concerning the system of Canadian Content, even if Adams was one of Canada's biggest recording stars at the time, his collaboration with non Canadians meant that the album and songs were not Canadian.[4]

In February 1992, Adams had issues with his homeland’s “Canadian Content” regulations, which restricted airplay of his album because Adams co-wrote and co-produced the record with an Englishman, Mutt Lange.[16] Adams briefly threatened to boycott the annual Juno Awards, where he ended up winning Entertainer and Producer of the Year awards.[16]

Adams called the Canadian Content rule "a disgrace, a shame...stupidity." and said:

"You'd never hear Elton John being declared un-British," Adams continues. It's time to abolish the CRTC. Not everyone agrees."[4]

In September of that year, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission announced that the Canadian content rules would be changed to allow collaborations with non-Canadians

Before the release of the album, he began touring in support of it, and on June 8, 1991, he had gone back on the road in Europe co-headlining with ZZ Top. Shortly after the tour started, "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You" was released as the debut single for the album which became a massive hit.[17] Adams further supported the album with his tour Waking Up the World, which started in October 1991 and ran through May 1993. On October 4, 1991, the World Tour started in Belfast, Northern Ireland. On December 18, 1991, Adams played his 2 first-ever shows in Reykjavik, Iceland. Adams went to the U.S. where he performed at the Ritz Theatre on January 10.[10] It was a sell-out in less than 20 minutes.[10] In attendance were music legends Ben E. King and Nona Hendrix.[10] The Canadian leg of the ‘Waking Up The World’ Tour kicked off in Sydney, Nova Scotia on January 13, 1992, and wrapped up with a standing room only concert in Vancouver, British Columbia, on January 31. In February 1992, he started touring in New Zealand & Australia for 7 dates - kicking off with a press conference in Sydney. On February 21 the tour headed to Japan for close to a dozen shows in 6 cities. Bryan taped an interview with Much Music’s Terry Dave Mulligan in Calgary, Alberta and the[10] air date was scheduled for mid-March. The tour continued through several European countries in June of 1992, including Italy, Germany, Holland and Scandinavia, and in July 1992, Bryan performed for the first time in Hungary and Turkey. September through December of 1993 saw the tour in the U.S. The Asian tour headed to Thailand, Singapore, Japan, and Hong Kong in February, 1993, before returning to the U.S. during March through May.



Tracks: 


1.	"Is Your Mama Gonna Miss Ya?"  
2.	"Hey Honey - I'm Packin' You In!"  
3.	"Can't Stop This Thing We Started"  
4.	"Thought I'd Died and Gone to Heaven"  
5.	"Not Guilty"  
6.	"Vanishing"  
7.	"House Arrest"  
8.	"Do I Have to Say the Words?"  
9.	"There Will Never Be Another Tonight"  
10.	"All I Want Is You"  
11.	"Depend on Me"  
12.	"(Everything I Do) I Do It for You"  
13.	"If You Wanna Leave Me (Can I Come Too?)"  
14.	"Touch the Hand"  
15.	"Don't Drop That Bomb on Me"  








18 Til I Die 1996



18 til I Die is the seventh studio album by the Canadian rock legend Bryan Adams. Released on June 4, 1996 through A&M Records, the album became a commercial success peaking at #1 in United Kingdom and number two in his homeland Canada. It was recorded on different locations which included Jamaica and France. The album was panned by critics and they said they was trying to be youthful and said he was "having a mid-life crisis". The albums was poorly received by fans in the US and sold only about 1,000,000 copies there. It became his last platinum album in the USA. Adams launched a world tour : "18 til i die" tour in May 1996 in Talinn, Estonia. "The Only Thing That Looks Good On Me Is You" was released as the first single on May 28. This is the first Adams album not to include a Jim Vallance song.

Five singles have been released from the album: "The Only Thing That Looks Good on Me Is You", "Let's Make a Night to Remember", "I'll Always Be Right There", "Star" and "18 til I Die". The album was released in June. To promote the album, Adams toured around North America and Europe.

The album was written and recorded and produced by Adams and R.J. 'Mutt' Lange in a house in Ocho Rios, Jamaica Winter 1994 - Summer 1995 and in two different houses in Provence, France Autumn 1995 - Spring 1996 using the Warehouse Studio Mobile Unit. Even the mix was done in a house in Provence, France March 1996 by Bob Clearmountain. Adams even played some of these songs live before release for example : He played "Lets Make A Night To Remember" at a soundcheck in a gig in 1993 during the "So Far So Good World Tour". Adams completed the 12 songs in 1995, but he felt that something was lacking in the album, and he went back and recorded 2 new songs : "The Only Thing" and "18 til i die". Adams named the album "18 til i die".

Bryan was under no pressure while recording this album, as he had no pressure of releasing a hit record, after the massive success of Waking Up The Neighbours and So Far So Good. Adams released "The Only Thing" in May and did promo's all round the world. He appeared on shows like "The Today Show" and "The David Letterman Show".

"18 Til I Die" was a massive commercial success during it's release in Europe. It debuted at #1 on The UK album chart. It performed disappointingly in the US. Although 18 til I Die was officially released in June 1996, in the United States the album peaked at 31 on the Billboard 200 and held that position for three weeks. While in Canada 18 til I Die would reach number 4. The album was released in Australia, Europe and New Zealand in late June 1996. 18 til I Die reached the UK top five and peaked at number on 1 which would be Adams' second in a row. Although 18 til I Die reached the top ten in the Netherlands, Belgia, Switzerland, Finland, Norway, Austria, Sweden, Germany and Australian, it was a moderate top twenty success in France and Netherland.

The album has been certified platinum in the United States and is Adams last studio effort which has been certified by the RIAA. "18 Til I Die" was ignored by rock programmers in the US after the success of his ballads and radio stations ignored him too.[1] 18 til I Die was certified three times platinum in Canada and Australia and two times platinum in the UK.[2][3][4].

18 til I Die included the hit singles "The Only Thing That Looks Good on Me Is You", "Have You Ever Really Loved A Woman", "Let's Make a Night to Remember", "Star", and "18 'Til I Die", all of which had accompanying music videos. The album included the number one hit "Have You Ever Really Loved A Woman" and "Let's Make a Night to Remember" was the third single from the album to chart in the United States peaking at 24 on the Billboard Hot 100, while the other singles became big hits in Europe. "The Only Thing That Looks Good on Me Is You" was the most successful song from 18 til I Die on the rock charts, reaching number 5 on the UK Singles Chart and number 1 on the Canadian Singles Chart. "The Only Thing That Looks Good on Me Is You" has arguably become one of Adams' most popular songs. Its music video received heavy airplay on music television.

The Australian version of 18 til I Die featured the song "I Finally Found Someone" (a duet with Barbra Streisand) in place of "You're Still Beautiful To Me" and had an alternate Cover with a purple background and a different track order, while the Japanese version contained the bonus song "Hey Elvis".



Tracks: 

1  "The Only Thing That Looks Good on Me Is You"  
2. "Do to You"  
3. "Let's Make a Night to Remember"  
4. "18 til I Die"  
5. "Star"  
6. "(I Wanna Be) Your Underwear"  
7. "We're Gonna Win"  	
8. "I Think About You"  	
9. "I'll Always Be Right There"  	
10. "It Ain't a Party If You Can't Come 'Round"  	
11. "Black Pearl"  		
12. "You're Still Beautiful to Me"  	
13. "Have You Ever Really Loved a Woman?"  
	






On a Day Like Today 1998


On a Day Like Today is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams, released in 1998 (see 1998 in music). Bryan recruited producer Bob Rock for this album. Bryan wanted to produce a hit album after critics panned his last studio album.

The lead single is "On a Day Like Today". The song was a hit and reached #13 on the UK Charts but song ignored in US where it didn't reach into both Billboard Hot 100 or Mainstream Rock Tracks. A shot from recording sessions is used as the cover of album. Single's B-side included songs "Bin There Done That" and cover of Joe Cocker's song "She Believes in Me", penned by Adams himself.

It was followed by "When You're Gone", a collaboration with Melanie C and a huge hit in all over the world with with an exception of United States. Later Bryan performed this song several times live with Mel C. including his concert in Slane Castle but generally in his other concerts he picks a female out of the audience to sing the song with him. B-side included tracks "Hey Baby" and "What Does It Do To Your Heart?". Another release of single included solo version of the song and a song called "I Love Ya Too Much". Song was the 82nd-best selling single of the 1990s. While version with Mel C. appeared in Adams' greatest hits album The Best of Me, he recorded this song with sex symbol Pamela Anderson for Canadian release of his another greatest hits album called Anthology

"Cloud Number Nine" was the third single and reached #6 on the UK Charts. Single featured only Chicane mix of the song. Original version appears only in an album. Song became huge hit in all over the world and became one of the well known songs of Adams. Chicane's Mix has become the standard live version Bryan plays live, Chicane joined Bryan onstage to perform this song and "Don't Give Up" on Bryan's DVD Live At Slane Castle. Song is also popular for its music video where Bryan is dressed in all white, in a white room with an Asian woman who is body painted all white. First single version also featured Bryan's cover of Celine Dion song Let's Talk About Love, which penned by Adams and acoustic version for "When You're Gone". Second version also included Basbombe mix of the song and a song called "Snippets", which is mixing of songs "C'mon C'mon C'mon", "Inside Out" and "Where Angels Fear to Tread".

Final single was a soft rock ballad called "Inside Out". Song became hit in various European countries and appeared in compilation albums The Best of Me and Anthology. Trisha Yearwood and Don Henley covered this song as a duet. Song's video featured Adams with a woman robot. B-side included live versions of Adams' hit songs Rock Steady (without Bonnie Raitt) and Back to You.

On s Day Like Today sold 3 million copies on its release and was a success except in the American market where it became the first album since 1983's "Cuts Like A Knife" to not obtain a platinum certification by the RIAA. It was certified Platinum in UK and 2X platinum in Canada. According to Allmusic the record company didn't do a lot of advertising for album.


Tracks:  

1.	"How Do Ya Feel Tonight"  
2.	"C'mon C'mon C'mon"  
3.	"Getaway"  
4.	"On a Day Like Today"  
5.	"Fearless"  
6.	"I'm a Liar"  
7.	"Cloud Number Nine"  
8.	"When You're Gone"  
9.	"Inside Out"  
10.	"If I Had You"  
11.	"Before the Night Is Over"  
12.	"I Don't Wanna Live Forever"  
13.	"Where Angels Fear to Tread"  
14.	"Lie to Me (South America, Australia Bonus track)"  






Room Service 2004


Room Service is a rock album by Canadian singer/songwriter Bryan Adams released internationally in 2004 and in the U.S. the following year. Room Service is Adams' ninth studio album and the first studio album for Adams since 1998's "On a Day Like Today". "Open Road" was the album's first single, followed by "Flying", and "Room Service". In the U.S. a fourth single was released, called "This Side of Paradise". In the summer of 2005, "Open Road" became the theme song for ESPN's SportsCenter series 50 States in 50 Days.

"East Side Story" was originally going to be released on Chicane's cancelled album Easy To Assemble with Adams on vocals and a different composition.

"Blessing In Disguise" was a bonus track in Japan. "Friday Night in London" also appears as a bonus track in sometimes. Both songs have appeared on single CD of "Flying".

Work on Room Service began in 2002 and was completed in 2004. Another album named Stripped was also recorded by Adams but not released since he wasn't happy with the songs. Stripped featured acoustic versions of the songs on Room Service.

Room Service debuted at #1 on Billboard Magazine's European chart. It reached #4 in the U.K. & #2 in Canada.

The resulting tour was a smash, with almost every concert being sold out. The Room Service Tour continued from 2004 through 2006. Bryan toured all round the world playing in countries like India, Pakistan, & Vietnam. Adams became the first Western artist to perform in Pakistan in 2006 at Karachi.

The disc opens with the dance number "East Side Story" which features vocal from Chicane. The second song is This Side of Paradise, which was released as the fourth single in America. It is a midtempo song wrtitten by Bryan Adams and Gretchen Peters. The third song is "Not Romeo Not Juliet" which is different from his other tracks, as he talks about two lovers splitting up. The fourth song "Flying" is the second single, it reached #39 in the UK chart. The next track "She's A Little Too Good For Me" is the most hard rocking song on the disc. Then comes the lead single, "Open Road" is among the best known songs of Adams and a fixture of his live concerts. The next song is the ballad "I Was Only Dreamin'" which has received very favourable reviews. Bryan later released this song in a French language as a duet with Emmanuelle Seigner titled "Ce N'était Qu'un Rêve". [1] This song is also credited as Michael Kamen's last work in music. The other songs are - "Right Back Where I Started From" , "Nowhere Fast" , "Why Do Ya Have To Be So Hard To Love" & bonus tracks "Blessing In Disguise" and "Friday Night in London". "Why Do Ya Have To Be So Hard To Love" is also featured on the U.S. version of Anthology. Adams stated that this song's vocals matched the song like "Please Forgive Me". [2]

The first video "Open Road" received heavy airplay on television. Bryan giving interviews and promoting the album. The video features Adams stuck in a traffic jam and opens the road to drive through. The second video "Flying" features Adams himself in the video. Room Service was the third video and it featured footage from Adams' concert in Lisbon. Last video shot for "This Side of Paradise". Video featured Adams and his band performs song at the stage. This video received airplay on US generally because of the single was released in only United States.



Tracks: 

1.	"East Side Story"  
2.	"This Side of Paradise"  
3.	"Not Romeo Not Juliet"  
4.	"Flying"  
5.	"She's a Little Too Good for Me"  
6.	"Open Road"  
7.	"Room Service"  
8.	"I Was Only Dreamin'"  
9.	"Right Back Where I Started From"  
10.	"Nowhere Fast"  
11.	"Why Do You Have to Be So Hard to Love"  








11  2008


11 is the eleventh studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams first released in Canada on March 17, 2008. The album was released worldwide by Universal Music Group through Polydor and has been a commercial success peaking at #1 in Canada, Switzerland and India and at #6 in the UK. It was recorded at The Warehouse Studio, Vancouver, Canada, and additionally at hotel rooms and backstage concerts around Europe.

Three singles were released from the album: "I Thought I'd Seen Everything", "Tonight We Have the Stars" and "She's Got a Way". The album was released in the United States exclusively through Wal-Mart and Sam's Club retail stores on May 13, 2008.[1] To promote the album, Adams toured around Europe on the "11 Days, 11 Cities" acoustic tour, playing new songs and old classics.

According to an interview with Adams on Canada AM, the title 11 was chosen because it is his eleventh album of completely original material, outside of live or compilation records, but including the soundtrack Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron. In addition, Adams mentioned on another interview:

“	I haven't really thought about the other associations that go along with the numerology of eleven. Although I think there is already people that are speculating all over the place. But truthfully from my standpoint there's no hidden meaning behind it.[2]
”

When interviewed by BBC journalist Mark Savage he asked Adams: "Why did you call the album 11?"

“	It's my eleventh studio album, and there 11 songs on it. There are no secondary meanings.[3]
”

Beginning with the Room Service and continuing on "11", Adams recorded the album significant portions of the albums outside the recording studio.[4] As Jim Vallance stated "Stacks of audio gear, which used to fill a room, can now be installed on your laptop, making it easy to record in a variety of unlikely locations." and later Adams stated:

"We'd order up some food or something and they'd come in and see the mattresses against the window, and microphones going into the toilet. But it worked. It dispelled the rumour that you have to record in a [sound proof] place."[4]

This is the first album since the 1991 album Waking Up the Neighbours album where Jim Vallance is writing songs with Adams.[4] At the recording season Vallance would send MP3 audio files by email to Adams.[4] Adams would add some elements and email them back to Vallance.[4] As Vallance has stated "We'd continue this process until the songs were completed. It required more time than the "old way", but in my opinion the results are every bit as good."[4]

11 was originally going to be an acoustic record.[5] While Adams wasn't sure and hadn't committed to the idea entirely even while writing and recording 11.[5] The idea became less of a reality when touring through Europe. As Adams said:

"I was on tour and I think there was an acoustic artist opening up this festival that we were doing," i was watching them play and I thought to myself, 'I can't imagine myself doing that.'[5]"

As Adams has said: "It was ready in August and it was basically done in September, the record company in Europe didn't want it to come out until March so we had to sit on it. You can imagine my frustration."[5] On January 24, 2008, it was announced that the first single, "I Thought I'd Seen Everything", was to be released internationally to radios on January 28.[6] The album itself was released internationally March 17, 2008. The album was released in the US along with the second single "Tonight We Have the Stars" on May 30. The latest single "She's Got a Way" was released in September 2008, along with a "New Mix" of the song released on his website and myspace page. The fourth single "Mysterious Ways" was released on October 22 and premiered on Adams website.

On October 5, 2008 a new Deluxe Edition of 11 was announced on his official website featuring New tracks and a DVD available November 10, 2008 in the UK, and November 11, in Canada.[7] The new CD features the original 11 tracks, A new song "Saved", plus the 2 songs released as B-sides "Way of the World" and "Miss America". The "New Mix" replaces the original version of "She's Got a way", plus a new "Chicane mix" of the same song.[8] The DVD is 56 minutes long featuring Bryan and his band in rehearsals of the original 11 tracks, plus behind the scenes footage and some conversations earlier this year.[7]

Allmusic reviewer Thomas Erlewine said "11 seems to be his tenth full-length proper album — his fondness for obvious hooks has flattened into clichés, with all of 11 feeling like something he's done before, some ten or 15 years ago."[9] Chris Jones from the BBC said "At times the toasted croak sounds a little dispassionate, as though Adams himself has been preaching this gospel of six-stringed love so long now (this is his 25th year as a megastar) that he's having trouble really believing it himself."[9] Matt O'Leary from Virgin Media said " 11 is a nicely put-together album of mid-tempo rock tracks (with a smattering of "let's make tonight last"-style ballads) but songs like Broken Wings plumb cliché deeper than it has been plumbed for a long time - and, as mentioned, the over-familiar rasp of the delivery makes it a little more irksome."[10]

"11" was officially released in May, 2008 and charted on the Top Independent Chart, Top Rock Charts, European Albums Chart, Comprehensive Album Chart and the Top Digital Albums in the United States. The album peaked at 80 on the Billboard 200 and was Adams first studio release since Waking Up the Neighbours to peak at number-one on the Canadian Albums Chart.[11]

The album was released in Oceania, Europe and Asia on March 17, 2008. 11 peaked at 6 on the UK Albums Chart and reached the top ten in Switzerland, India, Germany, Austria, Denmark, Portugal, Netherland and Romania.[12][13][14][15][16][17][18][19] Charting at the top 20 in Hungary and Spain and peaking at the top 30 in Finland, Ireland and Sweden the top 40 in Australia and Norway, the top 100 in Italy and Poland and the top 200 in France

"I Thought I'd Seen Everything" is a rock song written by Bryan Adams, Eliot Kennedy and Robert John "Mutt" Lange. The song's musical-style and production were heavily inspired by rock and pop music from the 1980s, and its lyrics chronicle a relationship. The song was released as a download only single in the UK on March 17, 2008. Although "I Thought I'd Seen Everything" was officially released to US radio on March 1, 2008, it proved somewhat popular on Adult Contemporary radio where it peaked at the top thirty and peaked at 20.[11] In Canada "I Thought I'd Seen Everything" was officially released to radio in March, 2008. The song reached the top fifty on the Canadian Hot 100 chart where it peaked at the top 50 on 47.[11]

"Tonight We Have the Stars" is the second single from the album. It was written by Bryan Adams, Jim Vallance and Gretchen Peters. The song was released as a digital single on June 6, 2008.[30] The B-side is a live solo acoustic performance of "Somethin' to Believe In" in Barcelona, Spain from his digital UK EP "Live From Barcelona".

Adams has stated: "This album is about searching for something." The meaning behind the song "Oxygen," is "simply that we need it in order to survive. The person you are with is giving you the air you breathe. [In other words], we need each other 100%."[31] The song "Broken Wings," is about "somebody who taught me how to fly. It is a metaphor.[31] It is about putting your trust in somebody who can give you faith and the belief that you can succeed."[31] "Something to Believe In" is a song "about the affirmation of life, about beliefs," while "Walk on By" warns the listener not to "look over your shoulder."[31] "I like the melancholy mood of it," he says.[31] "I generally close all of my albums with a track like that. I'm, like, saying you're on your own now."[31]

In support of the release of 11, Adams started the ‘11 concerts, 11 cities’ tour, having concerts in 11 different countries in just 11 days.[32] The intimate shows at some spectacular venues will see Adams perform an acoustic set, on stage, with just his guitar and harmonica.[32] The London show was on the March 11, 2008 at St. James Church in Piccadilly.[32] The last stop of his 11 days concert tour was in Copenhagen, Denmark on the March 17.[32] After the ‘11 concerts, 11 cities’ Adams went and acoustic tour where he toured with Foreigner and Rod Stewart to support his new album.[33] Zimbio asked Adams: "With the acoustic tour, which of your songs do you feel sound best acoustically?"

“	Well, they all work acoustically, because they were all written on an acoustic guitar. This album started out as an acoustic record and halfway through I sort of switched gears and decided to make sort of an acoustic rock record. When I play the songs live, it has actually sort of led me into a path of this next tour, which is my first American acoustic tour. I feel confident enough with these songs and with the songs in the past that the show is going to be quite interesting, sort of hearing these songs stripped down completely, just myself and a guitar




Tracks: 


1.	"Tonight We Have the Stars"  
2.	"I Thought I'd Seen Everything"  
3.	"I Ain't Losin' the Fight"  
4.	"Oxygen"  
5.	"We Found What We Were Looking For"  
6.	"Broken Wings"  
7.	"Somethin' to Believe In"  
8.	"Mysterious Ways"  
9.	"She's Got a Way"  
10.	"Flower Grown Wild"  
11.	"Walk On By"  

	

Deluxe Edition Bonus Tracks: 

	
12.	"The Way of the World" (Originally a UK/Japan Bonus Track/B-side of lead single)

13.	"Saved"  
14.	"Miss America" (Originally an iTunes Bonus Track/B-side of lead single)
15.	"She's Got a Way" (Chicane Remix)





Enjoy Bryan Adams :)
