muvee Reveal v8.0.1.13736.2286 | 103 mb

 muvee Reveal lets you create and share personalized, professional looking home movies in a few quick steps. With automatic motion and face detection, your photos and video are synced to the beat of your favorite music.

Tell your story the way you want to through advanced personalization features including captions, voiceover and music trimming. Post toFacebook or burn to DVD – the sharing possibilities are endless. Home movie making has never been so easy. 

 Many video software programs are complicated and take a long time to learn, muvee Reveal is different. In most video software  you have to go through a steep learning curve to learn the software and then spend a great deal of time working on timelines, tweaking effects and using sync markers just to make a short home video. muvee Reveal eliminates all the complexity and lets you concentrate on telling your story.

Constructed after years of working with and consulting professional video editors using manual video software tools.
Video software should let you do what you want to do – make a home video, make it look good and share it with friends and family. muvee Reveal is so simple it does not even come with an instruction manual.

Download, install, add media, add music, play, and upload, embed, burn or what ever takes your fancy. It's video software for anyone looking to create professional looking home movies without the fuss. 


Features:

Your World in High Definition - Muvee Reveal makes it easy to transfer HD video from your AVCHD and HDV camcorders so you can enjoy muvees in High Definition on your large screen television. Choose between 1280x720 and 1920x1080 resolution.

Style - One click and you can give your muvee the style of your choice. From scrapbook style to high energy. The style feature sets the mood with its unique effects and textures. In addition to the 10 free styles, you can also get more styles.

Make it your own - There are an infinite number of ways you can personalize your muvees. Music, style, captions, voiceover, and even details like credits at the end are all yours to choose. The possibilities are wide open.

Easy Transfer - One-touch transfer from your camcorder, phone, or camera makes it easy to import any pictures regardless of format.
Instant Full Screen Previews -

Even before you save your muvee, you can watch it instantly in full screen in DVD-quality. This allows you to review your muvee in greater detail and make ongoing changes at any time. You'll see exactly what you're getting instantly. And if you don't like it, you can change it on the spot. Instant gratification super-sized.

A New Way to Share - A new way to share muvees privately online with just one click. shwup lets you export and share your muvee directly with friends and family using a private online album. They can even contribute their own photos and video in the same album. It's your totally private online space. A new place for everyone to gather and share experiences.

Powerful Editing Tools - Muvee Reveal makes everything easy. Automatic brightness, color correction, rotate image, red eye reduction, focus in on specific details, image sequence - you're in control of it all and more.

Take it Anywhere - It's easy to transfer your muvee to your iPod, phone, or DVD. You can even play it on your PSP. You'll never be at a loss for ways to share your muvee.

Supported input formats-

Video: WMV, Quicktime, MPEG4, H.264, MPEG2, MPEG1, DV-AVI, 3GPP, DVD Camcorder MPEG2, AVCHD, AVCHD Lite, HDV
Pictures: JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP, TIFF
Music: MP3, WMA, AAC, WAV

Supported output formats-

Video: WMV, WMV-HD, Quicktime, MPEG4, H.264, MPEG2, MPEG1, AVI

Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Chinese (Simplified, Traditional), Japanese, Korean, Dutch, Portuguese (Portugal), Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Swedish

Recommended system requirements:

- Windows 7, Vista, XP Service Pack 2 (SP2)
- Intel Pentium 4 2GHz, AMD Athlon 64
- 1GB RAM (2GB for High Definition)
- Supporting OpenGL 1.4 and with 128MB VRAM (256MB for High Definition)
- Apple Quicktime is required for supporting MOV and iPhone / iPod formats
-. NET Framework 3.0

Website: http://www.muvee.com/en/products/reveal