Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Evolution is the name of Journey's fifth studio album. It was released in April 1979 on the Columbia Records label.

The album was their highest charting album to date, selling three million copies in the United States. They retained Roy Thomas Baker as producer but drummer Aynsley Dunbar was replaced with Steve Smith, formerly with Ronnie Montrose's band.

Evolution features their first top 20 hit, "Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin'", which shared the melody, and some of the lyrics, of Sam Cooke's "Nothing Can Change This Love". "Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin'" reached #16 in the United States. "Just the Same Way" featured original lead vocalist Gregg Rolie along with Steve Perry. "Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin'" appears as part of "The Big Medley" on Dream Theater's EP, A Change of Seasons. The original recording of "Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin'" appeared in the pilot episode of Glee and was used and recorded by the cast of Glee for a mash-up with "Any Way You Want It" for the first season finale.

Journey is an American rock band formed in 1973 in San Francisco, California, with former members of Santana. The band has gone through several phases, but its strongest commercial success came in the late 1970s to the early 1980s. During this period, they had hits with a series of power ballads and rock songs, including "Don't Stop Believin'", "Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)", "Faithfully", "Any Way You Want It", "Open Arms", "Send Her My Love", "Wheel in the Sky", "Who's Crying Now", "Stone In Love", "Lovin,' Touchin,' Squeezin;'", and "Lights". The group enjoyed a successful reunion in the mid-1990s with a major Grammy-nominated hit, "When You Love a Woman". Sales have resulted in two gold albums, eight multi-platinum albums, and one Diamond album (including seven consecutive multi-platinum albums between 1978 and 1987). They had 19 Top 40 singles, six of which reached the Top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Their signature song, "Don't Stop Believin'", is the top-selling catalog track in iTunes history, at more than three million downloads.

According to the Recording Industry Association of America, Journey has sold 47 million albums in the United States, making them the 28th best selling band. Their worldwide sales have reached over 75 million albums. A USA Today opinion poll in 2005 asked respondents to weigh in on who they thought was the best American rock band in history; Journey came in fifth place.

Journey has been eligible for induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame since 2000, but Gregg Rolie is the only current or former member of Journey who has been inducted — as a member of parent band Santana. Steve Perry, the band's best-known lead vocalist, has been eligible for induction as a solo artist since 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/