 http://bayimg.com/faPlOaacH

It's Alive III: Island of the Alive (1987)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093286/

DUAL AUDIO TRACKS
TRACK 1 RUSSIAN
TRACK 2 ENGLISH

  Michael Moriarty  ...  Stephen Jarvis  
  Karen Black  ...  Ellen Jarvis  
  Laurene Landon  ...  Sally  
  James Dixon  ...  Lt. Perkins  
  Gerrit Graham  ...  Ralston  
  Macdonald Carey  ...  Judge Milton Watson  
  Neal Israel  ...  Dr. Brewster  
  Art Lund  ...  Dr. Swenson  
  Ann Dane  ...  Dr. Morrell  
  William Watson  ...  Cabot  
  C.L. Sussex  ...  Hunter  
  Patch Mackenzie  ...  Robbins  
  Rick Garia  ...  Tony  
  Carlos Palomino  ...  First Cuban  
  Tony Abatemarco  ...  Second Cuban  
 
The father of one of the mutant babies, goes to court to argue for the rights of the children to live instead of being hunted down. He wins the case and the judge agrees to sequester the babies on a remote island and that the location be kept secret. However, Jarvis’s professional reputation is ruined as a result of the case. Five years later, Jarvis is approached by a research team who want to check on the status of the babies. Once on the island however, the babies slaughter the entire expedition excepting Jarvis, who is tentatively allowed to remain alive on the yacht by his own son. There he comes to realize that the babies have not only grown up to the point where they are breeding amongst themselves, but that they are also intelligent and telepathic. His son now returns to Florida in search of its mother.

Cohen’s quirky, offbeat sense of humour and remarkable reversals of sympathy for his monsters still serve well a third time around. The pre-credits sequence offers an amusing take on the old cliché of the taxi driver having to deliver a baby in the back of the cab. The first scene is an excellent courtroom debate – where sleazy lawyer Gerrit Graham tries to manipulate father Michael Moriarty into being scared of his baby so as to prove his point that the babies are inhumane, only for Moriarty to defy him, approach the baby, the baby to get loose and for Moriarty to then make a heartfelt plea persuading the judge that the babies should be spared. Michael Moriarty proved to be Larry Cohen’s ace in the hole upon several occasions, delivering standout performances in both Q and The Stuff. He clearly has a good deal of fun again here, illuminating a number of the early scenes with his dry, sarcastic wit – the aforementioned courtroom sequence, which holds a remarkable degree of persuasiveness; the party scene where Cohen sarcastically carps at celebrity exploitation; and an amusing scene where he is forced to take a job as a shoe salesman.

Larry Cohen’s other genre films are:– the bizarre alien messiah film God Told Me To/Demon (1976), the werewolf comedy Full Moon High (1982), the monster movie Q – The Winged Serpent (1982), the sentient fast food takeover film The Stuff (1985), A Return to Salem’s Lot (1987), the witch comedy Wicked Stepmother (1989) and the mad scientist film The Ambulance (1990). Cohen appears to have dropped out from directing low-budget genre films from the 1990s onwards and mostly now writes screenplays. Cohen’s other genre scripts include the psycho-thriller Daddy’s Gone A-Hunting (1969), the psycho artist film Scream, Baby, Scream (1970), the deformed psycho cop film Maniac Cop (1988) and its sequels Maniac Cop II (1990) and Maniac Cop 3: Badge of Silence (1992) (all three of which Cohen also produced), the original story for Abel Ferrara’s Body Snatchers (1993) remake, the stalker film The Ex (1996), Uncle Sam (1997) about a patriotically minded undead Gulf War veteran, the hilarious psycho sperm donor film Misbegotten (1997), the big-budget psycho-thriller Phone Booth (2002) and the imprisonment psycho-thriller Captivity (2007).

