I Finally Found A Serial On The Web So Here It Is And Enjoy!



Get Install Creator Pro Here: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4878502/Clickteam_Install_Creator_Pro_Serial








Create your first patch fast using the wizard
Fast and powerful compression system. Only the differences in the files are stored
Creates very small and professional executables. Only 50Kb for the extractor itself
The extractor's interface is 100% configurable, including all text, error messages and images
Preview the final look at any time during development
Produce multi-lingual updates. Make your own language templates
Patch files in the system directory
Update several versions within the same executable
Display a report when patch is completed
Retrieve installation directories from INI files or the registry base
Exclude several zones from the files to update, allowing you to preserve user-related data which is
stored within files (like software protection, registration numbers etc.)
As with Install Maker, Patch Maker produces an all-in-one executable instantly.
These executables have a surprisingly small size : the minimum size is only 50Kb, which equates to 10 seconds with a 56K modem connection. You save your customer some valuable connection time.
Compared to similar software, Patch Maker is by far the fastest.
It also has one of the best compression ratios available.
Patch Maker produces updaters with a professional and easy to use interface, very similar to those
used by installation programs.
Patch Maker handles upgrades from multiple previous versions to a final version, for example you can
have in the same patch upgrades from V1.0 to V1.2 and V1.1 to V1.2...






Please Seed, Sharing Is Caring.

No Viruses

N: 




#S#WBJNOF66M6U6YSTCYHCE55KRUSJ6W3ABI1OR3NFIUMFYTXY1GQAFNS612ORA5AQBDOWDQZIG12OQB3IPW#E#

ok guys this is embarassing but the version that comes with the serial is 1.0i The serial is for 1.2g, so just download 1.2g from the official website and enjoy!

Download here : 
http://www.softpedia.com/progDownload/Patch-Maker-Download-45362.html