Sex crimes and the Vatican (Christian Documentary) 

(Available on the internet as Benedict Pedophile Mastermind) 
 
An Investigation into allegations that a secret church directive, issued by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger before he became Pope Benedict XVI, is being used to silence the victims of child sex abuse by Roman Catholic priests. Colm O'Gorman, who was raped as a 14-year-old boy by his local parish priest in Ireland, travels to America, Brazil and the Vatican City to uncover more.

Sexual abuse of nuns and children is rampart in the Catholic Church. In third world countries, Nuns and teenage girls who cook for the priests are constantly violated. Only in very few cases when the victim becomes pregnant due to constant abuse are the deeds revealed. Even young boys are not safe from the lust of these predators. And in most of these cases the matter is hushed up without any investigation by the Church. 

The matter here that is of grave concern is that the Catholic Church is not doing anything to rectify this issue nor taking any precautions so that such incidents do not occour again. On the contrary there is a silent sanction from the higher ups reaching even to the pope. This is not suprising as there have been many popes in the past who have openly displayed pedophile behavior, the most notable one being Pope Leo X (his idea of entertainment was having nude young boys around him).   

Why am I posting this? 

For you to be careful. Your child could be next.....
Most of us Catholics are concentrated in the third world countries like Brazil, South America, Phillipines, India where poverty rules the roost. Thereby youngsters can become easy targets for these predatory priests. It is not that there are no such predators in other religions or in Atheism. There are plenty of them. The founder of one of the most important arabic religions was a confirmed pedophile and his followers are today following in his footsteps, en-masse. The problem for christianity is that Christians should not do such ungodly things even if the rest of the world is doing them. Christianity is a godly religion and every christian is expected to emulate Christ. Unfortunately, contrary to the Bible, Catholicism preaches a different Gospel; a gospel of good works, worship of Mary, prayers to Saints, Confessions, Indulgences and church rituals. it is little wonder that the priests in the absence of the guiding light of the Holy Spirit are actively involved in such perverted activities.

The real issue here is that the Catholic Church is not willing to help the victims nor is it open to the idea that there is a a problem. All these problems are happening because to save a few hundred dollars, the Church is not allowing its priests to marry. And the net result are the priests are having a field day working on their pedophile experience........

I feel this is a documentary every Catholic should watch. Your son/daughter could be next. Prevent it before it happens to one of your loved ones.......

Original Uploaders Comments:

A secret document which sets out a procedure for dealing with child sex abuse scandals within the Catholic Church is examined by Panorama.
Crimen Sollicitationis was enforced for 20 years by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger before he became the Pope.
It instructs bishops on how to deal with allegations of child abuse against priests and has been seen by few outsiders.
Critics say the document has been used to evade prosecution for sex crimes.

Crimen Sollicitationis was written in 1962 in Latin and given to Catholic bishops worldwide who are ordered to keep it locked away in the church safe.
It instructs them how to deal with priests who solicit sex from the confessional. It also deals with "any obscene external act ... with youths of either sex."
It imposes an oath of secrecy on the child victim, the priest dealing with the allegation and any witnesses.
Breaking that oath means excommunication from the Catholic Church.
Reporting for Panorama, Colm O'Gorman finds seven priests with child abuse allegations made against them living in and around the Vatican City.

One of the priests, Father Joseph Henn, has been indicted on 13 molestation charges brought by a grand jury in the United States.
During filming for Sex Crimes and the Vatican, Colm finds Father Henn is fighting extradition orders from inside the headquarters of this religious order in the Vatican.
The Vatican has not compelled him to return to America to face the charges against him.
After filming, Father Henn lost his fight against extradition but fled the headquarters and is believed to be hiding in Italy while there is an international warrant for his arrest.

Colm O'Gorman was raped by a Catholic priest in the diocese of Ferns in County Wexford in Ireland when he was 14 years old.
Father Fortune was charged with 66 counts of sexual, indecent assault and another serious sexual offence relating to eight boys but he committed suicide on the eve of his trial.
Colm started an investigation with the BBC in March 2002 which led to the resignation of Dr Brendan Comiskey, the bishop leading the Ferns Diocese.
Colm then pushed for a government inquiry which led to the Ferns Report.
It was published in October 2005 and found: "A culture of secrecy and fear of scandal that led bishops to place the interests of the Catholic Church ahead of the safety of children."

The Catholic Church has 50 million children in its worldwide congregation and no universal child protection policy although in the UK there is the Catholic Office for the Protection of Children & Vulnerable Adults.
In some countries this means that the Crimen Sollicitationis is the only policy followed. The Vatican has refused repeated requests from Panorama to respond to any of the cases shown in the film.

Runtime: 39 mins
Language: English
Sub-titles: Italian (hardcoded)
Year: 2006
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 8/10 

If financially possible, please buy this CD/DVD to keep Christian films in business. If Christians won't buy Christian films then who will?

Please seed. Let each one of us who call ourself Christians seed 2-3 movies each. So that these movies may become a blessing to all those who are hungry for God's word & grace. May Jesus bless all those who are seeding the christian torrents.

PS: If you need any specific christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! 
He has done all he could. 
Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Got from the Internet. Uploaded again by Indian Christian
