Here are some more books on popular culture and philosophy.  Most are PDF format, very good quality. PLEASE SEED!!

Art of the Ridiculous Sublime - On David Lynch's Lost Highway - Slavoj Zizek.pdf
Basketball and Philosophy - Jerry L. Walls, Gregory Bassham, eds.pdf
Battlestar Galactica and Philosophy - Jason T. Eberl, ed.pdf
Comics as Philosophy - Jeff McLaughlin, ed.pdf
Daily Show and Philosophy - Jason Hold, ed.pdf
Doing Philosophy at the Movies - Richard A. Gilmore.pdf
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (Philosophers on Film) - Christopher Grau, ed.pdf
Football and Philosophy - Michael W. Austin, ed.pdf
Gospel of the Living Dead - George Romero's Visions of Hell on Earth - Kim Paffenroth.pdf
Matrix and Philosophy - William Irwin, ed.pdf
Matrix in Theory - Myriam Diocaretz, Stefan Herbrechter, eds.pdf
Memento (Philosophers on Film) - Andrew Kania, ed.chm
Metallica & Philosophy - William Irwin, ed.pdf
Noir Anxiety - Kelly Oliver, Benigno Trigo.pdf
On Film (Thinking in Action) - Stephen Mulhall.pdf
On Film 2e (Thinking in Action) - Stephen Mulhall.pdf
Philosophy & The Matrix (excerpts) - Christopher Grau, ed.pdf
Philosophy & The Matrix.pdf
Philosophy Goes to the Movies - An Introduction to Philosophy - Christopher Falzon.pdf
Philosophy of Film and Motion Pictures - An Anthology - Noel Carroll, Jinhee Choi, eds.pdf
Philosophy of Film Noir - Mark T. Conard, ed.pdf
Philosophy of Horror - Or, Paradoxes of the Heart - Noel Carroll .pdf
Philosophy of Martin Scorsese - Mark T. Conard, ed.pdf
Philosophy of Neo-Noir - Mark T. Conard, ed.pdf
Philosophy of Science Fiction Film - Steven M. Sanders, ed.pdf
Philosophy of Stanley Kubrick - Jerold J. Abrams, ed.pdf
Philosophy of the Coen Brothers - Mark T. Conard, ed.pdf
Philosophy of the X-files - Dean A. Kowalski, ed.pdf
Philosophy of TV Noir - Steven M. Sanders, Aeon J. Skoble, eds.pdf
Philosophy, Black Film, Film Noir - Dan Flory.pdf
Routledge Companion to Philosophy and Film - Paisley Livingstone, Carl Plantinga, eds.pdf
Simpsons and Philosophy - William Irwin, Mark T. Conard, Aeon J. Skoble, eds.htm
Simpsons and Philosophy - William Irwin, Mark T. Conard, Aeon J. Skoble, eds.lit
Simpsons and Philosophy - William Irwin, Mark T. Conard, Aeon J. Skoble, eds.pdf
South Park and Philosophy - Robert Arp, ed.pdf
Steven Spielberg and Philosophy - Dean A. Kowalski, ed.pdf
Talk to Her (Philosophers on Film) - A.W. Eaton, ed.pdf
Terminator and Philosophy - Richard Brown, Kevin S. Decker, eds.pdf
Thin Red Line (Philosophers on Film) - David Davies, ed.pdf
Thinking on Screen - Film as Philosophy - Thomas Wartenburg.pdf
Twilight and Philosophy - Rebecca Housel, J. Jeremy Wisnewski, eds.pdf
Watchmen and Philosophy - Mark D. White, ed.pdf
X-Men and Philosophy - Rebecca Housel, J. Jeremy Wisnewski, eds.pdf
