Origionaly posted by an anonymous donor this is a repack of his girlfriend (or so he claims) I've colour corrected the pictures and adjusted the contrast and noise reduction to get the  best quality image from what was originally seeded.

The original torrent is here:  http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5640811/My_Ex-GF_Hot
This contains only the corrected ones. 

the original torrent is stuck at 96.7% adn this file does NOT include the partials that are incomplete

This is one of the finest looking amateur self-shoots I've seen and  would love to have her model for me.

FAQ: 
Q) where are the origional pictures?
A) Check the link above. if the torrent is still viable, you can grab them there.

Q) Can I trust you?
A) NO. you don't know me, you don't know what precautions I take for my computer or my up/downloads. The only person you can truse is yourself. get a reliable anti-virus and malware program and Scan the files, (You should be doing this already anyways)

Q) Why did you modify the files?
A) Sue is one of the most stunning amatures I have come across in a long time. The pictures could be vastly improved with a little batch processing, and once I had done it for my own viewing, it would be selfish not to share with the community that has given us years of excellent torrents.

Q) Can you fix my pictures for me?
A) Probably can, but I probably won't. If you upload them as a torrent, and I see and downlaod them, and decide that they are worth my time. I may do it if my time permits.

Q) How can I learn to do this myself?
A) Study, photography, graphic arts or take a course in Photoshop. Once you get the hang of the software the rest is easy.

Q) How can I get good pictures with my camera?
A) read the manual, pay attention to things like white balance, and shutter speeds. Practice, Take lots of pictures, but pay attention to what you are doing. Almost any camera can take good pictures if you take your time. You don't need an expensive pro camera. A Point and Shoot will work fine (I do discourage cell phone 
cameras as they are only adequate for Facebook and the like.)

Q) Do I need to leave comments?
A) no, but it is a courtsey to other Pirate Bay users if you verify torrents for them and they'll do the same for  you.

Q) How much do I need to seed?
A) There is no way to enforce a minimum seed. My recomendation is to seed for time equal to what it took to download, or a ratio of 2:1 which ever is the greater. longer if possible.

