Infinity
The Ultimate Trip --Journey Beyond Death

A Film by Jay Weidner

Featuring Gregg Braden, Dannion Brinkley, Renate Dollinger, Stanislav Grof, John Holland, Dzogchen Ponlop, Robert Thurman, Alberto Villoldo, Neale Donald Walsch and Brian Weiss. 

COVR Visionary Award Winner: Best DVD 2010

What happens after we pass from this world? Is there a life after this one? Or do we just disappear forever? These are the questions asked in this powerful and poignant feature documentary, Infinity: The Ultimate Trip. Many may be surprised by the answers.

Featuring noted experts Gregg Braden, Dannion Brinkley, Renate Dollinger. Stanislav Grof, John Holland, Dzogchen Ponlop, Robert Thurman, Alberto Villoldo, Neale Donald Walsch and Brian Weiss, Infinity: The Ultimate Trip brings a message of hope and optimism concerning the most mysterious act in a human life; the end of this life and journey to the beyond.

Using vital and beautiful imagery, along with personal accounts of near-death experiences, reincarnation and more, Infinity brings forth the story of our own infinite nature, what to expect after death and the magic and beauty that awaits us on the other side. Here we learn of the energetic landscape of the world that we enter after we die, the angels, or beings of light, who assist us in the passing and the promise of a new life. Infinity: The Ultimate Trip is an honest and hopeful assessment of the greatest journey that any of us will ever take. It changes our view from that of dread and pessimism to one of hope, joy and light.


Critical Acclaim for Infinity:

“a moving and visually pleasing film that shows how our lives are connected to the infinite intelligence of the universe, and that this connection is, indeed, eternal.”
--Spirituality and Health

“Few experiences evoke the emotion of fear more strongly than the thought of death. Yet, those who have had near death experiences have shown us that death can be illuminating, beautiful or incredibly educational for one's immortal soul. INFINITY: THE ULTIMATE TRIP takes a breathtaking look at death, contemplating what it means to cross over into the spiritual ream. The program discusses the process of letting go of earthly ties, forgiving one's self and learning to see yourself as part of something greater than you ever believed. Featuring discussion by authors and thinkers like Alberto Villoldo, Gregg Braden, Neale Donald Walsh, Robert Thurman and others, the program talks about the meaning of life--why we are here in the first place--and how death fits into that picture.”
--Music Design In Review

"Remember the original Star Trek mission “…to go boldly where no man has gone before.” Well the film, “Infinity”, embodies that mission giving us a “bird’s eye view” of the “death experience by exploring personal encounters with that mysterious realm. Amazing stories of being struck by lightning twice, a man “sucked” from his body by an unknown force, a young sickly boy near death leaves his body, a woman paints pictures from a previous lifetime and receives a visitation by an angelic presence. In sharing his motivation to make this film, Director Jay Weidner says, “When my Mother passed away in 2002, I was consumed by my own lack of ability to help her understand that deathis not the end of everything only another phase of consciousness. Witnessing her fear caused me to examine the subject of death and the afterlife.” For him it’s personal.

Neale Donald Walsch, Greg Braden, Dannion Brinkley, Dr. Alberto Villoldo, John Holland, Dr. Stanislav Grof, Dr. Robert Thurman, Dr. Brian Weiss, Dzogchen Ponlop and Renate Dollinger all share personal perspectives concerning experiences with death. Powerful stories told against a dazzling array of beautifully filmed visuals whose images lend support to the words being spoken. This is a quiet film with a powerful message.

This is a film clear in its message that life does not end with death, but is a doorway leading to a new beginning. The psychic medium, John Holland says there is celebration when we are born, yet on the other side they see us depart. Conversely when we die, our earthly loved ones mourn our passing, while the spirit world rejoices at ourreturn. This film helps to us see the bigger picture as both halves of the circle complete. This is a visually engaging film that is informative, and provides a comfortable way to approach talking about death."
--Jeff Ferrannini, Believe 11:11 Magazine

“A highly recommended film that gently and convincingly opens new vistas of truth and understanding.”
--Light of Consciousness Magazine