Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Poison Arrow" is a New Wave single released and popularised by ABC in 1982 and also included on their 1982 debut album, The Lexicon of Love. It reached #6 on the UK singles chart, #4 in Australia and also was their first entry on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, at #25. Karen Clayton provides the backing vocals.

The single was released in the UK on 7" and 12", with the same mix appearing on both formats; however a subsequent U.S. 12" remix (also known as the "Jazz Remix") appears on several ABC compilations and as a bonus track on reissues of The Lexicon of Love.

An alternate version of this song, entitled "Theme From Mantrap," was released as the B-side of "Poison Arrow" in the UK and The Look of Love in the US. Their UK hit "Tears Are Not Enough" was the US B-side of Poison Arrow.

In the music video, Martin Fry plays three roles — as a haughty upper-class opera patron, as a messenger boy at the opera, and as a bandleader at a 1960s-style swinging nightspot — and unsuccessfully attempts to woo the leading lady in all three roles.

The Lexicon of Love is the acclaimed chart-topping debut album by British pop band ABC, released in 1982. It is a concept album in which the singer experiences heartache as he tries and fails to have a meaningful relationship.

It was produced by Trevor Horn, engineered by Gary Langan, and featured orchestration by Anne Dudley and Fairlight CMI programming by JJ Jeczalik; Horn, Langan, Dudley and Jeczalik would later form the Art of Noise. Indeed, most of the production team and sessions players listed below would form the basis for the ZTT label, and their work with Horn meant all concerned would be in constant demand throughout the industry in years to come.

"Tears Are Not Enough" (in its initial release produced by Steve Brown), "All of My Heart", "Poison Arrow", and "The Look of Love (Part One)" were all Top 20 hits in the UK; the last two also charted in the US, peaking at #25 and #14 respectively. The album reached #1 on the British charts, and peaked at #24 in the U.S. charts.

In 1998, Q magazine readers voted The Lexicon of Love the 92nd greatest album of all time. In 2000 the same magazine placed it at number 40 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever.

In 2004, a deluxe 2-disc reissue including outtakes and early demos and a live performance of the album from 1982 was released on the Neutron label.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/