Jimmy Barnes - Flesh And Wood[Live][1993]Dvdrip.Eng.CW-P.XviD.AC3.
avi


Description: After his Soul Deep collection of covers of the soul 
songs which had inspired his career as a singer, Jimmy Barnes 
decided to take his music in yet another direction with 1993's 
Flesh and Wood.Comprised of a mixture of covers and original 
materials this album perhaps allows Barnes to show his vocal 
capabilities better than any of his previous albums ever had.

Not having to compete with amplified instruments it's much easier 
to hear and appreciate Barnes gritty soulful vocals. Whether it's 
Barnes own It Will Be Alright or his emotive cover of The Band's 
classic The Weight. These stripped down acoustic arrangements show 
the best of what Barnes was and is capable of.
When you toss in some guest spots with Aussie rock luminaries like
Diesel, Tommy Emmanuel, Ross Wilson, The Badloves, Deborah Conway 
and Archie Roach. The mix ends up being an even more well-rounded 
and a delightful treat.

The performances are relaxed but not restrained and completely 
unpretentious and the vocals are some of Barnes' strongest. 
The only truly weak moment is his cover of Elvis Presley's Love 
Me Tender which neither adds nor takes away anything from the 
original performance making it an unoffensive, if not bland, 
cover.

Highlights Of the 20 Tracks Performed live, include Barnes cover 
of the Cold Chisel classic Flame Trees, Ride the Night Away, and 
his stirring duet with Deborah Conway-- Let It Go.                                                                                           

Source: Pal Colour Dvd 5 Region 4 Dolby Digital

Video Resolution: 720 x 480                                        

Video Demuxer: Avi                                          

Video Format: XviD                                          

Video Bitrate: 2038kbps                                                

Video Framerate: 25fps                                           
 
Video Codec: ffodivx                                                  
                                                                 
Audio: English                                           

Audio Channels: 2 [AC3]                                      

Audio Bitrate: 192kbps                                       

Audio Frequency: 44100hz                                              
                                                       
Audio Codec: Mp3                                               

File Size: 1.33Gb                                           
                                                               
Play Duration: 85Mins 33Secs                                      

Comments: I hope you all enjoy this great music video as much as 
I do, But please be patient with my initial upload as I only have 
a maximum upload speed of 25kbps. You may whine about it as much 
as you like, but the fact is that, even though it may take a 
little longer, it will be there eventually for all to enjoy!!
Every Torrent Dies eventually in the Torrent Community due to a 
lack of SEEDS, so please lets endeaver to keep this torrent alive,
think of others, Don't just LEECH & LEAVE, 
FEED THE NEED & SEED!!!!!!!!!! 