t h e  c r a c k e r s  o f              
                                                   
                               
                   
                  
                              
                           
                                  
                         
[rAD!s]                  
                              
                             
                                             
                                                                 
                            p r e s e n t                           
                                                                    
                    Amnesia v1.1.4 *INCL.KEYMAKER*                     
                                                                         
                                                                         
      Cracked by....:  symmetry          Release-Name..:  CR-AM114.ZIP    
      Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2009/11/27      
     Packaged......:  Bergelmir         Release-Type..:  Util            
     Protection....:  Serial            OS............:  MacOSX         
     Crack/SN......:  Keymaker          Language......:  English        
    Rating........:  [You decide!]     Disks.........:  02             
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                          
                                                
                                              
                                        
                                         
                                          
                                                           
                                              
                                           
                                               
                                                         
                                         
                                       
                                            
                                              
                                                              
                                              
                                  
                                     
                                                  
                                                                  
                          ..: DESCRiPTiON :..                           
                                                                          
                                                                          
    Many software titles on Mac OS come with the uninstall directions     
    of simply "Drag the application to the Trash and empty it". In        
    reality, this often leaves many related files on the computer         
    taking up valuable hard drive space. Amnesia performs a smart scan    
    to determine all related files to be removed.                         
                                                                          
    Easily uninstall not just applications, but also Screen Savers,       
    Dashboard Widgets, and Preference Panes. Amnesia will remove logs,    
    caches, application support files, preferences, crash reports, and    
    other application specific files. Take the frustration and time       
    out of searching for all of these files manually. In addition,        
    turn on a secure deletion option to prevent recovery of the           
    removed files.                                                        
                                                                          
    Scared to accidently remove something you may need later? Amnesia     
    comes with a built-in backup function which creates an archive of     
    related files incase you wish to restore them at a later time. It     
    will reinstall the pieces of the product exactly where they came      
    from - even if you choose to restore to a different machine!          
                                                                          
    Another powerful feature Amnesia has to offer is the ability to       
    create a list of Untouchables (in addition to the ones built-in).     
    Untouchables are software products which Amnesia will warn you        
    about incase a remove is attempted. This is handy incase a            
    particular software product should be removed using a                 
    manufacturer-provided uninstaller instead.                            
                                                                          
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                          
                                                                   
                                                      
                                                          
                                                
                                                           
                                                       
                                                            
                ..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..              
                                                                     
                                                                         
                                                                         
    1. Make sure you're offline or use a firewall to block the           
      application from connecting to the internet. This is the only      
       way to gain access to offline activation.                         
                                                                         
    2. Select "Activate Product" from the main menu or when you're       
       given the option upon running the program for the first time.     
                                                                         
    3. Select "Activate this product now" and enter anything into the    
       buyer's email edit box.  This email is never used in display      
       or for registering, so it can be anything. Press                  
      Continue/Activate button.                                          
                                                                         
    4. Next it will give you a dialog to activate offline, press "Yes"   
       button.  Now, for the buyer email enter in what you want to       
       display as registered user.  Press "Next Step" button.            
                                                                         
    5. Copy the "Challenge Code" into our keygen to generate a valid     
       "Answer".  Press "Next Step" button.  Enter in "Challenge         
      Answer", press "Activate" and you're done.                         
                                                                         
    6. After this, the application can connect to internet and will      
       stay registered as far as we can tell (maybe the protection       
       will change in the future, who knows...).                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                          ..: iMPORTANT NOTE :..                         
                                                                         
      Run CORE10k.EXE to verify this release, if CRC-check fails or      
      even CORE10k.EXE is missing - you are probably using webshit!      
                                                                         
                                   else                                  
                                                                         
                           Thanks for choosing                           
                (C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering!                
                                                                         
                                                                       
                                                           
                                                 
                                   
                                     
                                                  
                                                                  
                       ..: CORE NEWS AND iNFOS :..                  
                                                              
                                                           
          - not available -                                    
                                                             
                                                                
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                         
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                           
                                                                          
                                                                  
                                                                   
                                                     
                                                      
                                                                  
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                      
                                                                       
                                                                     
                                                                      
                                                                     
                                                                    
                                                                   
                                                                    
                                                                
                                                                 
                                                     
                                                    
                                                                      
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                         
                                                                        
                                                                   
                   lAYOUt & hEADER bY. [rAD!s]              
                     nfO UPdATED ON [2008/01/08]               
                    (c) C.O.R.E. 2 0 0 9           
                                                        
  CRC 7144:A573