TV Series: Dr Who
Episode Title: The Waters of Mars
Runtime: 1h Exactly
File Format: .mov [aka quicktime, i have supplied a compatable codec pack]
Date of First Air: 15th Nov 2009, 19:00hours

Plot:

The Doctor arrives on Mars, apparently just to relax and enjoy the landscape. At the same time an officer (who turns out to be Captain Adelaide Brook) talks to her family via comlink to Earth, from a station which transpires to be on Mars. The Doctor happens upon the base, and is arrested by a remote-controlled robot and brought into the base. The Doctor is brought before the Captain, who is initially mistrusting, but after a sharp conversation, decides to trust the Doctor. He then learns that the date is in fact 21st November, 2059, and that this is in fact Bowie Base One, the very first human outpost on the red planet. He realises that on this date the base will detonate and everyone will die, and thus decides to leave, however at this very point a crisis is developing: one by one, the crew of the base are being infected by a mysterious life form which takes over their bodies, producing prodigious amounts of water, which constantly streams from them. Adelaide confiscates the Doctor's spacesuit, reasoning that he could be responsible in some way, and orders him to come with her to investigate.

The infection rate soon begins to increase rapidly, with three crew members carrying the disease. Two are contained in the bio-sphere (a 'greenhouse' section of the base) and the third, Maggie Cain, is secured in the medical wing. The Doctor realises he must leave, and cannot be a part of this fixed event, as it would defy the laws of time. The crew plan to evacuate, but the Doctor informs Adelaide of the wonderful legacy her family will lead into the stars, but at a price: she must die on Mars, today. He cannot help. After he explains this to the commander of the crew, she lets him go — but,overcome by defiance against time itself, and thinking that as he is the last of the Time Lords he has the power to control time itself, he turns back and returns to the base, declaring, "The laws of time are mine, and they will obey me!"

Using Gadget, the remote-controlled robot, the Doctor brings the TARDIS into the base, rescuing the final three survivors from the conflagration of the base's nuclear destruction. During this time Adelaide realises that he is doing wrong, and should be doing so, as he knows about the pre-determined events.

After landing on Earth, Mia and Yuri, shocked at the previous events and the Doctor himself, leave. In a conversation with Adelaide, the Doctor reflects on his changed attitude, which includes calling Mia and Yuri 'little people'. He claims to have realised that the rules of time were valid only when the Time Lords still existed, and that now he is the only Time Lord, he makes the rules, dubbing himself the 'Time Lord Victorious'. Brooke chides him for his newfound arrogance and dominance and to preserve the integrity of the time stream, returns to her house and commits suicide. Suddenly, and horribly stricken by both her and his own actions, realising he has broken the rules and that there must be a price, the Doctor sees Ood Sigma appear in the street, and asks him whether he has finally gone too far — whether this is his death.

Unresponsive, the Ood vanishes, and the Doctor staggers back into the TARDIS, to the ominous sound of the Cloister Bell, which only chimes when disaster looms. He suddenly declares "No", and begins to work the TARDIS controls.

