Lost Planet 2 DVD5RIP-Unleashed (2010) 
Developer: Capcom | Publisher: Capcom | PC | ISO | 3.40 GB 
Genre: Third-Person Shooter

A decade has passed since the events of Lost Planet, and the face of E.D.N. III has changed dramatically. Terraforming efforts have been successful and the ice has begun to melt, giving way to lush tropical jungles and harsh unforgiving deserts. Players will enter this new environment and follow the exploits of their own customized snow pirate on their quest to seize control of the changing planet.
Players control their heroes across 6 interconnected episodes, creating a truly unique interactive experience that changes depending upon the actions of the players involved. With this concept, players will have the opportunity to engage in the story in a much more dynamic way as plot threads evolve from different players' perspectives. Beyond the deep single player mode, Lost Planet 2 is loaded with extensive multiplayer modes. The intense and action packed campaign mode comes with the ability to form teams of up to 4 players online to clear mission objectives with friends. 

Features 

* 4-player co-op action -- Team up to battle the giant Akrid in explosive 4 player co-operative play. Teamwork is the player’s key to victory as the team is dependent on each other to succeed and survive. 
* Single-player game evolves based on players decisions and actions 
* Deep level of character customization -- Players will have hundreds of different ways to customize their look to truly help them define their character on the battlefield both on- and offline. Certain weapons can also be customized to suit individual player style. 
* Beautiful massive environments -- Capcom’s advanced graphics engine, MT Framework 2.0, will bring the game to life with the next step in 3D fidelity and performance. 
* Massive scale of enemies -- Players skill on the battlefield and work as a team will be tested like never before against the giant Akrid. Players will utilize teamwork tactics, new weapons and a variety of vital suits (VS) to fight these larger-than-life bosses. 
* Rewards System -- Players will receive rewards for assisting teammates and contributing to the team’s success 
* Multiplayer modes and online ranking system 
* Exciting new VS features -- Based on fan feedback, the team has implemented an unbelievable variety of Vital Suits and new ways to combat VSs. The new VS system will have a powerful impact on the way the player takes to the war zone in Lost Planet 2 

Minimum System Requirements: 

Operating System : Microsoft Windows 7 / Vista / XP 
Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo Processor or better / AMD Athlon x2 Processor or better 
Video Card : 256 MB VRAM – NVIDIA GeForce 7800 Series / ATI Radeon HD 2400 Pro 
Memory : 1 GB RAM (XP) / 2 GB RAM (Vista / Win 7) 
Hard Disk : 13 GB of free Hard Drive space 
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible 
Direct X : 9.0c 
Controls : Keyboard & Mouse 
Installation : DVD-ROM Drive 

Recommended System Requirements: 

Operating System : Microsoft Windows 7 / Vista 
Processor : Intel Core 2 Quad Processor / AMD Phenom x4 Processor 
Video Card : 512 MB VRAM – NVIDIA GeForce 9800 Series / ATI Radeon HD4800 Series 
Memory : 3 GB RAM 
Hard Disk : 13 GB of free Hard Drive space 
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible 
Direct X : 9.0c 
Controls : Xbox 360 controller for Windows 
Installation : DVD-ROM Drive 


Installation: 

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent 
2. Burn the Iso with Nero Burning ROM or equivalent,alternative option is mounting the image with Daemon-Tools. 
3. Install 
4. Play 

Additional Notes: 

This setup requires at least 30GB of space to unpack properly. Also keep in mind that the setup will go way pass the 100% mark. Don't worry it's unpacking the compressed data.


ENJOY!