Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no CMT logo.


"Get Off on the Pain" is the title of a song written by Brett James, Bill Luther and Justin Weaver, and recorded by American country music singer Gary Allan. It is the second single from his 2009 album of the same name. The song is Allan's twenty-fourth single release overall.

Of the song, Brian Mansfield of USA Today  cited the lyric "I don't know why my life sounds like a heartbroke country song" as setting the tone of the album, saying, "Allan sides with long shots, dark horses and lost causes more apt to revel in their misery than celebrate their good fortune." Country Weekly reviewer Jessica Phillips described the track as "set[ting] the stage" for the rest of the album. CM Wilcox of The 9513 called the song "grinding swagger" and described it as beginning a "story arc" that continued through the album's first half. Bobby Peacock of Roughstock gave the single four-and-a-half stars out of five, saying that it "suits him in a way that very few of his previous singles have ever done."

"Get Off on the Pain" debuted at #42 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs for the week of April 3, 2010. It also debuted at #1 on the U.S. Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart for the week of August 7, 2010.

Get Off on the Pain is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Gary Allan. It was released on March 9, 2010. The album's first single, "Today", was released in June 2009 and was a Top 20 hit. The album's second single, the title track, was released on March 15, 2010 and debuted at #42 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.

Get Off on the Pain was met with universal acclaim, with many reviews calling it Allan's best album to date. Giving it four stars out of five, Country Weekly  reviewer Jessica Phillips said that the album "reveal[s] an even more authentic, intense layer" of Allan's personality. She wrote that the title track "sets the stage" for the rest of the album, but thought that "Kiss Me When I'm Down" had weak lyrics. Allmusic  critic Todd Sterling also gave a four-star rating, saying that it "will likely go down as one of the best albums of his career." and "Get Off on the Pain is a well-crafted, ten-song collection that, to steal a well-worn phrase, is all killer and no filler."

Bill Friskics-Warren with The Washington Post commented "Allan's by turns gruff and tender vocals nevertheless are undeniably country, as is the stolid resilience with which he confronts heartache." Slant Magazine critic Jonathan Keefe also praised Allan's vocal performance on the album, calling Allan "a singer of real grit and depth." He also remarked that the album is "the most consistent set of songs Allan has yet recorded," and rated the album with four stars out of five.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/