Title: De Usynlige (Troubled Waters)
Year: 2008 
Country: Norway
Language: Norwegian
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 115 min
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
IMDB Rating: 7.7/10 (773 votes) 
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0948544/
Directed by: Erik Poppe
Starring: Pål Sverre Valheim Hagen ...  Jan Thomas 
Trine Dyrholm ...  Agnes 
Ellen Dorrit Petersen ...  Anna 
Fredrik Grøndahl ...  Jens 
Trond Espen Seim ...  Jon M 
Angelou Garcia ...  Malin 
Henriette Garcia ...  Selma 
Terje Strømdahl ...  Menighetforvalter 
Anneke von der Lippe ...  Sissel 
Frank Kjosås ...  Tommy 
Jon Vågenes Eriksen ...  Isak 
Stig Henrik Hoff ...  Fengselsprest 
Bjarne Henriksen ...  Dansk Sjef 
Bodil Jørgensen ...  Dansk Kone 
Tone Danielsen ...  Liss 
 

Synopis: How does one start anew after a checkered personal history threatens to extinguish all hope and the possibility of redemption? Such is the question that lies at the heart of De Usynlige, Norwegian director Erik Poppe's earnest psychological drama of second chances. Pal Sverre Hagen stars as Jan Thomas, a young man fresh from an eight-year prison sentence. The catalyst for his incarceration may have been an accident and may have been a premeditated murder, but regardless, the event still hangs over Jan like a dark shroud, tempering his memories and his actions. Upon release, Jan - a talented organist - lands a job in the local church as an organ player, and begins to develop feelings for Anna (Ellen Dorrit Petersen), a female priest who also happens to be a single mother. To avoid complications and protect the sanctity of the new relationship, Jan silently vows to withhold information about his troubled past from Anna, but the past catches up with him in the form of Agnes, a schoolteacher who visits the church and recognizes Jan - as the man responsible for her young son's death. (Nathan Southern, All Movie Guide)

This movie has 4 wins & 5 nominations.

Subtitles in English, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese and anothers idioms in the "Opensubtitles.org". See the link: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/search/imdbid-948544/sublanguageid-all


NOTE FROM THE UPLOADER: THIS IS AN EXCELLENT, SUPERB MOVIE!!!


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you. 


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:       
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ 
