Jack London's - The Sea Wolf - Audio Drama - BBC7 via DVB-T  
4 x 50 minute episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo

The Sea-Wolf is a novel written in 1904 by American author Jack London. An immediate bestseller, the first printing of forty thousand copies was sold out before publication.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sea_Wolf


Like The Call of the Wild, The Sea Wolf tells the story of a soft, domesticated protagonist, in this novel's case an intellectual man named Humphrey van Weyden, forced to become tough and self-reliant by exposure to cruelty and brutality. The story starts with him onboard a San Francisco ferry, called Martinez, which collides with another ship in the fog and sinks. He is set adrift in the sea, eventually being picked up ("rescued" is not the right word) by Wolf Larsen. Larsen is the captain of the seal-hunting schooner Ghost. Brutal and cynical, yet also highly intelligent and intellectual (though highly biased in his opinions as he was self-taught), he rules over his ship and terrorizes the crew with the aid of his exceptionally great physical strength. Van Weyden adequately describes him as an individualist, a hedonist, and a materialist. As Larsen does not believe in the immortality of the soul, he finds no meaning in his life save survival and pleasure and has come to despise all human life and deny its value. Being interested in someone capable of intellectual disputes, he somewhat takes care of "Hump" while forcing him to become a cabin boy, do menial work, and learn to fight to protect himself from a brutal crew.


Cast:
Andrew Wincott 
Anthony Jackson 
Brett Usher 
Charles Millham 
Clarence Smith
David Bannerman
Ian Dury 
Jack Klaff 
Jeffrey Gear 
Kerry Shale 
Nigel Anthony
Norman Jones
Peter Penry-Jones 
Richard Pearce
Sarah Connolly
Scott Farrell
Shelley Thompson
Terence Edmond
William Roberts

Jack London 



The Sea Wolf - Part 01 of 04
The Sea Wolf - Part 02 of 04
The Sea Wolf - Part 03 of 04
The Sea Wolf - Part 03 of 04




Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 55mn 54s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits


[