A dynamic program for improving memory and sharpening focus
Each year, Americans spend hundreds of millions of dollars on gym memberships, exercise equipment, and workout videos, all in the name of physical fitness. But what are they doing for their minds? In Dental Floss for the Mind, a leading  A dynamic program for improving memory and sharpening focus
Each year, Americans spend hundreds of millions of dollars on gym memberships, exercise equipment, and workout videos, all in the name of physical fitness. But what are they doing for their minds? In Dental Floss for the Mind, a leading cognitive scientist and a neurologist team up to offer you a complete program for improving memory and stimulating your mind.

This interactive guide features:
*  More than 100 creative and engaging exercises of increasing difficulty to stimulate cognitive skills 
*  Targeted exercises for improving the five key cognitive areas: memory, attention, language skills, visual and spatial recognition, and reasoning ability 
*  A scoring system for assessing current status, along with prescriptive tips for improving each cognitive area 
*  A total workout program guaranteed to build brain muscle fast
*  You exercise, try to eat right, and get enough sleep--all in the name of good physical health. But what have you done for your mind lately? Your brain is your most important organ, and all the latest scientific research indicates that, with regular doses of the right kind of mental stimulation, you can not only maintain but improve your brain power throughout your lifetime. Use it or loose it, as the saying goes--and now this book shows you how.
*  Written by a noted cognitive scientist and a top neurologist, Dental Floss for the Mind features more than 100 creative and fun exercises that target the five key cognitive areas of memory, attention, language skills, spatial recognition, and reasoning ability. Exercises are of increasing difficulty and designed to progressively stimulate and build individual cognitive skills. A scoring system lets you assess your status, identify problem areas, and, with the help of the authors' expert guidance, set goals and improve various skills as needed.

With Dental Floss for the Mind you'll:
*  Hone your attention to a razor's edge and block out annoying distractions 
*  Use all types of memory--sensory, short-term, long-term, episodic, semantic, and procedural--to the fullest 
*  Optimize reading comprehension and interpretive skills 
*  Fine-tune your spatial perception and mental imagery abilities 
*  Take your reasoning and analytical skills to lofty new heights 
