Remember that this is a VERY rare recording and it's almost impossible to get anywhere so please keep seeding!

--------

Although space is a virtual vacuum, this does not mean there is no sound in space. Sound does exist as electromagnetic vibrations. The specially designed instruments on board the various space probes used Plasma Wave antenna to record the vibrations used here, all within the range of human hearing (20-20,000 CPS)

Each planet, moon and ring system has a distinctive "musical" pattern. Listening to this unusual recording has a mysteriously relaxing effect. After a long hard day, you can bring your brainwaves into a slower and meditative state.

In 1989, Dr. Jeffrey D. Thompson, D.C., B.F.A. was approached by representatives working with NASA and JPL to explore a series of powerful recordings which the Voyager I & II Spacecraft had sent back from Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. These recordings seemed to be having a profound effect on the scientists and researchers who were exposed to them. Dr. Thompson was approached as an expert in the field of sound and healing, and especially in his work with "Primordial Sounds.” Primordial sounds are human body sounds and nature sounds formatted in special ways to cause a deep response in the subconscious mind. These are extremely useful in all levels of healing. Could the space sounds actually be Primordial Sounds, also – from outer space but strangely familiar to us?

The sounds from Neptune are mysterious and alluring. At times they sound like strange drums and wind, at other times they resemble cricket sounds and thunderstorms. Like nothing you have ever experienced before from the farthest planet out in our solar system from which Voyager made sound recordings.

On its approach to Neptune in August 1989, Voyager 2 captured this image of the fourth and outermost of the giant gas planets. This image shows two of the four oval cloud features tracked by the cameras. The large dark oval near the left edge revolves around Neptune every 18 hours. The bright clouds immediately to the south and east of this oval substantially change their appearance in periods as short as 4 hours. The second dark spot, at the lower right edge, revolves around Neptune every 16 hours.

Voyager II swept past the Neptune system on August 24-25, 1989. Neptune's atmosphere proved surprisingly active, with wind velocities clocked at over 700 MPH. This dynamic climactic activity is powered by Neptune's internal heat, which provides over twice as much energy as the feeble sunlight that the planet receives. Neptune has eight moons and three rings, as well as a highly tilted and offset magnetic field.

Neptune's electromagnetic environment is surprising. It is inclined to the planetary axis by 47°. Periodic pulses of radio energy were also recorded, generated by rotation of the planet's deep interior. Neptune's lovely blue color is a result of methane, helium and hydrogen gasses in its atmosphere.

The picture of Neptune on the cover of this CD features the great dark spot, which is accompanied by white clouds that undergo rapid changes in appearance. To the south of the great dark spot is the bright feature that scientist's nicknamed "scooter". Still further to the south is the feature called "Dark Spot 2", which has a bright core.