xyr0x proudly presents... Sweet Dreams 2009. Almost 7 hours of quality relaxation music.



This is ALSO works very well for an alternative therapy for Excessive Alcohol Users to use to want to slow/stop drinking by providing a binaural stimulant which gets them relaxed and naturally high without the effects of intoxicating and spending a shit load of money. This also works for Expanding the minds eye [Chakra, and a lot more. May not work if you are under the influence] - xyr0x


ADDITION NOTES:

I will seed for 3 weeks


-----------------[DOWNLOAD DESCRIPTION]-----------------


01 In the Forest
Light track with beautiful sounding strings in the background. The acoustic guitar tones mixed with the other instruments will give you a sense of calm and tranquilly which is crucial in getting to sleep. In this track, natural sounding instruments are predominant. It should help to visualize big natural scenarios like forests.

02 Sweet Dreams
Track with sweet harmonies featuring acoustic piano, soft pads and peaceful melody leads throughout the song which helps to create a harmonious atmosphere. Predominant frequencies are in the mid-range which provides relief from lost sleep. Also improves general mood and leaves you revitalized. Track is suitable for a quick nap.

03 Oasis
Track features acoustic guitar, strings, soft electric pianos and pads throughout the song. The tempo gets slower gradually inducing relaxation and deeper sleep. Soft lake waves lapping /stream sounds are present in the background to help with visualization. Ideal for lowering mental fatigue and tiredness.

04 Mystical
Music track featuring repetitive arpeggios, mellow sounds and nature sound in the background. Those repetitive sounds help to focus on relaxation. It is also slow paced. Predominant frequencies are in the mid-range. It allows deep relaxation, meditation. Lucid dreaming.

05 Gardens
This music track features harp, choral type sounds and bells through the song. Chord progression is repetitive, so it’s does not distract the listener. High frequencies are predominant in this music track. They provide relief from lost sleep and an energizing effect on the body and mind.

06 Voices of the Wind
This music track features electric piano, percussive and airy sounds. It covers both low and mid frequencies. (That is Mid-Alpha, used as gateway to theta / beta states) Wind sounds are also present in the track. It will help achieve restful sleep.

07 Horizons 
Calm music track featuring lush strings, acoustic piano and choral sounds. The main chord progression is pleasant to ears and rich in harmonics. It covers both low and mid frequencies, bringing profound inner peace and emotional healing. It also helps to lowers mental fatigue.


08 Imperial
Calm music track featuring lush strings and pads mixed with traditional Japanese instruments. Predominant frequencies are in the mid-range which provides relief from lost sleep. Also improves general mood and leaves you revitalized. This music track is suitable for a quick nap.

09 Rivers of Gold
Beautiful sounding mid-tempo track featuring acoustic guitar, electric pianos and warm pads mixed with river and waves sounds. Predominant frequencies are in the mid-range which provides relief from lost sleep. Also improves general mood and leaves you revitalized. This track is suitable for a power nap.

10 Night Dreamers
Music track featuring synthetic pads combined with strings and bells. It covers both low and mid frequencies, bringing profound inner peace and emotional healing. It also helps to lowers mental fatigue. The low frequency sounds provided by the synth pads induces relaxation and deep sleep.
11 Endless Journey
Relaxing music track featuring mellow pads, strings and bells. Melody is simple and diffuse allowing more room for the pad sounds. They are long and constant chords in the mid-low frequency range which is helpful for falling asleep and for meditation.  Airy sounds are present towards the end. 

12 Infinitum
This music track features evolving pads, strings and choral-type sounds. There is a constant low frequency sound throughout the track. This induces relaxation and deep sleep. Also there are occasionally bell sounds and Peruvian charango arpeggios to simulate theta brainwaves.

13 The Last Travel
This mid-tempo track features soft strings, acoustic guitar, flute melodies and an oscillating pad to stimulate theta state. There are waterfalls sounds on the background to enhance low theta brainwave state. This track helps achieve restful sleep and is also suitable for deep meditation.

Enjoy,
xyr0x