For more details and screenshots, you can visit http://freakyflicks.proboards.com/index.cgi?action=display&board=6&thread=5134



Faleze de Nisip / Sand Cliffs is a motion picture drama released in 1981 and banned four days after its premiere, during the harsh communist regime of President Ceausescu in Romania. Directed by Dan Pita, adapted from the novel by Bujor Nedelcovici Days of Sand / Zile de Nisip (Ro) / Crime de Sable (Fr), the movie is of high artistic quality; excellent dialogue and script by Bujor Nedelcovici and Dan Pita; beautifully shot by Vlad Paunescu; exceptional sound track by Adrian Ionescu; outstanding acting by a noteworthy cast of Romanian actors starring Victor Rebengiuc, Marin Moraru, Gheorghe Visu and Carmen Galin.

The fine criticism of the communist authorities in the movie enraged the communist officials including President Nicolae Ceausescu. In a Plenary Session of the Romanian Communist Party in 1983 at Mangalia, upon advice from people in his entourage responsible with the ideology of culture, and possibly even from people in the artistic field, Ceausescu exploded into a "proletary rage" against Faleze de Nisip. He stressed that the movie was breaking with the socialist ideology. He accused the movie for not faithfully portraying "the new communist man". He mentioned that this sort of movies was the wrong way to use art in favor of socialism. Faleze de Nisip, already banned from the market, was erased from the filmography of its own director, Dan Pita. Only at the end of 1990 – 9 years after its release - access was possible to one of the most courageous movies produced before the 1989 Revolution in Romania. Since then, Faleze de nisip is often shown on Romanian television in order to reveal high quality art works created in communist days and cut off by the communist censorship. Faleze de Nisip was also screened in 1994 in Los Angeles, in 1991 at the Berlin Film Festival, and was one of the three Romanian movies to be shown in 2007 at the European Movie Festival in Lima, Peru.

Faleze de nisip is a non-stereotypical movie showing the "gray" period Romania was undergoing with Nicolae Ceausescu as president, when the "new" communist man had to represent the typology center of every piece of art - a time that wore the heavy imprint of Ceausescu's personality cult. And still, Sand Cliffs remains one of the very few daring proofs in Romanian movie making, which demonstrates up to what extent the concept of the "new man", devoted to the "socialist ethics and equity", had altered the human conscience. We refer to a larger context, where the Polish and Hungarian cinematographers were producing high quality movies in the same spirit, while enjoying more freedom from the Communist Party in their countries.

Sand Cliffs has a simple story: The action takes place during the summer holiday at the Black Sea. The plot confronts a powerful chief-of-hospital and a carpenter accused to have stolen the doctor's personal belongings from the beach. The neurotic doctor involves himself in the inquiry, ultimately directing the interrogation of an apparently innocent man. The burglary victim, Theodor Hristea, a surgeon at the peak of his career and social life, self-confident and well connected (played by Victor Rebengiuc, one of the best Romanian actors), his girlfriend, Cristina (played by Carmen Galin) and their common friend, Stefan (played by Marin Morariu, who received the Gopo award for acting career in 2009) - find themselves on holiday at the border of the sea. The doctor has a detective passion and accuses – just on account of a physical resemblance with the real thief - a young carpenter ("The Kid" / "Pustiul (Ro)" played by Gheorghe Visu) who happens to come at the same beach the day following the burglary. The police (militia) is summoned, a long inquiry follows, declarations are taken, and The Kid is found guilty. The doctor plays an active part in the investigation. Although the doctor's girlfriend and his friend doubt the identity of the accused, the surgeon insists in being right and succeeds in sending the innocent young man to prison.



Language: Romanian
Subtitles: English srt
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faleze_de_nisip
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085522/

AVI, 1.36 GiB, 1h 32mn
XviD, 1965 Kbps, 640x464, a/r 1.379, 25.000 fps, Progressive
MPEG-1 Audio layer 3, Joint stereo, 128 Kbps, CBR, 48 KHz