The Next She-Male Idol 2 (2010)
 
http://www.adultdvdnow.com/dvd/Next_SheMale_Idol_2_The_88634.html 
http://www.tlavideo.com/raw-the-next-she-male-idol-2/p-311294-4?sn=263

Studio 	Evil Angel
Release Date Aug 05, 2010
Category SheMale
Director Joey Silvera
Starring Christian, Bee Armitage, Mark Frenchy, Jessica Fox, Bailey Jay, Karolly Mel, Naudy Nadia, Diezel, Pablo Montejo, Domino Presley

Before director Joey Silvera took to the genre, transsexual videos were a joke - an unsexy, boring joke. But The Next She-Male Idol 2 shows how fun and hot she-male videos can be. Joey finds truly feminine, truly curvy, truly pretty she-males ...    Full Descriptionsporting truly hard dicks. He presents these exotic girls at their lustiest: decked out in arousing finery and make-up, captured with skilled camera work, and all wrapped up with his slightly twisted, perverted-but-honest attitude. Most of this DVD's five intimate scenes feature a tasty she-male entertaining a guy, but the first scene is a spectacular flesh-meet for two chicks with dicks. Joey calls Bailey Jay "America's Sweetheart," and the longhaired, lithe she-male lives up to the bill with her cute face, girly personality, femme voice and coltish figure. She's been flirting online with Bee Armitage, a feminine, fair-skinned bottle blonde who could be Bailey's sister. Joey records their first meeting - Bailey in torn jeans, Bee in a denim skirt and boots. The girls are clearly thrilled, equally taken by each other. Bee has a big, hard cock and a round ass that Bailey loves fucking. Naudia Nice is a light-skinned black girl who looks slightly familiar Joey had her in "Black She-Male Auditions," but now she's had a glamorous makeover. The result is stunning if you like big, brown eyes, beautiful hair and a round butt packaged in a shimmering white dress with fishnet stockings and heels. When she sits on Diezel's cock, she gasps and bounces, her own dick flopping wildly. Naudia drinks Diezel's semen from a wine glass. Down in Brazil Joey found the striking Karolly Mel, a curvaceous blonde with a great, round ass, pretty tits and a sexy face. Pablo Montejo worships her foot and sucks her uncut dick as she pinches his nose. She butt-fucks him and he returns the favor as her awesome ass sways. Then there's Domino Presley, a Japanese/Italian blend who could be the young, she-male version of Catherine Zeta Jones. Joey tags along with his camera as Domino goes apartment hunting, and her meeting with Christian yields her not only a new roommate, but a big-dicked fuck buddy. The pretty femme gets her ass porked over the kitchen table, her prick a-swingin'. They're a good match - Domino tells Joey she loves "getting fucked by big dicks and getting my booty eaten." With her long, black hair and high cheekbones, Jessica Fox is an exotic beauty; turns out she's 100 percent Native American. She looks 100 percent hot in seamed stockings and a form-fitting red dress that accentuates her big boobs. Wait'll you see Mark Frenchy riding her hard cock with her legs cranked up by her head, her asshole open for her own fingers and his cock stabbing her mouth! Every scene here has slurpy blow jobs, sloppy ass eating and wickedly charming personality from the world's hottest she-males. 
