AVI Information
   Filename: Terence McKenna - TimeWave Zero.avi
   Filesize: 734959278 Bytes (700.91 MB)
   Streams (i.e. Video, Audio): 2
Video Stream
   Compression: XVID - XVID MPEG-4
   Avg. Bitrate: 3835.45 kbit/s
   Resolution: 720x480
   Color Depth: 24 bits
   Running Time: 1454.82 s (24m 14s)
   Framerate: 29.9700 fps
   Microseconds Per Frame: 33366 ms
   Frames: 43601
   Keyframes: 429 (Every 101)
Audio Stream
   Wave Type: 85 - MPEG Layer 3
   Avg. Bitrate: 191.98 kbit/s
   Sample Rate: 48000 Hz
   Bit Depth: 0 Bits
   Channels: 2
   Audio Delay: 0.00 s

----------
 
http://photosynthesis.com/dvds.html

TERENCE McKENNA
TimeWave Zero



A detailed description of Terence's TimeWave concept and a demonstration of the software Terence originated in his early exploratory period of deep study with the I Ching, the ancient oracular Chinese Book of Changes. He proudly takes us on a biographical tour of our culture from his personal library in the early 80’s to what he saw the TimeWave project to 2012. Terence describes the Time Wave as his "only original work". The first part of this piece is the first visual description of Terence’s unique theory. The second chapter of the tape astounds the viewer with the display of the the historical resonances that demostrate how the last 4000 years are compressed into the increasingly speeded up, drawn and sqeezed collective thoughts of the “Gaian matrix”. Terence partnered with Sound Photosynthesis’ media magician Brian Wallace at the editing helm to created the visuals that dance and spiral with Terence’s every sugestion. This densely edited piece is destined to become a top seller. This is one of the most visually informative and insightful 23 minutes of tape you’ll find anywhere.


( TimeWave Zero software (Version 7.10) available here:)


---------------------------------


Timewave Zero  ( text from http://fusionanomaly.net/ )



Terence McKenna's software plotting the fractals of "novelty" over many thousands of years of earth's history, up to 2012 C.E., at which point novelty will reach the state of infinite culmination. He defines novelty, of course, as "the density of connectedness" or the "degree of complexity." The I Ching says that Time is a series of identifiable elements in flux. There are 64 of these "elements." He also believes that what we today call the I Ching is but a tiny fragment of a once immense device, now forever lost.

Looking at the I Ching from a quantum physics perspective, Terence and his brother Dennis discovered a wave pattern in the ordering of the Tarot's trigrams and hexagrams that suggested time could be mapped. One of the oldest "structured abstractions" known, the I Ching has been found scratched on the 6,000 year-old shoulder bone of a sheep. Since the I Ching is particularly concerned with the dynamic relationships and transformations that archetypes undergo, McKenna intuited that the I Ching must also be deeply involved with the nature of time as the necessary condition for the manifestation of archetypes as categories of experience.

Centering his attention on examining the King Wen sequence of sixty four hexagrams, McKenna's search for the ordering principles that lay behind it managed to translate what was essentially a mystical diagram into a rationally apprehensible, mathematical model. Working with Peter Meyer, McKenna developed a personal computer software package that takes his discoveries concerning the I Ching and creates time maps based upon them.  These time maps, or novelty maps, show the ebb an flow of connectedness, or novelty, in any span of time from a few days to tens of millennia.

In McKenna's novelty map, when the graph line moves downward, novelty is assumed to be increasing. When there is movement away from the base line, novelty is assumed to be decreasing in favor of habitual forms of   activity. According to this graph, one trend toward greater novelty reached its culmination around 2700 B.C.,   precisely at the height of the Old Kingdom pyramid-building phase. Perhaps most remarkable of all McKenna's  discoveries was the fact that the only point in the entire wave that has a quantified value of zero is December 21, 2012 A.D. -- the same date that has been interpreted as the Mayan Calendar's end of time.

The Timewave zero model shows the past 1,500 years to have been highly novel times that have oscillated at  levels of novelty very close to the horizontal axis, the maximized "zero state." When the zero point is reached, the   wave passes out of the past and into the future. We are approaching a point, says McKenna, "when the rational  and acausal tendencies inherent in time may again reverse their positions of dominance."

McKenna views history, with it's hunger for completion, as "an anomaly... a complete fluke," in which "all ideas  of salvation, enlightenment, or utopia may be taken to be expressions in consciousness of the drive of energy to  free itself from the limitations of three-dimensional space." As history races toward it's denouement, evolution is  carried out of strictly biological confines and into the mental realm where language and other abstractions begin to pull us together toward "a complex attractor that exists ahead of us in time." This"concrescence," says  McKenna is now so close that it can be felt in the sense of accelerating time and complexity.

McKenna discusses the repercussions of our collective approach to Timewave Zero and how psychedelics can be used to condition ourselves for our upcoming move into the body of eternity and out of three-dimensional time and space. 