3 Drowningman Records (my old band). First 2 in 256k. Will improve if requested. : Cigarettes; Rock and Roll Killing Machine; Still Loves You (FLAC).      Enjoy



DROWNINGMAN


From Revelation Records .......

If music could kill, there would be a five-day waiting period to purchase Drowningman's Rock And Roll Killing Machine.

Their second and definitive full length, Rock And Roll Killing Machine finds Drowningman at the height of their powers combining complexity and diversity with engaging songwriting. Technical math-based beatings give way to swelling, emotional, driving rock segues all pinned down with some of the most bizarre and disturbing lyrical themes found on a modern hardcore record.

A collection of nine anthems to sharpen knives to, given names that make sense only to singer Simon Brody and his court appointed psychologist, Rock And Roll Killing Machine more than lives up to it's title. Although Brody's angelic-to-demonic vocal shifts, Javin Leonard and Matt Roy's dual guitar mind-fucks, and the dexterous displays by the rhythm section of Joe Villemaire and David Barnett, clearly evidence new levels of technical musicianship for Drowningman- it's the brute fury and apparent emotion of their delivery that finds this band at a new level.

Recorded by indie producer extraordinaire, Brian McTernan, the pre-production of this record was plagued with technical difficulties. The fatalities: two analog tape machines, one fifteen passenger van, and the fragile psyches of five already unstable band members. Combine these elements in excruciating, early summer D.C. heat, fix everything and set five guys who have given up on personal hygiene and attack anything that makes sudden movements loose in the studio and you might get something that sounds a lot like Rock And Roll Killing Machine.

If Drowningman IS The Rock And Roll Killing Machine, many have already been crushed in the tracks of the juggernaut since their spring tour with the Dillinger Escape Plan and subsequent missions of debauchery and sonic punishments throughout the Northeast and Canada this summer. Renowned for a live show that fills the air thick with saliva, blood and generally unkind words, Drowningman promise to bring it to a stage near you across the US this fall. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the Rock And Roll Killing Machine and there is no off switch.

Burlington, Vermont might not be known as a hot spot for hardcore. Socialist mayors, monsters in nearby Lake Champlain, Phish, and filthy hippies maybe- but definitely not hardcore. Be that as it may, over the last several years, the aggressive music world has been waking up to Vermont's dirty little secret and most recent addition to the Revelation Records family, Drowningman. Not particularly proud of their backwoods heritage, Drowningman has been content in the common misconception that they were from Boston created by their handful of releases on Hydrahead Records. With each successive release, from 1997's debut 7" Weighted and Weighed Down, to 1998's Busy Signal At The Suicide Hotline LP, and 1999's incendiary split 7" with New Jersey's Dillinger Escape Plan, the band has expanded the parameters of their caustic blend of spastic metal/hardcore blasts and emotional, melodic interludes, and in turn put themselves, and maybe someday their home state, on the hardcore map.
Lineup
Simon Brody - vocals // Javin Leonard - guitar // Matt Roy - guitar // Dave Barnett - bass // Joe Villemaire - drums

Interviews and Reviews

Man, what a fuckin record.....D-man is one of the most innovative and unique hardcore bands out there today. And this record speaks of them no less. This record carries on their trademark sarcasm, and being able to throw lots of melody in while retaining the hard, fast, pace they are known for. The band is also known for their incredibly long song also sarcastic song titles. For example "the truly dangerous nature of a man who dosent care if he lives or dies" or "if god loves a winner he's going to want to fuck me in a minute" with titles like that how could you not love this band. I've just discovered them recently and there quickly becoming one of my favorite hardcore bands....Im always up for something different, and d-man is definitley different. I had the chance to see them at hellfest, and holy fuck they blew all the other bands away...seriously. This isnt their best album, but still one awesome CD to say the least.

You really NEED to check out this band...I think it will appeal to you in one way or another...and if you own this check out "how they light cigarettes in prison" "busy signal at the suicide hotline" or the brand new ep "drowningman: still loves you".

Standout songs...."when people become numbers" "code breaking hearts" "my first restraining order" ahhh hell, just go buy it and you will see what I mean.

PUNKNEWS.ORG, August 8th, 2001, review by colduly



The ingeniousness of Rock and Roll Killing Machine lies in its ability to sound fairly off-the-wall on paper (here we have aspects of math rock, emo, metal, noisecore, hardcore, progressive metal ... what else?) yet still remain very appealing in simple ways. Carefully placed amongst the fire breathing vocals and technical wizardry of the guitar-riffs and drumming is a love of good, old-fashioned memorable melodies, including lots of great turns of phrase like "We'll tear this place apart, we'll piss inside your heart."

With songtitles like "Code Breaking Hearts" and "My First Restraining Order" there is some fun to be had at expense of the indie rock/emo crowd especially sung, as they occasional are, cleanly and sincerely. The band prevents their technically-oriented songs from slipping into the memory hole as soon as the CD stops spinning by sounding looser and more spontaneous than their many metalcore brethren; the band isn't herky-jerky - it more steamrolls. Thanks to the blitzkrieg drumming of Joe Villemaire, the band can quite seamlessly string together guitar-riffs into a crashing, maelstrom of sound. In one fell visceral swoop, then, Drowningman buries the soulless technical wankrock of Dillinger Escape Plan and their ilk, while subverting expectations of hardcore and making mad fun of emo bands in the process. Yeah, all in a day's work.

What else? It rocks pretty hard too. The production is unflashly and live sounding, allowing the instruments to ring, buzz, and breathe. At a whopping twenty-eight minutes it is the longest, and finally maybe the best release, from this mighty and relevant band.

Review by Lee Steadham

Review date: 02/2003


Not easily pigeonholed, Drowningman's blisteringly intense sound combines elements of heavy metal, modern hardcore, grinding noise, math rock, and emo (in both its melodic and progressive, Dischord-esque forms). The band was formed in the unlikely college town of Burlington, VT; its members included vocalist Simon Brody, guitarists Javin Leonard and Matt Roy, bassist Dave Barnett, and drummer Joe Villemaire. Drowningman debuted in 1997 with a 7" single, Weighted and Weighed Down, on Boston-based Hydra Head Records; the same label issued their debut LP, Busy Signal at the Suicide Hotline, in 1998. The album caused a stir in the metalcore underground, which only increased when the group switched to the Revelation label and issued the EP How They Light Cigarettes in Prison in 2000. Drowningman's second full-length, Rock and Roll Killing Machine, followed later that year to enthusiastic reviews, expanding their cult following. The band toured extensively in 2001, and released an EP through Equal Vision called Drowningman Still Loves You. But the lineup wasn't solid, and Drowningman started to drift. However, by 2004 Brody had reconnected with early member Denny Donovan, and with the aid of other area musicians hit restart on Drowningman. A rarities collection appeared in 2004, and Don't Push Us When We're Hot appeared from Thorp in autumn 2005 featuring all new members and a shift in musical focus away from previous versions of the band.

- Steve Huey (All Music Guide)


From Interpunk.com

5 stars One of the greatest...
Short and sweet: one of the greatest hardcore albums ever recorded; genre defining. These guys have been broken up for years, but you'd never know, considering what contemporary hardcore sounds like. Disregard the other review accusing Drowningman of ripping off Dillinger Escape Plan: Drowningman were broken up before "Miss Machine" was even released; Dillinger was a band during Drowningman's heyday, but "Calculating Infinity"-era Dillinger is a different genre than "Rock and Roll Killing Machine". ...weighted and weighed down.
Submitted by Poops (Utah)


5 stars This rips my heart out just listening to it
The vocals are ideal on this record. Sigh. Poor Dillinger Escape Plan. After Miss Machine, there are sure to be loads of imitators in their wake leaving this album to be ... OUCH! After this album, nothing is the same anymore. Really like albums that run under 30 or less minutes. Makesure punkfire record, I say.
Submitted by orangegreendesolate (Edmonton, Alberta, CANADA)


5 stars Worth the wait.
I got this album after listening to their previous record:Busy Signal At The Suicide Hotline, and in all honesty, it blows it away. Everything is so clear and the lyrics are brillantly written. Sarcasm, violence, and an almost heartbroken rage of emotion combine to make this one stand above the rest. Highly recommended if you enjoy GlassJAw.
Submitted by rpginsomniac (San Francisco, Ca)

4 Stars
Simon Brody really didn't hone his lyrical perfection until "rock and roll killing machine" but this is a pretty good start. he says fuck a lot which i have know problem with except that i think it shows weak lyrical abilites to swear repeatedly. the music smokes and the layout by Converge's jake bannon is beautiful. an amazing drowningman starting point.
12/28/2002 by Lisa from Plano, TX


5 Stars
holy crap, another slab of the prettiest noise ever from vermonts drowningman. vicious but heartfelt and sad all at the same time, what else can you say...they've definitely come into their own. fans of everything from Converge to Appleseed cast will find something to please them here. includes a remake of weighted and weighed down off their first cd. pick it up kids it'll rock you.

8/18/2001 by Joshua from Elizabethton, TN

5 Stars
oh yes, oh yes, they're even better raw. what? anyhow this record is the bomb. it's of the chain. if you don't have it sell your ataris cds and welcome rock into your life. simon brody is the best hardcore singer and lyricist ever. classic drowningman. also get everything they have, ever.11/19/2002 by Lisa from Allen, TX

5 Stars
Yeah this cd is great. Chaotic with some slow parts. Check the review the guy gave for their "Still Loves You" cd. It's the same for this one. Buy it!!!
11/4/2002 by John from Camden, DE