Bonii[BOW]present:



Release Title: Watchmen 2009 Ultimate Cut 
Certification: Rated R for strong graphic violence, sexuality, nudity and language. 
Tagline: This city is afraid of me. I've seen its true face. 
Storyline:In an alternate reality, it's 1985, costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society, and the "Doomsday Clock" - which charts the USA's tension with the Soviet Union - is permanently set at five minutes to midnight. When one of his former colleagues is murdered, the washed-up but no less determined masked vigilante Rorschach sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his former crime- fighting legion - a ragtag group of retired superheroes, only one of whom has true powers - Rorschach glimpses a wide-ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future. Their mission is to watch over humanity...but who is watching The Watchmen?
   

Cast: 
Malin Akerman ... Laurie Jupiter / Silk Spectre II
Billy Crudup ... Dr. Manhattan / Jon Osterman
Matthew Goode ... Adrian Veidt / Ozymandias
Jackie Earle Haley ... Walter Kovacs / Rorschach
Jeffrey Dean Morgan ... Edward Blake / The Comedian
Patrick Wilson ... Dan Dreiberg / Nite Owl II
Carla Gugino ... Sally Jupiter / Silk Spectre
Matt Frewer ... Edgar Jacobi / Moloch the Mystic
Stephen McHattie ... Hollis Mason / Nite Owl
Laura Mennell ... Janey Slater
Rob LaBelle ... Wally Weaver
Gary Houston ... John McLaughlin
James M. Connor ... Pat Buchanan (as James Michael Connor)
Mary Ann Burger ... Eleanor Clift
John Shaw ... Doug Roth 


                                                      
   

Genre: Action | Drama | Mystery | Sci-Fi | Thriller  
Language: English 
IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0409459
Format : AVI
File size : 698 MiB
Duration : 2h 34mn
Overall bit rate : 632 Kbps

Video
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, Matrix : Default (MPEG)
Codec ID : XVID
Duration : 2h 34mn
Bit rate : 565 Kbps
Width : 608 pixels
Height : 416 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.462
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 24 bits

Audio

Format : MPEG Audio
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Duration : 2h 34mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 64.0 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 24.0 KHz