Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Kix is an American glam metal band who achieved popularity in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Midnite Dynamite is the title of an album released on Atlantic Records in 1985 by the glam metal band KIX.

In 1982, guitarist Ronnie "10/10" Younkins was fired and replaced by Brad Divens (Souls at Zero/Wrathchild America/Wrathchild), and their 1983 followup, Cool Kids, showcased a markedly more commercial side of the band, featuring the title song, and the single "Body Talk".

Somewhat overlooked, but a favorite the bands predominantly female audience, was the ballad "For Shame". In 1983, having been gone for slightly less than a year, Ronnie "10/10" Younkins returned to Kix, reuniting the "classic" lineup.

Kix then partnered up with RATT and Warrant producer, Beau Hill, and in 1985, released the album Midnite Dynamite, featuring a hard rock single by the same name and funk rock songs "Cold Shower" and "Sex". The album also included the song "Bang Bang (Balls of Fire)", which was co-written by Purnell and Kip Winger. Outside players such as session drummer Anton Fig who played on two tracks,as well as Mike Slamer (Streets/City Boy/Warrant)who receives credit for additional guitars helped redefine the band's sound. With this new sound Kix would now be at the forefront of the Hair Metal genre alongside contemporaries Warrant,Poison and Winger.

The band then headed west to begin to make a name for themselves, in such places as the Sunset Strip, where Slaughter,Faster Pussycat and other glam metal bands rose to stardom. However, while building a name for themselves in L.A., and at a gig opening for fellow rockers Poison at the L.A.'s Country Club, the band noticed how much alike the two bands were. Although Kix predates Poison by several years they have often been compared to Poison since., Poison themselves, went on to become one of glam metal's biggest successes.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

