WTF is DareDorm?

Daredorm is the first site where u can make $10,000 dollars for submitting your college dorm room antics. Sheeeah... the internet rulez!!! if you wanna see the action... scroll down.

Our Secrets
June 30, 2009
College in: Florida
Florida girls are known for being smoking hot and down for whatever, so when I got this vid from a guy who goes there I was psyched...and boy did it deliver! Not only are these top-shelf college babes Florida girls are known for being smoking hot and down for whatever, so when I got this vid from a guy who goes there I was psyched...and boy did it deliver! Not only are these top-shelf college babes, but they love to put on a show for the camera! A couple of beers and a game of spin the bottle leads to hot girl-on-girl action and the whole room fucking like champs...one dude even eats a slice of pizza while getting head! Damn...all I gotta say that Florida has some of the wildest sonsabitches alive!
College in: Tampa

Pleasure Pak
July 13, 2009
College In: Georgia
Two luscious ladies from Georgia did us a huge favor by taping themselves while they strip down and show off their barely-legal bodies. Perky tits, thick juicy asses--pure perfection, for real. After their strip show the girls plan a prank on a guyfriend down the hall, sneaking into his room and stealing his clothes. They get caught in the act, and he teaches them a lesson...a lesson from the school of hard cocks. The ladies each get a dude to suck and fuck...and let me tell you, these horny hotties dealt with their punishment well!

Three Course Treat
August 10, 2009
College In: Wisconsin
Wisconsin is home to some crazy-ass motherfuckers. What starts off as a typical night of drinking booze and playing flip cup turns into some scandalous shit! The rules of the game Wisconsin is home to some crazy-ass motherfuckers. What starts off as a typical night of drinking booze and playing flip cup turns into some scandalous shit! The rules of the game change when the losers start taking off their clothes..."strip flip cup", if you will. With the game underway, a cock-craving babe takes her man to another room to fuck the daylights out of him...but not without their friends taking notice...and taking the camera to film it all go down. Scandalous, I tell you! This is one spectator sport you do not want to miss.

Wild Things
August 30, 2009
College In: California
So we got a video from these two dirty girls from Cali, one of which has the "best tits in California"...and let me tell you, her knockers are nice. Big, all-natural tits that she can't wait to show off. But I'm getting ahead of myself. The babes invite their boytoy over to smoke them out, and once they're loose and liberated they engage in some classic muff diving. Dude comes back in the picture and they both suck him off before rails the big-tittied chick and gives her a natural high she won't soon forget.

Lips Experiment
September 07, 2009
College In: California
Vanessa must have really wanted to win that 10k prize, because she invited what looks every hot babe on campus to her dorm room for an all-out lesbian Vanessa must have really wanted to win that 10k prize, because she invited what looks every hot babe on campus to her dorm room for an all-out lesbian fuckfest! I'm talking about some serious ass-shaking, pole dancing, nipple licking, pussy-shaving, debauchery. These girls don't give a fuck! Not only do these fine looking females eat enough collegiate cooze to last a lifetime, but they scream loud enough to piss off any RA within a 30 mile radius! This video is out of control hot, and definitely 10k worthy.

My Lucky Day
September 14, 2009
College In: Florida
Miami student "Thom" (not his real name) was feeling bored one night, so he did what any college guy would do: he set up a catwalk in his room and had his ladyfriends model their new line of birthday suits. Tits are popping out and getting sucked, girls are tongue-fucking...good times. After strutting their stuff and baring their muff, the chicks line up to ride Thom's rod like a mechanical bull. This guy is the man--how many dudes do you know that could pull this much tail in one night? You won't find girls this willing and able on the runway, no sir.

My Turn
September 21, 2009
College In: Texas
Texas, Texas, Texas...you never let me down. The minute I checked out this vid I knew I was in for a good time; it might've had something to do with the octopus beer bong and the "house rules" demanding that everybody's shirts must be off, and titties bouncing all over the place. Did I mention that the whole room explodes into a massive fuck-frenzy once everybody's clothes come off? All bets are off the table: Texas wins by a landslide. The 10k is yours. You've heard it before, and you'll hear it again: everything is bigger in Texas!

Birthday Wishes
September 28, 2009
College In: Florida
The latest submitted video to win 10k takes place during a birthday bash, Dare Dorm style. The birthday boy is turning 19 years old, and his friends throw him a dorm party, complete with party favors, hallway slip n slides and hot chicks willing to make his wishes come true. Once the party is in full swing, anything goes, and it looks like everybody is getting a piece of the cake, with birthday boy getting his roman candle blown! All in all, a fine way to spend a birthday, and a fine way to win 10k in the process. Happy birthday, dude!



Full screen shots for each video may be found in the torrent so you can
preview them and download only what you like.


Thanks, enjoy, and SEED!!