Spongebob Squarepants Spongicus

"Spongicus" - Customers desert the Krusty Krab in boatloads when Sheldon Plankton replaces his Chum Bucket restaurant with a massive gladiatorial arena. But Spongebob discovers that the first event features Patrick getting eaten by a ravenous lionfish. Hijinks ensue.

"Suction Cup Symphony" - Squidward tries to write a musical masterpiece for the Bikini Bottom Symphony Orchestra competition. But Spongebob and Patrick keep interrupting his creative flow.

"House Fancy" - When Squidward's uni-browed nemesis Squilliam has his mansion showcased on the show House Fancy, Squidward claims that his house is much nicer. Chaos ensues when Spongebob decides to assist Squidward in cleaning up his home.

"Krabby Road" - Sheldon breaks out of jail in order to get the Krabby Patty formula. But when Spongebob won't talk, Sheldon tries to convince him to spill by forming a rock band.

"Penny Foolish" - Spongebob's boss Mr. Krabs covets a penny that he sees Spongebob pick up off the sidewalk.

"Nautical Novice" - In an effort to convince Mrs. Puff that he deserves his boating license, Spongebob memorizes the entire history of boating prior to a class trip to the Nautical Museum.

"Not Normal" - In a fit of exasperation, Squidward screams at Spongebob, "Why can't you be normal?" However, Spongebob takes that advice just a little too far . . .

"Gone" - Spongebob wakes up one morning, only to discover that everyone else in Bikini Bottom has disappeared.

Type of file: .avi
Size: 698MB
Length: 1hr 33mins
Frame size: 512x384
Data rate: 19kbps
Bitrate: 110kbps
Frame rate: 29fps
Source: Retail DVD.


Spongebob Whale Of A Birthday

When Mr. Krabs won't stop being cheap, he asks SpongeBob to go undercover and see what Pearl wants for her birthday and gives him his credit card/SpongeBob receives a video saying he won a trip to Karate Island to become King of Karate.
This absorbing collection squeezes in no less than seven fun-drenched episodes: 'All That Glitters', 'Whale Of A Birthday', 'Once Bitten', 'Chimps Ahoy', 'Bummer Vacation', 'Wigstruck', and 'That's No Lady'.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0810723/

Type of file: .avi
Size: 724MB
Length: 1hr 22mins
Frame size: 1024x768
Data rate: 154kbps
Bitrate: 243kbps
Frame rate: 23fps
Source: Retail DVD.


The Sponge Bob Movie

SpongeBob and Patrick journey to the hazardous Shell City to get back King Neptune's stolen crown 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0434356/

Type of file: .avi
Size: 700MB
Length: 1hr 27mins
Frame size: 592x320
Data rate: 11kbps
Bitrate: 140kbps
Frame rate: 23fps
Source: Retail DVD.