Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"She Don't" is a R&B song written by Walter Milsap and Candice Nelson for LeToya Luckett's self-titled debut album LeToya (2006). It was produced by Walter Misap and released as the album's second single in autumn 2006. Although the song was expected to follow its predecessor success, the song only achieved moderate success throughout USA. The song contains a sample from The Spinners' song "We Belong Together"

Capitol chose She Don't to become Luckett's second single, and the video was directed by Chris Robinson (who also directed her previous video for "Torn". It was shot in Atlanta in the week of June 28, 2006 and premiered on July 5, 2006 on BET's Access Granted.

At the start of the video Luckett arrives in a Lamborghini Gallardo showing her case better than before (emotionally, financially and beautifully) ironically Slim Thug, LeToya's ex-boyfriend, appears in this video with role as her ex-boyfriend. As the video progresses Luckett direct herself away from her ex, but then he follows her, after a brief conversation (this being the song itself) she leaves the place, confusing his mind, then Luckett shows with dark outfit in a dark place, referring to his dreams. Then Slim Thug is seen driving a Cadillac with his current girlfriend, but it changes turning out to be Luckett. After this Luckett is showed in a bilinear gradient glass-field making sensual moves. Finally at the end of the video, all environments are showed in a lapse of time turning out to be only Slim Thug's dreams. He then gets out of bed, where his girlfriend is laying and calls up "Toya." The music video had a brief success on BET's 106 & Park peaking at the #2 position on the countdown.

LeToya is the debut studio album by American singer LeToya Luckett, released by Capitol Records on July 25, 2006 in the United States. The album spawned three singles: "Torn", "She Don't" and "Obvious". Besides the officially released singles, LeToya's debut album also includes the promo singles, "U Got What I Need" and "All Eyes On Me". LeToya co-wrote 10 out of the 14 tracks. As the first album of LeToya, recording and release followed the cease of Destiny's Child.

The album garnered mostly positive reception from music critics, debuting at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200, making it the singer's first album released to do so. It was certified Platinum in December 2006.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

