Shadowrun is a pen-and-paper role-playing game[1] set in a futuristic world (currently 63 years in the future, or 2073)[2] where megacorporations control the lives of not only their employees, but command entire armies (the 10 biggest corporations in the world have extraterritoriality, much like an embassy has now). Tech is state of the art and cyberware and bioware (cybernetically enhanced body parts or augmented parts grown in a vat then implanted in place of natural organs) are common. Magic has returned to the world with a vengeance, mutating vast numbers of people into dwarves, elves, orcs, trolls and even more exotic creatures. The computer crash of 2029 and various conflicts and plagues have reshaped the financial landscape of the world. Now when conflicts arise the corporations, governments, even wealthy individuals, and organized crime subcontract their dirty work to specialists, those who then perform "shadowruns" or missions undertaken by deniable assets—those without an identity, or those that wish to remain unknown. The most skilled of these specialists, called shadowrunners, have earned a reputation for getting the job done. They have developed a knack for staying alive, and prospering, in the world of Shadowrun.

The Shadowrun world is cross-genre, incorporating elements of both cyberpunk and urban fantasy. The game is set approximately 60 years in the future to that of present-day Earth. It takes on an alternative reality to that of our own history. It includes an account of important events from now until the time of the game. As in many near-future cyberpunk settings, Shadowrun includes advanced computer technology and sophisticated cybernetic implants. Unlike in a purely cyberpunk game, in the Shadowrun world, magic returns in 2011. Among other things, this causes humankind to split into subtypes, also known as metatypes. Some of these metatypes take the form of elves, dwarves, orks, or trolls. Likewise, some animals have turned into familiar monsters of past fantasy and lore and both monsters and human magicians have regained magical powers. By the second half of the 21st century, in the time the game is set, these events are accepted as commonplace. Man, machine, and magic exist in a world where the amazing is among the most common and technology has entered into every facet of human (and metahuman) life.