This is Ronald Cooke's amazing booklet Ian Paisley - Protestant Protagonist Par Excellence (1987) which sketches the life of dr. Ian Paisley as the central figure in the Ulster politico-religious situation. Although not a biography this study is primarily an apologetic for Paisley's ministry. In face of the world-wide vilification by the international news media, perhaps no other man in this century has received such a barrage of unrelenting hate literature directed against him as Ian Paisley. There is scarcely a man of the world in any country who likes him. He certainly is not loved by the international news media. He is hated by the loving men of the irenic dialogue. He is deplored by the compromising evangelicals. He is castigated even by the weak sisters of the truly reformed. It is indeed interesting to see what an avoidance of the reproach of Christ does to the visible church. All the respectable Christians line up in array against those who bear the reproach of Christ and in so doing, they identify more with the enemies of Christ than they do with his friends. The hatred of the Irish-American Roman Catholic lobby toward him culminated in their having his visa to visit America revoked in 1981. This should demonstrate the international intrigue which is against him, at least to those who profess to be interested in Biblical Christianity; alas it goes unnoticed by an American Christian populace which seems more interested in the outcome of Sunday afternoon football games than it is in the outcome of religious liberty. Cooke believes that Paisley is a spiritual giant in a day of religious pygmies. There is certainly no uncertainty as to where he stands in relation to historic biblical Christianity. He stands forth in sharp contrast to the apologetic question marks, popular compromisers, and new evangelical neutralists who clutter up the pulpits of Protestantism today. This brief study sets forth a defense of this modern reformer even though he himself sees no need for any defense of his ministry or of his person. 40 pages. A must read for everyone.
