This is a digital sampling from VHS, as I do not believe this film has ever been converted for DVD. It is nice and clean, though.


According to the Wikipedia:

"Ensign Pulver
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Ensign Pulver

Directed by	Joshua Logan
Produced by	Joshua Logan
Written by	Peter S. Feibleman
Joshua Logan
Thomas Heggen (novel)
Starring	Robert Walker Jr.
Burl Ives
Walter Matthau
Jack Nicholson
Music by	George Duning
Cinematography	Charles Lawton Jr
Editing by	William H. Reynolds
Distributed by	Warner Bros. Pictures
Release date(s)	November 25 1964
Running time	104 min.
Ensign Pulver is a 1964 American film and a sequel to the 1955 film Mister Roberts. The movie features Robert Walker, Burl Ives, Walter Matthau, Tommy Sands, Millie Perkins, Kay Medford, Peter Marshall, Jack Nicholson, Richard Gautier, George Lindsey, James Farentino, and James Coco.
[edit]Plot

In this sequel, the U.S.S. Reluctant is docked beside an island of beautiful nurses. Faster than you can say "First Aid", the men of the Reluctant are seeking medical attention. Several of the plots of the film are taken from Thomas Heggen's original novel Mister Roberts such as attacking the Captain whilst he is watching a film and one of the sailor's children dying with the sailor trying to obtain compassionate leave to return to the USA.
[edit]Cast

Robert Walker, Jr.	 ... Ensign. Frank Pulver (billed as Robert Walker)
Burl Ives	... Capt. Morton
Walter Matthau	... Doc
Tommy Sands	... John X. Bruno
Millie Perkins	... Nurse Scotty
Kay Medford	... Head Nurse
Larry Hagman	... Billings
Peter Marshall	... Carney (as Peter L. Marshall)
Joseph Marr	... Yeoman Dowdy
Gerald S. O'Loughlin	... LaSueur (as Gerald O'Loughlin)
Diana Sands	... Mila
Robert Matek	... Capt. Donald 'Stretch' Zimmer
Jack Nicholson	... Dolan
Al Freeman, Jr.	... Taru
Richard Gautier	... Stefanowski
George Lindsey	... Lindstrom
Sal Papa	... Gabrowski
James Farentino	... Insigna
James Coco	... Skouras
Don Dorrell	... Payne
Gavin MacLeod ... Unnamed extra crewman"