Broadway Comics was a short-lived comic book publishing company started by Jim Shooter in 1995, after his former company, Defiant Comics, had folded.  The company was a division of Broadway Video Entertainment with Shooter as co-owner of the characters.

Broadway Comics debuted with the preview comic Powers that Be, followed by the series Star Seed, Fatale, and Shadow State.  Other series were to follow, though only Knights on Broadway was launched before the company abruptly closed, leaving unfinished story arcs in all series but Fatale.

The Broadway continuity, like Shooter's two previous attempts, took place in real time and the characters rarely wore superhero uniforms.  One innovative thing at Broadway Comics was the comic-within-a comic called Blood S.C.R.E.A.M. as a part of the story in Shadow State. Blood S.C.R.E.A.M. parodied Rob Liefeld of Image Comics's works from the names to the artwork, down to the first story arc which was called, "Image Isn't Everything".

Before the company shut down, Shooter intended to integrate the concepts from Defiant Comics into the Broadway Comics continuity.  However, in 1996, Broadway Video Entertainment was sold to Golden Books, which then promptly went bankrupt.  Broadway Comics didn't have the infrastructure or the means to continue.


Powers That Be 
Powers That Be was Broadway's first ongoing title as well as their first published item. Powers That Be ran 6 issues.  The first issue contained two stories, one with Fatale and one with Star Seed.  Issues 2 through 6 only contained the Star Seed storyline.  After issue 6, Broadway changed the title of the series from Powers That Be to Star Seed.  Star Seed ran three more issues under the new title before Broadway shut down.  The first three issues were all produced as black and white promotional issues printed on lower-quality paper.  Aside from the lack of color, the promotional issues are the same as the colored retail versions. 
The Star Seed is Cor, a half-human-alien, who searches for his kidnapped father and his missing technology. 


Fatale
Fatale is a woman who has the ability to leech memories and energy from people by kissing them, and her battles with an evil organization called The Brotherhood.  The series addressed the trend of super-muscular/voluptuous female heroes by featuring a lead character who was likewise large-breasted, and the series often poked fun at her physique and appearance.


Shadow State
The issues generally had two stories, one of which featured the character Fatale.  The first two issues also contained a Fatale storyline that continues in the Fatale series. 


Knights on Broadway
Knights on Broadway features child-prodigy Tammy who can see into the future. A genius at age 2, she strives to provide a solution for the impending virus that will destroy current society.  Knights on Broadway was originally solicited under the title City Perilous. However, no known issues were published under that title.


Babes of Broadway
Pin-up book featuring Fatale and other female Broadway characters. 


The only Broadway comic not currently scanned is Miracle on Broadway, which is a rare one-shot comic used as a Christmas card for Broadway's clients.  Only 1150 of these child-oriented comics were produced.  The comic contains the first appearance of the Knights on Broadway and an early appearance of Star Seed.  It also contains the first and only appearance of Spire while more adult-oriented characters like Fatale were excluded. 


Released on http://ComicPirates.info