Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 50 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can't continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)




This is a DVD-rip in Spanish with soft-coded English subtitles for the concert and for one of the "extras" which include a couple music videos and a brief documentary. The two music videos in the "extras" do not have subtitles, but the documentary does.

Here are some descriptions I found on various sites:

Veteran jazz pianist Ramon Valdes (aka Bebo) and upstart flamenco vocalist Diego Salazar (who goes by the stage name El Cigala) became an unexpected sensation in Europe after the release of their first collaborative album in 2003, and this performance video captures these singular musicians on stage. Bebo and Cigala en Vivo documents the duo's trademark blend of jazz and traditional Latin sounds in a Spanish concert hall, accompanied by Nino Josele on guitar, Israel "Pirana" Porrina on percussion, and Javier Colina on bass.

In 2003, the venerable Afro-Cuban pianist Ramon "Bebo" Valdés teamed with the modern Spanish flamenco singer Diego "El Cigala" Salazar for an incredible fusion of pan-Latin styles on their Grammy Award-winning album LÁGRIMAS NEGRAS. Directed by Spanish director Fernando Trueba (BELLE EPOQUE, CALLE 54), BLANCO Y NEGRO EN VIVO presents a visual companion to LÁGRIMAS NEGRAS with a 19-song live performance recorded in Mallorca in June 2003, as well as a behind-the-scenes documentary on the making of the album.

Bebo Valdés, 84 years old, becomes platinum album with his collaboration with flamenco singer, Diego el Cigala. This double DVD contains all their music in images. DVD 1, tittled 'Black and white' is a live recording filmed in Palma de Mallorca (Spain) in the summer of 2003. DVD2 contains a documentary by film director Fernando Trueba, containing all the rehearsals and first contacts for the making of the album 'Lágrimas negras'


Diego el Cigala

He was born Diego Jimenez Salazar in Madrid in 1968, but, one day, Camarón gave him the name of Dieguito "El Cigala" (the crawfish). Diego comes from a family of artists, including his uncle Rafael Farina. He grew up in the area of the Madrid flea market, which was the scene of his first childhood engagements as a singer.

At twelve years of age, he won his first award in the flamenco competition of a town near Madrid, and another award in a television contest called "Gente Joven".

Diego started off singing as a dance accompanist. Famous dancers such as Cristóbal Reyes, Mario Maya, Manolete, Farruco, Manuel Camacho, and el Güito sought him out, musicians such as Tomatito and Vicente Amigo hired him for studio recordings, and in 1994 he began his solo career, accompanied by the guitarists Anton Jiménez, David Amaya, Paquete, and Tomatito. Following the publication of his second recording "Entre vareta y Canasta", his habitual guitarist has been el Niño Josele. In 2000 the cantaor Juanito Valderrama proclaimed Dieguito to be one of the most promising young voices.


Ramon Valdes (a.k.a. Bebo)
From Wikipedia:
Bebo Valdés (born Ramón Emilio Valdés Amaro in Quivicán, Havana, 9 October 1918) is a Cuban pianist, bandleader, composer and arranger. He was a central figure in the golden age of Cuban music, led two famous big bands, and was one of the 'house' arrangers for the Tropicana Club.

Valdés started his career as a pianist in the night clubs of Havana during the 1940s. From 1948 to 1957 he worked as pianist and arranger for the vedette Rita Montaner, who was the lead act in the Tropicana cabaret. His orchestra Sabor de Cuba, and that of Armando Valdés, alternated at the Tropicana backing singers such as Benny More and Pio Leyva. Valdés played a role in the development of the mambo during the 1950s, and developed a new rhythm to compete with Perez Prado's mambo, called the batanga. Valdés was also an important figure in Cuban jazz and taking part in the Panart Cuban jazz sessions (one was commissioned by American producer Norman Granz). In the late 1950s he recorded with Nat 'King' Cole.

In 1960, with his singer Rolando La Serie, Bebo left Cuba for Mexico. He then lived briefly in the United States before touring Europe, and eventually settled in Stockholm, where he lived until 2007. In Sweden he was instrumental in spreading the techniques of Cuban music and latin jazz.

In 1994 a CD, Bebo rides again, revived his career. The film Calle 54 by Fernando Trueba brought his piano playing to a wide audience. In 2004 he was again filmed by Trueba, in El milagro de Candeal, in Brazil. Valdés has won five Grammy Awards: two for El arte del sabor in 2002, one for Lagrimas negras, and two for Bebo de Cuba in 2006 (in the categories Best traditional tropical album and Best Latin jazz album).

His many compositions included Guempa, Daquirí, Dile a Catalina, Nocturno en batanga, La rareza del siglo, México querido and Ritmando el chachacha.



More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/


