Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos.


Frontlines is the second single off album Miracle by american nu metal band Nonpoint. The song made its impact at radio on August 10th. Lead singer Elias Soriano said, "Frontlines is for our country’s armed forces. They risk their lives everyday to protect the rights, liberties and lives of people whose names they don't even know."

The official music video was premiered on MTV2 on September 23. Also the band released a viral video made by frontman Elias Soriano.

"After hours of looking at photos online of soldiers, solely for the sake of a picture to be worked into the artwork of the release of "Frontlines" I was so moved and inspired by the commitment, not to mention the emotional and physical risk our soldiers take for strangers everyday, that I had to create this as a reminder. We are blessed that we are protected by such strong hearts." - Elias Soriano.

Miracle is the sixth studio album by American Hard Rock/Metal band Nonpoint. The album's title track will also serve as its first single. This is the first Nonpoint album to feature new guitarist, Zach Broderick who joined the band in late 2008 following the departure of original member Andrew Goldman. The album was recorded in Racine, WI and was produced by Mudvayne singer Chad Gray and guitarist Greg Tribbett.

The album debuted #59 on the Billboard 200 charts. Miracle is the second highest debut of the bands career. It also landed at #5 on the Rock albums chart in its first week of release.

It was announced in February 2010 that the album was to be released on April 27, 2010, however it was delayed and was announced on March 10th that the release date would be on May 4, 2010.

The album was released in Europe on June 14th via Powerage Records.

Nonpoint, stylized as nonpoint is a four-piece Alternative Metal Band originating from Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Nonpoint was formed in January 1997 by drummer Robb Rivera, vocalist Elias Soriano, guitarist Andrew Goldman and bassist Kenneth "KB" Mcmillan, The band rose to popularity in the burgeoning South Florida metal scene of the mid-late '90s. Other notable bands to emerge included Puya, Endo, Darwin's Waiting Room, Lost, Marilyn Manson and The Groovenics.

Nonpoint's first album Separate Yourself was released independently in 1998. The band's first commercially released album Struggle was released on May 18, 1999 on the now defunct Jugular Records.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/