UK Truck Simulator

Trucks are great, aren’t they? Admit it: every time you see a lorry powering down the motorway, you secretly wish you were driving one, experiencing the excitement and adrenaline rush of moving valuable cargo from one corner of the country to another. You yearn to be the biggest vehicle on the roundabout, bullying all other road users out your way, skilfully manoeuvring your quarry around challenging bends as you do so. Whenever you see a cab pulling a trailer emblazoned with the Maersk or Smurfit logo, you glare daggers at the lucky driver, cursing him for being so lucky for landing such a dream job.

Well, you’re in luck! UK Truck Simulator lets you experience the thrills (and occasional spills) of trekking all across the country, making deliveries and keeping to deadlines. After being greeted with some pumping techno-rock upon loading, you’ll traverse mainland Britain in a variety of cabs from different manufacturers, cruising between locations such as Glasgow, Sheffield, Felixstone and Grimsby taking in motorways such as the M1, the M8 and the A12 as you do so.

It’s as thrilling as it sounds. You’ll start off by being shown around your meticulously detailed cab and taught how to attach cargo trailers before embarking on your first expedition from one city to another. You’ll spend huge amounts of time motoring across the country, respecting other road users and taking the exits necessary to reach your destination, manoeuvring your wide load through smaller residential roads as you reach the final stages of your delivery. After docking, you fit a new trailer and begin your next delivery…

And that’s about it. Truck Simulator’s entire premise relies on this model, making you do delivery after delivery for as long as you want (read:  can endure). The large majority of your time is spent on the motorway, which wouldn’t be so bad if it just wasn’t so damn boring. Sure, you can pan around your cab, admiring the buttons on your steering wheel and checking the dashboard to see which gear you’re currently in, but even these thrilling activities don’t deter the onset of ennuyeux creeping in to accompany you on your travels. Your mind will wander, leading you to drive – mindlessly or otherwise- across lanes of ‘traffic’ without much fear of penalty or reprisal.

Whenever traffic does appear, you’ll need to be careful around it: the smallest shunt or traffic infraction can lead to some fairly hefty punishment.  At the end of each run, you’re awarded varying amounts of cash based on how well you drove, incorporating factors such as how quickly you made your delivery and the final condition of your shipment, which can be used to buy bigger and better trucks, garages in which to keep them and fuel to keep your vehicle moving while on the road. Smashing into another road user or failing to stop at a red light will greatly reduce the amount you’re paid alongside damaging your reputation, even dropping you ranks if you did particularly badly or had a run of bad luck. It’s aggravating and demoralising to see an otherwise good run sullied by one small mistake, especially when it’s caused by an A.I. driver smashing into your trailer even when you’re sitting stationary waiting for them to pass.

As you complete deliveries and build your reputation (and avoid any particularly rage-worthy mistakes), you’ll gain the opportunity to become independent and start a logistics company of your very own. In addition to attempting to stay awake on the motorway, you’ll need to keep an eye on your finances as you purchase petrol to ensure your deliveries remain on time. The temperature on the excitement thermometer never exceeds this tepid peak, even if you decide to drive recklessly in order to glean even just a slither of fun from the title’s dreary and repetitive gameplay that not even honking your horn, flashing your headlights or putting your windscreen wipers on full pelt can brighten.

UK Truck Simulator will appeal to the small audience: anyone looking to become or practise being a trucker will get a good amount of use out of it, as will people learning to drive, thanks to its adherence to abide by road laws through the correct and proper use of indicators, headlights and so on. For anyone else looking for an enjoyable little driver will be sorely disappointed at just how dull it can be. You’d have more fun going on an actual road trip and camping out in your cab when night falls. UK Truck Simulator won’t make you keep on truckin’.

Thanks for downloading!

Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!Seed!!!