From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:

I think it was pretty clear, when he got paired up to bottom for Brent, that Todd had a real curiosity about doing stuff with another guy and was more than willing to get fucked. It was pretty hot seeing the looks of obvious pleasure on his face as Brent did him, and immediately after I filmed that video I decided we really had to get another one shot, as well!

With Todd being so big and muscular, Cade seemed like a perfect partner for him as he is also a big, muscular, buff stud. Clearly, Todd appreciated that fact and you can see that from the looks on his face as the action gets going here! Just as he did with Brent, Todd gets this focused look on his face, as well as a smile he can't hide, that betray the fact that he couldn't possibly be more excited about what is going on. I think we've officially passed the "curious" stage and are at the point where he's just doing what he loves to do! As Todd sucks Cade's dick, it looks like a labor of love. I don't think I've ever filmed a guy enjoying themselves so much while sucking off a fellow CF stud. There are times where he's obviously sucking with the intention of making Cade feel good, but other times where he's obviously just relishing the fact that he has another man's dick in his mouth and is entirely consumed by that fact.

By the time we get to the fucking, both of these guys are in top form! Seeing all that muscle flexing, tightening, and glistening with sweat is pretty damn hot, and hearing Todd's moans as Cade pumps his ass is hot as heck. Cade's dick is definitely thicker than Brent's but Todd handles it with no problem!

There's something insanely hot about seeing a stud as big and buff as Todd getting totally worked over by Cade. He obviously couldn't be happier as Cade pumps his ass, and the closer he gets to orgasm the more he begins to talk dirty and beg for Cade to fuck him harder. Todd looks like he's in heaven as he covers his own rock hard abs in his load while Cade fucks him. He looks even more in heaven when Cade cums in his mouth!