Keely Smith - Swing, Swing, Swing 
Original Release Date: February 22, 2000 
Audio CD:  February 22, 2000 
Label: Concord Records 
Quality: Flac + Cue

Recorded at Capitol Studio A, Hollywood, California in April 1999.  Includes liner notes by Tony Bennett.

Nearing the age of 70, without a recording session in more than 15 years, Keely Smith returned on the heels of the '90s rejuvenation of swing music.  Recorded for the Concord label, Swing, Swing, Swing does just what the title promises. Smith rips through 16 songs with barely a pause for breath, including plenty of swing standards ("Kansas City," "Jump, Jive 'An Wail," "On the Sunny Side of the Street," "Yeah, Yeah, Yeah," and the title track) as well as a few obscure songs and at least one new one ("Keely's Boogie").  The backing -- by the Frank Capp Orchestra with arrangements by Dennis Michaels and Don Menza -- is big, brassy, and more than enough to contend with Smith's surprisingly strong voice.  Walking a very fine line between nostalgia and real innovation, Swing, Swing, Swing throws enough chestnuts to the younger audience to qualify as generational crossover, but never compromises the high-class swing that Keely Smith has always championed. ~ John Bush

Editorial Reviews - Amazon.com
The mid-'90s lounge music revival has come and gone, the music of Louis Prima has been used to sell khaki pants, but--strangely enough--vocalist and Prima ex-wife Keely Smith has remained relatively quiet.  Until now. With the appropriately titled Swing, Swing, Swing, Smith proves she still has the perfect timing, pitch, and vocals that she had on those classic collaborations with Prima.  Also, the late trumpeter-bandleader's spirit seems to permeate this infectious disc.  Smith starts with a lively medley of "When You're Smiling" and "The Sheik of Araby," does Prima favorites "Jump, Jive, An' Wail" and "Robin Hood," and includes plenty of unique numbers she can call her own (just check out "Keely's Boogie").  "Yeah, Yeah, Yeah," "Yata Hei," and the album's title track are some highlights--upbeat numbers where the 17-piece Frankie Capp Orchestra provide all the jazzy energy of Smith's old bandleader, Billy May.  There are a few disappointing tunes--"Let the Good Times Roll," a studio performance meant to sound like a live lounge recording--and "Palm Springs Jump," but this is still a great comeback. ~Jason Verlinde 

Three simple words. This CD swings. From the first cut to the last, "Swing, Swing, Swing" will have you moving, if not dancing!  Backed by the Frankie Capp Orchestra, Keely still proves that she has the chops to sing these songs. Certainly, at 70 her voice is not the same as it was when she was 30, but it still remarkably strong, and quite honestly, her voice and talents clearly surpass many of today's so-called divas.  Some highlights of the CD are "Jump, Jive, and Wail," "When You're Smiling/The Shiek of Araby," and the extended version of "Swing, Swing, Swing."  My only complaint, and it's minor, is the CD length. At about 47 minutes, I was hoping to hear more. But still, if you like swing, jazz, or music that moves, this CD is highly recommended. ~ R. Angeloni

Personnel:
Keely Smith (vocals);
Pat Tuzzolino (guitar, background vocals);
Sal Lozano, Danny House (alto saxophone);
Don Menza (tenor saxophone, clarinet);
Pete Christlieb, Joel Peskin (tenor saxophone);
Jack Nimitz (baritone saxophone);
Frank Szabo, Pete Candoli, Rick Baptist, Carl Saunders (trumpet);
Jim Self (trombone, tuba);
Andy Martin, Charlie Loper, Charlie Morillas (trombone);
Dennis Michaels (piano, background vocals);
Chuck Berghofer, Richard Simon (acoustic bass);
Kenny Wild (electric bass);
Frankie Capp (drums);
Don Williams (percussion);
Toni Prima, Luanne Prima (background vocals).

Keely Smith - Swing, Swing, Swing Tracks:
01  When You're Smiling / The Sheik Of Araby        
02  Let the Good Times Roll        
03  Oh Louie        
04  Kansas City        
05  Jump, Jive & Wail          
06  Keely's Boogie        
07  Yeah Yeah Yeah        
08  Swing, Swing, Swing (Sing, Sing, Sing)        
09  Yata Hei        
10  I Can't Believe That You're in Love With Me        
11  Palm Springs Jump        
12  House Party Tonight        
13  On Sunny Side of the Street          
14  Giddy up Ding Dong        
15  Robin Hood / Oh Babe        
16  Swing, Swing, Swing (Sing, Sing, Sing)  