Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Note: This video is a "Movies & Music" video so it has 2 logos.



"Foolish Games" is a song by Jewel released as her third/fourth and final single, taken from her debut album Pieces of You. It was also the third single to be lifted from the Batman & Robin motion picture soundtrack. Jewel re-recorded the single for the soundtrack to produce a more radio-friendly version, similar to her other singles "Who Will Save Your Soul" and "You Were Meant for Me". A verse was taken from the original lyrical liner to shorten the length of the song. The single version can be found on the soundtrack of Batman & Robin.

The song details Jewel's frustration and agony of knowing that her lover, or friend, does not care about her as much as she cares for him. The song parallel's Bruce Wayne's relationship with Julie Madison, as well as his friendship/partnership with Dick Grayson/Robin. The melodic line and chord progression of the verses in "Foolish Games" carry echoes of "Diamonds & Rust", recorded by Joan Baez.

A commercial single for the song was not issued in the United States. A re-released version of "You Were Meant For Me" contained a bonus hidden track of the single version of "Foolish Games", however, this was not noted on the back inlay of the CD single, which listed the tracks.

Jewel held the record in the Guinness Book of World Records for longest chart run of a single for "Foolish Games"/"You Were Meant for Me", which charted for 65 weeks. This record was later surpassed by "How Do I Live" by LeAnn Rimes in 1997 and 1998, and "I'm Yours" by Jason Mraz in 2008 and 2009, with the former song spending 69 weeks on the chart and the latter with 76 weeks.

Jewel was nominated for Best Pop Female Vocal at the 1998 Grammy Awards for this song.

It is very briefly heard at the beginning of the song The Way by Fastball when the radio was scanning through FM stations.

"Foolish Games"/"You Were Meant For Me" ranked at #15 on Billboard's All Time Top 100.

Pieces of You is the debut album by singer/songwriter Jewel, released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). Though it made little impact initially, "Who Will Save Your Soul" eventually received airplay and the album sold over 12 million copies in the USA, making it one of the best selling debut albums ever. It was produced by Ben Keith, who has also produced works for artists such as Neil Young and Patsy Cline. Other hits include "Foolish Games" and "You Were Meant for Me" as well as the UK single "Morning Song."

After two years, the album was re-released. Featuring the re-recordings for You Were Meant for Me and Foolish Games.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

