PowerProducer is the solution for users of DV and HDV camcorders alike: whether you own a DV or HDV camcorder, prefer .mpg, .mp4 or .avi, your new software will handle it! Now you can also capture video in high-definition formats such as AVCHD. You can import existing files from your hard drive or scenes from discs, so that you can even give a second life to older clips by including them in any new project you wish to undertake. You are not limited to what you shoot with your camera: with PowerProducer 5, you can capture television content with a TV tuner card (digital and analog TV), so that you can enrich your projects with pieces from even more sources that you like.

PowerProducer supports the encoding of video with Dolby Digital 5.1 audio, so that you can retain the original sound quality of your recordings, and create discs that are compatible with your Dolby Digital playback devices. You can feel the movie theater experience, right from your sofa. Nobody said you had to shoot perfect videos in the first place. Whether it is a shaky video issue, poor lighting, noise, or red eyes, PowerProducer 5 helps you fix it. PowerProducer 5 agrees with you: photos have a place in movies too! This is why you get to work with pictures in ways similar to videos.

Main Features:
» Capture video from your HDV camcorder or digital/analog TV tuner card, or import high-definition files
» Enhance your videos and slideshows with Magic Tools
» Work with Dolby Digital 5.1
» Burn as you capture in real time using Right-to-Disc
» Create stylish disc menus that match your inspiration
» Show your personality with movable buttons, titles, effects, and more
» Make quick edits with trim and cut tools
» Add themes and create complete videos automatically with Magic Movie Wizard
» Merge clips - for a flawless TV recording
» Output to any disc you like: Blu-ray Disc, DVD, VCD - you'll be spoilt for choice
» Your video was perfect from the start: burn directly to disc using Right-to-Disc™
» Play discs on home disc players
» Watch disc content on widescreen TVs and PC displays
» Upload your videos directly to

  Size: 84.8 Mb
  OS: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7

Tested And Working

Enjoy