Release Title The Last Airbender CAM READ NFO XViD-KiNGDOM (Kingdom-Release)
Release Length (1h 34mn)
Storyline The story follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must put his childhood ways aside and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water, Earth and Air nations.

Cast
Dev Patel ... Prince Zuko
Nicola Peltz ... Katara
Jackson Rathbone ... Sokka
Shaun Toub ... Uncle Iroh
Aasif Mandvi ... Commander Zhao
Cliff Curtis ... Fire Lord Ozai
Seychelle Gabriel ... Princess Yue
Katharine Houghton ... Katara's Grandma
Francis Guinan ... Master Pakku
Damon Gupton ... Monk Gyatso
Summer Bishil ... Azula
Randall Duk Kim ... Old Man in Temple
John D'Alonzo ... Zhao's Assistant
Keong Sim ... Earthbending Father

Release Date 1 July 2010 (USA)
Genre Action | Adventure | Family | Fantasy
Language English
Total Size 842 mb
Source Last.air.stro.avi Thanks and DiNGiE for turning me onto it, thx m8.

Video Specs
Container: AVI(.AVI)
Video Codec Type: XVID
Video Codec name: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Avg. Bitrate: 1099 Kbps
Encoding: 2 Pass
Resolution: 674 x 384
Quality Factor (QF): 0.299
Frame Rate: 29.976 fps


Audio Specs
Audio Codec: MP3
Bitrate: 128 Kbps
Sample Rate: 48.0 KHz
Channel Count: 2

IMDB
www.imdb.com/title/tt0938283/


NOTE: Glad to see ya back around KB. Cant wait for ya to get back in action. :D Continuing the legacy of great quality, KiNGDOM releases... ;) First off this is not near one of the best CAMs, but watchable. The source used was stro and it had tons of issues like interlace (still there), poor resolution, pixalation, some camera movement and so on and so on :lol: It still has its issues. I may give it another shot, but maybe not. The audio on the other hand isnt to bad. I did what I could with it or actually felt like doing to it, as Im hoping like the rest of yall we get a new video source. Just putting out there cause its available. :P 
Heed the warning. TAKE IT or LEAVE IT!!! No moaning bout this and that. ;) ;) 
I am looking for some new sources cams,direct audio,dvd or vhs screeners or any thing else you can provide Contact us @ kingdom@hush.ai 
Greets: KingBen, tiato, DiNGiE - All of Kingdom & UKB, STG, IMAGiNE, The GRiM, KK, paulx1, Secret Myth, Ho's, and all else I Respect, you know who yall are ;)


Screenshots
 
http://postimg.com/image/18000/17483.jpg
 
http://postimg.com/image/18000/17484.jpg