Description


NOT A CANNABISLEAF RIP.. THANKS TO ORIGINAL RIPPER. I TOOK VIDEO TS FOLDER AND MADE IT ISO.. THATS ALL. UNTOUCHED DVD9 2
discs

Description: DVD Title - "Hard Knocks - The Chris Benoit Story"
Review by Brett Schwan

Normally I wouldn't mention or even review a WWE DVD on this site. However, having been a Chris Benoit fan since his
days in New Japan Pro Wrestling (and the fact that the DVD was on sale at FYI) I had to buy it.

"Hard Knocks - The Chris Benoit Story" follows Chris' career from Calgary to Japan to the United States. This DVD does
a great job of educating those fans who did not know there was a Chris Benoit prior to WCW and the WWE.

The DVD features commentary by Benoit on the different phases of his career, including his idolization of the Dynamite
Kid, training in Calgary, his breaking into New Japan, Extreme Championship Wrestling (where he broke Sabu's neck which
lef to the creation of "The Crippler", entering WCW, leaving for the WWE, his neck injury and return, and all the way
through his WWE career to his championship victory at Wrestlemania XX.

The DVD features comments from long-time Benoit friends Dean Malenko, Eddie Guerrero, and Chris Jericho as well as
Benoit's family (including his mom, dad, and wife, Nancy) and friends in Edmonton.

Benoit shows his emotions when discussing the passing of Owen Hart and his memories of training in Stu Hart's dungeon.
There is footage of Benoit visiting the Hart house, clips of his 1995 WWF tryout matches, clips from New Japan Pro
Wrestling, and tons of still photos of his time training as a teenager and working in Calgary.

Benoit is brutally honest in his thoughts about ECW. Telling how when he broke Sabu's neck, Paul Heyman was more
excited about the creation of the Benoit Crippler gimmick than in telling Benoit how Sabu was. Remastered audio from the
Sabu incident allows you to actually hear Sabu talking about his broken neck as he lay on the floor of the ECW Arena.

Benoit also mentioned that he kept asking for a work visa but Paul Heyman kept telling him it was being worked on. Once
he was warned at the border about his possibly being barred from entering the US, he insisted he get a work visa. When
Paul Heyman told him not to worry, Chris decided not to return to ECW.

Benoit briefly talks about his issues with Kevin Sullivan (Nancy Sullivan left Kevin and married Benoit). Instead of
slinging dirt, he notes that he wants to be able to explain things to his children (from a first marriage) when they are
old enough, before talking about it to the rest of the world.

Benoit goes on to discuss his first Wrestlemania, working with The Rock, wrestling Kurt Angle an so much more.
Exclusive footage of Benoit celebrating in the ring after Wrestlemania XX and embracing Dean Malenko backstage
afterwards.

The DVD ends with ta Benoit music video.

The match listing for the DVD is simply awesome. You can choose from the original Japanese commentary, Tazz and Michael
Cole, or Todd Grisham with Benoit, Malenko and Tom Pritchard. Avoid the Grisham commentary as he couldn't even pronounce
Jushin correctly.

The ECW bouts were a thrill for me, as I was at many of them live. To relive them sent chills down my spine. Benoit vs
Al Snow from Double Tables was a great match. The now infamous Sabu neck break. The list goes on and on. It was also
great to see the Superbrawl 3 bout against 2 Cold Scorpio

If you are a fan of Benoit, this DVD is a no brainer. If you are a fan of actual WRESTLING, this fan is a no brainer.
Simply put... this DVD is a must see for anyone who claims to be a wrestling fan.

Matches listed for the DVD set are:

-Pegasus Kid (Benoit under a mask) vs. Jushin Liger for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Title Match (Tokyo, Japan August
19, 1990) featuring original Japanese commentary as well as alternative commentary tracks by Tazz and Michael Cole and
Benoit, Dean Malenko & Todd Grisham.

-Chris Benoit vs. 2 Cold Scorpio from WCW Superbrawl III (4/21/93) - Great 20 minute bout

-Wild Pegasus Chris Benoit vs. Black Tiger (a masked Eddie Guerrero) from New Japan Pro Wrestling's Super J Cup
Tournament Round 2 (Tokyo, Japan - 4/16/94) featuring original Japanese commentary as well as alternative commentary
tracks by Tazz and Michael Cole and Benoit, Dean Malenko & Todd Grisham.

-Wild Pegasus Chris Benoit vs. Great Sasuke in New Japan's Super J Cup Tournament Final (Tokyo, Japan - 4/16/94)
featuring commentary by Tazz and Michael Cole and an alternative commentary track featuring Benoit, Dean Malenko & Todd
Grisham

-Chris Benoit vs. Sabu at the ECW November to Remember '94 - Benoit breaks Sabu's neck, creating the Crippler
nickname.

-Chris Benoit vs. Al Snow ECW Double Tables (February 1995 - Great Match)

-Chris Benoit vs. Eddie Guerrero from WCW Monday Nitro (10/16/05)

-Chris Benoit vs. Kevin Sullivan WCW Great American Bash 96 PPV (6/16/96)

-Chris Benoit vs. Booker T in the Best-of-Seven Finals, WCW Great American Bash 98 PPV (6/14/98)

-Chris Benoit vs. Bret Hart - The Owen Hart Tribute Match in Kansas City, WCW Monday Nitro (10/4/99)

-Chris Benoit vs. Sid Vicious - WCW World title victory and Benoit's last WCW match, WCW Souled Out (1/16/00)

-Chris Benoit vs. Steven Regal from the Brian Pillman Memorial Show, (5/26/00) featuring commentary by Michael Cole and
Tom Pritchard

-Chris Benoit vs. Kurt Angle - Steel Cage Match, WWE Raw (6/11/01)

-Chris Benoit vs. Kurt Angle at Royal Rumble 2003 (1/19/03)

-Chris Benoit vs. Triple H vs. Shawn Michaels - Wrestlemania XX

Extras:

-Benoit's Neck Injury July 2001 Raw

-WWE Confidential looks at the Crippler Crossface

-Benoit's Raw Magazine Cover Shoot
Additional Information:
Extra Info: UPLOADERS NOTES:
another wwe dvd upload.. this one may be a keeper folks. kept it in dvd9 format untouched beyond using imgburn to turn
the video ts folder into an iso

i have always been a fan of chris benoit, and due to his actions i tried really hard to get a good review of this dvd
set to get alot of snatches. But surprisingly every single review is good to great. alot of people think this is the
best dvd put out by the wwe. also this is no longer available for sale due to the wwe being a family program. so grab it
while its hot. once i stop seeding this releases its off the seedbox and prolly off pc as well. so happy
downloading!!

-1 for being long winded lolz

also take note of all the audio options.. 3 streams for the the japanese matches.. including "director commentary" by
benoit himself!