About SketchBook Pro 2010

Free your creativity with Autodesk® SketchBook® Pro painting and drawing software, offering best-in-class sketching tools for professional designers and artists from all industries. Designed specifically for use with digitized pen tablets and tablet PCs, SketchBook Pro equips you with the tools you need to move easily from pen and paper to a digital environment. 

    *
    *
*

Designed for use with tablet PCs or digitized pen tablets, Autodesk® SketchBook® Pro painting and drawing software is your digital sketchpad. It is easy to use with fast, reactive drawing and productivity-enhancing tools that help you express your ideas freely and boost production. Use it in any design process where pen and paper would traditionally be used, including:

    * Product concept design and ideation
    * Illustrations
    * Character studies
    * Set and level designs
    * Storyboarding
    * Annotation and review

Autodesk SketchBook Pro: Paint User Interface
	
View Larger

Paint User Interface
The user interface is easy to learn for new users and fast and efficient for experts. Customizable marking menus give one-flick access to key tools like colors and brushes. Intuitive on-demand controls zoom, pan and rotate the canvas. Straight-edge and ellipse templates capture perfect strokes. Floating tools change your brush size as you work—without opening the brush editor.
Autodesk SketchBook Pro: Brush Customization
	
View Larger

Brush Customization
Create nontraditional brushes to add texture to an image, enhancing the creative drawing process beyond what is possible with pen and paper. Create and save your own brushes, erasers, airbrushes, or smear brushes. Vary the size, transparency, roundness, slant, and stamp spacing. You can also specify your own image as the brush stamp to create custom texture brushes.
Autodesk SketchBook Pro: Drawing Annotations
	
View Larger

Drawing Annotations
Quickly load and view images and digital photographs. Use brushes to mark up and add comments.
Autodesk SketchBook Pro: Email Integration
	
View Larger

Email Integration
Integrated email lets you instantly send sketches and annotations to colleagues and clients. New email messages are created automatically in your default email program with the current image attached.
Autodesk Sketchbook Pro: Graphic Design Interoperability
	
View Larger

Graphic Design Interoperability
In addition to opening and saving common file formats such as TIF, BMP, JPG, and PNG, Sketchbook Pro supports the PSD format so you can share layered files with Adobe® Photoshop®.


For Autodesk SketchBook Pro 2010 Windows

    * Microsoft® Windows® XP or Microsoft® Windows Vista®
    * 800 MHz processor
    * 256 MB of RAM
    * Graphics card capable of 1,024 x 768 display


