 http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0118928/

Volcanologist Harry Dalton and mayor Rachel Wando of Dante's Peak try to convince the city council and the other volcanologists that the volcano right above Dante's peak is indeed dangerous. People's safety is being set against economical interests. Written by Rune Dahl Fitjar {rfitjar@online.no} 

Without warning, day becomes night; air turns to fire, and solid ground melts beneath white-hot lava. Welcome to the town of Dante's Peak, where a long-dormant volcano is about to erupt with devastating force. Who will survive when the inferno unleashes its fury? Written by Robert Lynch {docrlynch@yahoo.com} 

USGS scientist Harry Dalton is sent to the small town of Dante's Peak to check on unusual activity. Spurred by the volcano related death of a previous lover, Dalton urges Mayor Rachel Wando to put the city on alert. Dalton's boss, Paul Dreyfus arrives and countermands Dalton demanding scientific proof. When the proof finally arrives, Harry and Rachel must go to the volcano to rescue her two children and ex-mother-in-law. Tension builds as they try to reach safety while the town below is destroyed. Written by Mark Perew {perew@kaiwan.com} 

Harry Dalton is one of the most experienced geologists in the United States Geological Survey (USGS), 4 years after he lost his girlfriend, Marian to a volcanic eruption in Columbia. He receives a call from his boss, Paul Dryfus to check on a Cascades volcano called Dante's Peak. While the town of the same name is celebrating their accomplishment to be number 2 on the most wanted place to live in the country, he meets Rachael Wando, the mayor of the town and owns a small business of food and drinks, while Harry is checking on Dante's Peak he notices tress, animals and even people had died recently near the volcano, he wants to put Dante's Peak on alert, but people, even his boss could not listen to him because of no real evidence. For a week, the volcano was not overly active, but then the activity began to increase, just as the town was on alert, Dante's Peak erupts. Harry, Rachael and her kids must traverse through, ash that falls like rain, lava, acid lakes and a eruption cloud to escape from the volcano. Written by John Wiggins 

A vulcanologist arrives at a countryside named Dante's Peak after his boss instructs him to investigate the possibility of a dormant volcano (the Dante's Peak) getting active again in that region. As story progresses, we see that Dalton is getting increasingly convinced that the volcano might blow up but his boss is reluctant to declare an emergency in the city yet (because of possibility that if the volcano finally does never erupt, the real estate prices will plummet anyway and the city might loose a huge financial investment deal). Unfortunately, the common residents of the area know nothing about it until very late. Finally, when Dante's Peak does erupt, the city panics, some does not survive the catastrophe, including Dalton's boss and for Dalton and the mayor of the city (who falls in love with Dalton) and her children, it becomes a race against the pyroclastic cloud to save their own lives.
