Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Lookin' for a Good Time" is a single by American country music trio Lady Antebellum. It is the second single from their self-titled debut album, as well as their second Top 20 hit on the Billboard country charts. The song was co-written by the trio's three members (Dave Haywood, Charles Kelley, and Hillary Scott) along with Keith Follesé, and it features lead vocals from both Kelley and Scott.

"Lookin' for a Good Time" received a "thumbs up" review from the country music site The 9513. Although reveiwer Matt C. called the storyline "fairly pedestrian" and said that the producers "[did] their best to ruin" the song, he also made note of Kelley's "distinctive, husky voice" and the alternating lead vocals, adding "I’m not likely to confuse this group with any other artist on country radio, and when you combine this special quality with two fine vocalists and the trio’s generally smart (if unremarkable) musical sensibilities, I have a hard time imagining the Lady Antebellum single that I will truly dislike."

Lady Antebellum is the self-titled debut album by the American country music trio Lady Antebellum. It was released on April 15, 2008. Its lead-off single, "Love Don't Live Here" was released in late 2007 and entered Top 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in May 2008. A second single, "Lookin' for a Good Time", was issued in June 2008, and peaked at #11. "I Run to You" followed as the third single from the album in January 2009, and became and the groups first number-one single on the Hot Country Songs chart in July 2009.

The album has debuted at #1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts and #4 on the overall Billboard Top 200 charts. It was the first time that an album by a new duo or group debuted at #1 on Top Country Albums in its first week of release.

Lady Antebellum is an American country music group formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2006. It is composed of Charles Kelley (lead and background vocals), Dave Haywood (background vocals, guitar, piano, mandolin) and Hillary Scott (lead and background vocals). The group made its debut in 2007 as guest vocalists on Jim Brickman's single "Never Alone", before signing to Capitol Records Nashville and releasing "Love Don't Live Here". The song, which peaked at #3 on the Hot Country Songs charts in May 2008, served as the first single to the group's self-titled debut album. Certified platinum in the US, the album also includes the singles "Lookin' for a Good Time" and "I Run to You", the latter of which became the group's first Number One in July 2009. "Need You Now," was released in mid-2009 and is the first single off the band's new album to be released in early 2010; it is also the group's second number one single.

Lady Antebellum has been awarded Top New Duo or Group by the Academy of Country Music and New Artist of the Year by the Country Music Association. They were nominated for two Grammy Awards at the 51st Grammy Awards and two more at the 52nd Grammy Awards.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

