 http://bayimg.com/aaaekAAdo

The Class (2007) 

Klass (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0988108/

Estonian language with English subtitles

The Class (Estonian: Klass) is an Estonian film about school violence directed by Ilmar Raag. It was released on March 16, 2007.

  Vallo Kirs  ...  Kaspar  
  Pärt Uusberg  ...  Joosep  
  Lauri Pedaja  ...  Anders  
  Paula Solvak  ...  Thea  
  Mikk Mägi  ...  Paul  
  Riina Ries  ...  Riina  
  Joonas Paas  ...  Toomas  
  Kadi Metsla  ...  Kati  
  Triin Tenso  ...  Kerli  
  Virgo Ernits  ...  Tiit  
  Karl Sakrits  ...  Olav  

Since the movie was released, two school shootings have taken place in nearby Finland — the Jokela school shooting and the Kauhajoki school shooting. In analysis of both events, the movie has been raised as an illustration by columnists and other media pundits.

Brutal bullying catalyzes a high school massacre in the harrowing teen drama The Class.  Like Elephant, it's inspired by the Columbine tragedy, but unlike Gus Van Sant's film, it posits a rationale for the violence. More controversially, it puts the viewer in the uncomfortable position of wanting the bullies severely punished. 
 
This well-made film perfectly captures the fraught world of public high school, from nasty student cliques to well-meaning but oblivious teachers. Parental figures, too, are clueless. Debuting writer-director Raag workshopped the storyline with the 15 main members of his non professional teen cast and credits them with helping achieve the right tone. 

Tale unfolds from the p.o.v. of two ostracized students. Main victim is 16-year-old Joosep (Part Usuberg), whose hunched shoulders and deer-in-the-headlights stare indicate he's long been the butt of his classmates' taunting. Confident, good-looking Kaspar (Vallo Kirs), on the other hand, moves from being one of Joosep's tormentors to serving as his protector. 

Country lad Kaspar is new to the school, and at first just wants to fit in. Although the popular kids don't invite him to their parties, he begins a tentative relationship with pretty blonde Thea (Paula Solvak). 

When the boys push the naked Joosep into the girls' changing room and hold the door shut, Kaspar interrupts the proceedings at Thea's request. His intervention doesn't go down well with Anders (Lauri Pedaja), the class' alpha male, who also covets Thea's attention and contrives to have the others shun Kaspar as well. 

The more Kaspar feels honor-bound to protect Joosep, the more the others bedevil him. Over the course of a week, Joosep suffers increasingly severe humiliations. By the time Anders' gang devises its ultimate torture, viewers are definitely rooting for the beleaguered boys to take revenge. Sadly, extreme violence is the only route they consider. 

The entire cast of young actors is convincing. Kristjan-Jaak Nuudi's eye-catching camerawork and Tambet Tasuja's at times MTV-like cutting match their high-energy performances. When it was released the film rose to second place at the Estonian box office. 

There are no twists in Klass, no unexpected reversals or flying magic faeries; there is only progression. Much hinges on a climactic evening on a beach and its raw, emotional effect on you, but the film gains power precisely from the fact we know what's coming: like being bound and forced to watch an inevitable pileup on the highway. Film also gains from placing viewer sympathy squarely with the victims, to the extent that when the guns get drawn, you want the bullies to feel the bullets. Every missed shot is frustration. And although Raag does not glorify violence, his message is clear: if you start it, they will come—and armed. School violence may be tragic, sad, may cost the lives of those who were never involved; but don't say it is ever unexpected.

While comparisons to Gus Van Sant’s Elephant (2003) and its Mikael Håfström directed Swedish cousin Ondskan (2003) are inevitable, Klass is a far less abstract and more shocking work as many unsuspecting viewers will readily testify after watching the film in its entirety. As if to complement the beautiful cinematography and flawless direction, Klass features a superb soundtrack that mixes elements of pop, death metal and light piano with ethereal vocals reminiscent of such critically-acclaimed films as All About Lily Chou Chou (2001) and Let the Right One In (2008). The result is a pervasive air of Scandinavian surrealism that permeates each and every shot.

Along with Veiko Õunpuu’s Autumn Ball (2007), Klass establishes Estonia as a potent new force in European cinema. Ilmar Raag’s ability to seamlessly combine MTV-inspired jump cuts with Euro-trash soundtrack and Dostoevsky-lite subject matter while infusing the whole picture with a uniquely Baltic sensibility results in an unforgettable world-class cinematic experience that is at once visually stunning, emotionally draining and psychologically rich. Highly recommended to anyone, especially those trying to recover from the new bout of Harry Potter addiction.

