Title: The Munchables
Genre: Platformer  
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: PAL
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
Exploring rich and vibrant environments, players will devour delectable enemies as they guide their quirky heroes in this zany alien munching mash-up. The home planet of the hungry Munchables is at stake when it is invaded by the evil Don Onion and his vicious band of space pirates. As their lively planet has been usurped, the embattled Munchables have only one hope; to devour their food enemies to grow large enough to defeat Don Onion and inevitably return peace to their captive land. In The Munchables, players are called upon to eat and defeat over 150 insidious enemies who have taken over the planet including Eggplanter, Space Shroom and Rice Baller. With each fallen foe, the daring omnivorous Munchables grow in size and power in their brave struggle. In this tantalizingly addictive game, players can also enjoy Mirror Mode, where stages are in reverse order and they must beat the clock in order to save the world. Eating your way to take on Don Onion and his delicious minions, The Munchables will leave you hungry for more!    


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers