Reincarnation & Auras

Date: 10-27-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: Barbara Y. Martin, Dimitri Moraitis, Rosemary Ellen Guiley

Two experts on auras and human energy, Barbara Martin and Dimitri Moraitis discussed the mechanics and significance of reincarnation and karma, as well as the human aura. People typically reincarnate around 800 times in order reach perfection, as "they grow to heaven," said Moraitis, adding that the first couple hundred of lives tend to be instinctual and primitive. Death serves as a rebirth on the Other Side, where in astral form a person recuperates in the "Rose Room," and meets with the "Lords of Karma," who review your life and determine what you still need to do, Martin detailed.

"Karma is the law of cause and effect...and we create karma with every word, thought, and deed...and it's going to come back to us basically the way we put it out," Moraitis explained. We are held accountable for our actions based upon our motivations, he continued, noting that karma is not an endpoint but a starting one. If you are aware of your mistakes, your karma will be different when you die, than if you were oblivious, he shared. Martin noted there are often heavy karmic ties to various family members.

An aura is the energy that emanates from all living things, stated Martin, adding that she began to see auras when she was only three years old. She read George Noory's aura, and saw many different colors such as gold (wisdom), emerald green (harmony and balance), and lemon yellow (powers of concentration). Moraitis outlined the three different types of auras-- mixed, devolved, and enlightened, and said people can change their aura through a meditation practice of just 10 minutes a day.

Ghosts & Hauntings
First hour guest, author Rosemary Ellen Guiley talked about ghosts, hauntings, and communicating with spirits. She classified some ghostly activity as a kind of "residual haunting" that is imprinted into a space, and is usually repetitive and non-interactive. By contrast, hauntings that have a more disturbing quality are more likely perpetrated by non-human entities from other dimensions, who sometimes pose as deceased people.