Starring: Phil Cornwell | John Sessions | Ronni Acona
Director: Peter Richardson
Genres: Comedy | Television
Languages: English
Released: October 1st, 2001
Aspect Ratio: 4:3
Audio: AC3 / 2 Channel / English
Subtitles: None
Run Time: 1 Hours 27 Mins 34 Secs
Extras: 40 min condensed series 3 (see below)

Stella Street Website here- 
http://homepage.mac.com/elliottday/stellastreet/index.html

Series 3

First broadcast on BBC2.

Each episode is ten minutes long, not fifteen; this marks a return to the series one lengths, at least for the UK.

1. Get Chisholm’s success is revealed (straight to video), Mick and Keef go on tour leaving David Bowie in charge of the corner shop, and Michael Caine disagrees with the new parking restrictions. Marlon Brando returns to the Slurreys' vacant no. 56, whilst trying to beat Mrs Huggett down below £3.50 per hour, and Patrick Moore arrives as company for Jimmy Hill. Meanwhile, Jack Nicholson is working on his den of iniquity. Broadcast 04/09/2000 (Aus), 23/11/2000 (UK).

2. David Bowie is settling down in his new role as purveyor of newspapers to the stars (or not), and tries a spot of cold calling. Joe is visited by Billy Easy and his friend Charlie Schwartz, who fall in love with his accent. Michael Caine has a run in with a traffic warden while Get Chisholm goes straight to dustbin, and Len is up to no good. Broadcast 04/09/2000 (Aus), 30/11/2000 (UK).

3. Jimmy Hill is now host to Patrick Moore, Alan Rickman and Jimmy Saville. Princess Margaret makes a brief appearance in the corner shop. Marlon Brando rushes round to watch Eastenders with Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman & Jack Nicholson at Mr Shines. According to a broadcast with Patrick Moore, an asteroid is on collision course with the earth with a 50:50 chance of impact. Mrs. Huggett has no belief in this happening, and once she has turned of the television she keels over. Has Mrs Huggett died?... Broadcast 11/09/2000 (Aus), 04/12/2000 (UK).

4. Michael Caine goes round to Mrs Huggett’s, and sees that she has collapsed. He rushes to get Roger Moore, and interrupts him having a “NatWest”. Joe Pesci manages to get her door open with firearm assistance. Mrs Huggett is saved and reminiscing with Michael, we see early days with her husband in flashback. David Bowie hands over the corner store to Dean, who immediately stuffs himself with three quarters of a hundred weight of chocolate. Mick & Keith return from their tour and a combination of Dean’s gas and Keith’s lighter cause the shop to explode. Broadcast 11/09/2000 (Aus), 05/12/2000 (UK).

5. Mick’s application to join the police as a special constable is accepted by Scotland Yard. He ponces down Stella Street in his Special Constable uniform. Bowie auditions (badly) for a Cheese Tingles commercial (in front of a very attractive group of auditioners). Michael arranges a coach trip to Seaford for Mrs Huggett who is believed not long for this world, Al, Joe & Jimmy come along too, with Len clinging to the roof after Michael refuses his plea to travel on the bus. The episode ends with Patrick Moore dancing in a drug-induced state along to the ‘Len Song’. Broadcast 18/09/2000 (Aus), 07/12/2000 (UK).

6. Cyril the driver shows an avant-garde German porno video after Michael complains about the Muzak. At a petrol stop Mrs H is ordered off the bus because she has been smoking and making her way through a bottle of sherry. Joe promptly impales him with a harpoon and assumes driving duties. Finally, they all arrive at the Seagull’s Nest in Seaford, only to discover it’s run by the Slurreys. It’s raining and the only other hotel is full, so they all go back, except for Al, who decides to sleep on the beach. Broadcast 25/09/2000 (Aus), 11/12/2000 (UK).

7. Still in Seaford on Mrs. Huggett’s sentimental journey, where she and husband Norm courted (he proposed on Seaford pier), she remembers the night of the London & South East Ballroom Dancing Championships, with entertainment
from Tommy Cooper and Birch and Willow. Her comic taste is ahead of its time. She is awoken from her reverie by Des Lynam and drags him back to the Seagull’s Nest. Meanwhile Sir Anthony Hopkins is in town, running a café called The Tuck Inn and Michael acquires a souvenir with a difference—a tattoo on his arse. Broadcast 25/09/2000 (Aus), 12/12/2000 (UK).

8. Jack Flatley, as a bumblebee in Cinderella, cops a serve from the panto’s star Tony Blackburn (Buttons). Back in Stella Street, a fight breaks out in Jack Nicholson’s club Mr Shine’s, between David Bowie and Marlon Brando, and who’s that standing next to Dustbin? Why, it’s an advertising executive from episode 5. Marlon is winched out by heavy lift crane from his prone position after the fight. Meanwhile, a visitor turns up at The Tuck Inn, Seaford—Sir Alec Guinness (obviously made before his death!), looking for Norman Huggett. Broadcast 25/09/2000 (Aus), 14/12/2000 (UK) (transmission in wrong aspect ratio owing to BBC incompetence).

9. Still at Seaford, Van Morrison and Sting appear on stage together with some disharmony. Al Pacino is arrested and held on a vagrancy charge, but his skills of Italian cuisine come to the rescue. Mrs Slurrey (The Home Counties Whore) and Jimmy Hill have the hots for each other, and Jimmy gives her a thorough rogering to the consternation of others at the Seagulls Nest B&B, and the disgust of Gray. Pam and Jimmy’s antics disturb Michael and Jack Flatley in the next room… Broadcast 04/10/2000 (Aus), 18/12/2000 (UK).

10. In his police cell Al dreams of his trial where Keith is defence counsel and Mick is prosecuting (“I’m dead!”). As the Surbitonites all prepare to leave Seaford, Mrs Huggett spots her ex, Norm who has bigamously been running a newsagency in Seaford (what took her so long?). He flees the scene pursued by Mrs H. and Michael Caine on a tandem. On a cliff top Norm ponders the choice of reunification or taking the big leap. Simple choice really and over he goes. Broadcast 04/10/2000 (Aus), 22/12/2000 (UK). THE END (or is it…?)

40 Minute Special (DVD extra)

1. The residents of Stella Street visit the south coast on a coach. Mrs Huggett is up to no good, and the Slurreys make a welcome return, but what is Jimmy Hill up to? This comprises the Seaford footage from Series 3 episode 5 onwards, as above, with a few brief flashbacks from episode 1/1, some extra footage and many deletions. It doesn’t show Stella Street at its best, by any means, but a 40 minute show is at least more visible to channel-flippers (hits to this site skyrocketed as soon as it was broadcast). Broadcast 03/01/2001 (UK).



The cult BBC comedy show sends-up the world of celebrity like no other! Come and join the illustrious residents of Stella Street including Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Jack Nicholson, Michael Caine, Jimmy Hill, Joe Pesci, Al Pacino, David Bowie and Madonna amongst others!

Two guys playing whole street of characters.... Holly wood characters such as Jack Nicholson and Al Pacino living in the leafy suburbs of Surbiton. It's all pure genius, from the corner shop run by Jagger and Richards, to the running commentary by Michael Caine. In the middle of it all is Jimmy Hill, pleading with for someone to watch the FA cup final with him. This is classic off the wall BBC2 comedy. Well worth a watch. Classic genius.

I've run this Region 2 DVD through http://www.dvddecrypter.org.uk/ so it's now a region free and unaltered original DVD.

If this UPload goes well and I get some support from other seeders to free up my bandwidth I will UP -
Stella Street Movie 2004 DVD.

This is a really funny cult comedy, and can't see it on any torrent sites anywhere, with Stella Street 2004 (DVD Rip) being the last upload (back in 2005) which has now long since died. I tried to Rip this to AVI but in the end felt it best to keep it in it's original DVD form.


Burn to a Dual Layer Disk (I think it's worth it ;p)
or Mount to a virtual drive like Daemon Tools http://www.disc-tools.com/download/daemon

Feel free to leave a comment or thanks.
Enjoy:)