Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Lovesong" (sometimes listed as "Love Song") is a song by the English alternative rock band The Cure, released as the third single from their eighth studio album Disintegration  in 1989. The song saw considerable success in the United States, where it was their only top ten pop hit; in the United Kingdom, however, the single only charted in the top twenty.

The track has been most recently covered by JES in various trance and acoustic styles, as well as The Brunettes for the 2008 American Laundromat Records tribute album Just Like Heaven - a tribute to The Cure.

Jes Brieden (aka JES) is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and frequent guest vocalist.

Since meeting Tiësto, Jes signed with his record label, Black Hole Recordings, and released her first solo album Disconnect. She also graced Tiësto’s artist album Elements of Life with the song Everything  and continues to wow crowds as the opening artist for the Tiësto Worldwide Tour of Elements Of Life. Jes has also collaborated with DJs like D:Fuse, Deepsky and Solar Stone, producing tracks like Living The Dream, Ghost, and Like A Waterfall. The last appears on the internationally acclaimed DJ Tiësto’s In Search of Sunrise 4; her other songs "People Will Go" appears on In Search of Sunrise 5, "Imagination" on In Search of Sunrise 6, and an acoustic version of "Imagination" on Gabriel & Dresden's Bloom Album.

Jes continues to write and released her second album Into The Dawn with Black Hole Recordings in January 2008. Currently Jes Brieden is working on a new album called "Highglow", and has been performing live on Tiësto's Elements of Life World Tour. Her songs One Moon Circling and Talk Like A Stranger were recently covered by Mark Norman on his album Colours.

The album Highglow was released in Germany on March 12, 2010; however, it was released internationally on March 16, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/