Conflicting Emotions is a 1983 album by New Zealand New Wave band Split Enz. Although considered by some to be their poorest release, the band themselves were more than happy with the result at the time and refused to make any of the changes requested by their Australian and US record companies.

As recording began, Tim Finn had just released a successful solo album, Escapade, and was focused on promoting it. As a result, most of the songs on the album are by Neil Finn.

The album's title was certainly appropriate. The rumored resentment over Tim Finn's successful solo career was made worse by his insistence to include drummer Ricky Fataar in recording sessions and using a drum machine on most other tracks. Hence, although Noel Crombie is credited as drummer/percussionist on the album liner notes, he actually contributed very little drumming.

The first single to be lifted from the album was "Strait Old Line", which peaked at a disappointing #31 on the Australian charts in late 1983. Without a big hit single to promote it, Conflicting Emotions failed to crack the Australian Top 10 - a disastrous commercial blow after three consecutive #1 albums. The band advertised for a new drummer before taking to the road for the Conflicting Emotions tour, hoping that an injection of new blood would revitalize them. Paul Hester answered the call, joining Split Enz in time to feature in the "Message to My Girl" video clip.

When released as the album's second single in February 1984, "Message to My Girl" was the big hit the album had needed upon release. It returned the band to the Australian Top 10, reaching #6, and is now one of their most beloved songs. It would prove to be the band's swansong in the Australian charts.

The b-side to "Message to My Girl", "Kia Kaha", was recorded during these sessions. The same recording was subsequently included on the next album.

The album cover art was created by former Split Enz frontman Phil Judd, while the back cover was painted by Noel Crombie.