General Information
===================
 Title:                  The Final Solution
 Author:                 Michael Chabon
 Read By:                Michael York
 Copyright:              2004
 Audiobook Copyright:    2004
 Genre:                  Mystery & Thrillers
 Publisher:              Harper Audio
 Abridged:               No

Original Media Information
==========================
 ISBN:                   0-06-076571-2
 Media:                  CD
 Number:                 3
 Source:                 Library
 Condition:              Good

File Information
================
 Number of MP3s:         17
 Total Duration:         3:21:29
 Total MP3 Size:         92.37
 Parity Archive:         No
 Ripped By:              A_S
 Ripped With:            Audiograbber
 Encoded With:           LAME 3.96
 Encoded At:             CBR 64 kbit/s 44100 Hz Mono
 Normalize:              MP3Gain, Radio 84dB
 Noise Reduction:        None
 ID3 Tags:               Set, v1.1, v2.3

Book Description
================
Initially published in the Paris Review in 2003, Chabon's first significant adult fiction since his Pulitzer-winning The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay (2000) continues his sophisticated, if here somewhat skewed, appropriation of pop artifacts—in this case one of the greatest pop artifacts of all, Sherlock Holmes. As fans of the great detective know, after retirement Holmes moved from London to Sussex, where he spent his days keeping bees. Chabon's story takes place during WWII, when Holmes is 89 and intent on bee-keeping until a mysterious boy wanders into town. The boy is remarkable for two reasons: he's clearly intelligent but is mute, and he keeps a parrot that mouths, among other utterances, numbers in German. 

When the parrot is stolen, local cops turn to Holmes, and he's intrigued enough to dust off his magnifying glass and go to work. The writing here is taut and polished, and Chabon's characters and depictions of English country life are spot on.

Roused out of retirement, a former detective, now a beekeeper, is identified only as "the old man." The story opens in the summer of 1944 when he sees a boy with a parrot on his shoulder walking along the train tracks. The boy is Linus Steinman, a refugee from Nazi Germany who lives with Mr. and Mrs. Panicker and their grown son in their boardinghouse. Though Linus doesn't speak, his parrot, Bruno, recites strings of numbers in German, as well as bits of poetry and snatches of songs. When a boarder is murdered and Bruno is kidnapped, the local police try to engage the beekeeper in helping them solve the crimes. He agrees to help, but only to find the bird. Thus begins his last case, his "final solution." The double meaning of the title gives subtle layers to the story and reveals the man's deep compassion for Linus. Chabon's writing can be both startlingly clear or laced with intricacies and detours. One chapter is told from the point of view of the parrot. Readers will enjoy the realistic characters and lush descriptions, and, best of all, trying to figure out the mysteries. Even the identity of "the old man" is a mystery until they figure out the clues for themselves–the tweed suit, the pipe, the beekeeping, and the sharp mind that can only belong to one famous sleuth. 

Copyright © Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. 
All rights reserved.--This text refers to the Hardcover edition.

From Bookmarks Magazine
From his editorship of an issue of McSweeney’s to his Pulitzer Prize-winning 
Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay, Chabon has mined genre fiction 
and pop culture in pursuit of literary gold. His newest novella finds 
him polishing up the detective story as an unnamed Sherlock Holmes comes 
out of beekeeping retirement to work the case. Reviewers applaud the 
fresh approach Chabon takes with Holmes’ character, eschewing analytic 
genius for emotional complexity. Critics labeled the title’s reference 
to the Holocaust distasteful, but to be fair, it also ties to The Final 
Problem, the story in which Sherlock Holmes meets his apparent demise. 
The plot appears compelling enough, but Chabon’s literary prose pushes 
critics to a tipping point; some assert there’s more than just a gripping 
yarn at hand, while others question the combination of detectives, geopolitics, 
and ten-dollar words.

Copyright © 2004 Phillips & Nelson Media, Inc.--This text refers to 
the Hardcover edition.

From AudioFile
While Chabon's novel of suspense is relatively short and Michael York 
delivers a stellar performance, it's a challenge to the listener. The 
work does not translate well to audio. Chabon is a master of complexity, 
both in the stories he crafts and the style in which he writes. Although 
these distinctions work well in print, in audio the listener does not 
have the luxury of being able to turn back pages frequently to re-read 
complicated sentences. The result is an anomaly. Michael York could 
not be better, and his style and tone fit well into a mystery based 
in the English countryside. But York's strengths simply cannot overcome 
Chabon's complicated plot and narrative style, which are best enjoyed 
in print. D.J.S. © AudioFile 2005, Portland, Maine-- Copyright © AudioFile, 
Portland, Maine

From Booklist
Following Summerland (2002), his foray into fantasy, Chabon continues 
to tinker with genre fiction, this time with a peculiar homage to the 
classical detective story. It's summer 1944: the Allies are slogging 
their way across France, and deep in the British countryside, a man 
is killed, apparently while in the act of stealing a German boy's parrot. 
The boy, a seemingly mute Jewish refugee living with a melancholy African 
minister and his English wife, captures the interest of a long-retired 
detective, once famous for his remarkable deductive abilities. Thus 
begins a slow-moving but atmospheric evocation of the mood and feel 
of Christie and Sayers. Once roused from his reclusive retirement, our 
nameless, pipe-smoking, beekeeping hero proves every bit as eccentric 
and outlandishly brilliant as the classical-era detectives he evokes: 
Holmes, Poirot, Wimsey. Although Chabon patches together a serviceable 
plot--the murder victim may have been some sort of spy, and the number-spouting 
parrot may be hoarding a secret--he is less interested in constructing 
a genuine puzzle than in assembling a cast of eccentrics and letting 
them frolic in the countryside. It's all accomplished with plenty of 
smart, stylistic turns, but finally the short novel feels like a lesser 
Coen brothers movie: all the trappings without much filling. That's 
the trouble with genre homages: too often they turn out be Potemkin 
villages. Bill Ott
Copyright © American Library Association. All rights reserved

San Francisco Chronicle (Best Books of 2004)
"Chabon’s writing here is elegant and limber…[The Final Solution] is 
a little mystery story with big ideas."--This text refers to the Hardcover 
edition.

Buffalo News
"Infused with a graceful, elegiac atmosphere…wrought with innovative 
construction, glittering with epiphany…remarkable."--This text refers 
to the Hardcover edition.

BookPage
"Exuberant…the real mystery is how Chabon managed to fit so much hope 
and humanity into such a brief tale."--This text refers to the Hardcover 
edition.

Miami Herald
"Watching Chabon skillfully zigzag between literary and genre is half 
the fun of the book…refreshing."--This text refers to the Hardcover 
edition.

Denver Post
"A knockout…you’ll be done before you know it. Then you might well read 
it again."--This text refers to the Hardcover edition.

New York magazine
"A profound pleasure."--This text refers to the Hardcover edition.

Christian Science Monitor
"Michael Chabon, is, simply, the coolest writer in America."--This text 
refers to the Hardcover edition.

Baltimore Sun
"The writing is everything that Chabon’s fans expect--gorgeous, muscular, 
mildly melancholic…wonderfully executed."--This text refers to the Hardcover 
edition.

Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
"Packed with gorgeous writing…a knockout. You’ll be done before you 
know it. Then you might well read it again."--This text refers to the 
Hardcover edition.

The New York Sun
"One of the best-written American novels published this fall . . . an 
experiment by a master."--This text refers to the Hardcover edition.

Book Description

In The Final Solution, Michael Chabon has condensed his boundless vision 
to craft a short, suspenseful tale of compassion and wit that re-imagines 
the classic nineteenth-century detective story.

In deep retirement in the English countryside, an eighty-nine-year-old 
man, vaguely recollected by locals as a once-famous detective, is more 
concerned with his beekeeping than with his fellow man. Into his life 
wanders Linus Steinman, nine years old and mute, who has escaped from 
Nazi Germany with his sole companion: an African gray parrot. What is 
the meaning of the mysterious strings of German numbers the bird spews 
out -- a top-secret SS code? The keys to a series of Swiss bank accounts 
perhaps? Or something more sinister? Is the solution to this last case 
-- the real explanation of the mysterious boy and his parrot -- beyond 
even the reach of the once-famed sleuth? Subtle revelations lead the 
reader to a wrenching resolution.

This brilliant homage is the work of a master storyteller at the height 
of his powers.

Performed by Michael York


About the Author

Michael Chabon is the bestselling and Pulitzer Prize-winning author 
of The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay, Werewolves in Their Youth, 
Wonderboys, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh, Summerland (a novel for children), 
and The Final Solution. He lives in Berkeley, California, with his wife, 
the novelist Ayelet Waldman, and their children.

------------------------------------
Visit us for this and loads more:

www.audiobookvault.com
------------------------------------


Enjoy!!
