Ernan Lopez-Nussa - From Havana To Rio
2001

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Born in Havana, Ernan Lopez-Nussa studied classical piano at the prestigious Instituto Superior de Artes (Cuban Institute of Arts). His performing career started when he joined the legendary ensemble Afrocuba, with whom he participated in several recordings (among them, two discs with Nueva Cancion trouvadour Silvio Rodriguez). After leaving Afrocuba, he formed Cuarto Espacio with other former members of that ensemble. Cuarto Espacio was a tremendous electric jazz-fusion project wich he led for approximately two years. After this experience, he embarqued on a solo career. This new release surely reaffirms Ernan as one of the great contemporaneous Cuban pianists, along with Chucho Valdes, Gonzalo Rubalcaba, Frank Emilio, Hilario Duran, Jose Maria Vittier and so many others.

Recorded in Rio de Janeiro, From Havana to Rio showcases the strong playing of a master on a cross-cultural journey, back and forth between two of the most important focuses of Afro-Caribbean artistic creation. Brazil and Cuba share a common legacy, product of a similar historical experience. They share as well, a common projection in this new century. Ernan Lopez-Nussa travels at ease from one place to the other, speaking fluently in both musical languages. His own compositions are classy, elegant, and his re-interpretations of the wellchosen standards for this project are embedded with his trademark.

Tata Guines, Don Pancho Terry, Emilio del Monte, Jorge Sagua and Haydee Milanes work at unison with Ernan in this first rate recording.
-- LatinJazznet

Tracks
1- Baiao De Lacan
2- Mambo Inn
3- Fin Del Baile
4- Contradanza
5- Reencuentro
6- Isla
7- Bilongo
8- Sophisticated Lady
9- Vinheta

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org
