Outpost Firewall Pro provides a superior arsenal of defense against PC infiltration. Outpost ensures your online security with solid protection against all Internet-borne threats. Outpost is the first personal firewall developed with Open Architecture. It is also the first personal firewall that supports plug-ins. Sample plug-ins are included to show how this revolutionary technology can easily be employed for such tasks as Intrusion Detection, Advertisement Blocking, Content Filtering, E-mail Guard, and Privacy Control. It is equipped with every feature a personal firewall should have. It is the most functional firewall in the world. It supports all the latest security techniques and features such as: Full Stealth Mode, Anti-Leak, and MD5 Authentication.

Safety on the Internet
The two-way firewall stops inappropriate or malicious access to your computer from both internal (LAN) and external (Internet) sources. As a frontline defense, it prevents malware from spreading or “phoning home”, providing protection against hackers, loss of personal data, unknown malware, and unauthorized program activity.

Preemptive threat protection
Outpost’s Host Protection module monitors how programs interact to protect your system against high-level security breaches and has passed all well-known leaktests to prevent unauthorized transmission of information from your PC.

No more spyware!
Eliminate spyware with Outpost’s dedicated antispyware utility. Regular updates and always-on monitoring ensure that spyware cannot activate and cause damage to your data or divert your applications.

Secure web surfing
The versatile Web Control module safeguards you against the Internet’s darker side. It steers you away from websites infected with drive-by downloads, prevents the inadvertent disclosure of personal information, limits your exposure to potentially unsafe web properties, and keeps your identity private.

Bulletproof self-defense
Outpost cannot be deactivated by targeted attacks, ensuring continuity of protection.

Performance-driven operation
No matter what you do on an Outpost-protected computer, it will always feel like it’s brand new because the program uses so few system resources. The key engine has been optimized to deliver revolutionary speed efficiency, so you can focus on using your computer productively, not worrying about security issues.

Power without complexity
Whether you’re a security novice or expert, you can easily configure Outpost Firewall Pro to meet your needs. Thanks to automated and context-sensitive help, the firewall can learn how to handle alerts and make decisions for you, so you can focus on what you want to do, and leave the security to Outpost!


Enjoy