301 Life At It\'s Best

In this lecture, the significance of primary nutrients, carbohydrates, proteins and fats in the diet are discussed. The importance of a whole food diet and secondary plant compounds for human health are discussed together with the latest evidence for the essentiality of these compounds for perfect health. Are carbohydrates really fattening? How much protein do we need? Can one survive on the vegetarian diet? These are questions addressed in this video.


302 Your Health Your Choice

What influences do our lifestyles choices have on our health? We are living in a quick fix society that relies heavily on drugs and stimulants to make it through the day. In this lecture, the role of drugs and common stimulants such as tea and coffee is discussed. There is also a discussion on the role of food additives as causative factors in allergic reactions, hyperactivity, and disease.



303 Sitting on a Time Bomb

The animal husbandry industry has dramatically changed over the last decades. Farm animals are fed recycled animal protein feeds, manure, and petrochemical waste. In addition, a host of drugs, such as antibiotics and growth stimulants are used in industry. The consequences of these practices for human consumers are potentially devastating.
In this lecture, the ramifications of antibiotics, mad cows\' disease and infectious diseases are discussed and analyzed.


304 Udderly Amazing

Are dairy products good for us? For centuries, we have been led to believe that dairy products should form an essential component of our diets. However, it is well known that many nations are dairy-intolerant, and that even dairy-tolerant nations are subject to many allergenic responses to dairy products. New evidence implicates dairy in not only allergenic responses, but in potentially lethal diseases, such as osteoporosis, leukemia, diabetes, and many others. The latest scientific findings and their impact on our lifestyle choices are discussed.


305 Health and Happiness

Does vegetarianism offer a viable alternative for diets rich in animal products? Is it healthy to choose a vegan lifestyle and how does one ensure adequate quantities of all essential nutrients? These issues and many other factors pertaining to a healthy lifestyle are discussed indepth in this lecture. Moreover, recipes and household tips are provided to make the transition to a vegan lifestyle not only simple but delightful.
