Diskeeper 2010® EnterpriseServer performance software is essential for the high capacity and mission critical server. It is the only solution specifically designed to restore and maintain performance and reliability of large servers, including SANs, RAID arrays and NAS. Servers that must be kept on line with volumes up to 20TB and millions of fragments can only achieve peak performance 24/7 with Diskeeper 2010 EnterpriseServer. Now, with IntelliWrite™ preventing most fragmentation before it happens, the massive I/O traffic enterprise servers must process go directly to productivity, not writing fragmented files onto disk. As a result, server life is extended by years, energy and cooling costs are significantly cut.

IntelliWrite™ fragmentation prevention technology prevents up to 85% of the fragmentation every system suffers from. It intelligently writes contiguous files to the disk so server resources are not wasted creating fragmentation. The results? A whole new level of server speed and efficiency.

The Breakthrough of Diskeeper is the only defragmenter with InvisiTasking® technology, a real-time background processing technology that allows Diskeeper 2010 to defragment your system as fragmentation occurs, even during heavy traffic times — without using active system resources. InvisiTasking eliminates the need for scheduling and administrator attention.

NEW! Titan Defrag Engine
The remarkable Titan Defrag Engine™ technology is the most powerful defragmentation engine ever built, eclipsing even the previous technology leader — the Terabyte Volume Engine™ technology. Titan is specially developed for the most massive data volumes ever created. It will complete the job even faster and more thorough than TVE. Starting at 100 GB, it easily handles files fragmented into millions of pieces and volumes up to 20 TB and more. If you have servers managing massive amounts of data, the Titan Defrag Engine will be your newfound performance salvation.

Support for MOM/SCOM

Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) and System Center Operations Manager (SCOM) allow monitoring and management of numerous computers interconnected by one or more communications networks. Many products, such as Active Directory, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Exchange Server, Veritas BackupEXEC, and MOM itself can be monitored. Diskeeper software will provide MOM/SCOM numerous alerts, reports and the ability to manage and control product settings and configurations.

IPv6 (Internet Protocol version 6). Diskeeper 2010 Administrator now fully supports communication, such as remote management on native IPv6 networks.

Shift into High Gear with
Diskeeper 2010 I-FAAST® 2.0 (Intelligent File Access Acceleration Sequencing Technology) accelerates file access times to meet the heavy workloads of file-intensive applications. Utilizing a specially formulated technology, I-FAAST closely monitors file usage and organizes the most commonly accessed files for the fastest possible access, up to 80% faster.

Diskeeper 2010 EnterpriseServer opens the door to a new standard in performance and reliability.

OS: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7

For you have older Diskeeper keep the settings!!!!

For new one I can only give you serials and tell not let it call home

For those insist you can get Keygen if Pm me at our forum!!!

Link to key gen http://www.virustotal.com/sv/analisis/871fba3a837d988a99bee1f7610a71e3672d42119c39322a220bd488411bfa9d-1258634647

Any problem Tell me

Enjoy