 http://bayimg.com/OAPAHaAch

Jeffrey (1995) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113464/

Jeffrey is a 1995 American gay romantic comedy directed by Christopher Ashley. It is based on a play by Paul Rudnick, who also wrote the screenplay.

The movie features cameos by Olympia Dukakis, Victor Garber, Gregory Jbara, Robert Klein, Nathan Lane, Camryn Manheim, Kathy Najimy, Kevin Nealon, Ethan Phillips, and Sigourney Weaver. Christine Baranski has a small but memorable role as the socialite hostess of a fundraiser that (in Jeffrey's imagination) turns into a cater-waiter hoedown orgy. It co-stars Patrick Stewart as Sterling, an older gay decorator.


  Steven Weber  ...  Jeffrey  
  Peter Jacobson  ...  Man #1 (as Peter Jaconson)  
  Tom Cayler  ...  Man #2  
  David Thornton  ...  Man #3  
  Lee Mark Nelson  ...  Crying Guy  
  John Ganun  ...  Tourist  
  Michael T. Weiss  ...  Steve Howard  
  Joe Dain  ...  Movie Theatre Guy #1 (as Joseph Dain)  
  Jeffrey Ross  ...  Movie Theatre Guy #2  
  Irma St. Paule  ...  Mother Teresa  
  Patrick Stewart  ...  Sterling  
  Nicky Paraiso  ...  Salesman  
  K. Todd Freeman  ...  Barney's Waiter  
  Robert Klein  ...  Skip Winkley  
  Patti Ann O'Connell  ...  Cheryl, the Showgirl  

What happened to AIDS? Eight years ago, when Jeffrey was released, it seemed to be all anyone could talk about. It was everywhere—magazine covers, talk shows, television, classrooms—inescapable and undeniable.

But now? Where did it go? AIDS and HIV have become passé, and discussions about them are seen as trite and preachy. So movies are no longer made about the subject, and even shows that focus on gay culture, such as Queer as Folk, deal with it as a secondary story line, so as not to depress us and remind us of our mortality. Because that's it, isn't it? We've tired of hearing about AIDS because it brings us down. It's still around, but we'd rather ignore it in the name of optimism.

Who says we can't have both? Is it impossible to imagine a film that deals heavily with the topic of AIDS/HIV while still making us laugh ourselves silly? A film that reminds us that a shortened life should mean more celebration, not more mourning? A film about living with AIDS, not dying from it? A film like Jeffrey?

JEFFREY is a charming, proudly old-fashioned screwball comedy - the kind your parents used to love - that concerns a handsome young man who decides he's no longer going to have sex, particularly with other men. It's a throwback to those zany Preston Sturges-directed movies of the '40s, like The Lady Eve or The Palm Beach Story, or those underrated Doris Day vehicles of the '50s, the sort that makes you laugh out loud at just how goofy it can get. Writer Paul Rudnick's screen adaptation of his own Off-Broadway hit has all the sweetness of traditional Hollywood - romance, rapid pacing, stars, sex appeal, punch lines for days, even cute choreography and a touch of tragedy - without the usual bitter aftertaste.

The plot concerns the title character (the yummy Steven Weber), a 30-ish New York actor / waiter fed up with safe sex who decides that no sex is the only answer. He directs all his pent-up energy into the gym, where he instantly meets Steve (the scrumptious Michael T. Weiss), a hunky butch type who makes his amorous intentions hard to ignore. 

As a purely well-meaning film Jeffrey succeeds perfectly, filling just about every scene with inoffensive gay characters who conform to stereotype. However, this really doesn't do justice to the essential aspects of the film; it puts a solid message across and has a lot of fun doing so. The plot isn't up to much, being chopped into a multitude of separate routines, but many of these sketches are acutely amusing and subversively perceptive. Throwing in a bunch of easy-going characters, and some great almost-cameos, helps matters a great deal, particularly when Patrick Stewart is on-screen. He may be playing a well-worn role but he approaches it with such verve and panache that it's fun all over again. There have been better gay movies in the past, and there are more to come, but Jeffrey is a fine piece of no-effort pleasure that's here right now. Besides, the central theme, that a life lived in fear is no life at all, is relevant to all and well worth heeding.

