PROUDLY PRESENTS

                 Twisted.Lemon.SideKick.VST.v4.3.2.Incl.Keygen 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : RC4+MD5+SERIAL+KEYFiLE      
                            SIZE ......: 01 * 1,44MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.twistedlemon.nl 

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   SideKick4 
   ---------
          
   VST Compressor with build-in side-chain 
             
   Creating  a side-chaining  effect in  most VST  sequencers can  be quite  a 
   hassle or is not  even possible. The purpose  of SideKick4 is to  make this 
   process possible and a lot easier. You  will be able to make a stereo  side 
   -chaining setup just by loading two instances of the VST plugin on 2 stereo 
   tracks in your VST host, and linking them together by selecting one of  the 
   thirty-two build-in virtual buses.  
             
   You will be able to make  a stereo side-chaining setup just by  loading two 
   instances  of the  VST plugin  on 2  stereo tracks  in your  VST host,  and 
   linking them together by selecting  one of the thirty-two build-in  virtual 
   buses.    
             
             
             
   Features  
   --------
          
   32 stereo virtual buses for internal side-chain routing. 
             
   Input and/or output  filtering, select a  frequency bandwidth to  apply the 
   compression on. 
             
   Stereo (un)linking, for expressive stereo ducking & keying effects. 
             
   Switch between 'keying' and 'ducking' (inverting the compression effect). 
             
   Multiple audio input and output meters  to make a side-chain setup as  easy 
   as possible. 
             
   Sidechain gain & Threshold control. 
             
   Compression ratio, attack & release control. (up to 2000 ms) 
             
   Drive control, with soft  saturation to 'fatten up'  your sound. (up to  12 
   dB)       


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Use our keygen to create a keyfile for your 
                     name and place it into same directory where 
                     the dll is located. Now copy the serial from  
                     Keygen and load the plugin. 
                            
                     Doubleclick below your desired username and 
                     paste the serialnumber 
                            
                  3) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009  

    .text:10010FA2 push  offset szCryptKey ; "SideKick4 is worth buying"