Bushido Blade 1 & 2 for the Ps1                                    Rel. 1997 & 1998



Format:        CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         CCD/SUB/IMG, CUE/BIN
Genre.:        Fighting 3D
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps1 or Ps2, Breaker Pro Boot CD, 
               Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip (Allows playing of backups) 
               or Psx Emulator. (You only need one of these methods).


Compressed with 7Zip, Both games were tested and work.


Note: No Ps1 Backup/Game or copy will work unless you have a modded Ps1/Ps2, or if 
      you use a bootdisc like Breaker Pro. You can also use a Game Enchancer/Built-
      in Mod-Chip which does the same as Breaker Pro expect you have to have any 
      original ps1 game loaded first (loads the boot code) then you swap in 
      your backup & start the game. 



Bushido Blade Description:

The Bushido code of honor governs the actions of the Samurai and sets a code of ethics for use in fighting. Sometime in the 20th century, a group of Narukagami ninja, each proficient in a different style, find themselves in a battle to regain their honor in the fighting ring.

Bushido Blade is a unique fighting game, in that Square did away with health bars, special meters, and other traditional gimmicks and allowed for battles to be won with a single hit. This realism made the game a fan favorite among certain groups. 

Players select from among six ninja, each of a different fighting style and attributes. Players also choose equipment from among eight weapons, including Japanese swords, European blades, naginata and a sledgehammer. 

Battles take place in wide open areas in which combatants can run around as well as climb up and down. Some structures, like bamboo trees, can even be cut down. In the single player game, players can even run through the entire castle, picking a preferred fighting ground location. In addition to the single player story mode, there's a versus mode, a slash mode where you will be attacked by 100 generic ninja in one long corridor, a training, and a 'POV' mode, which allows players to play from first person, heightening the realism. The game's versus mode can also be played using two Playstations linked up.

Gameplay involves picking one of three stances, then attacking high, middle, or low. Directions while attacking change attacks, and attacks can be combo'd. Player damage is location based, with hits to arms often making them useless, hits to legs crippling, and hits to heads and clean across the torso being mortal. The use of stances and the easily achieved one hit kills make Bushido Blade one of the most deadly, and therefore realistic, weapon fighters around. 


Bushido Blade 2 Description:

Two samurai families who date back over eight hundred years have been feuding ever since the Gempei War, where the Kagami family sided with the Minamoto and ensured themselves a victory over their rivals, the Sue. Over the centuries since, the two families evolved into ninja clans, but their hatred of each other never faded. Now, in the 20th century, the Shainto, descendants of the Sue, are in a position to bring vengeance on the Narukagami. 

Bushido Blade 2 takes place sometime after the events in the original game and is also a weapon fighting game without health bars, power displays, or over-the-top special maneuvers. The game features the Story Mode, Versus Mode and Slash mode present in the original game as well as a new tournament mode, where the two sides face each other with shinai and other bamboo weapons in a kendo like ring. Fighters have different styles (including some with two sword nito and iaijutsu styles) and there are many weapons to choose from (although the hammer has been replaced with the yari spear). The controls have changed somewhat, but stances are still in the game, as are one-hit kills if blows strike a sensitive part of the body.

Initially players can choose from six warriors, three from each clan. As progress is made in the story mode, supporting characters will be encountered. If beaten, those characters will become available for play in the game's other modes. 



Game Pics Included.


Burn With Alcohol 120% (Included in Download).

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.


(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or Questions Please Post a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!				