Shaykh Khalid Yasin, a former Christian, is executive Director of the Islamic Teaching Institute (ITI) : a premier Organisation dedicated to the work of Da’wah (conveying the message ) , he has studied the Arabic language in Madinah.  [He] has had many mentors and teachers who tutored him in Fiqh us-sunnah , fiqh us-serah , islamic history and memorization and recitation of the holy Qur’an . in the past ten years the iti has delivered more than 5000 persons to islam and additional 1476 since the september 11 Attacks . Shaykh Khalid Yasin delivered a lecture in saudi Arabia in 1994 titled ” the purpose of life ” whitch resulted 43 persons accepting Islam on that very night . khalid Yasin Constantly tours the world delivering lectures aimed at removing distortions about islam and muslims conducting Da’wah Training courses . and providing new muslims with a specially designed Islamic Training program . Khalid Yasin is committed to raising the consciousness of the Muslims to fulfil the responsibility of Da’wah and establishment of Islamic revival.

Sheikh Khalid Yasen is what is known as a da'ee, this basically means a person who speaks publicly about the Islamic faith in order to invigorate the spiritual and moral conscience of listeners, or to educate and inform people about the Islamic faith.

Shaykh Khalid Yasin has spent the majority of his life travelling through out the world delivering lectures on the various issues and aspects of Islam.

His lectures can be downloaded in our MultiMedia Center
His articles can be read in  Islamic Articles Database
Want to talk to/ask questions to Shaykh Khalid Yasin & Purchase Full DVDs ?

Visit His Website : 
http://www.challengeyoursoul.com



this torrent contain the following DVD /

1- The Purpose of Life 1,2,3

2- What is true success in life

3- Strangers

4- Our beginning our end

5- What do you really know about Islam ?

6- The Character Of A Muslim

7- Brotherhood in Islam

8- Dawah Technique Course

9- From the Root to the Fruit 

10- Critical Issues Facing Muslim Women 

11- Islam Vs Terrorism

12- Islam and the Media

13- Some Advice to the Muslim Women

//\

there is more .. //


Mary the Mother of..

Islam, The Treasure Uncovered ..

Islam And America, Conflict Or Compatible? What do these two words have in common? .. 

Islam - The Only Solution To World Peace ..

A Window to Islam ..

From The Womb To The Tomb ..

Death...your time is up! ..

Judgement Day ..

Malcolm X ..

and much more


Make sure to cope them @ 
http://multimedia.challengeyoursoul.com/



With Greetings , 

/ i4Team