Band In A Bubble - Regurgitator [the recording of the album Mish Mash!]

In September 2004 Australian band Regurgitator locked themselves away for three weeks inside a glass recording studio in the middle of Federation Square, Melbourne, Australia for an event called Band In A Bubble.

Curtis developed the idea in 1999 as more of an art orientated recording project conceptually stimulated by biospheres, the idiosyncratic way Regurgitator recorded albums in odd scenarios, and the idea of the insular artistic recording process juxtaposed against the extroverted performer and how that might impact on the creative mindset. After Curtis pitched the concept to the Australian band he managed, Regurgitator, he failed to convince the band about the merits of such an idea, and it was set aside for a number of years. Quan Yeomans, the band's guitarist, noted that he became more open to the idea of being in a bubble after seeing David Blaine's magic stunt. Yeomans told The Age, "I happened to be there when David Blaine did his stunt over the Thames, and I just thought, wouldn't it be interesting if he was doing something creative, as opposed to just sitting around doing nothing?"
Regurgitator's Bubble at Federation SquareWith the band's interest now confirmed, Curtis approached a number of television and media outlets, eventually finalising an agreement with Channel V Australia. The first Band in a Bubble was organised in Federation Square in Melbourne, Australia. Regurgitator holed up inside the glass bubble for a period of three weeks, during which they recorded the album Mish Mash!. The staging began on August 31, 2004.
The goings-on inside the bubble could be viewed in several ways. In person, people could watch through the bubble's walls. Cameras positioned inside the bubble offered footage that was displayed on several large LCD screens in Federation Square and broadcast on a dedicated 24-hour digital channel on pay-tv networks Foxtel and Austar on digital channel 802. Channel V also carried a daily half-hour highlight show, hosted by VJ Jabba. After three weeks, the band emerged from the bubble and performed their new songs live to a large audience in Federation Square.
Yeomans' mother Lien, a popular Vietnamese cook and author, prepared food for the band during their stay. The food was delivered to the band through a hatch, which also served as a way for Curtis to communicate with the band. An audio link up was also located on the other side of the bubble so that visiting musicians and fans could talk to the band or record guest spots on the record. Yumi Stynes, another popular Channel V and the partner of Regurgitator's Ben Ely, was a frequent guest and interviewer.
Following the Melbourne event, the Band in a Bubble concept was licensed for development internationally by subsidiaries of Endemol, the television production company responsible for such shows as Big Brother and Deal or No Deal. Plans were soon announced for Band in a Bubbles in the US and Europe.
 
http://image.bayimg.com/oanpgaacf.jpg

[b]BAND IN A BUBBLE[/b] as an evolving convergence spectacle, provided an experiment of levels of interaction - on-ground in the public square; broadcast via a daily 30 minute live Band in a Bubble show on cable music channel Channel [V]; and an ongoing 24 hour broadcast on dedicated 'Bubble TV' Foxtel digital cable channel 802; online with webcam streaming, and weblogs; and secondary to this media interaction with print media, free-to-air TV news and variety shows, live radio crossovers and show hosting from inside the Bubble; and mobile phones used to intergrate communication and competitions (ie album cover art, lyrics), sending images to the websites, video streaming; along with anything else technology and media offer up. 
The basic premise is to transform what is essentially an introverted, artistic process (recording an album in an insular recording studio) into a extroverted, performative scenario in a very open recording/living space accessible to the public on a variety of levels that not only challenges the musicians creative mindset (the artist vs performer) but also locates them in a strange state of exposure per the day to day living through this process. 21 days was considered the most appropriate period of time combining interest in what they were doing, actually record an album and create a challenge in being able to achieve this, replicating the music industry process in a public and rapid microcosm. 

People were witness to a mixture of the everyday banality juxtaposed against the weirdness of living in a trapped environment, and the artistic connections (and disconnections) that not only happened inside but through the exterior booth set up for recording street performers, additional musicians and sounds, along with any passersby who communicated through the intercom/recording mic setup... and whatever else spontaneously arose. They slept and ate inside the glass bubble in full view and the enclosure at the back had a fridge and toilet/shower facility. The event culminated in a free live performance on the stage in the square when they emerged on the 21st day. 

During their time in the bubble, Regurgitator recorded the album Mishmash, shot a video for first single The Drop released on their release, and experienced one of the most bizarre times of their lives. TV host Jabba smashed up some music equipment, went stir crazy, escaped after a break in by some over zealous fans, smashed a laptop, and suffered the slings and arrows of non-stop exposure. 

With so much interest in revelatory seeing-as-it-happens type shows... the literal rolling off the conveyor belt of expose docu-soaps and reality shows exposing the machinations of various facets of culture... the time was ripe for an 'actual creative process to be experimented with in such a public scenario. Developed from an idea presented in 1999 by Regurgitator's manager Paul Curtis (Valve Records), whereby a fishbowl-type glass studio was proposed for a public location (Queen St Mall, Brisbane) so that the band could record inside unhindered yet in complete view of the public gaze. Their manager proposed the idea as a rather extreme and twisted variation of the idiosyncratic approach the band took to recording. Previous projects included: going to Bangkok to work in a rural studio owned by a political rebel Thai popstar; setting up a studio in an condemned inner Brisbane warehouse; and hiring a beach house to set up a recording studio in amazing Watego Bay in northern NSW. Unfortunately neither this suggestion nor the idea of hiring the Soviet space station Mir to record in, were considered feasible or of interest, labeled as the insane ramblings of a confused individual. In late 2003, Quan (while based in London) witnessed David Blaine suspended in a perspex box over the Thames, and feeling inspired by this extreme display saw rationale to consider the idea again. Thus the band agreed to be locked into a specially constructed bubble environment situated in the heart of Federation Square in Melbourne for 3 weeks to record an album. In this short time they would assemble the album recording and then release it to the suspecting public as soon as possible. Not dissimilar to the approach that they had taken on previous outings... just a little more sinister in what was at work on their trapped feverish minds. They would create, eat, live, and sleep in the space with no exit. The sleeping arrangements would comprise of a mouse type boxes to scurry away to at night, and food would be delivered in the standard penitentiary manner. Toilet and shower facilities made available to maintain the necessary degree of hygiene that permits a mixed bag of creative humans in a confined space to live without too much physical impact on each other. 

Quan, Ben and Peter would be accompanied by their producer Magoo and engineer Hugh, and TV host Jabba... to suffer the pleasure of their company for all to see. Seeing would be believing... involving the public accessibility of being in an open space, a 24 hour visual mediation (including the introspection of sleep) by cable television and other portals into their domain including the Internet. The space would be miced-up to record communications and incidental sound, a series of cameras installed to capture the action that would be telecast/webcast; as well as internet access inside the room for communication and interactivity per webchats and blogs. 

This would be a no holds barred race to meet the recording deadline and involve all the normal drama that will be naturally inflated by the pressure of being in full public view, with an overtly fixed timeframe, no escape (ie locked in, so many distractions) and the addition of a scenario to confuse and compound. What the bubble represents is more than an attempt to approach music promotion in a novel manner, but also an attempt at social experimentation as the sheer banality of an actual creative process is tweaked to a bizarre level in a virtual mirror of the perceived reality format. 

The revelation of a normal process in an abnormal fashion. 


Audio: Dolby Digital 5.1 
Aspect Ratio: 4:3 [720x544]
Video Encoding: Xvid
Audio Encoding: MP3 128kbps 
Category: Music / Reality TV
Format: PAL DVD rip 
Year: 2004
Rating: M15+ 
Languages: English
Subtitles: None
Running Time: 3hrs 30mins

Torrent also includes the final produced album - Mish Mash!

 
http://image.bayimg.com/oanpiaacf.jpg

The Drop

Drop it now
Can you drop it now and watch the crowd go wow!

Step up to the mic and rock it real tight
Always full cream but never skim lite
Compresessor, slave to the lick
Once you get to know me I'm a real fuckin' prick
Capitalist, heartless chest
Stand real tall in my bullet proof vest
Robbin' from the poor, givin' to the rich
Rockin' genocide with the microphone, bitch!

I said, I ain't well hung but I'm good with my tongue
I sling slang and get it far flung
If you ain't here for the fling then why'd the hell you come?
Show your fuckin' face and you can listen to the drum
Bam bam bam make it blam blam blam
To the alpha male cause he's the main man
Why I got the mic when I don't know what to do?
Maybe I should pass it on to you but you can kill me

Thank you all for coming getting absolutely fucked
Apologies to anybody sober in the club
I ain't high and I sounds pretty bad
Hope it sounds better on the drugs you had
Rockin' it is kinda like a war for resource
Things will happen quicker if you circumvent the lowest
Put your hands in the air, step away from the mic
First I'll take your vibe then your life motherfuckers

Everybody rock and everybody roll
I ain't gonna stop 'till I'm very very old
You may think that sucks, it could be justified 
Wish I gave a fuck, but I cannot tell a lie
 
http://image.bayimg.com/oanpkaacf.jpg