 http://bayimg.com/LAOdHAAcj

B*A*P*S (1997) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118663/

B*A*P*S is a 1997 comedy film written by Troy Beyer, directed by Robert Townsend, and starring Halle Berry and Martin Landau.

 Halle Berry ...  Nisi 
 Martin Landau ...  Mr. Donald Blakemore 
 Ian Richardson ...  Manley 
 Natalie Desselle ...  Mickey 
 Troy Beyer ...  Tracy Shaw 
 Luigi Amodeo ...  Antonio 
 Jonathan Fried ...  Isaac 
 Pierre Edwards ...  Ali (as Pierre) 
 Anthony Johnson ...  James (as A.J. Johnson) 
 Bernie Mac ...  Mr. Johnson 
 Darrel Heath ...  Terrance 
 Vince Cooke ...  Z.Z. 
 Faizon Love ...  Tiger J 
 Rudy Ray Moore ...  Nate 
 Darrow Igus ...  Bartender 

The reception was overwhelmingly negative.  Roger Ebert called the film jaw-droppingly bad, stupid and offensive.

There are a number of things to like in BAPS, and among them is Natalie Desselle. A former disc jockey and TV actress (Family Matters), Desselle manages to be both adorable and funny, easily stealing acting honors from the more experienced Halle Berry. 

BAPS, an acronym for Black American Princesses, stars Desselle and Berry as Mickey and Nisi, hairdresser/waitresses with big dreams. Fed up with no-account boyfriends and dead-end jobs, they ditch Decatur, Ga., for the promise of Hollywood -- hoping to score dancing jobs in a Heavy D rap video.  The problem is, these girls are bush league by Beverly Hills standards: gold teeth, big hair, gaudy vinyl outfits and clawlike press-on nails. Instead of scoring the Heavy D gig, they get hired to cheer up a lonely millionaire played by Martin Landau. 

It's a fish-out-of-water tale, and part of the fun of BAPS is watching these small-town girls react to the oversize theatrical splendor of Beverly Hills. Spotting rapper LL Cool J at the airport, they shriek Oh, my God! like Lucy and Ethel in an I Love Lucy episode. 

If you want a lesson in acting, watch Martin Landau play Blakemore. He could easily have walked through this movie and grabbed his check. But he chose to summon all the care, thoughtfulness and imagination he would given to playing Lear. 

Landau, who was so good in Tucker, Crimes and Misdemeanors and Ed Wood, is also a renowned acting teacher whom Jack Nicholson credits with making him what he is today. The pleasure for us is that the man who can teach and do is always fascinating to watch. We get to see a creative mind at work. 

Landau's physical control is amazing. Yes, he is a great line reader, but he is even better at expressing the unspoken. You often get the feeling that hes showing off a little when he brings a tear to his eye or raises an eyebrow just so. But this stuff is child's play for him. He's the actorly equivalent of a skilled ballet dancer, the master of isolating the center of his emotions and working from that one place, while every other part of him remains still. 

