ADOBE FIREWORKS CS5 TRAINING MANUAL

(.EXE is a self extracting rar file as this has exercise files contained)

Adobe Fireworks CS5 - Classroom in a Book

Those creative professionals seeking the fastest, easiest, most comprehensive way to learn Adobe Fireworks CS5 choose Adobe Fireworks CS5
Classroom in a Book from the Adobe Creative Team at Adobe Press. The 13 project-based lessons in this book show readers step-by-step the key techniques for working in Fireworks CS5. Readers will learn what they need to know to collaborate with other Adobe Creative Suite applications to design and mock up basic Web pages or interfaces for rich Internet applications. In addition readers will learn how to demo a design live for a client, export the design as an interactive PDF, and export complete Web page designs as Web standards-compliant CSS-based layouts, or as PDF. This revised CS5 edition covers enhanced pixel precision; new workflows between Fireworks and Flash Catalyst; working with the new Document template feature; importing, sharing, and creating Adobe Swatch Exchange files; and more. The companion DVD includes lesson files so readers can work along with the book.

The Classroom in a Book series is by far the best training material on the market. Everything you need to master the software is included: clear explanations of each lesson, step-by-step instructions, and the project files for the students. Barbara Binder, Adobe Certified Instructor, Rocky Mountain Training

Classroom in a Book, the best-selling series of hands-on software training workbooks, helps you learn the features of Adobe software quickly and easily. Classroom in a Book offers what no other book or training program does—an official training series from Adobe Systems Incorporated, developed with the support of Adobe product experts.

You can use the free acrobat reader to view this or;

Adobe Acrobat X Pro; 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5961888

Adobe Acrobat 9 Pro;          
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5628228

Adobe Acrobat 9 Pro Extended;          
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5130222

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ADOBE FIREWORKS CS5; 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5526133

