The Internet: The Missing Manual
By J.D. Biersdorfer and David Pogue
Publisher:O'Reilly Media / Pogue Press
Released:July 2006
Pages:464 

The Internet is almost synonymous with change--that's one of its charms, and one of its headaches. You may think you know the Internet, but are you really up to speed on internet telephones, movie and TV downloading, blogging, gaming, online banking, dating, and photosharing?


::This utterly current book covers::

Getting Online. Readers will have all the information they need to decide what kind of broadband connection works best for them, which browser they should use, and what kind of spyware-fighting and virus-and spam-protection measures they need to protect themselves.

Finding Information. Google may be the leading search site, but it's certainly not the only game in town. This book introduces a diverse and useful collection of sites that help uncover everything from health care information, to shopping, travel and finance, to dependable reviews and ratings.

Movies, music, and photos. The Web's teeming with entertainment--and not just the sort of postage-stamp sized videos that only a geek could love. Learn where to download movies, watch TV online, listen to music, play games, and post and share photos with friends.

Keeping in touch. Email's only the beginning. This book introduces readers to the many tools that make the modern Internet such a great way to stay connected. From Web-based discussion groups to instant messaging programs, and from blogs and podcasts to Internet-based phone calls, this book will help you join the conversation.

Ideal for anyone just venturing into cyberspace, this book is also perfect for more experienced users who could use an update to today's most exciting internet applications.

Table of Contents [List of Chapters]
Chapter 1 : Getting Online 
Chapter 2 : Surfing the Web 
Chapter 3 : How to Search the Web 
Chapter 4 : Searching by Information Type 
Chapter 5 : News and Blogs 
Chapter 6 : Reviews and Ratings 
Chapter 7 : Shopping 
Chapter 8 : Planning Trips 
Chapter 9 : Finance 
Chapter 10 : Games and Gambling 
Chapter 11 : Music and Audio 
Chapter 12 : Videos, Movies, and TV 
Chapter 13 : Photos 
Chapter 14 : Email 
Chapter 15 : Instant Messages and Chat 
Chapter 16 : Discussion Groups 
Chapter 17 : Social Networking 
Chapter 18 : Skype & VoIP: Internet Phones 
Chapter 19 : Your Own Blogs, Web Sites, and Podcasts 
Chapter 20 : Living on the Web 
Chapter 21 : Staying Safe 

