Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Never" is the name of a song recorded by rock band Heart. It was released as the second single from the band's self-titled 1985 album Heart. The song is an aggressive rock number with an uplifting lyric to a person who has been discouraged by love. Like their previous single "What About Love", the music video for "Never" was placed in heavy rotation on MTV.

"Never" became Heart's biggest U.S. hit at the time, peaking at number four on the Billboard Hot 100. It marked the first time that Heart earned two consecutive top-ten hits, and also the first time a Heart album generated two top-ten singles.

The songs harmonic chorus highlights not only Ann Wilson's powerhouse vocal talent but also the vocal stamina of sister Nancy, who maintains a soprano harmony throughout the course of the song. This track was covered by Mandisa during the fifth season of American Idol."Never" appeared as a selectable song on an episode of Don't Forget the Lyrics.

Heart is the self-titled eighth studio album, but ninth album overall, released by Heart. Released in 1985, the album completed the band's transition into a pop group, a genre that yielded the band its greatest success by far, marking the band's Capitol Records debut, and it spent 92 weeks on the U.S. Billboard 200 and became the only album of the band's to hit number one. Sales reached quintuple platinum, after a previous lull. It also yielded the first number-one single for the band: "These Dreams". There were also four other hit singles on the album: "If Looks Could Kill", "What About Love", "Never", and "Nothin' at All". The latter three also made the U.S. top ten.

Heart is a rock band whose founding members came from Seattle, Washington, USA in the early 1970s. Going through several lineup changes, the only constant members of the group are sisters Ann and Nancy Wilson. The group rose to fame in the 1970s with their music being influenced by hard rock as well as folk music. After diminishing in popularity for a couple of years in the early 80s, the band enjoyed a massive comeback  in 1985, experiencing further successes with their power ballads and pop hits throughout the rest of that decade and into the 90s.

Over their four decade career, Heart has had chart successes with a wide variety of musical styles, ranging from hard rock and metal (Barracuda, If Looks Could Kill, Black on Black II), to folk rock (Dreamboat Annie, Love Alive, Dog and Butterfly), to power ballads (Alone, These Dreams, What About Love). With both Jupiter's Darling in 2004 and their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010, Heart made a return to their hard rock/acoustic roots of the late 70s.

To date, Heart has sold over 35 million albums worldwide.

Heart was ranked #57 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/