Dave Brubeck Quartet - Jazz: Red, Hot And Cool 
Copyright: Originally Recorded 1955, Originally Released 1955 (P) 2001 Sony Music Entertainment Inc.
Original CD Release Date: April 10, 2001 
Label: Columbia/Legacy 
Quality: flac

The Dave Brubeck Quartet was a jazz quartet, founded in 1951 by Dave Brubeck and featuring Paul Desmond on saxophone and Brubeck on piano.  They took up a long residency at San Francisco's Blackhawk nightclub and gained great popularity touring college campuses, releasing a series of albums with such titles as Jazz at Oberlin, Jazz Goes to College, and Jazz Goes to Junior College.

By 1958, after a handful of different drummers and bassists, the "Classic Quartet" — so-called because it remained as such virtually consistently until the group dissolved — had been assembled; consisting of Brubeck, Desmond, Joe Morello on drums, and Eugene Wright on bass.  In 1959, the Dave Brubeck Quartet released Time Out, an album their label was enthusiastic about but nonetheless hesitant to release.  The album contained all original compositions, almost none of which were in common time.  Nonetheless, on the strength of these unusual time signatures ( the album included "Take Five", "Blue Rondo à la Turk", and "Pick Up Sticks" ), it quickly went platinum.  The quartet followed up its success with several more albums in the same vein, including Time Further Out (1961), Countdown: Time in Outer Space, Time Changes, and Time In.  These albums were also known for using contemporary paintings as cover art, featuring the work of Neil Fujita on Time Out, Joan Miró on Time Further Out, Franz Kline on Time in Outer Space, and Sam Francis on Time Changes.  No artist work, however, was featured on the cover of Time In.  A high point for the group was their classic 1963 live album At Carnegie Hall, described by critic Richard Palmer as "arguably Dave Brubeck's greatest concert".

The Dave Brubeck Quartet broke up in 1967, except for a 25th anniversary reunion in 1976.

I've been waiting for this to be finally issued on CD after going through two vinyl copies (first being my grandfathers original version from 1955).  Parts of this album have been issued before as four tracks on "Interchanges '54" ( Sometimes I'm Happy, The Duke, Indiana, and Love Walked In ) and "Lover" was issued on a Japanese compilation.  Nothing compares to the entire work being on one CD ( or record ).  The CD also has the advantage of having two additional tracks "Taking A Chance On Love" and "Closing Time Blues" added on at the end of where the record ended to make a fuller CD. This live performance is incredibly warm as the other reviewers have pointed out. It was recorded in a small NYC club and is very intimate.  The intimacy is what makes this such a warm recording.  It is a real shame that this album is an such undiscovered treasure by most of the people who are familiar with Dave Brubeck's music and finally issued by the record company. ~ J. C. M. Bannerman

Dave Brubeck Quartet - Jazz: Red, Hot And Cool Tracks:
01  Lover 
02  Little Girl Blue 
03  Fare Thee Well, Annabelle 
04  Sometimes I'm Happy 
05  The Duke (Live) 
06  Indiana 
07  Love Walked In 
08  Taking A Chance On Love 
09  Closing Time Blues