File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:09:27

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2332 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.35 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Big Girls Don't Cry" is a song written by Fergie and Toby Gad for pop singer Fergie's debut solo album The Dutchess (2006). The song was released as the album's fourth single in 2007 and topped the charts in several countries, most notably in Australia (for nine consecutive weeks—also becoming the number-one single in the ARIA's Year End Charts for 2007), and in the United States. It was the most downloaded track in the U.S., with sales of more than 3,080,000 copies sold. In July 2007, Fergie performed the song at the Concert for Diana and Live Earth. By the end of August 2007, the song became Fergie's third number one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was nominated in the 'Best Female Pop Vocal Performance' category at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards, which was held February 10, 2008. The song appears in Dance Dance Revolution X, Singstar Pop Vol 2, and Karaoke Revolution Presents American Idol Encore 2.

The song was listed at #89 on Billboard: All-Time Hot 100 Top Songs and the 13th most successful song of the decade at the end of 2009 on the Billboard Hot 100 Songs of the Decade. It was also named the 8th most successful pop song of the decade (Mainstream Top 40).

The music video was directed by Anthony Mandler and began production on March 30, 2007. The video had a 'First Look' on MTV's TRL on May 16, 2007 and has since peaked at #5 on May 24, 2007. The video topped Vh1's Top 40 Videos of 2007 list. Milo Ventimiglia plays Fergie's love interest.

The video begins with Fergie getting out of her car (a red 1969 Mustang fastback) and going inside a warehouse where she meets her band and practices. Meanwhile, she is seen singing next to her boyfriend (Milo Ventimiglia), who is sleeping. She starts walking through the house, and is then watching herself and her boyfriend from a different point of view getting out of her car. They go into the house, and her boyfriend gets out a guitar and starts playing, while Fergie is singing. Later on, she sees her boyfriend out the window with several guys, one of whom passes him a small package, which is presumably drugs, and it upsets her. Fergie then starts singing the chorus while she is taking her clothes off a clothes line and putting them into a suitcase. As the third verse begins, Fergie is walking around a warehouse singing while wearing a tan-gray baby doll dress. At the end of the song, she is seen getting into her car and driving down the road.

There are two music videos: the main version features the garage scene mixed with the others; the extended, in which the song is performed twice, the first time it was sang features all the scenes, excluding the garage scenes, the second time it only features unseen garage scenes and the normal garage sensual scenes.

After "Big Girls Don't Cry" was written, Fergie and her management felt that the song did not fit the theme of her album and decided not to record it. However, her management felt that the song was too strong to let go, so they decided to shop the song around to different record labels. Eventually, the song was sold to Bad Boy Records, where it was handed to Jordan McCoy. McCoy's team felt they had a huge hit on their hands and quickly recorded the song, assuring Fergie and her management that they were going to release it as a single.

However, according to McCoy, after Fergie heard their finished version, she had a change of heart and recorded the song as well. Without the knowledge of Bad Boy Records, Fergie went ahead and tagged it on to her album at the last minute. Jordan and her team were upset by Fergie's decision, scrapped the entire project and considered suing Fergie. However, because Fergie co-wrote the song, she had partial ownership and they could not sue her.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/