This is a story about two cancer salves.  One makes cancers worse, and can even kill. Yet it is legal.  The other has been curing cancer for 2000 years, yet it is illegal, denounced by BIG PHARMA, BIG GOVERNMENT and BIG MEDICINE. Why?  So they can hang on to their obscene profits.  

The information in this DVD could save your life. It could save the lives of countless others as well.

Wouldn't it be wonderful to live in a truly free, harmonious society -- in which we all have abundant, safe, natural products, and medical advice we can trust implicitly?  Unfortunately, this isn't possible, because our planet has become dominated by evil multinational corporations that have stealthily gained control of governments and media, and have thoroughly corrupted our medical system.

These purveyors of sickness and death have remained unexposed, because history's legendary "crusading journalists" -- who once courageously defied establishment wealth and power -- are a thing of the past. Freedom of the (mainstream) press, in the 21st century, belongs only to those who own one. The Internet is now the only medium capable of disseminating truth.  This is why we have spent the past five years making a feature-length DVD: ONE ANSWER TO CANCER.

ONE ANSWER TO CANCER is about two cancer salves.  One, known as Aldara, doesn't cure, and has even killed.  Yet, it is still legally and enthusiastically prescribed by doctors, and even subsidized by our tax dollars.  Aldara nearly killed Elaine Hollingsworth, after she put a small amount on a tiny skin cancer.  She has never recovered, nor have thousands of other victims.  This is an unspeakable crime.

The corrupt physicians who have prescribed Aldara for financial gain, and the multinational, 3M, who released and promoted it (while knowing it can kill), must be stopped before millions are maimed and die. ONE ANSWER TO CANCER names names, and pulls no punches. 

The other cancer salve is safe and effective, and has never harmed anyone, in thousands of years of use.  Yet it is illegal, and is suppressed by governments.  Why?  You know the reason: Big Pharma will lose billions in revenue when the power and safety of the salve becomes widely known. 

ONE ANSWER TO CANCER  is packed full of amazing testimonials by people who have reclaimed their health.  They have eliminated invasive breast cancers, deadly Ewing's Sarcoma, terminal thyroid cancer, bowel cancer and an array of skin cancers, even large melanomas. In their interviews men and woman describe exactly how they used this natural salve, and have even generously included startling before and after photos.

The best news of all: ONE ANSWER TO CANCER will show you precisely how to make this life-saving natural salve for yourself and your loved ones, so you can escape the sickness industry.

Big Government, Big Pharma and Big Medicine will hate ONE ANSWER TO CANCER, but we've done it anyway.  They would love to stop us, but they can't.  At least, not yet. 

If you like this order your copy from: 
  
http://www.oneanswertocancermovie.com/