Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"I'm Glad" is the third single from Jennifer Lopez's third studio album, This Is Me... Then (2002). Released in 2003, it did not follow the success of her previous two singles, peaking at number thirty-two on the Billboard Hot 100, though its remixes by Paul Oakenfold, Ford, and Murk became club hits in the United States, propelling the song to number four on the Hot Dance Club Play. The song samples Schoolly D's 1986 song "P.S.K. What Does It Mean?".

The music video was directed by David LaChapelle. The choreography by Jeffrey Hornaday was adapted from his work for the 1983 film Flashdance starring Jennifer Beals, whose character, Alexandra Owens, is also a construction worker by day and an exotic dancer at night. Lopez wore an outfit similar to that Beals wore in the actual film and she also stated that this was one of her most complicated videos and that a lot of effort was put in it. The video received four nominations at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards: Best Female Video, Best Dance Video, Best Choreography, and Best Art Direction.

The recreation of scenes from Flashdance led Maureen Marder—whose life was the inspiration for the storyline of the film—to sue Lopez, Sony Corporation, and Paramount Pictures for copyright infringement in November 2003, claiming the video was an unauthorized depiction of her life story. The lawsuit was dismissed in June 2006.

This Is Me... Then is the third full-length English studio album (fourth overall) by American singer Jennifer Lopez, released on November 19, 2002 by Epic Records. The album debuted at number two on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling 314,000 copies during its first week, remaining in the top twenty for twelve weeks and on the chart for thirty-seven weeks. It has sold 2.5 million copies in the United States and over six million copies worldwide.

The album spawned four singles: the old school hip hop-influenced "Jenny from the Block" (featuring Styles P and Jadakiss), the Billboard Hot 100 chart-topper "All I Have" (featuring LL Cool J), and the soul-tinged tracks "I'm Glad" and "Baby I Love U!". Lopez's cover version of Carly Simon's 1978 song "You Belong to Me" was released in Brazil, where it appeared on the soundtrack to the telenovela Mulheres Apaixonadas, whereas "The One" was released to radio stations in Europe—charting at number forty-one on the Romanian Top 100 in mid-May 2003—and Brazil.

The track "Dear Ben" was in reference to her then-fiance, actor Ben Affleck.

Jennifer Lynn Lopez (born July 24, 1969), often nicknamed J.Lo, is an American actress, singer, record producer, dancer, television personality, fashion designer and television producer. She is the richest person of Latin American descent in Hollywood according to Forbes, and the most influential Hispanic entertainer in the U.S. according to People en Español's list of "100 Most Influential Hispanics". She parlayed her media fame into a fashion line and various perfumes with herendorsement. Outside of her work in the entertainment industry, Lopez advocates human rights, vaccinations and is a supporter of Children's Hospital Los Angeles.

Lopez began her career as a dancer on the television comedy program In Living Color. She subsequently ventured into acting and gained recognition in the 1995 action-thriller Money Train. Lopez's first leading role was in the biographical film Selena (1997), in which she earned an ALMA Award for Outstanding Actress. She earned her second ALMA Award for her performance in the 1998 film Out of Sight. She then starred in the romantic comedies such as The Wedding Planner (2001) and Maid in Manhattan (2002). Lopez had bigger commercial successes with Shall We Dance? (2004) and Monster-in-Law (2005).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/