SE AS LEGENDAS NÃO APARECEREM, INSTALA ISTO:  
http://www.codecguide.com/download_k-lite_codec_pack_basic.htm


Saw II: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5287570


Two men wake up at opposite sides of a dirty, disused bathroom, chained by their ankles to pipes. Between them lies a dead man loosely clutching a hand-held tape player and a handgun. Each finds a tape the perfect fit for the player in their back pocket. They play the tapes. One is threatened, the other isn't. But they have a task: One must kill the other by 6:00, or his wife and daughter will die. They find hacksaws in a toilet, and try to cut the chains, but it doesn't work. They are the two newest victims of the Jigsaw Killer. In a flashback, we learn of Amanda, a girl who falls victim to the Jigsaw Killer. On her head is a mask, which is hooked into her lower jaw. There is a timer on it. Only one key will unlock it, and that key is in the digestive tract of her cell mate who lies paralyzed on the opposite side of the room. If she doesn't unlock the mask in time, her lower jaw will be ripped wide open. She survives, but her cell mate doesn't. Through a series of flashbacks, we learn of more victims, and of the nearly-successful capture of the Jigsaw Killer, who doesn't actually kill his victims. Instead, he finds ways to make them kill either themselves, or each other, and he thinks the entire 'game' out perfectly, with no other ways out. Or so it would seem.


Adam (Leigh Whannell) recupera a consciência somente para se aperceber que está acorrentado a um cano enferrujado de uma casa-de-banho imunda e abandonada. Mas não está só. Do outro lado da divisão, também acorrentado, encontra-se Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) e, entre os dois, jaz um homem coberto no seu próprio sangue... Numa corrida contra o tempo, cabe agora a Adam e Gordon tentar juntar as pistas deixadas para trás, a fim de descobrirem como foram ali parar e, mais importante, como poderão escapar.
'Saw - Enigma Mortal' é um arrepiante e perturbador policial que nos transporta até ao interior da mente psicótica de um génio criminoso que cria cenários diabólicos concebidos para ensinar às suas vítimas o valor da vida.




 Saw.avi
697 MB

1:39:06
608x336
123 Kb/s
25fps
Audio-123 Kb/s

 Saw.srt
61,5 Kb