Rockin' Atomic

I wish I could tell you something about this compilation of R 'n' B and R 'n' R standards and unheard-of rarities. I suspect it's an old German release (I found it on a German Rythm 'n' Blues blog). Sadly, I can't. I've searched the web and there is no mention of this record at all.  

Filled with terrific things like Tye Tongue Hanley doing "You Got My Nose Wide Open" and the wonderful Helen Humes doing "Woojamacooja", the charming Honey Brown doing "Rockin' and Jumpin'" and The Killer himself in top form doing "Lewis Boogie". Jack Turner gives "Hound Dog" the Bob Wills and The Texas Playboys meet Nashville treatment and it sounds great. Howlin' Wolf's "All Night Boogie" is a predatory juke-joint classic. Jimmie Logsdon doing "I Wanna Be Mama'd" is a great Hank Williams meets Bill Monroe toe-tapper. 


Little Sylvia doing "Drive, Daddy, Drive" is pure sex on wheels. Muddy Waters doing "Muddy Jumps One" is a classic guitar-boogie instrumental that sounds like it was recorded in someone's kitchen (and none the worse for that).

Special mention for The Carlisles, whose "T'ain't Nice To Talk Like That" had me grinning like an idiot.


This LP introduced me to the fantasic LaVern Baker and I'll be uploading a 1949-1954 compilation of hers that I found.


I could go on but what's the point? Trust your Uncle @artpepper...there isn't a dud track on this album. A real find. Enjoy.




1. Baby Face Leroy - Red Headed Woman
2. Bob Jaxon – Beach Party
3. Buddy Holly - Peggy Sue (live in 1957)
4. Carl Perkins - Blue Suede Shoes  Your True Love (rare live versions)
5. Chuck Higgins - Eye Ballin'
6. Chuck Higgins - Gamblin' Woman
7. Helen Humes - Woojamacooja
8. Honey Brown - Rockin' And Jumpin'
9. Jack Turner - Hound Dog
10. Howlin' Wolf - All Night Boogie
11. Jerry Lee Lewis - Lewis Boogie
12. Jimmie Logsdon - I Wanna Be Mama'd
13. LaVern Baker - Easy Baby
14. Little Sylvia - Drive, Daddy, Drive
15. Mickey Champion - He's A Mean Man (live in 1952)
16. Muddy Waters - Muddy Jumps One
17. Shirley Gunter - Found Some Good Lovin'
18. Tampa Red - She's Dynamite
19. The Carlisles - T'ain't Nice To Talk Like That
20. Tye Tongue Hanley - You Got My Nose Wide Open

