File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Oh Africa is a song performed by Akon featuring Keri Hilson. The song is a charity single, being released to benefit underprivileged African youth. The song was released as a digital download on 52nd Grammy Awards Night, January 31, 2010, along with the video. The Soweto Gospel Choir and young singers from many countries are also featured on the single. Didier Drogba and Fernando Torres make cameo appearances in the music video.

A music video has been filmed and was released on Grammy night on 31st January 2010. All other details are yet to be revealed. Footballers Thierry Henry, Didier Drogba, Kaká, Fernando Torres, Lionel Messi, Frank Lampard and Andrei Arshavin are featured in the Music Video.

The song is the third song performed by these two artists, the first being "Change Me" featured on Keri's debut album In a Perfect World..., and the non-album track "Mic Check", the latter of which was produced by Timbaland.

Aliaune Badara Akon Thiam, better known by his middle and stage name Akon (pronounced /ˈeɪkɒn/), is a Senegalese-American R&B singer-songwriter, record producer, businessman, and philanthropist. He rose to prominence in 2004 following the release of "Locked Up”, the first single from his debut album Trouble. His second album, Konvicted, earned him a Grammy Award nomination of the single "Smack That". He has since found two record labels, Konvict Muzik and Kon Live Distribution. He is known as one of the most successful and versatile R&B singers of the 21st century, grossing over 30 million dollars a year according to Forbes. Akon often sings hooks for other artists and is currently accredited with over 300 guest appearances and 40 Billboard Hot 100 songs. He is the first solo artist to hold both the number one and two spots simultaneously on the Billboard Hot 100 charts twice. He has had 6 Grammy Awards Nominations and has produced many hits for artist such as Lady Gaga, T-Pain, Leona Lewis.

Keri Lynn Hilson (born December 5, 1982) is a Grammy-nominated American recording artist signed to Zone 4, Mosley Music Group and Interscope Records. She is part of a collective of writers and producers known as The Clutch. Through the early and late 2000s, Hilson wrote songs for multiple rappers and singers, including Britney Spears and Ludacris. In 2007, she guest performed on Timbaland's hits "The Way I Are" and "Scream" and began a solo singing career. Hilson has made cameos in music videos for Usher, Ne-Yo and Nelly, amongst others. Her debut album, In a Perfect World…, was released in early 2009, spawning hit singles "Energy," "Turnin' Me On," "Knock You Down," and "I Like", which was a hit in Germany due to being part of the soundtrack for the movie Zweiohrküken.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

