Corey Holcomb - The Problem Is You (2004)


Corey Holcomb - 01 - Intro
Corey Holcomb - 02 - Opportunity
Corey Holcomb - 03 - Out With Your Girl
Corey Holcomb - 04 - First Date
Corey Holcomb - 05 - Good Women
Corey Holcomb - 06 - K-Mart
Corey Holcomb - 07 - Breaking Up
Corey Holcomb - 08 - Daughter's Birthday
Corey Holcomb - 09 - Dating Tips
Corey Holcomb - 10 - Hidden, Defective Body Parts
Corey Holcomb - 11 - Erection Problems
Corey Holcomb - 12 - Voicemail Champ
Corey Holcomb - 13 - New Marriage Vows
Corey Holcomb - 14 - A Gentleman's Rotation
Corey Holcomb - 15 - Get Yourself A Camera Phone
Corey Holcomb - 16 - Growing Up
Corey Holcomb - 17 - Words For the Ladies
Corey Holcomb - 18 - The Joke That Will Get You Fired From Your Job
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corey_Holcomb


Corey Holcomb is a American stand-up comedian, radio host, and actor. Born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, Holcomb got his start in comedy with the help of another Chicago-area comedian, Godfrey.


Often billing himself as the "ghetto Dr. Phil", most of Holcomb's standup material revolves around relationships, particularly relationships gone wrong. In addition to touring the country, he has appeared as a regular on the stand-up/improv-based television shows Comic View, Def Comedy Jam, Last Comic Standing, and Nick Cannon Presents Wild 'n Out. He has appeared in two comedy specials of his own, Corey Holcomb: The Problem Is You and Comedy Central Presents: Corey Holcomb.


As an actor, Holcomb has appeared as guest star on several sitcoms such as Half & Half and Everybody Hates Chris, as well as minor roles in films such as Like Mike and Dance Flick. Holcomb is a recurring voice actor for the Family Guy spin-off The Cleveland Show, for which he provides the voice of Roberta's ex-husband, and Cleveland's rival, Robert. Holcomb has been a regular personality on Jamie Foxx's satellite radio channel The Foxxhole since 2007. He currently hosts his own program, The Corey Holcomb 5150 Show, on Monday nights on the Foxxhole, live from the Conga Room.