MICHEAL JACKSON THIS IS IT 2009 DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 01:51:18
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Michael Jackson
Kenny Ortega
Orianthi Panagaris

Michael Jackson's This Is It[6] is a 2009 American both documentary and concert film[7] directed by Kenny Ortega that documents Michael Jackson's rehearsals and preparation for the concert series of the same name scheduled to start on July 13, 2009, but canceled due to his death eighteen days prior on June 25. The film is now the highest grossing concert movie and documentary in the history of cinema.[8]

The film consists of Jackson rehearsing musical numbers and directing his team, and additional behind the scenes footage including dancer auditions and costume design. The film's director Kenny Ortega confirmed that none of this footage was originally intended for release, but after Jackson's death it was agreed that the film be made for his fans. Ortega dedicated the film to Jackson's three children. The footage was filmed at both the Staples Center arena and The Forum in Los Angeles, California. Despite originally being set for October 30, the film's release date was rescheduled for October 28, 2009 due to a strong demand by Jackson's fans. The film was given a wide worldwide release and a limited two-week theatrical run from October 28, to November 12, 2009. Tickets went on sale a month early on September 27, 2009, to satisfy a high anticipated demand; to date, the film has broken numerous records via tickets both pre-sale and sales worldwide.

Since the film's confirmation, AEG Live has faced criticism; mostly consisting of claims that they had only made the film to make a profit. Multiple members of Jackson's family had confirmed that they didn't support the film and some family members went as far as to try to stop the film agreement in August. The film has also been surrounded by multiple controversies, including allegations regarding the appearance of body doubles in place of Jackson; which Sony denied, and an outrage from Jackson fans; with some going as far as to start a protest against the film. On August 10, 2009, a judge approved a deal between Jackson's estate, concert promoter AEG Live, and Sony Pictures. The agreement allowed Sony to edit the hundreds of hours of rehearsal footage needed to create the film. Sony subsequently paid $60 million for the film rights.[9]

The trailer premiered during the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards on September 13, 2009, along with the simultaneous launching of the film's official website.[10] The film was released to mainly positive reviews from both critics and Jackson fans; the film's portrayal of Jackson and his performances were generally praised, while criticism mainly consisted of both critics and fans having felt that the film was made just to profit off Jackson's death and that Jackson wouldn't have wanted the film released because he was a "perfectionist". In the film's opening weekend it grossed over $23 million - in the United States alone - making the film number one at the box office[5] and making it the fifth highest-grossing Halloween debut.[8] The film's worldwide revenue gross was in total $252.4 million during its theatrical run making it the highest grossing documentary or concert movie of all time.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1477715/


PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS

screen shots 
http://img200.imageshack.us/img200/7906/michealjacksonthisisit2.jpg