Product Details

* Language: English
* Type: Meditation Music
* Format: FLAC

Product Description

This is a bonus track which come along with the title 'The Photographic Mind Holographic Memory System By Dane Spotts'

Use this track to alter mind state and coax the brain into an alpha-theta pattern of deep meditative awareness and whole brain synchrony... unfolding higher states of consciousness.

By sound phasing certain frequencies and harmonics and delivering them spatially into the brain it was discovered that you could alter one’s mind-state and unfold a deep meditative awareness similar to that achieved by Zen Monks and firewalking yogis. Just training your brain to enter into these dream-like altered states can have enormous benefits. Users have reported reduced stress, enhanced creativity, peak experiences and feelings of psychological well-being. Even out of body experiences.

   Just as certain forms of music can affect your mood, it seems that sound frequencies played in the right combinations stimulate deep relaxation and open the mind up to all sorts of incredible possibilities. The effect is subsonic, so you don’t actually hear it...but you sure feel it. What you do hear are the sounds of an underground stream, special tones, and what seems like the voices of angels. It’s weird, but it actually feels like angels are flying around inside your skull.

   This 3-D effect is created because the sounds are delivered spatially, and processed in your mind like an audio hologram. I don’t profess to know exactly how music and sound affects the mind (no one really does), but I do know how it feels. When you finish a session, your entire body becomes charged with a new energy. You feel renewed...more aware and mentally like soaring with eagles. It’s that experience I want to share with you.

BUT WAIT! Before I go any further with my special offer, there is something I must tell you. This technology is still experimental. And like most new ideas with profound implications it’s controversial. 

   And there’s something else too. Something you should be cautioned about right now. If you’re susceptible to seizures or are undergoing psychiatric treatment, you probably should not be experimenting with this stuff. I’m serious. These are powerful industrial strength mind tools, designed for experimental use (for “Mind Warrior” types) who want to explore their hidden potential. Over 500,000 recordings utilizing this technology have been distributed world-wide, and many users (like me) have experienced dramatic effects from using it every day...but everyone responds differently. The only way to know for sure how it will affect you is to experience it yourself...firsthand.

   And that’s the thrust of my offer...to have you plug your mind into the Brain Supercharger technology (on a risk free basis of course) and let you be the judge. Then you’ll understand why this technology is so powerful.