Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles and is the 2006 version.


"Would You Love a Monsterman?" is a song recorded by Finnish heavy metal band Lordi which reached number one on the charts in Finland. The song was originally released in 2002 on the album, Get Heavy and as a single, featuring the band's former bassist Magnum and original keyboardist Enary.

In 2006, the song was re-recorded with the band's current lineup, including bassist OX and keyboardist Awa. This version was released as a limited-print promotional single, as well as a bonus track on the special edition of the album The Arockalypse. The promotional single also featured as the first prize in a competition for the Finnish "Lordi Cola."

There are two music videos for the song. The first one involves a young girl playing with a very dirty doll in a strange woodland. After several seconds the band appears and starts to play the song. As the lead vocalist Mr.Lordi sings, it seems that he is trying to convince her to join him and his band. She eventually approaches him and gives him her doll and he sets it alight, showing her the truth of his monstrous nature.

Towards the end of the song, she seems to consent to joining them and grins manically.

In the 2006 version, the band are cadavers which appear in a morgue. While listening to the radio(in which the DJ announces the song about to be played), an assisting woman notices one of the band members and they make their appearance, killing the two men trying to investigate the bodies. The band then approaches her and the rest of the video goes very much the same way as the first (minus, of course, the woodland and the doll).

Get Heavy is the 2002 debut album by Lordi. Despite the fact that the bassist Kalma appears on the front cover, all bass guitars were played by the former bassist Magnum, who left after the recording and before the release of the album. The album is dedicated to Magnum.

Lordi is a Finnish hard rock band, which was formed in 1996 by the band's lead singer, songwriter and costume-designer, Mr. Lordi. The band is known for wearing monster masks and using pyrotechnics during concerts.

Lordi made history in 2006 by winning the Eurovision Song Contest with a record 292 points, becoming the first Finnish band to win the contest. Lordi was featured on the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards in Copenhagen when the band's frontman, Mr. Lordi, presented the award for rock. They were also the closing act, playing their single "Hard Rock Hallelujah". They also performed on Britain's Making Your Mind Up for the Eurovision Song Contest. Lordi performed on the main stage at Ozzfest 2007 and later that year toured with Type O Negative and Twin Method until Halloween night.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/