Country: USA

Year: 1997

Genre: Action, Crime, Drama, Thriller 

Rating: 7.2/10   92,090 votes

Format: DVD9

Size: 7.64 Gb

Runtime: 138 min

Bitrate: 6640 Kbps

Resolution: 720х480

Video: MPEG-2, NTSC Colour, 02:18:56

Audio: English (Dolby AC3, 6 ch)English (DTS, 6 ch)

Francais (Dolby AC3, 2 ch)English (Dolby AC3, 2 ch)English dir.coment's

Subtitles: English, Francais, Bulgarian



Director: John Woo

Cast: 





John Travolta ... Sean Archer / Castor Troy

Nicolas Cage ... Castor Troy / Sean Archer

Joan Allen ... Dr. Eve Archer

Alessandro Nivola ... Pollux Troy

Gina Gershon ... Sasha Hassler

Dominique Swain ... Jamie Archer

Nick Cassavetes ... Dietrich Hassler

Harve Presnell ... Victor Lazarro





Plot: 

 Troy is recorded in the FBI files to have a whole list of terrorism-related offences, including bombings and political assassinations. The FBI receives information that Castor's brother Pollux (Alessandro Nivola) has chartered a plane at a Los Angeles airport, and Archer knows the Troy brothers well enough to guess that Pollux "doesn't fly without big brother!" Archer leads an FBI team in chasing the plane down a runway and is able to shoot out one of the engines. Unable to take off, Castor kills both the pilot and one of Archer's agents, then crashes the plane into a hangar. In the ensuing chaos, which leaves several FBI agents wounded or dead, Pollux is captured by the Feds and Castor is knocked into a coma after bragging to Archer about a biological bomb that will destroy Los Angeles.



Archer initially believes Castor was bluffing, but after the FBI finds schematics for the bomb on a disk recovered from Pollux's briefcase, Archer realizes that the threat is genuine. Although he learns the date of the bombing from several of Castor's henchmen, including Castor's bomb supplier Dietrich Hassler (Nick Cassavetes), Archer is unable to find any information about the location of the bomb itself. Knowing that the only way to obtain the location is from Castor's brother, Pollux, Archer's colleagues, Tito and Miller, present him with a top-secret mission and convince him to undergo a surgical procedure to temporarily graft Archer's face and pose as Castor in order to gain information about the bomb from Pollux. (Though the time-period is never specified in the film and largely implied to be the present, the technology shown here and later in the prison is partially anachronistic, contrasting with the technology used in the rest of the film.)


