In Cold Blood for the Ps1                                          Rel. 07/13/2000


Format:        CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         MDS/MDF
Genre.:        Action/Spy Espionage
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps1 or Ps2, Breaker Pro Boot CD, 
               Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip (Allows playing of backups), 
               or Psx Emulator. (You only need one of these methods).


Compressed with 7Zip, Both Game Discs were tested and work.


Note: No Ps1 Backup/Game or copy will work unless you have a modded Ps1/Ps2, or if 
      you use a bootdisc like Breaker Pro, you can also use a Game Enhancer/Built-
      in Mod-Chip which does the same as Breaker Pro for the Ps1. (If using 
      Breaker Pro or Game Enhancer for multi-disc games you'll have to use the 
      swap trick, A method of lifting the spring putting in any original ps1 game 
      releasing spring and waiting till the disc starts spinning faster then 
      quickly swap in your next game disc. This takes timing and practice to get 
      it right and only works for older Playstation's).



Important - If using a Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip in case you didn't already know
            you must first have the spring in place and any original ps1 game 
            loaded. Then you power on the ps1 and the disc will spin for a little
            bit loading the Boot Code and stop spinning. Finally you swap in your
            Ps1 backup or Copy and start the game. 




Release Notes - I had trouble getting the game to work at first but cleaned off my
                modded ps1, then the game ran fine. So the game works normal you 
                may or may not have problems if you do just try dusting off your 
                machine and disc and try again, could also be that I have an older
                ps1. There may be a small delay after ps1 logo just wait and
                it should load the game if it hangs to long like over 25 seconds   
                reset happens rarely. In Cold Blood was one of those Ps1 games I 
                was kinda fond of. I used to rent this game all the time at 
                Hollywood Video back in the days. Another Feature I like about it 
                is you can save anywhere in the game. So If you screw up you can 
                reload anywhere from your last save.




Game Description:

In the near future... Cold War has reignited between US and People's Republic of China. CIA has requested assistance of British MI6 to send an agent into Volgia, a former Soviet republic under control of General Nagarov. You are John Cord, MI6 agent chosen for the assignment. Your investigation turns out to be anything BUT simple...

In Cold Blood is an adventure espionage game that relies on puzzle-solving. You get the latest in spy equipment. You can hack locked doors, computers, use electromagnetic pulse mines, and use motion detection to name a few. Stealth is the key for mission success & if you want to survive.

By DreamCatcher Interactive this was also released for Windows. Good Graphics and Story plot for a Ps1 game. A Great Game and Worth the time to play.


Game Pics Included.


Burn With Alcohol 120% (Included in Download).

(Opps it appears that Alcohol 120% Installer is corrupt for this release, You can find Alcohol 120% + crack anywhere on the net or download my latest psx or downloads that have working version.)

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x speed for both discs.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or Questions Please Post a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!