 http://bayimg.com/jAaCcAAdD

Little Terrorist (2004) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0425200/

Hindi language with hard English subtitles.

Little Terrorist is a 2004 Indian short film directed, written and produced by Ashvin Kumar.

The movie revolves around Jamal (played by Salim), a 10 year old Pakistani Muslim boy. While playing cricket near the Indo Pakistani border, the cricket ball is tossed over to the Indian side of the border separated by a fence.

Jamal crosses the fence to fetch the ball. He is however spotted by the Indian security forces and shot at. He hides in an Indian village where he is provided shelter by Bhola (Sushil Sharma), a devout Hindu Brahmin. Both Bhola and his niece, Rani (Megnaa Mehtta), are skeptical about allowing a Muslim boy in their home.

The leading cast of the movie consisted of Zulfuqar Ali (Salim), Sushil Sharma and Megnaa Mehtta. None of them had ever acted in a movie before this and while Zulfuqar is a street child, Sushil Sharma is a clerk in the government service in Delhi and Megnaa was a 12th standard student at the time of shooting the movie.

The production of the film commenced in November 2003 and was completed in March 2004. The crew were selected by Alipur Films via Shooting People, the online filmmakers community and worked free of cost for the movie and even travelled to India at their own expense.  The movie was shot in the deserts of Rajasthan on a very tight budget. The crew faced various difficulties due to the multilingual production team, remote locations and the shoestring budget. These were further complicated when a tent with the reel burnt down. The crew were however able to salvage the reel from the tent. At another time, a herd of cows stampeded through the shooting location.

AWARDS

Montreal World Film Festival: 1st Prize. 
Manhattan Film Festival: Best Film. 
Flanders Film Festival: Best Film. 
Tehran International Film Festival: Grand Prize 
Reelworld Film Festival: Bell Expressvu Award. 
Satyajit Ray Foundation: Satyajit Ray Award, Best Short Film. 
Lucania Film Festival: Winner. 
Salento Film Festival: Winner. 
Aspen Shortfest: Honorable Mention by BAFTA/LA. 
Almería International Short Film Festival: Audience Award. 
Temecula Valley International Film Festival: Special Jury Prize. 
Mumbai International Film Festival: Silver Conch. 
Sousse International Film Festival: Winner. 
Buff Film Festival: Winner, Audience Choice. 
Sao Paulo International Short Film Festival: Audience Favourite. 
