Season 10, Episode 13: The Road Not Taken

After an experiment to increase the range of Merlin's device goes terribly wrong, Sam has an accident which transports her to a parallel universe, where SG-1 has a very different composition, since history was changed by a failed attack by one Ori ship... and a whole fleet is expected soon. She insists upon abandoning the -killed- parallel Carter's line of work and pursues hiding the entire parallel Earth. It works! Even when the Ori fire at their position, nobody is hurt. The parallel Hank Landry is President, and three years prior had imposed permanent Martial Law. The more Carter learns about the perversion of civil liberties, the more she shifts her efforts, even when rewarded by a post as Presidential Defense Adviser, to restoring them, but thus incurs the active wrath of those in power who are eager to remain so. Time to get back, but how? 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 10, Episode 14: The Shroud

Daniel Jackson, who was left behind fighting off Adria while the other SG1-members escaped trough the Stargate, is found working as a Prior: the best in the business, who doesn't need to use any threats to talk people into conversion to Origin. Hoping there is still some of his personality left, the team (plus General Jack O'Neill) kidnaps him. Daniel explains how he temporarily has Merlin's personality and knowledge in himself, and had deliberately allowed Adria to turn him into a Prior, while delaying to finish Merlin's weapon she'd wanted, meanwhile hoping to get an Ori ship for Earth's side. But time is running out, since the team took unexpectedly long to capture him. Still, the generals, Carter, and Vala are most reluctant to go along with releasing him and opening the wormhole he needs to bring the weapon through. Even the White House wants to kill him, or at best, keep him in stasis until he is reverted to his human nature by Merlin's genetic manipulation. But then his plan is wasted- unless the others can be trained to do it in his place (so only they are at risk, not the entire galaxy in case Daniel is Adria's Trojan Horse). After giving them the necessary information, Daniel suddenly frees himself while Richard Woolsey is with him and takes control of a space ship after beaming up Jack too, just after the others have undertaken their mission to Adria's lair, where Daniel, about to be genetically reverted, arrives just in time to tip the balance in favor of... 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 10, Episode 15: Bounty

SG-1 blows up three transport ships in a row; Netan puts a price on their heads. General Landry grants the team members spare time on Earth. Daniel spends it researching in a library, where he meets a bounty hunter who tries to seduce him, then switches to her handgun... but is taken out by a bus. Sam gives a lecture on Air Force technological progress together with Dr. Bill Lee; a sniper nearly misses, but is taken out with an experimental weapon they'd brought along to demonstrate. Teal'c is injured by surprise at a Jaffa camp and successfully traps the killer to try again. Cam goes to his Kansas high school reunion and Vala succeeds in making him bring her along, pretending to be his accountant and partner. His still sexy former flame he'd believed out of his reach, Amy Vandenberg, is initially scared off by Vala, but, divorced and interested, explains she still has a secret crush on him. Alien bounty hunter Odai Ventrell assumes numerous classmates' appearances to kill him. Vala's failed rescue gets them both captured publicly, so he threatens to kill off reunion guests unless the other SG-1 members take their place, but they trick him using Chimera technology; they hope Netan's failure to eliminate them will rekindle the power struggle and Odai reacts surprisingly. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 10, Episode 16: Bad Guys

When SG-1, minus Carter, investigates a previously unexplored planet expecting to find themselves in a pyramid, they are astounded to find themselves in a museum. Finding a party occurring in the lobby, they decide to leave and make first contact later, but they find that the DHD is a replica and thus incapable of getting them home. They are discovered and believed to be rebels and are forced to take hostages to buy time for their escape. 
