1st pic is Ashton, 2nd is Ryan C, 3rd is Rusty

* * * Ryan C and Ashton
Ashton has rapidly become one of our member’s favorites here at Southern Strokes.  Almost immediately after we released Ashton’s solo, the requests started coming in to see him and Ryan hook up.    Ryan has become a regular at the Lake House so it didn’t take much to arrange for hot little southern boys to get to know each other.

I have talked about how quiet Ashton can be when it comes to speaking what’s on his mind but in this case he wasn’t holding anything back.  When I told him that I wanted to set something up between him and Ryan, he said he could do the shoot anytime we wanted and he would make it work.  Ryan was just as willing and available when I approached him.  I love it when two horny boys look forward to hooking up.

Ryan and Ashton are almost the exact same height with almost the exact same build.  There would be one major difference between the two of them; Ryan packs a huge cock and loves to fuck and Ashton has an amazing ass and loves to get fucked.  I wish these options would come along more often because this sounds like it just might be a match made in heaven.

When the two of them finally met in person, they were almost a little shy with one another. It was just like the first time you got to hook up with your high school crush.  Both boys were clearly excited and playful with each other from the very beginning.  Once they started making out on the bed, I could see both of their cocks get hard through their pants.  Ashton took control and started sucking on Ryan’s big cock as Ryan played with Ashton’s ass.  Ryan finally got Ashton on all fours and shoved his rock hard cock deep inside Ashton’s tight hole.  Ashton let out the most erotic moan as he bit the pillow to keep from screaming from the pain.

These two country boys fucked standing up, lying down, on their backs, on their stomachs, riding cowboy and virtually every position you could imagine.  It was no surprise that they had both worked up huge loads that were just waiting to explode.  Ashton just couldn’t’ take it anymore and shot his load as Ryan was fucking him deep.  Ryan followed that by spraying Ashton’s chest with his steamy white cum covering his chest. 

* * * Rusty and Ashton aka Merry Fucking Christmas
As soon as Rusty finished his solo shoot, I knew that I had to get him back to do another shoot.  I was lucky that Ashton was finished with his last final and he was available and ready for some action.  I know that Ashton likes the boys that are not only hot but young looking so it was a no-brainer to pair these Southern boys together.

Ashton has become really comfortable in front of the camera and especially loves to get fucked by hot guys.  This was Rusty’s first time ever with another guy so I wanted to make sure that he was going to be with someone that could make him more comfortable.  Ashton has this quiet confidence about him that I knew wouldn’t be intimidating to Rusty.  The two of them went out on the deck and shared a smoke before the shoot and the rest is history.

One look at Ashton without his shirt on and I could tell that he had been spending his free time in the gym.  He showed up sporting some hot new abs for our members.  Rusty had just been at the house a couple of days prior for his first shoot so he was really comfortable this time around.  Rusty and Ashton are both very comfortable with their sexuality.  As Ashton always puts it; “I get the best of both worlds”.

They were both sitting on the couch when Ashton leaned over and started to kiss Rusty.  I wasn’t sure how Rusty would respond but you can see for yourself that our new Southern Hottie is really open to just about anything.  Ashton worked his way down Rusty’s hot body kissing him from his chest until he reached his pants.  Ashton slowly undid Rusty’s pants and continued his pursuit by sucking Rusty’s cock until he was rock hard.  Rusty’s beautiful cock was at attention the entire video as he fucked his first boy as a Holiday Present for our members.  For his first time, Rusty was a natural and Ashton obviously enjoyed every inch of it.