This is Mary Ball Martinez's mindblowing book The Undermining of the Catholic Church (1998) which advances the controversial, though well founded, theory that the betrayal of Vatican II was not the beginning of the revolution against traditionalism but the culmination of decades of revolutionary activity of secret societies (like the freemasons) who have silently infiltrated every corner of Vatican. Following the death of Pope Leo XIII in 1903, the Cardinal Secretary of State Mariano Rampolla was about to be elected by the conclave, but, invoking a long forgotten privilege of the Holy Roman Emperor, the Cardinal Patriarch of Krakow Poland, Cardinal Jan Puzyna de Kosielko, arose to nullify the election on behalf of the successor to the Holy Roman Emperor, the Austro-Hungarian Hapsburg Emperor Franz Josef. The Cardinal Patriarch provided the astonished conclave with a dossier compiled by Msgr. Jouin, a Vatican archivist, which proved that Rampolla was a Freemason, an enemy actively engaged in the destruction of the Church. By the grace of God, Pope St. Pius X ascended to the Chair of Peter and the faithful Cardinal Merry del Val became Cardinal Secretary of State. Sadly, Rampolla's influence continued through much of the 20th century due to the influence of Rampolla's proteges, della Chiesa (Benedict XV), Pacelli (Pius XII), Roncalli (John XXIII), Montini (Paul VI), and Pietro Gasparri (Cardinal Secretary of Sate 1914-1930). Instead of the usual school and seminary training, both Pacelli and Montini were tutored under the personal direction of Rampolla (until their last two years before ordination). The banking families of Pacelli and Montini were also connected to the Rothschilds. These and more disturbing details of the liturgical and theological shifts setting the stage for the Vatican II revolution are documented in this sadly suppressed book. The author was a Vatican correspondent during the decades before that tragic Second Vatican Council. Martinez proves her thesis well by exploring the careers of Popes Benedict XV, Pius XI and XII, John XXIII, Paul VI, and John Paul I and II. Her narrative ends in the nineties before the Pontificate of Benedict XVI. But, most interestingly, she had already identified Ratzinger as being a part of the plot to revolutionize the Church as he was part and parcel of the 'revolutionaries'. No wonder he was so well accepted by the Masonic powers that be. Unless you read her book, you cannot begin to understand what happened to the Catholic church in the 20th century. 210 pages. A must read for everyone.
