Blackfoot is a Southern rock band from Jacksonville, Florida formed in 1970. Though they are a Southern rock band, at their peak, they were more popular as a hard rock band.[1]
They had a number of hit albums in the 1970s and early 1980s (including Strikes (1979), Tomcattin' (1980) and Marauder (1981).
The original lineup broke apart by late 1985, though not before former Uriah Heep keyboardist/songwriter Ken Hensley had joined the group during their last couple of years together.
In the spring of 1969, Rickey Medlocke and Greg T. Walker met former New York City native Charlie Hargrett in Jacksonville and formed the band Fresh Garbage with Ron Sciabarasi on keyboards, Rick on drums and vocals, Greg on bass and Hargrett on lead guitar, playing mostly at The Comic Book Club on Forsyth St. In downtown Jacksonville and with their friends The One Percent(who would soon rename to Lynyrd Skynyrd) at the Sunday afternoon "be-ins" in the local parks.
That fall, Sciabarasi left Fresh Garbage and lead guitarist Jerry Zambito (ex-Tangerine) joined as a new band, Hammer, was formed with Medlocke on lead vocals fronting the band (playing almost no guitar); Greg T. Walker on bass and backup vocals; Jakson Spires, from Tangerine, on drums and backup vocals; DeWitt Gibbs, also from Tangerine, on Hammond organ, Fender Rhodes electric piano, and backup vocals; and Hargrett on lead guitar. They soon relocated to Gainesville, Florida to be the house band at the near-legendary Dub's, a topless bar on the outskirts of town.
In the early spring of 1970, the band, after hearing of another band on the West Coast named Hammer, decided to change their name to Blackfoot to reflect the Native American heritage of Walker, Spires and Medlocke (Spires is part Cherokee, Medlocke part Sioux, while Walker's blood ties are to the Eastern Creek Florida Indians). By this time, the troop had moved to Manhattan after a friend, who was working in a music publishing company, told her boss about the band and he had them relocate to New York City. But when that connection failed to pan out, Gibbs quit the band and Medlocke began playing rhythm guitar full time. Thus was born the classic lineup of Blackfoot.
In the spring of 1971, Medlocke and Walker accepted an offer to join Lynyrd Skynyrd and Blackfoot broke up, for the time being. There was a brief attempt to regroup in 1972, but Medlocke ended up returning to Lynyrd Skynyrd while Walker joined The Tokens, who soon changed their name to Cross Country. Hargrett remained up north living in Hackettstown, New Jersey. In August 1972, Blackfoot's old friend and roadie, John Vassiliou, showed up in town with Reidsville, North Carolina. bassist Lenny Stadler from the band Blackberry Hill. Hargrett decided to move to North Carolina and invited Medlocke, who'd left Skynyrd, to reform Blackfoot with Stadler on bass and Jakson Spires on drums. Danny Johnson (later with Derringer and Steppenwolf), from a Louisiana group, Axis, was brought in as second guitarist. But Medlocke soon decided to be both front man and guitarist again, so Johnson only lasted a short time.
In the summer of 1973, Stadler left the band after a tumor was discovered on one of his lungs. Fortunately, the tumor disappeared. But Stadler decided to leave secular music to join a gospel group. He eventually became a Methodist minister. Greg T. Walker was invited to rejoin at this juncture and the classic Blackfoot lineup was reborn.
By 1974, the band had returned their base of operations to the Northeast(to Northern New Jersey) and Medlocke developed nodes on his vocal cords and temporarily lost his voice. Another singer, Patrick Jude, was brought into the band. After a short time, Medlocke was able to sing again and Jude was dropped. Soon after, Medlocke and Walker sent producers/session players Jimmy Johnson and David Hood a copy of Blackfoot's material. Johnson and Hood had worked with Medlocke and Walker in Muscle Shoals, Alabama when they were there recording with Skynyrd. No Reservations was released on Island Records in 1975 and their second album, Flying High, came out on Epic Records in 1976. Both were produced by Johnson and Hood.
