Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


The Grace (Korean: 천상지희 더 그레이스; hanja: 天上智喜 The Grace ) is a South Korean girl group formed by SM Entertainment in 2005. It consists of four members that specialize in skills of singing, dancing, and acting. The quartet debuted in 2005 and since then, the group gained popularity in South Korea and a number of other Asian countries. Currently, much of their activity occurs in Japan, following the precedent of other Korean-turned-Japanese-celebrity pop stars such as BoA, who is also managed by SM Entertainment.

The Grace had long been known as TSZX prior to the promotion of their 3rd Korean single around the end of 2006, at which the group changed their name to The Grace to signal the change of the group's style to a more “graceful” one.  TSZX was the romanization of the Mandarin Chinese pronunciation, Tiān Shàng Zhì Xǐ.  Their name was also simplified to CSJH, the romanization of the Korean pronunciation, Chun Sang Ji Hee.  Both simplifications are still widely used to refer to the band despite the change in the official name.  However, in Japan, the group is still officially known as Tenjōchiki, which is also abbreviated (albeit less frequently) as TJCK.

The Grace's first official performance occurred on April 29, 2005, in China. They performed their new songs "Too Good" and "Boomerang", and it was broadcasted weeks later by the Chinese channel CCTV. The Grace shared the stage with another SM star, Kangta, in order to introduce themselves. The verses in Boomerang were also sung in Chinese. Two days later, the quartet debuted with "Too Good" on SBS's popular music program Popular Songs.

However, The Grace's debut in Korea was marred by some controversy. SM introduced the group to Korean fans as the "female version of TVXQ". What initially seemed to be a good marketing strategy turned against them, as the girls were not received well by many TVXQ fans. Another issue was the choice of their official balloon color. In Korea, fans like to support their idols by waving balloons during performances, and each idol has their own color. Before The Grace's debut, it was stated that their color would be either pink or orange, but both colors were already used by famous groups, as orange belonged to Shinhwa and pink to NRG. In the end, fans of The Grace chose pink because NRG had been inactive for some time.

This video is not an English version.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/