Vista Transformation Pack 9.01 by Windows X'Live

Windows Vista is the newest and current operating system offered to the public by Microsoft. It has tried to integrate the usability of the previous Windows XP with a slew of new features and the glitz of a new user interface.

However, while built from the ground up, it is still considered a small step in the operating system’s evolution. As such, many feel that the new features are not worth upgrading Windows XP, especially considering the high system requirements needed to run Windows Vista, compatibility issues with some software, digital rights management, and authorization protocols. The negative criticisms of Windows Vista have held back its initial drive into the computer market. Its introduction and performance have been less spectacular than that of Windows XP when it was first unveiled in October of 2001.
The original Longhorn Transformation Pack came as software package by Windows X to give users a taste of the then newest OS prototype, Longhorn. This was the stepping-stone for Microsoft into the final version of the OS, and represented a middle ground between XP and Vista. It began to introduce features that are now present in Vista such as Desktop Composition Engine (DCE), Desktop Windows Manager (DWM) and the sidebar. The public interest in Longhorn catalyzed the creation of the transformation pack. Out of passion and out of interest for Longhorn, the transformation pack was created and released with great success. After the change of gears at Redmond to pursue Windows Vista, the transformation pack followed suit and renamed itself.



The goal of the Vista Transformation Pack is to emulate the look, feel and features of Windows Vista with the highest fidelity possible. With each successive version, Vista Transformation Pack has strived to improve its library of authentic Windows Vista elements so that Windows XP users can also enjoy the new “wow” experience.

 

Requirements : Win XP/2003 ONLY.. OS
512 Mb of RAM
2.0 GHZ or Fast Processor Recommended

Install Notes : Before Installing,Create a Restore Point or Back Up of System in case of any Failure
Install by running the .exe file and select the required components and then install..
You are Done!


ENJOY!!!!

I Checked it with >>> Kaspersky Internet Security 2010 <<< and is 100% CLEAN......Found NO Threats!!!

Please Help Keep This Torrent ALIVE by SEEDING!!!!