,
  Hottest scene tracker on the net !!!   http://www.scenetime.com
 
         Please seed back after your download is completed

           Credit goes  to all seeders and  http://www.scenetime.com
 



...................................NFO:.................................................                    
    











Raw.5.XXX.DVDRiP.XviD-VBT









Cast: Ava Addams, Charley Chase, London Keys, Zoe Voss






For fans who prefer genuine sexual passion to formulaic, paint-by-numbers porn or circus stunts staged for a camera, director/stud Manuel Ferrara offers Raw 5. The series is special because its long, mostly unedited "scenes" -- they're really more like informal home videos -- show how real people look getting it on for their own pleasure. And what a pleasure Raw 5 is as Manuel and four sexy girls spend quality, truly intimate time turning each other on and getting each other off. Manuel picks up tasty Asian American London Keyes to celebrate her birthday, and as they play miniature golf, air hockey and arcade games, her revealing yellow sundress can't contain the fun loving cutie's voluptuous curves. They get a hotel room for the real birthday bashing, and swinging London turns out to be a screamer! She gleefully envelops his big cock in her mouth, two fists and between her seemingly too-big-to-be-Asian natural knockers. He drills her into the sheets, and her hair is a mess by the time she's ready for his load. She makes intense eye contact with the camera as she blows his pussy juice-coated penis, then plays with the semen he launches into her mouth and onto her face. She licks clean his cock, and this cum-thirsty girl even slurps the dregs from the sheets! Zoe Voss is a slim, trim redhead with a pretty face, blue eyes and tiny, natural tits. From her own camera in her own apartment, we get an intimate view of how she prepares for a date with Manuel ... she showers, and seeing herself in the mirror declares, "I'd do me." When he calls to say he's on his way, the excited girl admits she's "dancing inside," then texts her girlfriends to make them jealous. He arrives and appreciates her just-out-of-the-shower look. As they kiss on her bed Manuel rolls over onto Zoe's curious kitten, who scrams, leaving him with the pussy. Zoe stretches and moans as she's eaten, and after a twat-flavored mouth kiss he mounts her. Their fuck is marked by sensual choking, cunt-to-mouth cock worship (with intense eye-camera contact) and Zoe's orgasmic squeals. He fingers her butthole as she grinds on his meat and uses both hands to conjure his load, which the spent girl languidly laps. On a vacation with Manuel, big-assed, naturally mega-buxom Ava Addams finds him sleeping in their hotel room. The young MILF (she looks maybe 30), a brown-eyed brunette, wants to go to the beach, but the only way to roust the hung-over Manuel is by seduction. So she unleashes her monster mams and arouses his cock in her mouth and cleavage. Soon she's more concerned with sex than sand, so they share a 69. Whether she's getting pounded on her back, on her side or with her legs cranked up behind her head, the camera quietly captures their intimacy. Her boobs bounce and flap as she fucks; she sucks cock pulled fresh from her gash. A POV-style shot taken by Manuel as he plows her doggie-style shows the impressive ratio of her small waist and broad butt. Finally a titty-fuck makes him blast, but the camera sees her showering and toweling off, now really ready for the beach. Manuel's scene with Charley Chase shows their obvious personal connection. The lush-bodied Latina sports impressive natural jugs and a red-hot ass decorated with a spicy chile tattoo. Manuel arrives at breakfast time and samples her fresh-baked muffins, but his camera seems more interested in her cleavage. He teases her about the bong he finds in her apartment, and she tells stories of answering her door naked for delivery guys and religious proselytizers. In her new bed she gets seriously into giving him a slurpy, sloppy blow job. When they fuck, it's real, desperate sex with expressive faces, gasping, delirious sex talk and palpable excitement. She sucks his toes and when blowing his cock, she relishes the flavor of her pussy cream. Uninhibited Charley buries her head up his ass for a rim job. After more pussy - and titty-fucking, an extensive suck-off leaves her with jism to slurp.Manuel Ferrara's Raw 5 is a double-disc DVD with additional lost footage, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.






Screens: 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=yuwts_raw5.jpg 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=kc6sn_raw55.jpg 
http://www.dumppix.com/viewer.php?file=4on9i_raw555.jpg