It's getting close to Christmas again already....

Anyway, though that somebody should bundle these 2 albums together in a torrent ;)

Merry Christmas is a holiday album and fourth studio album by American singer Mariah Carey. Released by Columbia Records on November 1, 1994, the album features both cover versions of popular Christmas tunes, including some original material. On the album, Carey worked with Walter Afanasieff, with whom she wrote all of the original tracks, as well as producing Carey's interpretations of many holiday classics. With the release of Merry Christmas, Carey proved herself to be an entertainer, not just a pop-singer, as many began to speculate. The album contained a contemporary holiday theme, as well as featuring "authentic, gospel flavored background vocals."

The album features instrumentation from keyboards, bass guitars, drums, percussion and heavy backing vocals. The main reason for the album's use of these instruments was to capture a "real and authentic church vibe," giving most of the songs a real Christmas and holiday sound. After its release, the album received generally positive reviews and became a worldwide success. Critics praised Carey's uplifting and flavored vocals, as well as her skilled songwriting alongside Afanasieff. Many singles were released from the album, being sent to different radio stations for promotional purposes.

Merry Christmas was released at the peak of the initial stretch of Carey's career, between Music Box (1993) and Daydream (1995). The album produced the worldwide classic single, "All I Want for Christmas Is You," which became the best-selling holiday ringtone in the U.S. The album was certified five-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of over five million copies in the U.S. In Japan, Merry Christmas has sold over 2,500,000 copies and is the second best-selling album of all time by a non-Asian artist, behind only Carey's other release Number 1's. Merry Christmas has sold over twelve million copies worldwide and is one of the best-selling Christmas albums of all time.

Track listing
No. 	Title 	Writer(s) 	Producer(s) 	Length
1. 	"Silent Night"   	Fr. Josef Mohr, Franz X. Gruber 	Mariah Carey, Walter Afanasieff 	3:41
2. 	"All I Want for Christmas Is You"   	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	4:01
3. 	"O Holy Night"   	Adolphe Adam 	M. Carey, Loris Holland 	4:27
4. 	"Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)"   	Jeff Barry, Ellie Greenwich, Phil Spector 	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	2:35
5. 	"Miss You Most (At Christmas Time)"   	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	4:32
6. 	"Joy to the World"   	George Frideric Handel, Lowell Mason, Isaac Watts 	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	4:21
7. 	"Jesus Born on This Day"   	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	M. Carey, L. Holland 	3:43
8. 	"Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town"   	John Frederick Coots, Haven Gillespie 	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	3:24
9. 	"Hark! The Herald Angels Sing" / "Gloria in Excelsis Deo"   	Charles Wesley, Felix Mendelssohn 	M. Carey, L. Holland 	3:01
10. 	"Jesus Oh What a Wonderful Child"   	Traditional 	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	4:26
11. 	"God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen"   	Traditional 	M. Carey, W. Afanasieff 	1:18

----------------------------------------------

Merry Christmas II You is the thirteenth studio album and second Christmas album by American singer Mariah Carey. The album was released on October 29, 2010 and features four original songs, all-time Christmas classics and a re-recorded version of her 1994 Christmas hit "All I Want for Christmas Is You".

Track listing

    * Merry Christmas II You CD

No. 	Title 	Writer(s) 	Producer(s) 	Length
1. 	"Santa Claus Is Coming to Town" (Intro) 	J. Fred Coots, Haven Gillespie 	Mariah Carey, Marc Shaiman 	0:23
2. 	"Oh Santa!"   	Carey, Bryan Michael Cox, Jermaine Dupri 	Carey, Cox, Dupri 	3:31
3. 	"O Little Town of Bethlehem" / "Little Drummer Boy" (Medley) 	Phillips Brooks, Lewis H. Redner, Katherine K. Davis, Henry Onorati, Harry Simeone 	Carey, James Wright, Randy Jackson 	3:32
4. 	"Christmas Time Is in the Air Again"   	Carey, Shaiman 	Carey, Shaiman 	3:02
5. 	"The First Noel" / "Born is the King" (Interlude) 	Traditional 	Carey, Wright, Jackson 	4:33
6. 	"When Christmas Comes"   	Carey, James Poyser 	Carey, Poyser 	4:46
7. 	"Here Comes Santa Claus (Right Down Santa Claus Lane)" / "Housetop Celebration"   	Gene Autry, Oakley Haldeman, Benjamin Hanby 	Carey, Cox, Dupri 	3:28
8. 	"Charlie Brown Christmas"   	Vince Guaraldi, Lee Mendelson 	Carey, Wright, Jackson 	2:49
9. 	"O Come All Ye Faithful" / "Hallelujah Chorus" (featuring Patricia Carey) 	John Francis Wade, George Frideric Handel 	Carey, Wright, Jackson 	3:38
10. 	"O Holy Night" (Live from WPC in South Central Los Angeles) 	Adolphe Adam 	Carey, Walter Afanasieff 	5:00
11. 	"One Child"   	Carey, Shaiman 	Carey, Shaiman 	4:26
12. 	"All I Want for Christmas Is You" (Extra Festive) 	Carey, Afanasieff 	Carey, Wright, Jackson 	4:02
13. 	"Auld Lang Syne" (The New Year's Anthem) 	Robert Burns 	Carey, Jackson, Johnny Severin 	3:48