WorkStation Optimizer v1.00 - 22 MB
You're not sure when, where, or how, but slowly your machine has become infested with spyware, adware, malware, keyloggers, trojan horses, etc. and YOU know it...
 
Hey no sweat right? Some hackers out there are simply recording every key you press (including passwords, email addresses/logins, bank payments or purchases online, paypal, clickbank, ebay), literally anything you do - they know and have documented for later use...

Chances are - you caught these bugs unknowingly, as most hackers distribute bugs through 'install scripts' and 'bots', without the users conscent (so there is no window saying 'you are downloading x or installing y' - it simply installs itself and holds you by the knickers).

You may have panicked and went searching for free trojan removal and registry fix programs which didn't work well...

What you didn't know, is that most of these will actually install MORE threats, and then use their software or an email/popup/browser hijack to upsell you to the bigger/better anti-virus solutions as an affiliate (which they take commission from).So these guys are feeding you more bugs, then providing you a paid solution once their freebie can't crack/fix the bugs, or once they screw up your machine even more (because they are part of the business model. Sneaky & Dirty!).

OR often times the semi-reputable ones will nag you 10 times a day from your tray bar or task manager will pop up windows continually reminding you that you have bugs and you must buy their specific system to remove those warnings (again very aggressive and chances are even if your machine IS clean, it gives false positives with these tray nags and popups...).So STOP downloading free online registry scanners, only use reputable brands and top quality products like our WorkStation OPtimizer when it comes to your work station and sensitive data, it's the only sensible thing to do! Download your registry fix and spyware removal software below to get started. 