Virtual DJ Pro 7 & Serieal

[img]http://www.deejay.ae/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/vdj7.jpg[/img]

Serieal & instructions

This latest version keeps VirtualDJ's famously extensive feature list still way ahead of the competition.
VirtualDJ 7 brings you all the latest technology and improvements from the DJing industry, while staying true to the core values that have made VirtualDJ so popular: accessibility, versatility and cutting-edge technology.

Multi-Deck

Don't limit yourself to a simple two decks setup.

With VirtualDJ 7, you can set yourself up with 4, 6, or any number of decks up to 99.
Now it's up to you to see how far you can go. Unleash your creativity.
But rest assured that your software won't be the limit.

Line-in inputs

Always wished you could run your analog device input or maybe a live musician through your software? Now you can by bringing them all together inside VirtualDJ.

With VirtualDJ 7, you can set as many input channels as your audio hardware supports and route them to any deck at will.
You get full control on the input stream, including applying effects, visualizing the beat-waveform, synchronization, beat-matching, and more.

You can also instant-record a portion of the input stream, and then replay and scratch it as you want.

Rewire support

If you like to compose your own tracks, or want to mix traditional DJing with live performance, you can now link all your favorite softwares.
VirtualDJ 7 is compatible with any Rewire application (Ableton Live, ...).

A Rewire application can be assigned to any deck, and you can apply addition effects, visualize the beat-waveform, synchronize and beat-match, etc..., like you would with a normal file.
The play/pause/pitch/etc controls of the deck will control the Rewire application, so that you can choose to work either from the VirtualDJ screen or from the Rewire application.

GeniusDJ

Be sure to keep your music library always up-to-date.

If you have a Premium Membership, you can ask GeniusDJ to recommend and download new songs based on a selection of existing songs, or based on your mixing habits.
You can also use GenuisDJ to automatically top-up your folders with the latest songs from the same genre.
No matter how you will choose to use it, keeping your library on the edge has never been so easy.

New Audio Engine

Because the quality of the sound is of paramount importance to any real DJ, VirtualDJ 7 makes sure to bring you the best sound science has to offer.

The new Advanced Master Tempo will give you a sound clearer than ever, even at extreme pitch changes.
While the new Pure Scratch mode will give you a high-fidelity scratch emulation, sounding more real than the real thing.

Database managment

VirtualDJ 7 also features an improved database managment.
Move information from and to ID3 tags, change or rename multiple files at once, use several new extended fields, nest virtual folders, everything is there to help you easily keep your library organized and clean.

DJ Controller support

Atomix Productions worked with all the main DJ manufacturer brands (Pioneer, Numark, Denon, Vestax, Gemini, Hercules, Stanton, American Audio, Behringer, Reloop, etc...) to ensure that most of the DJ controllers on the market today work plug-and-play with VirtualDJ 7.

VirtualDJ 7 comes with predefined mapping for most of the DJ Controllers (more than 80 in the default installer, and more can be downloaded from the website), but the mappings can be easily changed and tweaked to your liking.

NOTE
The serieal number has already been blocked by virtual dj, however if you block the programme accessing the interent, it will work fine, I have been runing this for over a week now with no problems :)

Seed & Enjoy 
http://www.oldskoolscouse.co.uk