Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Seventh Star is the twelfth studio album by Black Sabbath, released in 1986.

It was originally written, recorded, and intended to be the first solo album by guitarist Tony Iommi, but due to label pressures and the prompting of band manager Don Arden, the record was billed as Black Sabbath featuring Tony Iommi. Glenn Hughes, ex-Deep Purple bassist and vocalist, was lead singer but did not play bass on this release.

As this album was not originally intended to be a Black Sabbath record, its sound is drastically different from previous releases. Many of the songs have a very bluesy feel, and it is notably less heavy than its predecessor, Born Again. Seventh Star was the first album to feature longtime keyboardist Geoff Nicholls as an official band member.

The promo-single and video version of "No Stranger to Love" had additional harmony vocals added by Hughes to make it more "radio-friendly". Actress Denise Crosby, who would later portray Tasha Yar in Star Trek: The Next Generation was in the video.

There was a tour for the album, but Hughes only performed at the first few shows. His voice had noticeably deteriorated after a fight with Sabbath's Production manager had left the singer with an injury to his sinuses and throat. Heavy cocaine use also contributed to his inability to properly perform live. At the band's early 1986 Detroit concert, Hughes' voice had deteriorated to the point where keyboardist Geoff Nicholls provided "ghost" vocals from backstage and had Hughes lipsynch along. Due to Hughes' inability to sing properly, he was sometimes omitting entire verses of songs. Hughes was sacked thereafter and replaced by Ray Gillen, who completed both the North American and European legs of the tour, though several dates in the US were cancelled.

Glenn Hughes has performed "No Stranger to Love" at some of his live concerts.

It peaked at number 78 on the Billboard 200 chart.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

