Kay Parker Filmography






Champagne For Breakfast

Year: 1980

Studio: Essex Video / Electric Hollywood

Director: Chris Warfield

Cast: Kay Parker, Leslie Bovee, Sharon Kane, Dorothy Lemay, Candida Royalle

Resume: A young and vivacious woman finds amorous excitement in this sex comedy.


Taboo

Year: 1980

Studio: VCX Ltd., Inc.

Director: Kirdy Stevens

Cast: Holly McCall, Kay Parker, Dorothy LeMay, Juliet Anderson, Connie Peterson, Tawny Pearl, Brooke West, Betsy Ward, Lee LeMay, Sarah Harris, Starr Wood, Valerie Darlyn, Mike Ranger, Don Fernando, Gary Eberhart, Jesse Adams, Jeff Scott, Jeremia Jones, Ken Scudder, Michael Morrison, R.J. Reynolds, T.J. Carson, Turk Lyon

Resume: After her husband has run off with his sexy secretary, Kay Parker finds herself alone, living with only her teen-age son. While the son has an extremely active sex and love life, the mother starts looking around. She visits an all-out orgy, but doesn't find anything interesting. Then one day she happens to catch her son in the nude coming out of a shower, and tingles run up and down her spine. She fights to control the temptations of her incestuous desires. But her son is a willing victim. The film's unusual `taboo' premise and abundant sex has made this one of the most popular movies ever released: an instant classic!



Dancers

Year: 1981

Studio: VCX Ltd., Inc.

Director: Anthony Spinelli

Cast: Vanessa Del Rio, Georgina Spelvin, John Leslie, Anna Turner, Richard Pacheco, Mai Lin, Kay Parker, Joey Silvera, Randy West, Mike Ranger, Aaron Stuart

Resume: John Leslie stars as the manager of a troop of male dancers that blows into a town full of ladies who are just about boiling over with unfulfilled lust. Before he can say “tutu” John has more trouble on his hands than he knows what to do with. Not only does he have to keep towns women like the insatiable Anna Turner away from his dancers, but he has to keep the dancer, including porn legend Randy West, away from the ladies. That's not easy when the ranks of the local female populace includes women like Vanessa del Rio and Georgina Spelvin. A classic adult comedy.





Taboo #2

Year: 1982

Studio: Cal Vista

Director: Kirdy Stevens

Cast: Dorothy LeMay, Kay Parker, Honey Wilder, Brooke Bennett, Eric Edwards, Kevin James, Juliet Anderson, Ron Jeremy, Cara Lott, Bambi

Resume: An instant hit! This sequel actually packs more of an erotic wallop than the original, including better production values and acting. It has everything -- an all-star cast enhanced by numerous gorgeous new-comers, and enough thermal energy to create a veritable tidal wave of unbridled sensuality. It's a true sequel, with Kay Parker and her mammoth breasts getting ample screen time, and that cute redhead Dorothy LeMay getting the Starring role. 'Sinema' at its finest. "Cecil B. DeMille had his biblical epics, John Ford has his westerns, and Mel Brooks his comic spoofs. In the world of adult porn, Kirdy Stevens has the market cornered on incest." If your looking for erotic, sensual porn to watch over and over again and still be amazed at the scenes, this is the film for you.



LEAVE COMMENT AND DON'T FORGET TO