Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Lunatic Fringe" is a song by the Canadian rock band Red Rider from their 1981 album, As Far as Siam. Guitarist Tom Cochrane wrote the song after becoming concerned about a resurgence of anti-Semitism in the 1970s, and was also inspired after reading a book about Raoul Wallenberg, who rescued Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. Some sources have incorrectly cited the murder of John Lennon  as the song's primary inspiration; in fact, Cochrane had already written the song before Lennon was killed, but recorded the song's first demo  the evening of the murder. He has stated that his feelings about the event, and how it echoed the theme of his song, galvanized him to release the song as a single despite advice from the record label that the song wasn't commercial enough.

The song starts rather abruptly before launching in the guitar (sounding similar to Led Zeppelin's "Good Times Bad Times"). Then, it gets into an 80s beat with ambulance sirens near the end. Its video played on MTV, featuring the band in eerie silhouette forms.[citation needed]

The song is a radio favorite, and has received regular airplay in the United States and Canada. It reached #60 on the Rock Radio Airplay Chart in Billboard in September 1981, and was awarded a SOCAN Classic award in 2009 by the Society of Composers, Authors and Music Publishers of Canada for reaching the 100,000-airplay mark on (Canadian) domestic radio.

In 1997, when re-recorded with Tom Cochrane's album Songs of a Circling Spirit, "Lunatic Fringe" charted on the RPM Top 100 Singles chart for four weeks, peaking at #70.

As Far as Siam is the second studio album by the Canadian rock band Red Rider, which was released in 1981. The album was recorded at Sunset Sound in Los Angeles.

The album reached #65 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart in 1981. The single "What Have You Got to do (To Get Off Tonight)" peaked at #16 on the Canadian charts.

Red Rider was a Canadian rock band popular in the 1980s. While the band achieved great success in Canada, in the US, the band never had a song in the Top 40.

In 1978, Tom Cochrane joined up with Rob Baker on drums, Jeff Jones on bass, Peter Boynton on keyboards and Ken Greer to form Red Rider. They were signed to Capitol Records and released their first album Don't Fight It in 1980. With the singles "White Hot" and "Don't Fight It", the album quickly reached gold status. Their second album As Far as Siam was released in 1981 and featured the hit "Lunatic Fringe" which was used in the 1985 movie Vision Quest and which is now a mainstay on American classic rock radio. The song also saw high rotation on the United States cable network MTV. Two other tracks, "Cowboys in Hong Kong" and "What Have You Got To Do" were featured in an episode of Miami Vice. Boynton was replaced by keyboardist Steve Sexton on Red Rider's third album Neruda, released in 1983. The track "Napoleon Sheds His Skin" would become one of the more popular songs from the album.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/