Larry Young - 12 Albums - Jazz Organ

Larry Young (born 1940) was the main driving force behind bringing the jazz organ from blues, hard bop and soul jazz into the modal territory and beyond. It is said that if Jimmy Smith was the Charlie Parker of jazz organ, Larry Young was its John Coltrane.

Larry Young started out heavily Jimmy Smith influenced. After some time John Coltrane's modal approach influenced Young, and in 1965 Young recorded what is considered to be his greatest album: Unity.

He then ventured further into avant-garde and fusion where he recorded with e.g. Carlos Santana, John McLaughlin, Miles Davis and Jimi Hendrix. His hard lifestyle soon took its toll though, and he died at only 37 years of age.

This cherry-picked Larry Young collection, with Young as leader or sideman, emphasize Young's early to mid-1960s period, but it also stretches into avant-garde and fusion. This means that you will find a few records here that are very, very different from each other, e.g. 'Testifying' vs 'Emergency!'.

My criteria when choosing which albums to include in this collection:
1) Prioritize early to mid-1960s albums.
2) Include only albums where Larry Young play the bass lines himself at the organ.

List of included albums in cronological recorded order:

1960 Larry Young - Testifying
1962 Larry Young - Groove Street
1964 Grant Green - Talkin' About 
1964 Larry Young - Into Somethin'
1964 Grant Green - Street Of Dreams
1965 Grant Green - I Want To Hold Your Hand
1965 Grant Green - His Majesty King Funk
1965 Larry Young - Unity
1968 Larry Young - Heaven On Earth
1969 Larry Young - Mother Ship
1969 Tony Williams - Emergency!
1977 Joe Chambers - Double Exposure

An in-depth article about Larry Young is also included:
'Larry Young's Tragic Genius', by Guy Sterling, 2003.

----------

MP3 format. All songs are tagged by the book.

If you encounter errors during the file sharing, please, place this material as close to the root of the hard disk as possible and restart the file sharing (e.g. as close as possible to C: in Windows). This is in order to make the path (drive, directory and filename) as short as possible. Operating systems have limits regarding how long a path including the filename can be, and if this limit is exceeded there will be errors.

----------
