Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Who Says" is the thirteenth single released by American singer-songwriter John Mayer, and the first to be released from his fourth studio album, Battle Studies. It is Mayer's first studio recorded single release since "Say" in 2007. On September 25, 2009, "Who Says" was released on John Mayer's official website.

The song’s music video shows images of Mayer clubbing and dining out at night-time paired with scenes of him alone in his apartment, cleaning up and noodling on his guitar. Referencing the video, Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly asked "Who says the life of a rock star--sexy entourage, late-night pool parties, nubile young things dancing on banquettes--is just a mask for acoustic ennui? John Mayer, that's who," and gave the video a "B".

Critical reception of "Who Says" was mixed; though most praised the song musically, some were skeptical of Mayer's explicit reference to drug use. Crystal Bell of Billboard magazine gave a favorable review from the song, saying, "'Who Says' balances Mayer's signature velvety tone with a more stripped-down, folk-inspired arrangement." She added, "Mayer may not be speaking in grandiose terms about changing the world or marveling over a woman's beauty, but maybe that's the point." Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly said of the single "Mayer channels Cat Stevens, Jason Mraz, and every camp counselor you ever had on this soft-rockin' celebration of women, wild times, and getting stoned." and gave the song a "B".

On the week ending October 31, 2009, "Who Says" debuted at #17 on the Billboard Hot 100, making it his sixth top twenty hit and third highest-charting single on the Hot 100 to date. However, it also marks his lowest-charting single to date on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart, peaking at #19, thus snapping a recent streak of five consecutive singles to reach the Top Ten on the format. By the week ending November 21, 2009, the song had reached number one on Billboard's Triple A chart. With this single, Mayer tied Jack Johnson for most Triple A number ones (six) among male artists.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

