Californication is an American comedy-drama that premiered on Showtime on August 13, 2007. The show was created by Tom Kapinos. The protagonist, Hank Moody (David Duchovny), is a troubled novelist whose move to California, coupled with his writer's block, complicates his relationships with his long time girlfriend Karen (Natascha McElhone) and daughter Becca (Madeleine Martin). Californication's other main characters are Charlie Runkle (Evan Handler), Marcy Runkle (Pamela Adlon), and Mia Cross (Madeline Zima). The show has been nominated and won several awards, including winning one Emmy Award (nominated for two others) and one Golden Globe Award (nominated for three others). Californication has aired for three complete seasons. Due to strong ratings for the third season premiere, Showtime renewed the show early for a fourth season.[1] Season four began filming in April 2010 and will premiere January 10, 2011 at 9:00PM Central Time.

The series revolves around Hank Moody, a charming ladies' man of a writer and novelist plagued by personal demons. He blames his years-long case of writer's block on a variety of reasons, ranging from the hedonism of Los Angeles to his girlfriend Karen leaving him. Hank constantly deals with the consequences of his lack of will to say "no" to available drugs, sex and alcohol, while trying to show his family that he can be a good, responsible caring father to Becca and a monogamous partner to Karen.
The show was renewed for a second season on September 7, 2007.[4] The season 1 finale, titled "The Last Waltz", originally aired on Showtime on October 29, 2007. Season 2 began filming in April 2008,[5] and was underway as of June 2008.[6] The premiere episode of season 2 aired September 28, 2008. The first season was released on DVD in the US on June 17, 2008. Showtime renewed Californication for a third season,[7] which premiered on Sunday September 27, 2009 at 10PM.

In Season 2 (September 28-December 14, 2008), the newly reunited couple of Hank and Karen seems to be working out, their house is on the market, and Becca seems happy again. Hank gets a vasectomy and attends a party invited by Sonja, a woman he had sex with in Season 1. A mistake and a fight with an obnoxious police officer lands Hank in jail, where he meets Lew Ashby, world-famous record producer, who commissions Hank to write his biography.
Charlie loses his job because of masturbating in his office several times and becomes the paternal figure and agent of a porn star named Daisy. Charlie decides to get into the porn industry and finances the porn movie Vaginatown, starring Daisy. Marcy goes into rehab for her cocaine addiction, and Charlie starts an affair with Daisy. Hank proposes to Karen on the night they discover Hank could be the father of Sonja's child, and Karen says, "No". Karen decides she and Hank can't be together, leading Hank to go back to his old ways and continuing the show's centrality on clandestine sexuality.
Hank moves in with Ashby, who starts a romance with Mia (much to Hank's dismay). Becca finds a boyfriend named Damien. Mia's book becomes a hit; and Ashby holds a party in its honor, where Damien cheats on Becca and Charlie decides to divorce Marcy to get together with Daisy. After the party, Hank sees that Ashby's old girlfriend (The One That Got Away) has finally showed up to see Lew. When Hank goes upstairs to get him, Ashby dies after snorting heroin, which he had mistaken for cocaine.
Hank finishes Ashby's biography. Charlie ends up working in a BMW dealership in the Valley. Sonja's baby is born and is biracial, making it clear that Hank cannot be the father. Hank and Karen are slowly starting to get together again. Karen is offered a job in New York; and Hank is happy to go back to New York with her; but, when Damien apologizes to Becca and the two get back together again, Hank decides it would be wrong to take Becca out of Los Angeles. He decides to stay, while Karen starts her job in New York. The season closes with Karen's plane leaving for New York and Hank and Becca walking on the Venice boardwalk.

Source - DvDRiP

Encoded using Handbrake.

Remember to seed atleast 1:1 and comment on the quality of the files.