Finally! My beautiful woman is back and she is such a gallant hermit at arcane arts so, I'm totally back from the dead and now I'm ready for something bigger than I mentioned before. Some of you remembers how I told you that I was going ot make a huge category ofr a lot of files but now I have nearly %99.99 of every great torrent and some of my own stuff mixed up in it too -.- but compared to the idelat v2.0 before this is like the rip of entire virtual net world for all that "misc." stuff that are the most interesting.


The problem is that I am finishing those alls download soon and hopefully if I will be able to participate in PLW project it will be much easier for me sahre all of these stuff hence the torrent and rest. However up until the time that I am accepted to that project, I will only take request to seed from you guys and I will be more like a dead torrent reviver so I will only seed dead torrents the ones which has seed no more than 3. Because it would pretty much fuck up my HDD if you think about seeding nearly 2000 torrents for all over the word at the same time and mine is just a home user notebook =__= not a dA server or something so be patient until the torrents you want are dead, hah. So till I start to PLW project and start sending them if you want any of the torrents inside to be seed(ed?) just copy the name of it below in the comments and then I will start seeding it. Now, I need to return to my daily life and finish my two projects as a college student, blah x_x


I wish you all a peacefully perfected week,
M.

P.S. Thanks to the TPB's huge file uploading failure system I cannot upload torrents seperately so I cannot show you the files inside either but believe me, I guaretnee you won't be disappointed, AT ALL. Alll credits goes to famous TPB users such as Lestat969, bitchtorrent, red_gonzo, (digimob), melvinos and many amny many more.

Edit;

For the ones who are not patient enough I have uploaded this towith the same name(holly molly.rar) but I don't guarentee you that rapid will always keep the file or let it you download more than 10 times, unlike me.

Be wise.