Hard Disk Sentinel Pro 2.80.3083 Incl. Key

Hard Disk Sentinel (HDSentinel) is a multi-OS HDD monitoring and HDD analysis 
application. Its goal is to find, test, diagnose and repair hard disk drive problems, 
report and display HDD health, performance degradations and failures. Hard Disk 
Sentinel gives complete textual description, tips and displays/reports the most 
comprehensive information about the HDD inside the computer or in an external 
enclosure (USB / e-SATA). Many different alerts and report options are available 
to ensure maximum safety of your valuable data. 

Hard Disk Sentinel monitors hard disk drive / HDD status, including health, 
temperature and all S.M.A.R.T. (Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology, 
built in most hard disks today) values for each hard disks. Also it measures the hard 
disk transfer speed in real time which can be used as a benchmark or to detect 
possible hard disk failures, performance degradations. 

HDSentinel is the perfect data protection solution: it can be effectively used to 
prevent HDD failure and HDD data loss because it has the most sensitive hard disk 
health rating system which is extremely sensitive to disk problems. This way even 
a small HDD problem can't be missed. The Professional version has scheduled and 
automatic (on-problem) disk backup options to prevent data loss caused by not only 
failure but by malware or accidental delete also. 

Easy to use interface 
All information are displayed in the main window of the application. Quick controls 
allow easy navigation to access all hard disks, partitions and different information. 
Intuitive user interface elements display information by using green/yellow/red color 
to indicate the level of problem. Detailed text description and context sensitive help 
guides the user thru the features and options. 

1. Install > 2. Configure > 3. Stay protected 
Just install, configure alerts and backup options and your system is now safe. 
You'll be notified about the problems - but if everything is correct, Hard Disk Sentinel 
just sits on tray and displays current status. The data is protected 24 hours daily, 
7 days a week. 

Instant S.M.A.R.T. analysing 
Hard Disk Sentinel can communicate with IDE, Serial ATA, SCSI and some special 
USB hard disks to detect their status and temperature. Disk status are displayed 
immediately as you launch the application, there is no need to analyse disks for a 
long period. It displays the current and maximum temperature for the hard disk. 
It reads all general and vendor-specific attributes and monitor their values. 
For advanced users, all raw data are displayed also including power-on time and 
number of read/write errors. Hard Disk Sentinel interprets the performance and fitness 
related S.M.A.R.T. values and displays the calculated Performance and Health 
percentage, total power on time and estimated lifetime remaining. 

Disk status in Windows Explorer 
 
View the current health status and used space in Windows 
Explorer or in any other application, so you'll always know the 
amount of used space for each partitions and the disk condition. 
Hard disk health and used space displayed on disk icons 

Information on demand 
Current hard disk temperatures and health can be displyed on the system tray, 
in a small status window and on the desktop itself. Average and maximum 
temperatures are logged for all hard disks and these informations are displayed 
in graphs for statistical purposes. 

Hard Disk Hardware Testing 
By using Hard Disk Sentinel, it is possible to start hardware hard disk self tests. 
These tests can be used to effectively find all hard disk problems because built-in 
hardware methods are used to verify hard disk components (for example heads, 
servo, internal buffer in the Short self test). The Extended self test also verifies the 
complete disk surface, finds and repairs all "weak" areas and re-allocates the possible 
bad sectors. This is not possible with the software-based disk surface scan methods 
(for example, by using scandisk). 

Logging 
Hard Disk Sentinel logs all degradations in all SMART parameters. For example, 
if a new uncorrectable sector is found on your hard disk, you will be notified. 

Alerts 
Hard Disk Sentinel can make different kind of alerts upon different problems. 
It can execute various tasks (even external applications) in case of a problem. 
There is an option to send daily emails about current status. 

Hard Disk Details 
Detects and displays every information about the hard disk, from the revision number 
and buffer size to all features it has. The maximum available and current transfer 
modes are also displayed. 

Hard Disk Performance 
Logs how much data were read from or written to the hard disk. Displays current 
transfer rates for both reading and writing and estimates the maximum available 
(theoretical) transfer rate for a particular hard disk. 

Hard Disk Partitions 
Displays partitions for each physical hard disks and type and usage informations 
about them so you cannot run out of space. Hard Disk Sentinel sends this information 
automatically in alert/status messages. 

Shutdown 
It offers option to shut down the computer on failure, overheat or parameter 
degradation. This option can be used to prevent further data loss. 

Acoustic Management 
Offers option to control the acoustic level of IDE/S-ATA hard disk. It is possible 
to increase performance or make the disks more silent. Unique feature: control the 
acoustic level of your external USB hard disk (if your USB enclosure is built around 
Cypress AT2+ chip). 

Clock Synchronization 
It offers option to synchronize the PC clock with an atomic clock via NTP (Network Time Protocol). 

Backup 
In the Professional version, wide range of backup methods are available: to backup data to local computer, to a LAN server or to a remote FTP (or to a mail) server. 
It is even possible to use 3rd party tools to create archives or burn media. 
Hard Disk Sentinel can manage power status of remote computers in the network. 
