Dave Matthews Band - Before These Crowded Streets (EAC FLAC)      
 
all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs1 /14 files 

Category Rock, Alternative, Rock/Pop 
Label RCA 
Orig Year 1998 
All Time Sales Rank 339 
CD Universe Part number 1111921 
Catalog number 67660 
Discs 1 
Release Date Apr 28, 1998 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Steve Lillywhite 
Engineer Stephen Harris; Steve Harris 
Personnel Dave Matthews - acoustic guitar, vocals 
Brenda White-King 
Carter Beauford - drums, percussion, background vocals 
Boyd Tinsley - violin 
Leroi Moore - pennywhistle, bass clarinet, soprano saxophone, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone 
Stefan Lessard - bass 
Joan Jeanrenaud - cello 

1. Pantala Naga Pampa 
2. Rapunzel 
3. Last Stop, The 
4. Don't Drink the Water 
5. Stay (Wasting Time) 
6. Halloween 
7. Stone, The 
8. Crush 
9. Dreaming Tree, The 
10. Pig 
11. Spoon 

BEFORE THESE CROWDED STREETS was nominated for the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Rock Album. "Crush" was nominated for the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal. 

BEFORE THESE CROWDED STREETS is a true groove ... Full Descriptionsalad, as the D.M.B. reports in with even more creative eclecticism than usual. Guest appearances by artists as varied as Alanis Morissette, Bela Fleck and Kronos Quartet are a testament to the collage of sounds present. Occasional ventures into Middle Eastern melodicism feel as natural a part of the band's sound as do its mellow folk grooves and funky rhythm flights. The lyrics are a glad swirl of pop storytelling and trippy mystery, brought to life by the usual confluence of saxophones, violin and precise guitar work that makes this group tick. 

Over a fat backbeat, Matthews carries the clever, sultry lyrics of "Rapunzel" with a whimsical vocal blend of growls and falsetto jumps, culminating in a soprano rhapsody by hornman Leroi Moore. The funk-vamp "Stay" makes you want to do just that, featuring a joyous gospel chorus and peppery, staccato horn lines. Excellent, frenetic bowing by Kronos Quartet couples with Matthews' quick picking to drive "The Stone" to a 6/8 fury, only to be resolved with delicate grace. Morisette's lilt and Fleck's colorful banjo wrap this excellent album up tastefully on "Spoon." 

Recorded at the Record Plant, Sausalito, California and Electric Lady Studios, New York, New York. 

Kronos Quartet: David Harrington, John Sherba (violin); Hank Dutt (viola); Joan Jeanrenaud (cello). 

Personnel: Dave Matthews (vocals, acoustic guitar); Alanis Morissette (vocals); Tim Reynolds (electric guitar, mandolin); Béla Fleck (banjo); David Harrington, John Sherba, Boyd Tinsley (violin); Hank Dutt (viola); Joan Jeanrenaud (cello); LeRoi Moore (pennywhistle, bass clarinet, soprano saxophone, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone); John D'earth (trumpet); Butch Taylor (piano, organ); Greg Howard (Chapman stick); Carter Beauford (drums, percussion, background vocals); Brenda White-King, Cindy Myzelle, Tawatha Agee (background vocals). 

Audio Mixer: Steve Lillywhite. 

Recording information: Electric Lady Studios, New York, NY; Plant Recording Studio, Sausalito, CA. 

Ensemble: Kronos Quartet. 

udp://tracker.prq.to:80/announce 

 
http://genesis.1337x.org:1337/announce 
 
http://nemesis.1337x.org/announce 
 
http://tracker.bittorrent.am:80/announce 
 
http://tracker.bittorrent.am/announce 
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80/announce 
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
 
