Caroline Herring is a country and folk singer-songwriter. Born in Canton, Mississippi, she has lived in Oxford, Mississippi and Austin, Texas, but now lives in Atlanta with her son, daughter, and husband. Many of her songs deal with slavery and her Mississippi upbringing. She co-created Thacker Mountain Radio[1], a literary and musical hour that broadcasts out of a bookstore in Oxford, MS, that is still syndicated on Mississippi Public Radio.

Audio CD (November 10, 2009) 
Original Release Date: November 10, 2009 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Signature Sounds 
ASIN: B002QF324I 

1. Tales of the Islander 
 2. Turn Upon the Hill, A 
 3. True Colors 
 4. Long Black Veil 
 5. Dozens, The 
 6. See See Rider 
 7. Cactus Tree 
 8. Abuelita 
 9. Little Bit of Mercy, A 
 10. Song of the Wandering Aengus 
 11. Great Unknown, The 
 12. Wild Rose, The 

5 bonus tracks

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed

Caroline Herring's fourth album Golden Apples of the Sun is her most intimate and mature to date. Combing haunting originals with some surprising new takes on old standards, Herring has created an album that at once recalls the folk heyday of the 1960s and 70s while also sounding entirely fresh and new. 
Herring has built a name for herself by crafting in-depth story songs. Her last release, Lantana, was named by National Public Radio as one of the "Top Ten Best Folk Albums for 2008." While critics have long praised the purity and complexity of her voice, drawing comparisons to Joan Baez and Kate Wolf, the vocal performances on Golden Apples of the Sun are as comfortable and intimate as any Herring has produced. It is the most true to stage release of her career, and Herring gives credit to producer David "Goody" Goodrich, who crafted the stripped-down sound in the Signature Sounds studio in Connecticut. Armed primarily with just her guitar and live vocals, the finished product has all the marks of a fully developed artist and performer. 

Perhaps the most unique and unexpected aspect of the new album is the tribute Herring pays to iconic folk songstresses who influenced her. Herring's work has always been identified with the traditions of her native South, yet on Golden Apples of the Sun Herring filters the sounds and inspiration of Joni Mitchell and Judy Collins through her own distinctive musical sensibilities. Long-time Herring fans are sure to appreciate her interpretive abilities. Her inspired reinterpretations bring new life to Mitchell's "Cactus Tree" as well as the traditional bluegrass tune "Long Black Veil" and the blues classic "See See Rider." Herring also tackles "True Colors," a song made famous by Cyndi Lauper, giving a newfound strength and directness to the pop song. 

