mastitorrents.com
 
http://mastitorrents.com/forums/index.php

Director Sreedhar's Kannada movie Karanji is a music oriented film, which is meant for the youths. He has scripted the film on a thin story line. He has chosen five newcomers along with actor Vijayaraghavendra. Karanji is produced by Suresh NM.

Buzz up!Karanji deals with the journey of a Kannada music band. Although the movie has predictable storyline, it engages the audience. The narration and dialogues are very simple. The film appeals to the youth audience in a big way. But lack of comedy and action sequences make it a weak one for other categories of audience.

Vijayaraghavendra's performance, Veera Samarth's music and Guruprashanth Rai's cinematography are the main attractions of the movie Karanji. It's slow pace and weak characterisations are the biggest drawbacks of the film. There are many inadequate sequences, which do not convey anything and hinder the movement of the story.

Viji and his five other friends form a Kannada music band, but they fail to face the competition. Disappointed friends move out to Viji's village, where they meet a music teacher. How the music teacher changes their lives will form the core of the movie.

Vijayaraghavendra rocks the show with his performance, but Sur fame Gauri Karnik could have performed even better. Although Sudha Belawadi and Sridhar excel in their respective roles, weak characterisation spoils their image.

Veera Samarth's sensational music is another hero in the movie. His music is really soothing and melodious. Almost all the songs in the movie will impress the audience. Karanji comes alive in the song sequences. Guruprashanth Rai's camera work is another highlight of Karanji.


Music lovers should not miss the movie Karanji.



Karanji - A musical fountain!



Debutant music director Veer Samarth has done 'Samarth' music for 'Karanji' a full length musical film with 12 songs. This is the film album that should be in your cupboards because of the wonderful mixture of 'Desi and Videsi' music measured well. Music director Veera Samarth has picked some philosophical songs, the old number from Kannada films and remixed with more foot tapping style.

'Karanji' a film produced by N.M.Suresh in Thulaja Bhavani Cine Creations is based on the musical band story directed by debutant Sridhar. Vijaya Raghavendra and Gauri Karnic play lead roles in this film 'Karanji' that has a caption 'Spirit of Youth…Spirit of Life'.

The usage of key boards, guitars, harmonium, mandolin, violin, flute is very good, the mixing and mastering done at AL Thukaram at 'Kalasa Studio Chennai is impressive.

Kumbaraki ki…Brahmandavella thumbikondiruva ki ki…of Santha Shishunala Sharief is having lot of meaning and it is philosophical. This is sung by Sukhvinder Singh very melodiously. This song is repeated in the CD of the film 'Karanji'.
E Dina Hosadaagidhe….sung by Karthik is a song with full of feelings.
Ninna Halllige Hallakke Bidde….sung by Raghu Dixit is in high pitch that explains the environs of the village.
Thampu Gaalige….by Hariharan, Fayaz Khan Kushala and Bombay Jayashri is a fast number.
Nadhadimpu Hoovu Kampu …by young Apoorva Sridhar is very melodious and soothing to the ears. The song is only in two stanzas but rendered very well.
The title track 'Karaanji'….by Santosh Vijayaraj is fast paced.
The yesteryears song made familiar by Mysore Ananthaswamy Kolike Ranga Naanu Kolike Ranga…..is a fun filled song and tongue twisting to sing. This was penned by late TP Kailasam.
Yaaru Hadatha by Hariharan is the best melody of the album.
But the meaningful of all the songs is Muridha Maradha rambe Mele Hakiyondu Kulithu… well sung by Vijayaprkash and Apoorva.
The rock band song of a Dr.Rajakumar film 'Kasthuri Nivasa' Aadisi Nodu Bilisi Nodu….is only musical with no vocal mix.
Nammura santheli Mussanje Hottalli….is again a remix from the yesteryears Kannada film 'Gaali Mathu' sung by Veer Samarth and Sridevi Melagatti.
There is an alaap from Supriya Ramakrishna the 13th one in the album.
The last song of the album is once again a remix song of olden hit Sutta Muttalhalu Sanje Gattalu….sung by Gurukiran is a peppy one. This is an entertaining song.
Besides Santha Shishunala Sharief, Chi Udayashanker and TP Kailasam songs Satish Tiptur, Raghavendra Kamath, NK Hanumanthaiah, Sridhar, HS Venkateshwamurthy and SS Kulkarni have also penned lyrics for the film 'Karanji'.

Anand Audio has released the Audio CD and Cassettes of the film 'Karanji' to the market.


Banner:-Thulaja Bhavani Cine Creations
Cast:-Vijaya Raghavendra, Gauri Karnic, Chandrasekar, Vijaya Sarathi, Sudha Belawadi, Aravind Shridhar, Raj, Muktha Nanjunda, Chandan Barthur, Sudhindra, Swathi, Mamatha, Nisha, Archana, Hema, Anjana, N.M.Suresh (Special Appearance) And Many Other's...
Music:-Veer Samarth
Production:-N.M.Suresh
Concieved & Direction:-Sridhar 