 http://bayimg.com/faDmbAAcf

Fluid Mechanics and Machinery Second Edition by Kothandaraman, C.P.,Rudramoorthy
Publisher: New Age Int. May, 2007 | 614 Pages | ISBN: 8122419755 | PDF

The text provides the following:Guidance in building of physical and mathematical models. Numerical examples for each of the equations derived numbering more than 100. Sketches and illustrations numbering more than 200. Solved problems to highlight whole spectrum of applications numbering more than 400. Objective questions for self evaluation numbering more than 700. Graded problems for exercise mostly with answers, numbering more than 450.Stress on validation of numerical results by counter checking.


Preface:
This book Basic Fluid Mechanics is revised and enlarged by the addition of four chapters on Hydraulic Machinery and is now titled as Fluid Mechanics and Machinery. The authors hope this book will have a wider scope.
This book will be suitable for the courses on Fluid Mechanics and Machinery of the various branches of study of Anna University and also other Indian universities and the Institution of Engineers (India).
Professor Obert has observed in his famous treatise on Thermodynamics that concepts are better understood by their repeated applications to real life situations. A firm conviction of this principle has prompted the author to arrange the text material in each chapter in the following order.
In the first section after enunciating the basic concepts and laws, physical and mathematical models are developed leading to the formulation of relevant equations for the determination of outputs. Simple and direct numerical examples are included to illustrate the basic laws. More stress is on the model development as compared to numerical problems. A section titled “SOLVED PROBLEMS” comes next. In this section more involved derivations and numerical problems of practical interest are solved. The investigation of the effect of influencing parameters for the complete spectrum of values is attempted here. Problems involving complex situations are shown solved in this section. It will also illustrate the range of values that may be expected under different situations. Two important ideas are stressed in this section. These are (1) checking for dimensional homogeneity in the case of all equations derived before these equations can be used and (2) The validation of numerical answers by cross checking. This concept of validation in professional practice is a must in all design situations. In the next section a large number of objective type questions with answers are given.
These are very useful for understanding the basics and resolving misunderstandings. In the final section a large number of graded exercise problems involving simple to complex situations, most of them with answers, are included. The material is divided into sixteen chapters. The first chapter deals in great detail with properties of fluids and their influence on the operation of various equipments. The next chapter discusses the determination of variation of pressure with depth in stationary and moving fluids. The third chapter deals with determination of forces on surfaces in contact with stationary fluids. Chapter four deals with buoyant forces on immersed or floating bodies and the importance of metacentric height on stability. In chapter five basic fluid flow concepts and hydrodynamics are discussed.
Energy equations and the variation of flow parameters along flow as well as pressure loss due to friction are dealt with in chapter six. In chapter seven flow in closed conduits including flow in pipe net work are discussed.
Dimensional analysis and model testing and discussed in a detailed manner in chapters eight and nine. Boundary layer theory and determination of forces due to fluid flow on bodies are dealt with in chapter ten.
In chapter eleven various flow measuring methods and instruments are described. Flow in open channels is dealt with in detail in chapter twelve. Chapter thirteen deals with dynamics of fluid flow in terms force exerted on surface due to change of momentum along the flow on the surface. Chapter fourteen deals with the theory of turbo machines as applied to the different type of hydraulic turbines. The working of centrifugal and axial flow pumps is detailed in chapter fifteen. The last chapter sixteen discusses the working of reciprocating and other positive displacement pumps. The total number of illustrative worked examples is around five hundred. The objective questions number around seven hundred. More than 450 exercise problems with answers are also included. The authors thank all the professors who have given very useful suggestions for the
improvement of the book.


About the Author:
C.P. Kothandaraman, B.E. (Hons.) M.S., Ph.D., F.I.E., started his teaching career as lecturer in Mechanical Engineering in 1958 at the P.S.G. College of Technology. After promotion as a professor in 1967, he continued to work for the college until his retirement in 1991 as a vice principal.

His subject areas are: Heat Transfer, Thermal Science and Engineering, Fluid Mechanics, Refrigeration and Air Conditioning, Solar Energy and Bio-gas Applications. Since 1985, he has also guided teaching of CAD/CAM subjects. He is now engaged in providing consultation in the design of heat exchangers, dryers, boilers and dust collection equipment.


R. Rudramoorthy, B.E. (Hons.), M.E., Ph.D., F.I.E., is working as Principal, P.S.G. College of Technology. His subject areas are Fluid Mechanics, Refrigeration and Air Conditioning and Thermal Engineering.

He has also published a book on Thermal Engineering with another publisher. He is actively involved in research in addition to the administrative work. He has published a number of technical papers in international and national journals. He is also involved with sponsored research projects with funding from various agencies.

Contents:
Physical Properties of FluidsPressure Distribution in FluidsForces on Surfaces Immersed in FluidsBuoyancy Forces and Stability of Floating BodiesFluid Flow-Basic Concepts-HydrodynamicsBernoulli Equation and ApplicationsFlow in Closed Conduits (Pipes)Dimensional AnalysisSimilitude and Model TestingBoundary Layer Theory and Flow Over SurfacesFlow MeasurementsFlow in Open ChannelsDynamics of Fluid FlowHydraulic TurbinesRotodynamic PumpsReciprocating Pumps

Audience: Chemical,Civil Engineering,New Releases,Bestsellers,Mechanical,Common to all branches