Talking Heads - Little Creatures (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s
# of Discs 1 / 12 files 


Category  Rock, Pop, Alternative, Rock/Pop, New Wave 
Label  Sire 
Orig Year  1985 
All Time Sales Rank    8382   
CD Universe Part number  1100047 
Catalog number  25305 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Oct 25, 1990 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Talking Heads 
Engineer  Eric "E.T." Thorngren 
Recording Time  38 minutes 
Personnel  David Byrne - guitar, vocals
Jerry Harrison - keyboards, guitar, background vocals
Tina Weymouth - bass, background vocals
Chris Frantz - drums

Also: Lenny Pickett, Lani Groves, Eric Weissberg, Diva Gray, Gordon Grody, Steve Scales, Nana Vasconcelos, Ellen Bernfeld, Erin Dickens, Andrew "El Pantalones" Cader, Jimmy Macdonell, Kurt Yahijian 

After the abstract funk experimentation of REMAIN IN LIGHT and SPEAKING IN TONGUES, the Heads decided to return to their roots with LITTLE CREATURES. They abandoned the modal, polyrhythmic approach in favor of the two-guitars/4/4 pop structures ...    Full Descriptionof yore. While LITTLE CREATURES is the band's most accessible, radio-friendly album, it's not a step backwards by any means, because as they return to the quirky "new wave" style that made them famous, they bring a well-earned sophistication (both harmonic and lyrical) to the table. These advances allow the band to knock out a crop of winners, like the anti-anthem "Road To Nowhere," the semi-mystical (but still damn catchy) "And She Was" and the we've-got-a-baby-now, let's-party-with-him rocker "Stay Up Late." Nothing here is as groundbreaking as BUILDINGS AND FOOD, but it's still the Talking Heads, full of idiosyncratic charm and smart-but-infectious tunes.

Recorded at Sigma Sound, New York, New York.

Talking Heads: David Byrne (guitar, vocals); Jerry Harrison (keyboards, guitar, background vocals); Tina Weymouth (bass, background vocals); Chris Frantz (drums).

 1. And She Was  
 2. Give Me Back My Name    
 3. Creatures of Love   
 4. Lady Don't Mind, The   
 5. Perfect World  
 6. Stay up Late   
 7. Walk It Down 
 8. Television Man   
 9. Road to Nowhere   
 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce
