On The Town With The League Of Gentlemen - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC7 via DVB-T
6 x 30 minute episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


On The Town was The League Of Gentlemen's BBC Radio 4 Show Set in the fictional town of Spent..

The League of Gentlemen is primarily a sitcom, albeit an unusual one. It consists of a series of sketches which come together to form an overall story. Since all the action takes place, and nearly all the characters live, in the same village, there is much overlap, and the events and characters of one story play a part in the lives of others, much as in a soap opera. There is usually a main plot to which the minor stories tend to be tenuously connected.

In the radio series, the plot involved outsider Benjamin Denton visiting his aunt and uncle in Spent to be interviewed for a job at the local power plant. 
Not surprisingly, he missed the interview and was forced to stay longer than expected.

On The Town was first aired on Radio 4 on 6th November 1997.



Characters

Reece Shearsmith 

Benjamin Denton - Media student & Nephew of Val & Harvey Denton
Bernice Woodall - Spent FM DJ and agony aunt. Hates everyone and everything
Ross Gaines - The intellegent one in Paulines Restart
Geoff Tipps - Works at the plastics factory. Can't tell jokes
Reg Ingley - Tiny shop keeper. He can fit on top of a wedding cake and.. in a condom...
The Answerphone Man - He's trying to get in touch with his big woman who's always out. But he's in, he's always in...

Steve Pemberton 

Sister Meg - Rather naughty nun
Pauline Campbell-Jones - Nasty restart officer. Obsessed with pens
Mike Harris - Geoff's boss at the plastics factory
Harvey Denton - Ben's uncle. Obsessed with toads and cleanliness
Farmer jed Tinsel - Owns Ten Acre fields. Calls out Dr Chinnery to put down one of his dogs... 

Mark Gatiss 

Guard - Works in the train station which is about to close down
Mickey M Michaels - Pant wetting simplton on the restart course
Brian Morgan - Another work colleague and friend of Geoff and Mike
Val Denton - Ben's Auntie. Also obsessed with cleanliness and certain stains...
Dr Matthew Chinnery - Spents tragic vet. He is suppose to cure the animals but...
Waiter - Indian man works at Shebab's restaurant


On The Town With The League Of Gentlemen - S01 - E01 - Guest At The Dentons
On The Town With The League Of Gentlemen - S01 - E02 - Death By Mau Mau
On The Town With The League Of Gentlemen - S01 - E03 - Go To Joan Glover
On The Town With The League Of Gentlemen - S01 - E04 - Gunpowder, Treason And Plot 
On The Town With The League Of Gentlemen - S01 - E05 - A Kind Of Loving
On The Town With The League Of Gentlemen - S01 - E06 - God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen




Audio Format : MP3
Duration Approx : 28mn 54s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits



[b]
A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them.

There is little point in downloading a "Torrent" and then recreating a "Torrent" using the same files.

The fact there was a torrent for you to download is clear you don't need to use the files to make another exactly the same version,

All you will do is split seeders over 2 torrents with the "same" files and make both have less seeders.



[/b]
