Great album, enjoy!

Track listing: 

1 - 4AM
2 - Irene
3 - Family Plot
4 - Hitgirl
5 - So Long
6 - Down But Not Out
7 - Just The Thought Of You
8 - The Biggest Hand
9 - Better Of Me
10 - Downtown
11 - Pedal To The Right


“Throat punching country rock.” That's how The Vanishers, a Burlington based pop-punk-rockabilly 5-piece, describe their infectious brand of toe-tapping rock and roll. Gary Kuiper, Brian Kuiper and Paul McGrath have been honing their countrypunk sound since 2005 and after a couple iterations have pieced together a stellar lineup including Darrel Lascelles on bass and Paul Pengelly on vocals.

The Kuiper Cousins (Gary – guitar, Brian – drums) and McGrath (guitar) have been playing together for more than 10 years, with dabbles into the punk, pop rock and alternative genres. The band got a little bit of recognition when their music was featured in a commercial for Ripzone international and have shared stages with notable Canadian acts such as The Tea Party, The Pursuit of Happiness, 54-40 and Headstones. In October 2009 The Vanishers opened for Th' Legendary Shack Shakers in the Shakers' sole Canadian gig of 2009.

Lascelles and Pengelly have been bouncing around Southern Ontario in various original and cover bands, waiting for this first foray into country/rockabilly. “I've always enjoyed rocking Elvis and Cash tunes on my own, but I didn't know I would find a group of guys who wanted to take a ramped up version of those tunes live”, says Pengelly.

The guys have been toiling away in McGrath's basement since the summer of 2008 getting a show ready to hit the streets. “It's not about perfection. Rock and Roll is about attitude and energy.” Two things The Vanishers have in spades. No wonder, with influences like The Stray Cats, Johnny Cash, The Living End and Social Distortion. “Our influences are really coming out in the new stuff. I’s just really fun to play! We dig hearing music that hasn't been tainted by the major labels which I guess is why we enjoy rockabilly so much.” The band also likes to drag main stream hits into the cowpoppunk sound. Versions of Prince's "Kiss” and U2's "Mysterious Ways” show the bands versatility and creativity.

The band has just finished laying down 12 tunes for their debut album, “The Biggest Hand” which will be available free through their website, or for a small fee at one of their many upcoming shows in Southern Ontario. Many of the songs (“4 AM”, “Family Plot”, “Down Not out” and “Hitgirl”) find a perfect mix of pop, rock and country. Other tunes pull in heavier on neighbouring genres, with “Better Of Me” calling on a bluesy Stray Cats like riff, and songs like “Irene” and "Pedal On The Right” drawing from a heavier, punk spectrum. No matter what genre or sub genre each individual track sits in, this album will make you want to get out of your chair and dance.

“This is a great band with great guys and I see with my magic eight ball nothing but a throat kicking, head butting good time! Don't forget your rock helmet.”