Artist: The Lost Dogs
Album: Old Angel
Released: 2010
Style: Blues Rock
Format: MP3 320Kbps
Size: 133 Mb


Tracklist:

01 - Israelites And Okies
02 - Dancin' On The Devil's Elbow
03 - Turn It Around
04 - The Glory Road
05 - America's Main Street
06 - Traveling Mercies
07 - Dust In My Bowl
08 - Pearl Moon (Hooverville Camp, 1932)
09 - The World Is Against Us
10 - Wicked Guns
11 - Goodbye Winslow
12 - Desert Flowers
13 - Dead End Diner
14 - Carry Me
15 - Old Angel


"It's been almost 20 years since these strays found each other, but The Lost Dogs haven't lost an ounce of the playfulness, songwriting chops and uniquely eclectic approach that made their debut so memorable." 

—Josh Jackson
Editor-in-Chief
Paste Magazine


"It’s my belief that Old Angel reintroduces listeners to the band the Lost Dogs, gives up one of the best offerings they’ve ever made and positions them as one of the best Americana rockers you’ve likely never heard." (popdose) 

"You don't so much listen to Old Angel as bask in its glow. It is a shimmering musical landscape mixing achingly beautiful melodies with a brilliant palette of musical styles and nuances. The album mixes influences ranging from old time rock'n'roll, folk, country, folk/rock, rockabilly, country/rock and Beach Boys harmonies into a cohesive whole." (Examiner.com) 

Old Angel, the latest project from the Lost Dogs (Terry Taylor, Mike Roe, Derri Daugherty and Steve Hindalong) is a 15-song audio travelogue of the group's pilgrimage down Route 66— and may very well be their crowning achievement. Every song on this new record is a snapshot out the RV window. Some are blurry, some are faded, but all bear the yellowed patina of something like grace. 

A wide-ranging musical palette of muscular modern rock tinged with old-timey Americana flavors reflects the ever-changing landscape as we tour the broken heartland with four master musicians and storytellers. The superlative songwriting from all four members, at times bordering on literature, covers an expansive time frame of American history from the Old West through the Great Depression to the day before yesterday. We are introduced to a diverse congregation of characters along this 2500-mile road trip: wandering Okies, homeless hobos, hope-filled Navajo children, brokenhearted waitresses and the legendary heroes of our common history. It’s an album of Polaroids, full of friends, family and otherwise unfamiliar faces, but by the end of the book, we know every story by heart. 

The trip down what’s left of America’s Main Street is equal parts wonder and squalor and the Santa Monica Pier is no New Jerusalem but these boys share the adventure like a family slideshow carousel. Through one of their finest musical efforts in a career full of high notes, they help us find the joy in our journeys. Sure, the dust storms and potholes leave us weathered and sore and the gaudy kitsch almost turns nostalgia into parody but those who have ears to hear and eyes to see glimpse the ghosts of former glories around every broken bend in the old highway. 

Thanks for the lift, boys. 

Tom Gulotta
Gulotta Creative Consulting


"For what it's worth...I don't like this...": nightissuchproximity


I'll upload it anyway