Kenny Chesney - All I Want For Christmas Is A Real Good Tan (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 / 13 files 


Category  Rock/Pop Albums, Country CDs, Christmas, Contemporary Country, Christmas/ Chanukkah 
Label  Bna Entertainment 
Orig Year  2003 
All Time Sales Rank    12000   
CD Universe Part number  6299526 
Catalog number  51808 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Oct 07, 2003 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Engineer  Chris Rowe; Billy Sherrill; Bob Bullock 
Personnel  Nashville String Machine - strings
Wes Hightower
Reggie Young - electric guitar
Paul Leim - drums, shaker, timbales, percussion
Mark Casstevens - ukulele
John Hobbs - piano, synthesizer
Pat Buchanan - electric guitar
Randy McCormick - piano, synthesizer, background vocals
Liana Manis
Gary Prim - Wurlitzer organ
 
No matter who you are, if you're a big enough country music star, sooner or later you're going to wind up making a Christmas album. So it was with Kenny Chesney and ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS. However, Chesney switched things up a bit by abandoning the usual reindeer-and-snowflakes motif in favor of a title song that finds him longing for a Yuletide island vacation a la Jimmy Buffett. The island sound even extends to an unconventional, calypso-style reworking of "Jingle Bells." Of course, Chesney's too savvy to leave his audience completely disoriented, so he includes a straightforward rendition of Willie Nelson's classic "Pretty Paper" with assistance from the red-headed stranger himself, and signs off with a faithful reading of "O Little Town of Bethlehem."

Recorded at Emerald Sound, Nashville, Tennessee and Pedernales Studio, Austin, Texas.

 1. All I Want for Christmas Is a Real Good Tan 
 2. Jingle Bells  
 3. I'll Be Home for Christmas   
 4. Christmas in Dixie   
 5. Thank God for Kids   
 6. Silver Bells   
 7. Just a Kid   
 8. Angel at the Top of My Tree, The   
 9. Pretty Paper    
 10. Silent Night  
 11. O Little Town of Bethlehem   
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce
