Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Crash Kings is the debut album by American rock band Crash Kings. Produced by Dave Sardy and released in May 2009, the album features the single "Mountain Man", which reached number one on the Alternative Songs chart in early 2010.

The album entered the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart in June 2009 and reached its peak position of number 30 in May 2010. Allmusic writer Stephen Thomas Erlewine compared the band's musical style as something between The White Stripes and Ben Folds Five, and remarked that the band leaned "a bit too heavily on the Folds part of the equation, loving his pounding eighth notes and clever-clever wit".  Erlewine added that Crash Kings are most intriguing "when they get loud, as they do on '14 Arms', or when they mimic the Whites' thud and caterwaul as they do on 'You Got Me' -- because that's when they don't seem like another politely pressed and pleasant piano pop band".

Crash Kings is an American rock trio formed in Los Angeles, California in 2006. The members are vocalist-keyboardist Tony Beliveau, his brother and bassist Mike Beliveau, and drummer Jason Morris. The band's self-titled debut album was released May 26, 2009 on Custard/Universal Motown. "Mountain Man", the band's first single, was released to U.S. modern rock radio stations in October, and entered Billboard's Alternative Songs  chart the following month. The band is known for using analog keyboards such as the Clavinet with distortion effects and a whammy bar in place of a typical lead guitar.

A few months after the band's formation, the band drew the attention of rock musician, songwriter, and record producer Linda Perry, who met with vocalist/keyboardist Tony Beliveau, and signed the group to her Custard Records label. After the band performed for Sylvia Rhone, president of Universal Music Group's Motown Records, Crash Kings were led to Dave Sardy, who produced the band's eponymous debut album for Custard/Universal Motown. Released on May 26, 2009, the album reached number 30 on Billboard's U.S. Top Heatseekers albums chart. The album's first single, "Mountain Man", entered the Billboard Alternative Songs chart in November and peaked at number one on March 28, 2010. The band has toured with such artists as Chris Cornell, Stone Temple Pilots, David Cook, Jet, The Bravery, Mason Jennings, and Rooney.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/