--About Roman--
Johan Helmich Roman (26 October 1694 in Stockholm - 20 November 1758 at Haraldsmåla, in the parish of Ryssby near the city of Kalmar, Sweden) was a Swedish Baroque composer. He has been called "the father of Swedish music", "the Swedish Händel" and the "Inovator and reformer of Swedish Church Music".

Roman spent six years (1715-1721) in London and there studied with Johann Christoph Pepusch and met Francesco Geminiani and the great Händel whose music he admired. Roman returned to Sweden at the age of 27 and was appointed Deputy Master and six years later became Chief Master at the Swedish Royal Orchestra. Aside from being a composer, he was a performer. The violin and oboe were his favorite instruments.

--The Swedish Mass (Then Svenska Messan)-- 
It is easy to hear Händel's influence upon Roman in this piece. The mass was first performed in 1752 at Ekeblad residence in Stockholm by the Royal Court Orchestra and Adolf Fredrik's private orchestra, bolstered by cantors from the churches of Stockholm and oboists from the military guards along with as many competetant amatuers as could be engaged. This was Roman's last large work for orchestra and choir.

This version is sung in the original Swedish and was recorded over two concerts during October 1983 in the Alfred Fredrik Church, Stockholm. It features the 'Alfred Fredrik Bach Choir' and the 'Drottningholm Baroque Ensemble' and three outstanding Swedish soloists (Mikael Samuelson: Baritone, Anne-Sofie von Otter: Mezzo-soprano, Hillevi Martinpelto: Soprano) - Conducted by Anders Öhrwall.

--Track List (English)--
01 Lord, Have Mercy On Us
02 Glory To God In The Highest
03 And On Earth Peace
04 We Praise Thee
05 We Give thanks To Thee
06 Lord God
07 Heavenly King
08 Son Of The Father, Only Begotten
09 Lord God, Lamb Of God
10 Thou Who Sittest At The Right Hand Of God Our father
11 Thou Who Takest Away The Sins
12 For Thou Only Art Holy
13 With The Holy Spirit


--Track Detail (Swedish)--
KYRIE
01 Choir: Herre förbarma tig

GLORIA
02 Choir: Ära vare Gud
03 Choir: Och frid på jordene
04 Aria (Soprano): Vi lofve tig
05 Choir: Vi tacke tig
06 Aria (Soprano, Alto) & Choir: O Herrre Gud himmelske konung
07 Aria (Soprano): O Herre Gud himmelske konung 
08 Aria & Duet (Soprano, Alto): O Herre thens aldra högstes enfödde Son 
09 Aria (Alto): O Herre Gud Guds Lamb 
10 Duet (Soprano, Baritone): Tu som sitter på Fadrens högra hand
11 Choir: Tu som borttager världenes synder
12 Choir: Ty tu äst allena helig
13a. Choir: Med den helga Anda
13b. Choir: I Guds Faders härlighet