Rouge Galaxy for the Ps2                                        Rel. 01/30/2007


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        RPG
Conversion:    DVD9 To DVD5 Rip
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with WinRar, Game was tested and works. 
Try 7zip its free google it, if you don't have WinRar.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


Release Notes - This is Rouge Galaxy Ripped from DVD9 To DVD5 Format. Some things 
                were left out from the rip in order for it to work on a DVD5, the
                Staff Credits of the game and replays of the opening FMV removed 
                but everything else is intact. This version is working and doesn't
                crash you can play thru chapter 7 to the end without any problems.


Important - There is a small delay after the ps2 logo and game loads just be 
            patient nothing to worry about.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Game Description:

Rogue Galaxy is the North American and European localized version of Rogue Galaxy (2005), only released in Japan at the time. Instead of only localizing the game, developer Level-5 Inc. spent 2 years to improve the game and add new features and content. This version was also re-released in Japan as Rogue Galaxy (Director's Cut).

The original single-layer DVD was replaced by dual-layer and the doubled amount of space was used for smoother, better-looking graphics and additional data. Aside from the 4 existing planets, a fifth one, Alistia, was added. It is not part of the main story, but deepens the storyline and has new quests and items. A key to access the new world can be found in chapter 8. The existing Insectron Tournament sidequest has been expanded with two species of Insectrons, each with 8 types of Insectrons per species. The level design of Rosencaster Prison, the Gladius Towers, the Daytron factory, Rosa's desert town, and Rosa's Labyrinth has also been altered.

Over 2,000 lines of additional voice dialogue were added, the battle animations were reworked, damaging enemies has become easier (attack formula revision) and Toady's analysis of weapons has also been simplified.

Other gameplay improvements include the introduction of collectible Burning Chips, which power the Burning Strike attack, more items overall, two new weapons for each character (except Jaster), with 140 weapons in total, and 5 bonus costumes for each character (6 for Kisala and Simon).


Features:

* No load times: Immerses you into the expansive world and lets you freely explore.

* Superior combat system: Real-time combat puts you fully in control of your 
  adventure. Switch between players, send commands to teammates or utilize 
  multiple combat moves to out-smart, out-shoot or out-muscle your opponents.

* Item synthesis engine and creation system: Put together an assembly line and 
  build the perfect weapon or technology to help your cause.

* Expansive detailed environments: Explore the far reaches of the galaxy from 
  water planets, desserts to deep space.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!