PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA (for my rips)
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: D458BDB053F469E06C2E9636B09CA3EC7939D819
File Size: 4.91 GB
Label: Hib-Tone, IRS, Warner Bros.


Albums, Years & Catalog #: in this Torrent 


Murmur 1983 MFSL UDCD 642
Reckoning 1984 MFSL UDCD 677
Fables of the Reconstruction 1985 IRSBD-5592 *
Life’s Rich Pageant 1986 IRSD-5783 *
Document 1987 IRSD-42059 *
Dead Letter Office CD 70054 *
Green 1988
Eponymous 1988 IRSD-6262 *
Out of Time 1991 CD 26496 *
Automatic for the People 1992 W2 45055 *
Monster 1994 CDW 45740 *
New Adventures in Hi-Fi 1996
Up 1998
Reveal 2001 CDW 47946 *
Around the Sun 2004 
Accelerate 2008


* Denotes my rip.





Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


R.E.M. is an American rock band formed in Athens, Georgia, in 1980 by Michael Stipe (lead vocals), Peter Buck (guitar), Mike Mills (bass guitar), and Bill Berry (drums and percussion). R.E.M. was one of the first popular alternative rock bands, and gained early attention due to Buck's ringing, arpeggiated guitar style and Stipe's unclear vocals. R.E.M. released its first single, "Radio Free Europe", in 1981 on the independent record label Hib-Tone. The single was followed by the Chronic Town EP in 1982, the band's first release on I.R.S. Records. In 1983, the band released its critically acclaimed debut album Murmur, and built its reputation over the next few years through subsequent releases, constant touring, and the support of college radio. Following years of underground success, R.E.M. achieved a mainstream hit in 1987 with the single "The One I Love". The group signed to Warner Bros. Records in 1988, and began to espouse political and environmental concerns while playing large arenas worldwide.

By the early 1990s, when alternative rock began to experience broad mainstream success, R.E.M. was viewed as a pioneer of the genre and released its two most commercially successful albums, Out of Time (1991) and Automatic for the People (1992), which veered from the band's established sound. R.E.M.'s 1994 release Monster was a return to a more rock-oriented sound. The band began its first tour in six years to support the album; the tour was marred by medical emergencies suffered by three band members. In 1996, R.E.M. re-signed with Warner Bros. for a reported US$80 million, at the time the most expensive recording contract in history. The following year, Bill Berry left the band amicably, while Buck, Mills, and Stipe continued the group as a three-piece. Through some changes in musical style, the band continued its career into the next decade with mixed critical and commercial success. In 2007, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 



STUDIO ALBUMS 






Murmur 1983 (Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs Remaster)


Murmur is the debut album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released in 1983 on I.R.S. Records. Murmur drew critical acclaim upon its release for its sound, defined by singer Michael Stipe's cryptic lyrics, guitarist Peter Buck's jangly guitar style, and bassist's Mike Mills' melodic basslines.

R.E.M. started recording its debut album in December 1982. I.R.S. paired R.E.M. with producer Stephen Hague, who had a higher profile than the band's previous producer Mitch Easter.[1] Hague's emphasis on technical perfection did not suit the band; the producer made the group perform multiple takes of the song "Catapult", which demoralized drummer Bill Berry. Also, Hague took the completed track to Synchro Sound studios in Boston and added keyboard parts to the track without the band's permission and to their dismay.[2] Unsatisfied, the band members asked the label to let them record with Easter.[3] I.R.S. agreed to a "tryout" session, allowing the band to travel to North Carolina and record the song "Pilgrimage" with Easter and producing partner Don Dixon. After hearing the track, I.R.S. permitted the group to record the album with Dixon and Easter.[4]

R.E.M. entered Reflection Studios in Charlotte, North Carolina in January 1983 to begin recording sessions with Easter and Dixon. Much of the band's material for the album had been tested on preceding tours. Because of its bad experience with Hague, the band recorded the album via a process of negation, refusing to incorporate rock music clichés such as guitar solos or then-popular synthesizers, in order to give its music a timeless feel.[4] Berry in particular was resistant to "odd" musical suggestions. Berry insisted that his drums be recorded in a drummer's booth, a practice that was antiquated at the time.[5] Dixon and Easter took a hands-off approach to much of the recording process. The pair would only fix up a vocal track or ask singer Michael Stipe to re-record a vocal if it was very substandard.[6]

Murmur's sound characterized the quieter, introverted side of the first wave of alternative rock in the United States. The sound was new at the time, though not stepping beyond the constructs of traditional rock music. The guitars have a bright ring like chimes that brought on comparisons to The Byrds, and the bass guitar has the bright punchy sound of the Rickenbacker favored by Mike Mills. Mills carries much of the melodic element of the music on the bass, contributing to the moody sound of early R.E.M. albums. Also contributing to this sound is the distant singing of Michael Stipe whose obscure lyrics, sung indistinctly, lend to the mystery and depth of the music.

In a rare instance of R.E.M. co-writing, Stipe asked friend Neil Bogan to contribute lyrics to "West of the Fields."

The trestle featured on the back cover of the original vinyl LP release, originally part of the Georgia Railroad line into downtown Athens, has become something of a local landmark. Plans to demolish the trestle, now commonly referred to as the "Murmur Trestle," met with public outcry. On October 2, 2000, the Athens-Clarke County Mayor and Commission voted to save the trestle.[7]

Copies of the initial tape edition—catalogue number CS 70604—list "There She Goes Again" as the final track, but it is not present. This mistake was fixed with subsequent pressings.

Murmur was released in April 1983. The record reached number 36 on the Billboard album chart.[8] A re-recorded version of "Radio Free Europe" was the album's lead single and reached number 78 on the Billboard singles chart that year. Despite the acclaim awarded the album, by the end of 1983 Murmur had only sold about 200,000 copies, which I.R.S.'s Jay Boberg felt was below expectations.[9] Murmur was eventually certified gold (500,000 units shipped) by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1991.[10]

The album drew substantial critical acclaim. Rolling Stone gave the album four out of five stars. Reviewer Steve Pond felt the album fulfilled the promise the band showed on Chronic Town. He wrote, "Murmur is the record on which [R.E.M.] trade that potential for results: an intelligent, enigmatic, deeply involving album, it reveals a depth and cohesiveness to R.E.M. that the EP could only suggest." He concluded, "R.E.M. is clearly the important Athens band."[11] It was Rolling Stone's Best Album of 1983, beating Michael Jackson's Thriller, The Police's Synchronicity and U2's War. Buck noted in 2002 that I.R.S. was "mind-boggled" by the album's positive reviews, especially in the British press, since R.E.M. had not yet toured that country.[12]

In 1989, it was rated number eight on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 greatest albums of the 1980s.[citation needed] In 2003, the album was ranked number 197 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.[13] Also in 2003, the TV network VH1 named Murmur the 92nd greatest album of all time. Pitchfork Media named Murmur the fifth best album of the 1980s.

Tracks: 

1.	"Radio Free Europe" – 4:06
2.	"Pilgrimage" – 4:30
3.	"Laughing" – 3:57
4.	"Talk About the Passion" – 3:23
5.	"Moral Kiosk" – 3:31
6.	"Perfect Circle" – 3:29
7.	"Catapult" – 3:55
8.	"Sitting Still" – 3:17
9.	"9-9" – 3:03
10.	"Shaking Through" – 4:30
11.	"We Walk" – 3:02
12.	"West of the Fields" (Berry, Buck, Mills, Stipe, and Neil Bogan) – 3:17






Reckoning 1984 (Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs Remaster)


Reckoning is the second album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released in 1984 by I.R.S. Records. Produced by Mitch Easter and Don Dixon, the album was recorded at Reflection Sound Studio in Charlotte, North Carolina over 16 days in December 1983 and January 1984. Dixon and Easter intended to capture the sound of R.E.M.'s live performances, and used binaural recording on several tracks. Singer Michael Stipe dealt with darker subject matter in his lyrics, and water imagery is a recurring theme on the record. Released to critical acclaim, Reckoning reached number 27 in the United States—where it was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in 1991—and peaked at number 91 in the United Kingdom.

After its debut album Murmur (1983) received critical acclaim, R.E.M. quickly began work on its second album. The group wrote new material prodigiously; guitarist Peter Buck recalled, "We were going through this streak where we were writing two good songs a week [. . .] We just wanted to do it; whenever we had a new batch of songs, it was time to record".[7] Due to the number of new songs the group had, Buck unsuccessfully tried to convince everyone to make the next album a double record.[8] In November 1983, the band recorded 22 songs during a session with Neil Young producer Elliot Mazer in San Francisco.[9] While Mazer was briefly considered as a candidate to produce the band's next album, R.E.M. ultimately decided to team up again with Murmur producers Mitch Easter and Don Dixon.[7]

R.E.M. started recording Reckoning at Reflection Sound in Charlotte, North Carolina, on December 8, 1983.[10] The group recorded over two eight-day stretches around Christmas 1983, separated by two weeks of canceled studio time that allowed the band to play a show in Greensboro, North Carolina, go out to see a movie, and shoot a video in the studio.[11][12] While the studio diary listed 16 days for recording, the album sleeve later claimed the album was recorded in 14 days, while in interviews Buck at times commented that the album was recorded in 11 days. The producers both disputed that the sessions were that short; Dixon insisted that they were at the studio for at least 25 days (during which he worked eighteen-hour days), while Easter said, "When I read 'eleven days' I thought, what the fuck! It was twenty days, which was still short, but it's not eleven."[13]

During recording there was pressure from I.R.S. Records to try and make the album more commercial. The label sent messages to Dixon and Easter, which the producers told the band that they would ignore. While the producers respected I.R.S. president Jay Boberg, they expressed dismay at the comments he made when he visited during the last day of sessions. Dixon called Boberg "record company clueless", while Easter said, "I got along with Jay Boberg OK [. . .] but now and again he would express an opinion that would make me think, 'holy shit', because it would strike me as really teenage." Buck said he was grateful that Dixon and Easter acted as a buffer between the band and its label. He said that "it got to the point where as much as I respected the guys at I.R.S., we basically tried to record the records so they wouldn't know we were recording them!", and explained that part of the reason why R.E.M. recorded the album so quickly was because the group wanted to finish before representatives from I.R.S. showed up to listen to it.[14]

The recording sessions were difficult for singer Michael Stipe, who out of the band was particularly worn out by the group's 1983 tour schedule. Getting usable vocal tracks from Stipe was difficult; Dixon recalled that he and Stipe would show up around noon each day before the rest of the band, but that "he was kind of shut down, and it was difficult to get him to open up". While recording the song "7 Chinese Brothers", Stipe sang so quietly that Dixon could not hear him on the tape. Frustrated, the producer climbed a ladder to above the recording booth Stipe was in and found a gospel record entitled The Joy of Knowing Jesus by the Revelaires, which he then handed to the singer in an attempt to inspire him. Stipe began reciting the liner notes from the album audibly, which enabled Dixon to move on to recording the vocal track to "7 Chinese Brothers" properly.

Tracks

1.	"Harborcoat" – 3:54
2.	"7 Chinese Bros." – 4:18
3.	"So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)" – 3:15
4.	"Pretty Persuasion" – 3:50
5.	"Time After Time (AnnElise)" – 3:31
6.	"Second Guessing" – 2:51
7.	"Letter Never Sent" – 2:59
8.	"Camera" – 5:52
9.	"(Don't Go Back To) Rockville" – 4:32
10.	"Little America" – 2:58






Fables of the Reconstruction 1985


Fables of the Reconstruction, or Reconstruction of the Fables, is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released on the I.R.S. Records in 1985

Despite the growing audience and critical acclaim experienced by the band after its first two albums, Murmur and Reckoning, R.E.M. decided to make noticeable changes to its style of music and recording habits, including a change in producer (Joe Boyd) and recording location (London, England).

Boyd was mostly known for his work with modern English folk musicians, such as Fairport Convention and Nick Drake. However, Fables was a conceptual record by R.E.M. standards. Lyrically, the album explores the mythology and landscape of the South. The title, Fables of the Reconstruction or Reconstruction of the Fables, makes possible reference both to the Reconstruction period after the Civil War, and to the literary process of deconstruction. The source of the title and chorus of "Cant Get There from Here", the album's first single, is a non-sarcastic rejoinder sometimes heard when asking for directions in the rural United States.[citation needed] The video for "Cant Get There from Here" was played frequently on MTV.[citation needed]

The opening song, "Feeling Gravitys Pull," describes falling asleep while reading; Michael Stipe's lyrics also reference surrealist Man Ray, setting the tone for the album. Musically it was an unusual song for the band, making use of a dark, chromatic guitar figure by Peter Buck, and a string quartet, while R.E.M.'s previous albums had opened with rhythmic, "jangly" rock songs. "Maps and Legends" fit the category, and features distinct harmony vocals by bassist Mike Mills, singing different lyrics from Stipe, common to the early era of the band. The song is dedicated to the Reverend Howard Finster, a noted outsider artist and according to the band, "a man of vision and feeling—a fine example to all" (Finster had done the album sleeve for R.E.M.'s Reckoning the year prior).

"Driver 8" describes the scenery surrounding railroad tracks, in somewhat abstract terms. Trains are a frequent topic of Southern music; they epitomize the freedom and promise of an escape from one's home environment. Driven by a blues guitar riff, it was one of the songs on the album to receive college radio play, and a music video was made as well. Beginning with a soft introduction, "Life and How to Live It" charged through another atmospheric, folk rock arrangement, and again referenced storytelling. Without mentioning him by name, the song was about Athens, GA author Brivs Mekis, as alluded to in the live performance on the And I Feel Fine... bonus disc. Mekis had written a book entitled Life: How to Live, and had it published and printed, only to have all existing copies of it stacked in his closet.[1]

Much of the band's songwriting material in this era also came from the members' own experiences traveling through the country in near-constant tours over the previous several years, as well as an increasing sense of political activism which would find expression on subsequent albums Lifes Rich Pageant and Document. Stipe later said that his previous lyrics never really had any literal meanings, and that by this time began to write lyrics that told stories. For example, the Fables song "Green Grow the Rushes," which contains the line "the amber waves of gain," is thought to be about migrant farm laborers. "Kohoutek" is about Comet Kohoutek, and is perhaps one of the earliest R.E.M. songs about a romantic relationship. "Auctioneer (Another Engine)" was a song deviating from the typical R.E.M. sound of the time, with jagged guitar riffs and more references to old rural ways of life.

The plaintive "Good Advices" contained a much-quoted Stipe lyric, "When you meet a stranger, look at his shoes / keep your money in your shoes." A celebration of an eccentric individual is the subject of "Old Man Kensey" (which has lyrics by Stipe's friend Jerry Ayers) and closing track "Wendell Gee." The latter, a ballad with piano and more harmonies from Berry and Mills, was the album's third and final single in the UK only, although it made no commercial impression there.

Upon release, Fables of the Reconstruction reached #28 in the United States (going gold in 1991) and was the band's best showing yet in the UK, peaking at #35. Recorded during a period of internal strife—largely due to the R.E.M. members' homesickness and an unpleasant London winter—the band's unenthusiastic view of the album has been public for years, and is often reflected among fans and the press. Drummer Bill Berry was quoted in the early 1990s as saying that Fables of the Reconstruction "sucked"; frontman Michael Stipe once shared the opinion but lately has said he considers it home to some of their more notable songs, telling producer Joe Boyd that he had grown to love the album.

Fables was often characterized by a slow tempo and an intentionally murky sound, in contrast with the more upbeat and jangly (if equally abstract) sound of their earlier material. Nevertheless, the focus on American folk instruments such as the banjo in "Wendell Gee" and a few additional orchestrations (string instruments in "Feeling Gravitys Pull" and honking brass in "Cant Get There from Here") began the band's route toward the layered, acoustic-based sound they adopted for their popular breakthrough in the late '80s and early '90s with albums such as Green, Out of Time, and Automatic for the People.

The album's liner notes list a song entitled "When I Was Young" as among the tracklisting, but it does not appear on the release. It was played live three or four times during the 1985 "Preconstruction" U.S. college tour (a tour that took place before the release of the album), but the song was quickly dropped. However, a few lines of its lyrics would eventually form part of "I Believe", a completely different track later released on Lifes Rich Pageant.

Tracks:

1.	"Feeling Gravitys Pull" – 4:51
2.	"Maps and Legends" – 3:10
3.	"Driver 8" – 3:23
4.	"Life and How to Live It" – 4:06
5.	"Old Man Kensey" (Jerry Ayers, Berry, Buck, Mills, and Stipe) – 4:08
6.	"Cant Get There from Here" – 4:10
7.	"Green Grow the Rushes" – 3:46
8.	"Kohoutek" – 3:18
9.	"Auctioneer (Another Engine)" – 2:44
10.	"Good Advices" – 3:30
11.	"Wendell Gee" – 3:01







Life’s Rich Pageant 1986 


Lifes Rich Pageant is the fourth album by the American band R.E.M., released in 1986. Intended as an upbeat reaction to the sobering and historical Fables of the Reconstruction,[citation needed] R.E.M. chose Don Gehman to produce the album at his Belmont Mall Studios in Belmont, Indiana.

The source for the title of the album is based on an English idiom. Its use is very old, but R.E.M.'s use (minus the apostrophe) is, according to Peter Buck, from the 1964 film A Shot in the Dark:

Inspector Clouseau opens car door and falls into a fountain.
Maria: "You should get out of these clothes immediately. You'll catch your death of pneumonia, you will."
Clouseau: "Yes, I probably will. But it's all part of life's rich pageant, you know?"[1]

The missing apostrophe in the title is deliberate. Nearly all contractions used by R.E.M. lack apostrophes, though "life's" in this case is a possessive.

The cover of the album depicts drummer Bill Berry on the upper part of the cover and a pair of bison, signifying an environmental theme, on the lower part. It also alludes to Buffalo Bill.

With R.E.M.'s fan base beginning to grow beyond its college rock boundaries, Lifes Rich Pageant proved to be the band's biggest U.S. album yet, peaking at #21[2] on the Billboard charts and scoring them their first gold record.[citation needed] In the UK, the album managed a #43 peak.[citation needed]

The ecologically-conscious "Fall on Me" (a personal favorite of frontman Michael Stipe) and a cover of The Clique's "Superman", sung by bassist Mike Mills, were the only singles released from the album.

Another ecologically-minded song, Cuyahoga, refers to the once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River that flows into Lake Erie at Cleveland, Ohio. The song includes the lyric we burned the river down, which refers to the several occasions (most famously in 1969) when the river actually caught fire.

Tracks: 

1.	"Begin the Begin" – 3:28
2.	"These Days" – 3:24
3.	"Fall on Me" – 2:50
4.	"Cuyahoga" – 4:19
5.	"Hyena" – 2:50
6.	"Underneath the Bunker" – 1:25
7.	"The Flowers of Guatemala" – 3:55
8.	"I Believe" – 3:49
9.	"What If We Give It Away?" – 3:33
10.	"Just a Touch" – 3:00
11.	"Swan Swan H" – 2:42
12.	"Superman" (Mike Bottler and Gary Zekley) – 2:52






Document 1987


Document is the fifth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was released in 1987 a few months after their rarities collection Dead Letter Office appeared and is the last album of new material by the band released on the I.R.S. Records label. It is the first album the band worked with producer Scott Litt.

Document was R.E.M.'s first album co-produced by Scott Litt and the band, a collaboration that continued through Green, Out of Time, Automatic for the People, Monster, and New Adventures in Hi-Fi. The album's clear production and muscular rock riffs helped to move the band towards mainstream success and built on the work done by Don Gehman, who had produced their previous album Lifes Rich Pageant. This release not only launched "The One I Love," R.E.M.'s first Top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 (it reached number nine), but also gave them their first platinum album.

"Exhuming McCarthy" makes an explicit parallel between the red-baiting of Joe McCarthy's time and the strengthening of the sense of American exceptionalism during the Reagan era, especially the Iran-Contra affair. Starting with the click-clack of a typewriter, it also includes a sound clip of Joseph Welch's rebuke of McCarthy from the Army-McCarthy Hearings: "Let us not assassinate this lad further, Senator.... You've done enough. Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last? Have you left no sense of decency?"

The song "Strange" was originally recorded by the post-punk band Wire. This version has slightly altered lyrics, such as "Michael's nervous and the lights are bright."

R.E.M. expanded their instrumentation somewhat on the album, adding dulcimer to "King of Birds" and saxophone to "Fireplace"[1]. This experimentation would lead to their adoption of the mandolin, which featured prominently on their subsequent albums Green and Out of Time. Furthermore, the band's musicians began swapping instruments both in concert and in the studio in an effort to create new sounds (and avoid stagnation).[citation needed]

The original sleeve for the album featured the message "File under Fire", a reference to what Michael Stipe considered to be the central lyrical theme of the album, and also references the chorus to "The One I Love"[2]. A similar message ("File under water") could be found on the cover of the band's second album, Reckoning, as well as on the compilation album Eponymous ("File under grain") referring to the idea behind "Talk About the Passion", which was about hunger[3]. Two rejected suggestions for the title of the album—R.E.M. No. 5 and Table of Content—also appear on the sleeve artwork.[4]. Other possible album titles included Mr. Evil Breakfast, Skin Up with R.E.M., and Last Train to Disneyland (the last one having been suggested by Peter Buck, who felt that America under the presidency of former actor Ronald Reagan was beginning to feel a lot like the famed amusement park).[5]

In 1989, the album was ranked #41 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 greatest albums of the 1980s.[citation needed] In 2003, the album was ranked number 470 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.

Tracks: 

1.	"Finest Worksong" – 3:48
2.	"Welcome to the Occupation" – 2:46
3.	"Exhuming McCarthy" – 3:19
4.	"Disturbance at the Heron House" – 3:32
5.	"Strange" (Bruce Gilbert, Colin Newman) – 2:31
6.	"It's the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine)" – 4:05
7.	"The One I Love" – 3:17
8.	"Fireplace" – 3:22
9.	"Lightnin' Hopkins" – 3:20
10.	"King of Birds" – 4:09
11.	"Oddfellows Local 151" – 5:21







Green 1988

Green is the sixth album by the American band R.E.M. It was their debut major label release for Warner Bros., released in November 1988. Green was notably the first album to feature two songs to reach the top spot on the Modern Rock Tracks chart,[citation needed] "Orange Crush," and "Stand."

With warm critical reaction and the conversion of many new fans, Green ultimately went double-platinum in the U.S., reaching #12, and peaked at #27 in the UK. It was R.E.M.'s first gold album in the UK, making it their European breakthrough. The band would tour extensively in support of the album throughout 1989, before beginning work on 1991's Out of Time.

The cover art was painted by New York City minimalist line painter Jon McCafferty. Promotional copies of the album were housed in a mauve, cloth-covered Digipack, with the title and artist debossed and a number "4" embossed over both of the "R"s. The color and texture are made to imitate tree bark.

The original pressings of the album and cassette tape covers had the number 4 spot varnished over the R in both "Green" and "R.E.M." In return, "R. Stand" appears instead of "4. Stand" on the track list on the back cover. Allegedly, this was a product of an early typing mistake: due to "4" being a number very close to "R" on the keyboard, "Green" was once misspelled "G4een", and the mistake was adopted this way. The album was the first by the band to feature printed lyrics, although only the lyrics to "World Leader Pretend" appeared.

Green is the first R.E.M. album to also be released in a special edition version, though it was only released as a promotional CD. R.E.M. would go on to create a special edition version of each subsequent album they released.

Although the title of the album is Green, the cover artwork to the LP is orange in color (this was changed to a lighter shade of yellow for some versions of the CD and cassette tape.) The reason for this is that, if one stares at the orange image for several seconds and then closes their eyes, the negative image he will then see is green. When viewed negatively in this manner, the cover art appears to depict green grass.

Singleactiongreen, a box set containing several singles from Green, was released to promote the album.

The "Green" world tour began in 1989 and took place in arena-sized venues. The tour was much larger in scope than the "Work" tour that supported the previous album. This was especially true in venues outside of the United States due to Warner Brother's ability to market the band overseas. On the final night of the 11-month trek to support Green, the band performed the album in order, from start to finish. It marked the only live performance of "The Wrong Child," and one of the few live performances of "Hairshirt." Having spent close to a year touring, the band decided not to tour in support of their subsequent two albums.

Some songs from Green—such as "Pop Song 89" and "Orange Crush"—had appeared occasionally on the "Work" tour in 1987. Though the lyrics were embryonic, the melodies and arrangements were similar to those that appeared on the finished record. Also, the band began playing versions of "Low" and "Belong" in the later part of the Green Tour, both of which would appear on their next album Out Of Time.

Tracks: 

1.	"Pop Song 89" – 3:04
2.	"Get Up" – 2:39
3.	"You Are the Everything" – 3:41
4.	"Stand" – 3:10
5.	"World Leader Pretend" – 4:17
6.	"The Wrong Child" – 3:36
7.	"Orange Crush" – 3:51
8.	"Turn You Inside-Out" – 4:16
9.	"Hairshirt" – 3:55
10.	"I Remember California" – 4:59
11.	"Eleventh, Untitled Song" – 3:10






Out of Time 1991 


Out of Time is the seventh album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released on Warner Bros. Records in 1991. With Out of Time R.E.M.'s status grew from that of a cult band to a massive international act. The record topped the album sales charts in both the U.S. and the United Kingdom, spending 109 weeks on American album charts and enjoying two separate spells at the summit, and 183 weeks on the British charts, and spending a single week at the top. The album has been certified four times platinum in the U.S. and sold over ten million copies worldwide. The album won three Grammy Awards in 1992: one as Best Alternative Music Album, and two for the first single, "Losing My Religion."

Out of Time combines elements of pop, folk and classical music heard on their previous album Green, with a new concentration on country elements that would continue on 1992's Automatic for the People.

Preceded by the release of "Losing My Religion," which became R.E.M.'s biggest U.S. hit, Out of Time gave them their first U.S. and UK #1 album. The band did not tour to support the release.

Tracks: 

1.	"Radio Song" – 4:12
2.	"Losing My Religion" – 4:26
3.	"Low" – 4:55
4.	"Near Wild Heaven" – 3:17
5.	"Endgame" – 3:48
6.	"Shiny Happy People" – 3:44
7.	"Belong" – 4:03
8.	"Half a World Away" – 3:26
9.	"Texarkana" – 3:36
10.	"Country Feedback" – 4:07
11.	"Me in Honey" – 4:06






Automatic for the People 1992


Automatic for the People is the eighth album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released in 1992 on Warner Bros. Records. While R.E.M. had intended to make a harder-rocking album after dealing primarily with acoustic based sounds on its previous record Out of Time (1991), the group eventually abandoned that goal and created an album that was musically subdued and dealt with mortality. Automatic for the People reached number two on the US album charts and yielded six singles.

After promotional duties for their previous album Out of Time in May 1991, the members of R.E.M. began work on their next album. Starting the first week of June,[1] guitarist Peter Buck, bassist Mike Mills, and drummer Bill Berry met several times a week in a rehearsal studio to work on new material. Once a month they would take a week-long break. The musicians would often trade instruments: Buck would play mandolin, Mills would play piano or organ, and Berry would play bass. Buck explained that writing without drums was productive for the band members.[2] The band, intent on delivering an album of harder-rocking material after Out of Time, made an effort to write some faster rock songs during rehearsals, but came up with less than a half dozen prospective songs in that vein.[3]

When it came time to make demos, the musicians recorded them in their standard band configuration.[2] According to Buck, the musicians recorded about 30 songs. Singer Michael Stipe was not present at these sessions; instead, the band gave him the finished demos at the start of 1992.[4] Stipe described the music to Rolling Stone early that year as "[v]ery mid-tempo, pretty fucking weird [...] More acoustic, more organ-based, less drums".[5] In February, R.E.M. recorded another set of demos at Daniel Lanois' Kingsway Studios in New Orleans.[6]

The group decided to create finished recordings with co-producer Scott Litt at Bearsville Studios in Woodstock, New York, starting on March 30.[7] The band recorded overdubs in Miami and New York City. String arrangements were recorded in Atlanta, Georgia.[8] After recording sessions were completed in July, the album was mixed at Bad Animals Studio in Seattle.

Despite R.E.M.'s initial desire to make an album of rocking, guitar-dominated songs after Out of Time, music critic David Fricke noted that instead Automatic for the People "seems to move at an even more agonized crawl" than its previous release.[3] Peter Buck took the lead in suggesting the new direction for the album.[8] The album dealt with themes of loss and mourning inspired by "that sense of [...] turning thirty", according to Buck. "The world that we had been involved in had disappeared, the world of Hüsker Dü and The Replacements, all that had gone [...] We were just in a different place and that worked its way out musically and lyrically."[9] The songs "Drive", "The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite", "Everybody Hurts", and "Nightswimming" feature string arrangements by former Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones. Fricke stated, "ballads, in fact, define the record", and noted that the album featured only three "rockers": "Ignoreland", "The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite", and "Man on the Moon".[3]

Automatic for the People was released in October 1992. In the United States, the album reached number two on the Billboard 200 album charts.[10] The album reached number one in the United Kingdom, where it topped the UK Albums Chart on four separate occasions.[11] Despite not having toured after the release of Out of Time, R.E.M. again declined to tour in support of this album. Automatic for the People has been certified four times platinum in the United States (four million copies shipped), six times platinum in the United Kingdom (1.8 million shipped), and three times platinum in Australia (210,000 shipped).[12] The album has sold 3.5 million copies in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan.[13]

Automatic for the People yielded six singles over the course of 1992 and 1993: "Drive", "Man on the Moon", "The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite", "Everybody Hurts", "Nightswimming", and "Find the River". Lead single "Drive" was the album's highest-charting domestic hit, reaching number 28 on the Billboard Hot 100. Other singles charted higher overseas: "Everybody Hurts" charted in the top ten in the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia.[12]

R.E.M. biographer David Buckley wrote, "Automatic for the People is regarded by Peter Buck and Mike Mills, and by most critics, as being the finest R.E.M. album ever recorded."[14] Rolling Stone gave the album five stars. Reviewer Paul Evans wrote, "Despite its difficult concerns, most of Automatic is musically irresistible."[15] Melody Maker reviewer Allan Jones commented, "It's almost impossible to write about the record without mentioning the recent grim rumors concerning Stipe's health", in reference to the rumors at the time that the singer was dying of AIDS or cancer. Jones concluded his review by noting, "Amazingly, initial reactions to Automatic for the People in this particular vicinity have been mixed [...] Psshaw to them. Automatic for the People is R.E.M. at the very top of their form."[16] Ann Powers, reviewing the album for The New York Times, noted that only three of the songs on the album went beyond mid-tempo and said, "Only 'Man on the Moon' shines with a wit that balances R.E.M.'s somber tendencies". Powers finished her review by saying, "Even in the midst of such disenchantment, R.E.M. can't resist its own talent for creating beautiful and moving sounds. [...] Buck, Mills and Berry can still conjure melodies that fall like summer sunlight. And Stipe still possesses a gorgeous voice that cannot shake its own gift for meaning."[17] Guy Garcia, for Time, also noted the album's themes of "hopelessness, anger and loss".[18] Garcia added that the album proves "that a so-called alternative band can keep its edge after conquering the musical mainstream" and that it "manages to dodge predictability without ever sounding aimless or unfocussed".

Automatic for the People placed third in the Village Voice Pazz & Jop year-end critics' poll.[19] The album was nominated for Album of the Year at the Grammy Awards of 1993. It was also ranked #247 in Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

Tracks: 

1.	"Drive" – 4:31
2.	"Try Not to Breathe" – 3:50
3.	"The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite" – 4:06
4.	"Everybody Hurts" – 5:17
5.	"New Orleans Instrumental No.1" – 2:13
6.	"Sweetness Follows" – 4:19
7.	"Monty Got a Raw Deal" – 3:17
8.	"Ignoreland" – 4:24
9.	"Star Me Kitten" – 3:15
10.	"Man on the Moon" – 5:13
11.	"Nightswimming" – 4:16
12.	"Find the River" – 3:50






Monster 1994

Monster is the ninth album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released in September 1994 on Warner Bros. Records. Co-produced with Scott Litt, Monster was an intentional stylistic shift from the group's preceding albums, Out of Time (1991) and Automatic for the People (1992), consisting of loud, distorted guitar tones and simple song arrangements. Singer Michael Stipe's lyrics dealt with the nature of celebrity, which he sang while assuming various characters. Led by the single "What's the Frequency, Kenneth?", Monster debuted at number one in both the United States and the United Kingdom. The band promoted the record with its first concert tour since 1989.

Early in 1993, the members of R.E.M. convened a four-day meeting in Acapulco, Mexico, to devise a plan for the next two years. The group settled on a plan for 1994 through the end of 1996, which included recording a new album and touring behind it.[1] Drummer Bill Berry was particularly eager to tour (which the band had not done since 1989), and was insistent that the album "rock". The band agreed that after Out of Time and Automatic for the People they did not want to make another slow-paced album.[2]

Later that year R.E.M. began recording its ninth album.[2] Preproduction took place at Kingsway Studio in New Orleans under the supervision of Mark Howard, who had previously worked on Automatic for the People.[3] The band wrote 45 songs for the record, including "a whole album's worth of acoustic stuff" that the band demoed, according to guitarist Peter Buck.[1] Howard recalled that the sessions were more experimental for the band; he said, "The bass had a tremolo sound on it. It was a more inventive session for them." The studio did not have a control room, so Howard recorded Michael Stipe singing lyrical ideas while lying on a couch. Howard said, "Being able to put those vocals down helped him write the lyrics to a lot of songs on Monster."[4] Once the sessions were complete, Howard played the recordings to co-producer Scott Litt, who had worked with the band since their fifth album Document (1987).[3]

In February 1994 the band moved to Crossover Soundstage in Atlanta, Georgia. At Crossover, most of the album's basic tracks were recorded live, as if the band were playing in concert. Litt said, "I thought since they hadn't toured in a while, it would be good for them to get into that mind-set--you know, monitors, PA, standing up".[5] The sessions were hampered by a number of events, including Berry and bassist Mike Mills falling ill on separate occasions, Buck and Stipe leaving to visit family members, and the deaths of River Phoenix and Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain, whom Stipe had deeply befriended.[4] The band wrote and recorded the song "Let Me In" in tribute to Cobain, and dedicated the album to Phoenix.[5]

In late April 1994, the band relocated to Criteria Studios in Miami, Florida, but recording was disrupted because Stipe suffered from a tooth abscess that required medical attention.[6] Unlike previous album sessions, by the time work had moved to Ocean Way Recording in Los Angeles, California, the band was behind schedule. Litt attributed the delay to recording live at Crossover, which lengthened the mixing process; he told Rolling Stone, "We're trying to figure out how raw to leave it and how much to studiofy it." At the same time, Stipe was still writing when the band was supposed to be mixing the record. Tension arose between the band members, who were staying in different locations in Los Angeles and would rarely be in the studio at the same time.[5] Tensions came to a head when the group was recording at Louie's Clubhouse, Litt's home studio in Los Angeles, where years later Stipe recalled, "We broke up . . . We reached the point where none of us could speak to each other, and we were in a small room, and we just said 'Fuck off' and that was it."[7] The group had a meeting to resolve its issues; Mills told Rolling Stone, "We have to begin working as a unit again, which we haven't been doing very well lately."

In contrast to the sound of R.E.M.'s previous two records, the music of Monster consisted of distorted guitar tones, minimal overdubs, and touches of 1970s glam rock. Peter Buck described Monster as "a 'rock' record, with the rock in quotation marks." He explained, "That's not what we started out to make, but that's certainly how it turned out to be. There's a nudge, nudge, wink, wink feel to the whole record. Like, it's a rock record, but is it really?"[2] Mike Mills told Time, "On past albums we had been exploring acoustic instruments, trying to use the piano and mandolin, and we did it about all we wanted to do it. And you come back to the fact that playing loud electric-guitar music is about as fun as music can be."[8] Stipe's vocals were pushed back in the mix.[2]

Stipe wrote the lyrics of Monster in character. This, according to biographer Dan Buckley, "set the real Stipe at a distance from the mask adopted for each song." The album dealt with the nature of celebrity and "the creepiness of fandom as pathology".[9] Buck said the album was a reaction to the band's popularity. He added, "When I read the lyrics I thought, all these guys are totally fucked up. I don't know who they are, because they're not Michael. I would say that this was the only time where he's done characters that are creepy, and I don't know if anyone got that. He was getting out his things by acting out these parts that are not him."[10] The band noted that at the end of certain songs, they left blank choruses where Mills and Berry would traditionally sing harmonies so fans could sing along.

Upon its release, Monster debuted at number one on the Billboard charts.[11] The album also debuted at the top of the British album charts.[12] There were several hits from the album, particularly "What's the Frequency, Kenneth?," "Crush With Eyeliner", "Strange Currencies," and "Bang and Blame." "Star 69" also charted, despite not being released as a single.

Rolling Stone gave Monster four and a half stars. Critic Robert Palmer noted that Stipe's lyrics dealt with issues of identity ("The concept of reality itself is being called into question: Is this my life or an incredible virtual simulation?") and that occasionally the singer "begins to sound not unlike the proverbial rock star, whining about all those fans who just won't let him alone." He added, "What's truly impressive about Monster is the way R.E.M. make an album with such potentially grave subject matter so much fun."[13] NME gave the album a seven out of ten rating. Reviewer Keith Cameron wrote, "It’s fun, frequently, but we feel distanced, engaged only on a secondhand level. Moreover, the loudly trumpeted fox factor has been conspicuous by its absence." Cameron concluded, "At best stunning, at worst merely diverting, 'Monster' sounds like the album they 'had' to make, to clear out their system, a simple prop to occupy our time..."[14] Allmusic rated the album two and a half stars out of five; Stephen Thomas Erlewine wrote, "Monster doesn't have the conceptual unity or consistently brilliant songwriting of Automatic for the People, but it does offer a wide range of sonic textures that have never been heard on an R.E.M. album before."[15]

In 2005, Warner Bros. issued an expanded two-disc edition of Monster which includes a CD, a DVD-Audio disc containing a 5.1-channel surround sound mix of the album done by Elliot Scheiner, and the original CD booklet with expanded liner notes.

Tracks: 

1.	"What's the Frequency, Kenneth?" – 4:00
2.	"Crush with Eyeliner" – 4:39
3.	"King of Comedy" – 3:40
4.	"I Don't Sleep, I Dream" – 3:27
5.	"Star 69" – 3:07
6.	"Strange Currencies" – 3:52
7.	"Tongue" – 4:13
8.	"Bang and Blame" – 5:30
9.	"I Took Your Name" – 4:02
10.	"Let Me In" – 3:28
11.	"Circus Envy" – 4:15
12.	"You" – 4:54






New Adventures in Hi-Fi 1996


New Adventures in Hi-Fi is the tenth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was their fifth major label release for Warner Bros. Records, released on September 9, 1996 in Europe and Australia and the following day in the United States. New Adventures in Hi-Fi was the last album recorded with founding member, drummer Bill Berry—who left the band amicably the following year—original manager Jefferson Holt and long-time producer Scott Litt.

The album was recorded during and after the tour in support of Monster in 1995. The material on the album mixed the acoustic, country rock, feel of much of Out of Time and Automatic for the People with the rock sound of Monster and Lifes Rich Pageant. The band have cited Neil Young's 1973 album Time Fades Away as a source of inspiration.[1]

The band noted that they borrowed the recording process for the album from Radiohead, who recorded some of the basic tracks for The Bends while on tour and who were supporting the band in 1994 and 1995. R.E.M. brought along eight-track recorders to capture their live performances, and used the recordings as the base elements for the album. As such, the band's touring musicians Nathan December and Scott McCaughey are featured throughout the album with Andy Carlson contributing violin to "Electrolite." After the tour was over, the band went into the Bad Animals Studio and recorded four additional tracks, "How the West Was Won and Where It Got Us," "E-Bow the Letter," "Be Mine," and "New Test Leper." Patti Smith came to the sessions and contributed vocals on "E-Bow the Letter." Audio mixing was finished at John Keane Studio in Athens and Louie's Clubhouse in Los Angeles with mastering by Bob Ludwig at Gateway Mastering in Portland, Maine.

According to Peter Buck, when Warner Bros. heard the album that was to take them to the top—Out Of Time—they were dumbfounded: "You think the one with the lead mandolin should be the first single?!" On hearing New Adventures, he says, the same people proclaimed, "Hey, there's three Top 10 records on here!"[2]

Critical reaction to the album was mostly positive. Several publications lauded the album for its rich diversity, including Rolling Stone, Q, and Mojo and Stephen Thomas Erlewine from All Music says "in its multifaceted sprawl,[3] they wound up with one of their best records of the '90s." At the same time, however some publications including Melody Maker, criticized the album's empty and flat sound caused by recording in arenas and soundchecks.

Tracks: 

1.	"How the West Was Won and Where It Got Us" – 4:31
2.	"The Wake-Up Bomb" – 5:08
3.	"New Test Leper" – 5:26
4.	"Undertow" – 5:09
5.	"E-Bow the Letter" – 5:23
6.	"Leave" – 7:18
7.	"Departure" – 3:28
8.	"Bittersweet Me" – 4:06
9.	"Be Mine" – 5:32
10.	"Binky the Doormat" – 5:01
11.	"Zither" – 2:33
12.	"So Fast, So Numb" – 4:12
13.	"Low Desert" – 3:30
14.	"Electrolite" – 4:05






Up 1998


Up is the eleventh album by the American band R.E.M. It was their first album without their original drummer Bill Berry, who amicably left the group in October 1997 to pursue his own interests. In his place, R.E.M. would use session drummers or drum machines to fill the void.

Moving into electronic music-influenced territory after delivering the challenging New Adventures in Hi-Fi in 1996, Up alienated both critics and fans of the band's 1980s work and casual listeners who were used to their more commercial early 1990s output.[citation needed] However, some saw it as one of their bravest and most sonically daring records to date,[citation needed] and the record was even cited by Radiohead,[citation needed] who would release their own largely electronic and highly acclaimed effort Kid A in 2000. Ending a ten year relationship with co-producer Scott Litt, R.E.M. engaged the production assistance of Pat McCarthy, who was assisted on most tracks of Up by engineer Nigel Godrich, Radiohead's producer.

With Berry's departure, the sessions for Up were indeed strained, with R.E.M. subsequently admitting that they came close to breaking up during its recording. Not surprisingly, the album is considered to have a labored and melancholic feel to it. In spite of the tension, "Daysleeper", which recalled Automatic for the People's "Try Not to Breathe" somewhat, became a Top 10 UK hit, and was followed by "Lotus", The Beach Boys-influenced "At My Most Beautiful" and "Suspicion", which is reminiscent of the song "Tongue" from their Monster album.

Breaking with a tradition that stretched back to their 1983 debut Murmur, Michael Stipe elected to have his complete lyrics included in Up's CD booklet, a practice Stipe has maintained on all subsequent R.E.M. releases.

It was rumored at the time of the album's release that "Hope" was written for Thom Yorke, "At My Most Beautiful" for Patti Smith, and "Why Not Smile" for Bill Berry. Michael Stipe denied all three in an interview for Britain's Q magazine in 1999.

Up reached #3 in the U.S. (with 16 weeks on the Billboard 200) and #2 in the UK, but didn't have the staying power of their previous decade's albums, giving them their lowest sales in years. Although they initially intended on not supporting the album live, following many successful promotional concerts upon the album's release R.E.M. quickly arranged a four-month arena tour of Europe and America during the summer of 1999. As of March 2007, Up has sold 664,000 units in the U.S.[1]

In 2005, Warner Bros. Records issued an expanded two-disc edition of Up which includes a CD, a DVD-Audio disc containing a 5.1-channel surround sound mix of the album done by Elliot Scheiner, and the original CD booklet with expanded liner notes.

In 2006, Q magazine "saved" this album from their "50 Worst Albums Ever" list, saying that it is "superior to Monster" and claiming it "a start of renaissance". It received 4/5 stars.

Tracks: 

1.	"Airportman" – 4:12
2.	"Lotus" – 4:30
3.	"Suspicion" – 5:36
4.	"Hope" (Leonard Cohen, Buck, Mills, Stipe)1 – 5:02
5.	"At My Most Beautiful" – 3:35
6.	"The Apologist" – 4:30
7.	"Sad Professor" – 4:01
8.	"You're in the Air" – 5:22
9.	"Walk Unafraid" – 4:31
10.	"Why Not Smile" – 4:03
11.	"Daysleeper" – 3:40
12.	"Diminished" – 6:01 
o	Includes a brief piece entitled "I'm Not over You", with Stipe soloing on acoustic guitar, after the song's conclusion.
13.	"Parakeet" – 4:09
14.	"Falls to Climb" – 5:06






Reveal 2001


Reveal is the twelfth album by the American band R.E.M., released in 2001 on Warner Bros.. After having adjusted to former drummer Bill Berry's departure and releasing Up to mixed response in 1998, R.E.M. released the more upbeat Reveal, which was co-produced with long-time collaborator Patrick McCarthy.

In 2002, R.E.M. allowed each track of the album to be remixed by different producers and members of the music industry. The resulting remix album, r.e.m.IX, is available as a free download from R.E.M.'s official website. In 2005, Warner Bros. Records issued an expanded two-disc edition of Reveal which includes a CD and a DVD, as well as the original CD booklet with expanded liner notes.

The lead single, "Imitation of Life", became another UK Top 10 hit as well as their first number one single in Japan, but floundered at the bottom of the U.S. singles charts. Further singles from Reveal are "All The Way To Reno (You're Gonna Be A Star)" and "I'll Take The Rain". Building on examples from their previous album, 'Up', "Beat A Drum", "Summer Turns To High" and "Beachball" are musical homages to The Beach Boys, of whom both Mike Mills and Peter Buck are major fans.

The opening track, "The Lifting", is a prequel to "Daysleeper" from R.E.M.'s 1998 album, Up, and features the same character.[1]

Initial critical response to Reveal was positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 76, based on 20 reviews.[2]

Although it was promoted as a return to form, with early comparisons to Automatic for the People, the critical reaction to Reveal was warmer than the notices which greeted Up in 1998, particularly in the UK where it reached #1 with healthy sales. In the United States, Reveal peaked at #6 (with 10 weeks on the Billboard 200) and went gold, still selling below expectations. As of March 2007, Reveal has sold 415,000 units in the U.S. [3]

"When a band that's been around as long as R.E.M. are still doing their best work, that's really unusual," said U2's Bono in 2003. "I think Reveal is one of the best records they've ever made: beautiful melodies, beautiful singing, and really evolved songwriting."

Tracks: 

1.	"The Lifting" – 4:39
2.	"I've Been High" – 3:25
3.	"All the Way to Reno (You're Gonna Be a Star)" – 4:43
4.	"She Just Wants to Be" – 5:22
5.	"Disappear" – 4:11
6.	"Saturn Return" – 4:55
7.	"Beat a Drum" – 4:21
8.	"Imitation of Life" – 3:57
9.	"Summer Turns to High" – 3:31
10.	"Chorus and the Ring" – 4:31
11.	"I'll Take the Rain" – 5:51
12.	"Beachball" – 4:14






Around the Sun 2004


Around the Sun is the 13th studio album by the American band R.E.M., released in 2004.

"The Outsiders" features a guest appearance by rapper Q-Tip, recalling a similar appearance by KRS-One on "Radio Song" from the band's 1991 album Out of Time. When performed live, Michael Stipe carries out the rap, as he does on a later b-side release of the song.

"Final Straw" is a politically charged song, reminiscent in tone of "World Leader Pretend" on Green (though Stipe has often mentioned the latter's very personal lyrical themes of "using military terms to describe a battle within.")[citation needed] The version on the album is a remix of the original version, which was made available as a free download on March 25, 2003 from the band's website. The song was written as a protest of the American government's actions in the Iraq War.

Around the Sun is also the first R.E.M. album to contain a title track.

Around the Sun generally received lukewarm reviews, and despite hitting #1 in the UK, it became their first studio album to miss the U.S. Top 10 (reaching #13 with 7 weeks in the Billboard 200) since 1988's Green and is still awaiting a gold record. As of March 2007, Around the Sun has sold 2 million copies worldwide and 232,000 units in the U.S.[1] This is less than R.E.M. had previously sold in the first week of an album's release while in their early to mid-1990s commercial peak.

Lead single "Leaving New York" became a UK Top 5 hit, with additional singles "Aftermath," "Electron Blue" and "Wanderlust" becoming minor hits there as well. Around the Sun did not have any singles success in the United States, however. It's the band's first studio album to fail to have a song chart on the Hot 100 since Fables of the Reconstruction in 1985.

After the release of their following album, Accelerate, guitarist Peter Buck said that for him Around the Sun "... just wasn't really listenable, because it sounds like what it is, a bunch of people that are so bored with the material that they can't stand it anymore."

Tracks:

1.	"Leaving New York" – 4:49
2.	"Electron Blue" – 4:12
3.	"The Outsiders" (feat. Q-Tip) – 4:14
4.	"Make It All Okay" – 3:43
5.	"Final Straw" – 4:06
6.	"I Wanted to Be Wrong" – 4:34
7.	"Wanderlust" – 3:04
8.	"Boy in the Well" – 5:22
9.	"Aftermath" – 3:52
10.	"High Speed Train" – 5:03
11.	"The Worst Joke Ever" – 3:37
12.	"The Ascent of Man" – 4:07
13.	"Around the Sun" – 4:29






Accelerate 2008


Accelerate is the fourteenth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released on March 31, 2008 in Europe, and on April 1 in North America. Produced with Jacknife Lee, Accelerate is intended as a departure from the 2004 album Around the Sun.[1] R.E.M. previewed several of the album's tracks during a five-night residency at the Olympia Theatre in Dublin, Ireland, and recorded the album in a nine-week schedule.

R.E.M.'s previous record Around the Sun (2004) only sold 240,000 copies in the U.S. and was poorly received by critics.[2] The band members later expressed displeasure with the album. Guitarist Peter Buck told Q, "I personally hated it. [Quickly] No, hated is too hard. I hated the fact that it wasn't as good as it should've been." Buck admitted the band felt pressure to subsequently make a better record; he told Q, "Even Michael [Stipe] was going, 'Y'know, if we make another bad record, it's over.' It's like, 'No kidding.'"[3]

Buck and bassist Mike Mills began working on instrumental demos in winter 2007, assisted by touring members Bill Rieflin and Scott McCaughey. The music they wrote was faster and more aggressive than other material they had written in years.[4] Mills suggested the band work out its new songs in a live setting before recording them, as it had done in its early years.[4] Between June 30 and July 5, 2007, R.E.M. played a five-night series of shows at the Dublin's Olympia Theatre. In this series of shows--dubbed "working rehearsals" by the band, many songs on Accelerate were debuted, with many of them still as works in progress.[5] These performances would later be released as Live at The Olympia in 2009.

At the urging of The Edge of U2, R.E.M. chose to record the album with producer Jacknife Lee.[citation needed] Following the Olympia Theatre residency, R.E.M. scheduled three-week recording sessions in three different cities in order to keep its focus. The tight recording schedule prevented Stipe from spending too much time working on his lyrics and vocal parts. Stipe told Spin, "I work really well under pressure, and the guys know that all too well... So the pace forced me to kind of spit stuff out."[4] Other possible album titles included "Future Tense" and "Wow!".[citation needed] The group mixed the album in a London studio in ten days. Regarding the recording process, Stipe said, "We spent less time making this record than we have in 20 years".[6]

R.E.M. was reluctant to pin down the style of their new album so as not to create wayward expectations.[7] The new material featured in the Dublin concerts demonstrated a much more stripped-down, guitar-driven sound than was featured on the band's recent releases, and Mike Mills has indicated that these shows give a good indication of the band's direction. Stipe said his lyrics on Accelerate are inspired by the contemporary state of the nation, saying, "When the empire is going down the toilet, it's easy to write great, angry songs."[4]

On January 1, 2008, R.E.M. launched the website NinetyNights.com, on which a new short clip from Accelerate was posted daily until the album's release.[8] In February, R.E.M. launched the website supernaturalsuperserious.com with eleven videos to promote the album. A week later, R.E.M. launched remaccelerate.com, a web page for promoting and aggregating news about the album itself.

In late March 2008, the band released Accelerate as a digital web streams on iLike six days prior to the American release of its physical album in April. Michael Stipe said R.E.M. wanted to experiment with its distribution system, citing the change in the music industry since the release of Around the Sun.[9] A deluxe edition of the album was released in addition to the standard edition; it includes a DVD featuring filmmaker Vincent Moon's film 6 Days, which includes behind-the-scenes footage and performances of various songs on the album. Two B-side tracks, "Red Head Walking" and "Airliner," are included as bonus tracks, along with a 64-page booklet. The vinyl version consists of two 12 inch discs each running at 45 RPM, and contains the full album on CD.

Accelerate debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 115,000 copies,[10] and became the band's eighth album to top the British album charts.[11] "Supernatural Superserious" was released as the album's first single. The second single "Hollow Man", was released in June 2008, with "Man-Sized Wreath" following in August. According to Billboard, Accelerate stayed 18 weeks on the Billboard 200 chart.[12]

Accelerate has been generally well-received by critics, receiving a score of 79 out of 100 on Metacritic.[13] Rolling Stone gave the album four out of five stars, with critic David Fricke praising the group's aggressive sound, writing, "Stipe has not sounded this viscerally engaged in his singing and poetically lethal in his writing since the twilight of the Reagan administration."[14] NME reviewer Alan Woodhouse, similarly applauding the group's return to their previous sound, gave Accelerate an eight out of ten rating, and concluded, "Accelerate is by some considerable distance R.E.M.'s best and most cohesive album since [former drummer] Bill Berry left, and crucially echoes a time when they made their best music, if not necessarily their biggest-selling."[15] Q reviewer Keith Cameron wrote that unlike Around the Sun, "Accelerate is the sound of a band having enjoyed a good word with themselves — and us." Cameron described the album's first three songs as "powerful as the first half of 1986's Lifes Rich Pageant," but commented that the album suffers through a "midway dip that afflicts even the best R.E.M. album."[16]

Time reviewer Josh Tyrangiel praised guitarist Buck's "resurgence" and "propulsive riffs," but also wrote, "R.E.M.'s 14th album never quite generates the moody atmospherics of their first 10; it's a little hard to lose yourself in something that doesn't pause long enough for you to get lost."[17] Uncut gave the album three out of five stars. Reviewer John Mulvey stated, "Accelerate is a simple, pragmatic record built on an uncomfortable truth: sometimes, even the best bands have to retrace their steps, if only to remind themselves what they're really good at."


Tracks: 

1.	"Living Well Is the Best Revenge" – 3:11
2.	"Man-Sized Wreath" – 2:32
3.	"Supernatural Superserious" – 3:23
4.	"Hollow Man" – 2:39
5.	"Houston" – 2:05
6.	"Accelerate" – 3:33
7.	"Until the Day Is Done" – 4:08
8.	"Mr. Richards" – 3:46
9.	"Sing for the Submarine" – 4:50
10.	"Horse to Water" – 2:18
11.	"I'm Gonna DJ" – 2:07





COMPILATIONS 





Dead Letter Office 1987


Dead Letter Office is a rarities and B-sides collection by R.E.M., released in 1987. The album essentially a collection of many additional recordings R.E.M. made pre-Murmur to Lifes Rich Pageant that were outtakes or released as flip sides to their singles internationally. Many of the tracks are favorite cover versions indicating the band's disparate influences and musical tastes, including three Velvet Underground covers, and songs by Pylon, Aerosmith and Roger Miller.

Guitarist Peter Buck composed wry, self-deprecating (and, in one instance, apologetic) liner notes to the songs on the album. Buck initially had doubts about releasing it, saying he felt as though people would perceive the album as the band "trying to cash in, maybe to sell some records," as the ultimate release date predated that of the band's final studio album with IRS, Document, by a mere five months.[1]

The album was initially issued as a 15-song collection on vinyl and cassette, but when its CD edition appeared (now the only available edition of Dead Letter Office) the five tracks from the band's 1982 Chronic Town EP were added. This is also the only current CD availability of Chronic Town.

Dead Letter Office originally reached #52 in the U.S. and #60 in the UK.


Tracks: 

1.	"Crazy" (Randy Bewley, Vanessa Briscoe, Curtis Crowe, Michael Lachowski) – 3:03 B-side of "Driver 8" 7 inch single & "Wendell Gee" 7 & 12 inch singles
2.	"There She Goes Again" (Lou Reed) – 2:50 B-side of I.R.S. "Radio Free Europe" 7 inch single
3.	"Burning Down" – 4:12 B-side of "Wendell Gee" 7 & 12 inch singles
4.	"Voice of Harold"1 – 4:24 B-side of "So. Central Rain" 12 inch single
5.	"Burning Hell" – 3:49 B-side of "Cant Get There From Here" 12 inch single
6.	"White Tornado" – 1:55 Recorded on the same day as the "Radio Free Europe" single in 1981, previously unreleased
7.	"Toys in the Attic" (Steven Tyler, Joe Perry) – 2:28 B-side of "Fall On Me" 12 inch singles
8.	"Windout" (Jerry Ayers, Berry, Buck, Mills, Stipe) – 1:58 from Bachelor Party soundtrack
9.	"Ages of You" – 3:42 B-side of "Wendell Gee" 7 & 12 inch singles
10.	"Pale Blue Eyes" (Reed) – 2:53 B-side of "So. Central Rain" 12 inch single
11.	"Rotary Ten" – 2:00 B-side of "Fall on Me" 7 inch single
12.	"Bandwagon" (Berry, Buck, Mills, Lynda Stipe, M. Stipe) – 2:16 B-side of "Cant Get There From Here" 7 & 12 inch singles
13.	"Femme Fatale" (Reed) – 2:49 B-side of "Superman" 12 inch single
14.	"Walters Theme"2 – 1:32 B-side of "So. Central Rain" 7 inch single
15.	"King of the Road" (Roger Miller) – 3:13 B-side of "So. Central Rain" 7 inch single


CD Bonus tracks (Chronic Town EP) 

16.	"Wolves, Lower" – 4:10
17.	"Gardening at Night" – 3:29
18.	"Carnival of Sorts (Boxcars)" – 3:54
19.	"1,000,000" – 3:06
20.	"Stumble" – 5:40







Eponymous 1988 

Eponymous is the first compilation album album by R.E.M., released in 1988. It was their last authorized release on I.R.S. Records, to whom they had been contracted since 1982, having just signed with Warner Bros. Records. The title is a pun on the convention in the recording industry to refer to a band's self-titled album (e.g., Pretenders) as their "Eponymous Album".

Eponymous is notable for its inclusion of several rare or alternate versions of known tracks. Spanning from the Chronic Town EP to the previous year's breakthrough hit album Document, Eponymous provides a fair overview of R.E.M.'s early work.

The album features the alternate title "File Under Grain", a reference to the cover photograph. A previous album, Document, had "File Under Fire" inscribed on it and Reckoning, featured the words "File Under Water". Inside the album a photograph of singer Michael Stipe with the words "They Airbrushed My Face" across his eyes.

Released in October 1988, just a month before R.E.M.'s Warner Bros. debut Green appeared, Eponymous reached #44 in the US and #69 in the UK.


Tracks: 

1.	"Radio Free Europe" (Original Hib-Tone Single) – 3:47
2.	"Gardening at Night" (Different Vocal Mix)1 – 3:30
3.	"Talk About the Passion" (from Murmur, 1983) – 3:20
4.	"So. Central Rain" (from Reckoning, 1984) – 3:15
5.	"(Don't Go Back To) Rockville" (from Reckoning, 1984) – 4:32
6.	"Cant Get There from Here" (from Fables of the Reconstruction, 1985) – 3:39
7.	"Driver 8" (from Fables of the Reconstruction, 1985) – 3:23
8.	"Romance"2 – 3:25
9.	"Fall on Me" (from Lifes Rich Pageant, 1986) – 2:50
10.	"The One I Love" (from Document, 1987) – 3:16
11.	"Finest Worksong" (Mutual Drum Horn Mix)3 – 3:50
12.	"It's the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine)" (from Document, 1987) – 4:05





Enjoy REM  :)
