This is the story behind the chemistry of Freedom Hawk. It started with T.R. and Mark in 1996, two guys that had been just playing their instruments by themselves. They met through a mutual friend who played music. For years they just goofed off, jamming with different drummers, but never got anything together. T.R. moved to Florida, but they both continued to play on their own with other musicians. T.R. moved back in 2000 and had a four track and they started to record their jams. They met Lenny through a mutual friend in 2004 who had been in a ton of bands before they met. Lenny is a pure jam drummer who also clicked. He was interested in and liked the style of music they were playing; raw sloppy rock but they all felt the changes and knew which direction to go next. They continued for about a year, when Lenny wanted to put some structure to the jams and turn them into songs. T.R. wanted to fatten up the sound and add another guitarist. They found and played with a couple of guitarists but it didn't work out. That's when Mark's brother Matt came in 2005 and also clicked. Matt was an awesome lead guitarist, and was musically trained, which helped them further the sound. He was the final piece that made the band complete.

They recorded a demo that tightened up four songs and showed them the way to tighten up the rest. The first name they came up with was Down Green Well, which came from where they practiced. They played a few shows under that name but the band didn't want to keep it. T.R. didn't feel it represented the sound and changed it to Freedom Hawk without consulting band. It was supposed to change from Freedom Hawk to something else but never did. The band embraced the name and has continued to soar and attack the mainstream since day one! The first show they played under the name Freedom Hawk was with Year Long Disaster and Throttlerod. Since the first show the band has not slowed down....putting out multiple EP's in 2006/2007 (Universal & Self Titled) and a full length (Sunlight) in 2008.

They continue to write new music and tour extensively. Most notably they have and continue to do Volcom tours, Surf/Skate/Snow Expos, and Festivals/Events all throughout the East Coast from NYC to Florida. They have shared the stage and toured with many great national/regional bands such as Year Long Disaster, Nebula, Totimoshi, Parlor Mob, Burning Brides, Beaten Back to Pure, The Needles, Candy Snatchers, Sourvein, ASG, Thunderlip, Revery, Throttlerod, Valkyrie, Wooly Mammoth and more... Freedom Hawk prides itself on a high energy, live, up-close and personal experience that makes fans want to feel and hear more. They have been quoted by Live Performer Magazine from a live show as the "East Coast's answer to Fu Manchu, keeping it simple and thick with harmonious metal groove. It wasn't heavy riffs and growls, but power riffs and soulful rock delivery wrapped in metal packaging. Freedom Hawk's sound is large, like trying to force an elephant to fit in a closet. It is also melodic for such heavy handed playing. Walls of guitar riffs were pushed out heavy, soaring and moving like swells and waves at the same time." They don't plan on slowing down anytime soon with a possible national tour in 2009 so look out for them in a town near you. Hope you enjoy the RAWK and keep in touch!

Current line-up 
Lenny Hines - Drums
Matt Cave - Guitars
Mark Cave - Bass
T.R. Morton - Guitars/Vocals 

Genre = Stoner / Doom Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
1. On the Other Side   
2. Universal   
3. My Road   
4. Ten Years   
5. Bad Man   
6. Jay Walker   
7. Hollow Caverns 