Death By Degrees for the Ps2                                     Rel. 02/09/2005


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Action Adventure
Rating:        M (Mature)
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.



You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Game Description:

In this Tekken spin-off, you control assassin Nina Williams as she fights to take down terrorist organization/evil corporation Kometa. She infiltrated a luxury cruise ship, Amphitrite, as a fighter in an illegal fighting tournament. The mission was to find out more about this organization, and two other CIA operatives were sent onboard the cruiser. Nina was but a support member of the team, not to take anything in her own hands unless her colleagues fail. Yet, when she is taken captive, and receives the news of mission failed, she's about to take matters into her own hands, and do what she's trained to do... sweep off the decks.

Nina must make her way through a large cruise ship, finding keys and scanning prints to gain access to more areas while using stealth to avoid the guards. When stealth fails, the game's more unique aspects come into play. Although game uses 3rd-person perspective, on certain occasions it switches to 1st-person view such as when using a sniper rifle, swimming underwater, or crawling the ducts.

Death by Degrees uses analog sticks to perform the attacks. The left stick moves Nina, and make her dodge when tapped instead of moved gradually, while the right stick makes her attack in whatever direction it is tapped, so attacks can be executed in any direction. Blocks are executed by holding the right stick toward the enemy at the precise moment of attack. In fights, you can disable enemies quickly with precisely-aimed bone-breaking maneuvers. When executed correctly, the game switches to an x-ray views to bone crushing a bit more enhanced then it was done in Rogue Ops. You can lock camera over your shoulder in most of the areas, which then allows you to freely rotate the camera while Nina is constantly in her running mode. Beside martial arts, she can use variety of melee weapons like knives, batons, swords, and such, as well as pistols, machine guns, and other firearms. As you defeat opponents, you gain points which serves you to upgrade already rich plethora of moves and attacks.


Features:

* Intuitive 360 degree combat engine lets Nina counter enemy threats on all sides 
  at any time. Utilize both analog sticks to unleash a deadly flurry of attacks
  in any direction. Burst organs and shatter bone—use Nina’s on–screen 
  “X-ray vision” to target enemies’ vital areas. 

* Master a vast array of firearms, blade weapons—including tonfa and katana—and 
  acrobatic, hand–to–hand combat moves for unheard-of gameplay variety.

* Thrilling stealth sequences allow you to silence enemies with chokeholds or 
  swipe fingerprints from downed sentries to gain high security clearance and 
  access protected areas.

* Gripping, cinematic storyline unfolds across more than an hour of pre–rendered
  and in–game movies.

* Make use of Nina’s signature Tekken moves, including throws, submission holds
  and the lethal Evil Mist.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!