Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:31

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2193 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.19 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps


"Habibi Dah (Nari Narain)" (translation: that's my love: my fire is doubled) is a popular Arabic song by Egyptian singer Hisham Abbas, with parts of the song sung in Hindi by Indian singer Jayashri. The single went platinum in Egypt and won the award for Best Video at the Egyptian Oscars.

The song contains Arabic and Hindi elements in which the male singer sings in Arabic while the female singer sings in Hindi.

The video for the song was made in 2002. It was shot on location in India and features Kathakali dancers from Kerala.

Mohammad Hisham Mahmoud Mohammad Abbas was born on September 13, 1963 in Cairo, Egypt. He is commonly known as just Hisham Abbas. He is an Egyptian pop singer best known for his hit song Nari Narain.

He had his primary education in Dar El Tefl school. He was home-schooled for his secondary education & GCE. Later on he enrolled in American University in Cairo as he graduated with a major in Mechanical Engineering. He decided to pursue art as his profession rather than Engineering.

Abbas took his first step as a professional singer being a member of Pats Band band with his partner in the band Aliaa Saleh and other friends. They covered a number of Egyptian and Arabic classing songs, such as "Halawet Shamsena", "Ala Remesh Oyonha", "El Wala Dah" and more. Then he met up with widely-known producer and singer Hameed El Shaery. They collaborated to produce successful songs that highlighted Abbas' position in the music scene. Songs like "Halal Aleik", "Allah Yesalem Halak", "Habetah", and "Saea Albak".

Abbas' career bloomed later on to release several songs. He rose in the early 1990s with successful hits like "Wana Wana Wana", "Eineha El Sood", "Ta'ala", "Ya Leila", "Shoofi" and his most successful hit, "Habibi Dah (Nari Narain)". Up to this day, he has 10 solo studio albums in his account. He received a number of awards, the most notable one was Orbit's Arabic Song Award in 1997.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/