Soulsavers (also known as The Soulsavers Soundsystem) are an English production and remix team comprised of Rich Machin and Ian Glover. The Soulsavers' downtempo electronica sound incorporates influences of rock, gospel, soul, and country. To date, the duo has released three albums: Tough Guys Don't Dance in 2003, It's Not How Far You Fall, It's the Way You Land (with Mark Lanegan and others) in 2007, and Broken in 2009.

Soulsavers' third album, Broken, was released on August 17, 2009. Mark Lanegan once again featured as the main vocalist. Other prominent musicians such as Mike Patton (of Faith No More, Mr. Bungle, Tomahawk and other projects), Jason Pierce (of Spiritualized and Spacemen 3), Richard Hawley, and Gibby Haynes (of Butthole Surfers) also feature on the album. The non-album single "Sunrise," a song written by Lanegan and sung by Will Oldham, preceded the album release on August 3, 2009. The B-side is a cover of Palace Brothers' "You Will Miss Me When I Burn," a song written by Oldham and sung by Lanegan, that also features on the Broken album.

The pair are also making headway as film score composers, with a portfolio of work that includes the feature documentary BattleGround: 21 Days on the Empire's Edge produced by the Guerrilla News Network.

Broken is the third full-length studio album from electronica production duo Soulsavers, released by V2 Records in the UK on August 17, 2009, and released by Columbia Records in the US in September as a digital download. As with their 2007 album It's Not How Far You Fall, It's the Way You Land, a collaboration with Mark Lanegan and a host of guest vocalists, Broken once again features Lanegan as the primary vocalist, as well as contributions from Bonnie "Prince" Billy (Will Oldham), Jason Pierce (of Spiritualized and Spacemen 3), Mike Patton (of Faith No More), Richard Hawley, and Gibby Haynes (of Butthole Surfers).The non-album single "Sunrise," a song written by Lanegan and sung by Will Oldham, preceded the album release on August 3, 2009. The AA-side is a cover of Palace Brothers' "You Will Miss Me When I Burn," written by Oldham and sung by Lanegan, that also features on the album.

In a press release for the album, Rich Machin described Broken as the result of Soulsavers' live incarnation. "Touring has definitely brought the guitars to the front of Broken and it's got a more soulful twist too. And though it clearly has some very dark overtones, I don't think it's quite as dark as the last. The album was recorded over 2008 and 2009 in Los Angeles and North England, and also features the vocals of newcomer Red Ghost, the performing moniker of Rosa Agostino. According to Rich, "This young Australian girl from Sydney kept on sending me demos... and she was better than most everything else we'd heard. We traded ideas, and it really gelled."

Released	August 17, 2009
Recorded	2008–2009
Genre	Electronica
Alternative rock
Length	64:52
Label	V2 Records
Cooperative Music
Columbia Records
Producer	The Soulsavers
1.	"The Seventh Proof" (instrumental)	Glover, Machin	3:03
2.	"Death Bells" (vocals by Mark Lanegan & Gibby Haynes)	Glover, Lanegan, Machin, Warren	4:50
3.	"Unbalanced Pieces" (vocals by Mark Lanegan & Mike Patton)	Glover, Lanegan, Machin	4:07
4.	"You Will Miss Me When I Burn" (vocals by Mark Lanegan & Red Ghost)	Oldham	3:48
5.	"Some Misunderstanding" (vocals by Mark Lanegan)	Clark	7:57
6.	"All the Way Down" (vocals by Mark Lanegan)	Glover, Lanegan, Machin	4:49
7.	"Shadows Fall" (vocals by Mark Lanegan & Richard Hawley)	Glover, Lanegan, Machin, Warren	6:36
8.	"Can't Catch the Train" (vocals by Mark Lanegan)	Glover, Lanegan, Machin	3:34
9.	"Pharaoh's Chariot" (vocals by Mark Lanegan & Jason Pierce)	Glover, Lanegan, Machin	4:32
10.	"Praying Ground" (vocals by Red Ghost)	Johnson, Lanegan, Richards	3:44
11.	"Rolling Sky" (vocals by Mark Lanegan & Red Ghost)	Glover, Lanegan, Machin	7:05
12.	"Wise Blood" (instrumental)	Glover, Machin	5:37
13.	"By My Side" (vocals by Red Ghost)	Agostino, Glover, Machin	5:15

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed