The complete third season of Closer To Truth, 15 episodes:

301 - Is Science Fiction Science?
302 - Can We Believe in Both Science & Religion?
303 - How Does the Autistic Brain Work?
304 - How Weird is the Cosmos?
305 - Microbes - Friend or Foe?
306 - How Does Order Arise in the Universe?
307 - Why is Music So Significant?
308 - Will Computers Take a Quantum Leap?
309 - Does Psychiatry have a Split Personality?
310 - How Does Basic Science Defend America?
311 - Who Gets to Validate Alternative Medicine?
312 - Is Consciousness Definable?
313 - Is the Universe Full of Life?
314 - Can Religion Withstand Technology?
315 - Testing New Drugs- Are People Guinea Pigs?


Closer To Truth is the definitive series on Cosmos, Consciousness and God, a global journey in search of the vital ideas of existence. It is the most complete, compelling, and accessible series on Cosmos, Consciousness and God ever produced for television.

Closer To Truth explores fundamental issues of universe, brain/mind, religion, meaning and purpose through intimate, candid conversations with leading scientists, philosophers, scholars, theologians and creative thinkers of all kinds. The shows are a rich visual experience, shot entirely on location in high definition with multiple cameras generating rich production values. The visual lushness of the high definition, on-location productions, combined with the intriguing titles of the shows, builds audiences already interested in mankind's greatest questions.

Public fascination with questions of Cosmos, Consciousness and particularly of God has grown substantially in recent years. Public debate has been intense, often heated. Closer To Truth presents to mass audiences these leading-edge ideas in an approachable, rational and balanced manner, and introduces the human personalities behind these ideas.

Closer To Truth is hosted and executive produced by Dr. Robert Lawrence Kuhn.

Closer To Truth is Robert's life journey to grasp Cosmos, Consciousness, and God, visiting those who think deeply about existence, meaning and purpose.

As Robert says, "I do not promise that you will find Ultimate Truth. I do promise that you will be exhilarated... getting Closer To Truth".

 
http://www.closertotruth.com/


-------------------------------------------------

Version history:

1.1 (2010-04-08):
  - Compressed all the videos (losslessly) with WinRAR, saving 35%.
  - Corrected a typo in the torrent comment:  *15* episodes, not 14.
1.0 (2009-08-31):
  - [First public release].
