For a great intro to Hitchens, search for his @Google talk on
From wiki...


Christopher Eric Hitchens (born 13 April 1949) is an English-American author and journalist. His books, essays, and journalistic career have spanned more than four decades, making him a public intellectual, and a staple of talk shows and lecture circuits. He has been a columnist and literary critic at The Atlantic, Vanity Fair, Slate, World Affairs, The Nation, Free Inquiry, and a variety of other media outlets.
As a political observer, polemicist and self-defined radical, Hitchens rose to prominence as a fixture of the left-wing publications of both his native United Kingdom and United States. Hitchens's departure from the established political left began in 1989 after what he called the "tepid reaction" of the European left following Ayatollah Khomeini's issue of a fatwā calling for the murder of Salman Rushdie. The 11 September 2001 attacks strengthened his embrace of an interventionist foreign policy, and his vociferous criticism of what he called "fascism with an Islamic face." Hitchens's support for interventionism, employment of the term "Islamofascist" and his notable support for the Iraq War have caused his critics to label him a "neoconservative". Hitchens, however, refuses to embrace this designation,[2][3] insisting himself to be not "any kind of conservative".[4]
Hitchens is an atheist and has been identified as being an exponent of the "new atheism" movement. Hitchens is a secular humanist and anti-theist,[5] and describes himself as a believer in the philosophical values of the Age of Enlightenment. His main argument is that the concept of God or a supreme being is a totalitarian belief that destroys individual freedom, and that free expression and scientific discovery should replace religion, which inhibits these things, as a means of teaching ethics and defining human civilization. Hitchens wrote at length on atheism and the nature of religion in the 2007 book god Is Not Great.
Hitchens is known for his ardent admiration of George Orwell, Thomas Paine, and Thomas Jefferson, and also for his excoriating critiques of Mother Teresa, Bill and Hillary Clinton, and Henry Kissinger, among others. These views, often stylized as contrarian, along with his argumentative and confrontational style of debate and writing, have made him both a lauded and controversial figure. The San Francisco Chronicle referred to Hitchens as a "gadfly with gusto".[6] In 2009 Hitchens was listed by Forbes magazine as one of the "25 most influential liberals in the U.S. media."[7] However, the same article noted that he would "likely be aghast to find himself on this list", since it reduces his self-styled radicalism to mere liberalism.
Retaining his British citizenship, Hitchens became a United States citizen on the steps of the Jefferson Memorial, on his fifty-eighth birthday on 13 April 2007.[8] In September 2008, he was made a media fellow at the Hoover Institution.[9] His autobiography, entitled Hitch-22: A Memoir, was published in June 2010.[10] Hitchens lives in Washington DC.
