Starinar Torrents: Traditional, Tribal, Ritual, Sacred and Indigenous Music. ENJoY!

Drums of Death (African Voodoo Funeral)

# Song Name
1 Parago (5:33)
2 Akom (5:33)
3 Adova 1 (4:24)
4 Adova 2 (2:08)
5 Atokwe 1 (5:47)
6 Atokwe 2 (2:54)
7 Atokwe 3 (22:43)


SELECTIONS: PARAGO / AKOM / ADOVA 1 / ADOVA 2 / ATKOWE 1 / ATKOWE 2 / ATKOWE 3
These field recordings, captured by Mark Seidenfeld in November of 1996 during a Vaudou (Voodoo) funeral in the African village of Sogakope, Ghana, does a great service to the western world by bringing the intensity, anger, joy and pure passion of the ceremony to western culture. The emotions conjured by these recordings is difficult to express, suffice it to say that the somber tone of a European funeral or even the joyous wail of a New Orleans jazz funeral are indeed worlds away. Seidenfeld was only permitted to record these wonderful performances on the condition that he participate in the ceremony, and the results are perhaps the best of the tribal field recordings that I've encountered. A row of seven drummers are complimented by the village women who join in on wooden clappers, poignantly augmented by the angry wails of their native death songs. The large main drum is the source of improvisation and is played by tow men; one on the skin and the other beating sticks on the drum's wooden body. A treasure for those interested in the ways and origins of Voodoo, or for anyone with the desire to explore the brilliant music of other cultures. (Japanese Import)


Album Review

Not the sort of thing one would immediately identify with John Zorn, this superb recording was nonetheless issued on his Avant label in 1997. It consists of field recordings made the previous year by Mark Seidenfeld during a funeral procession of the Ewe people in central Ghana, and is a hugely exciting helping of riveting, passionate drum work. There are seven primary drummers accompanied by many villagers on small percussion and occasional vocalizing. While five of the drummers maintain traditional (and usually quite complex) rhythms, the two manning the largest drum are free to improvise, one on the skin, one on its wooden sides. The firestorm these musicians are able to conjure up can be nothing short of incredible, with intricate rhythmic matrices getting subsumed into passionate pounding that explodes orgasmically. The disc leads off with six intense, shorter pieces before concluding with a 23-minute marathon that will leave the listener breathless. The rhythmic and timbral richness in works like this should be required listening for any aficionado of "the beat" -- here is the beat in all its uncluttered, raw splendor. Highly recommended. ~ Brian Olewnick, All Music Guide

Album Credits

Ikue Mori Design
Kazunori Sugiyama Associate Producer
Allan Tucker Mastering
John Zorn Executive Producer
Mark Seidenfeld Producer, Engineer, Liner Notes 
Photography:
Drums Of Death Main Performer

Quality: 192kbps + cover