

Climate Change: The Science, Impacts and Solutions
Earthscan Publications Ltd. | 2009-08 | ISBN: 0643094849 | 370 pages | PDF

It is widely accepted in the scientific community that climate change is a reality, and is happening now rapidly. In this second edition, leading climate researcher Barrie Pittock revisits the effects that global warming is having on our planet, in light of new scientific research.

Pittock presents all sides of the arguments about the science and possible remedies. He argues that "uncertainty is inevitable, but risk is certain". Uncertainty is not a reason for doing nothing (or merely advocating more research) but rather to evaluate and manage risk.

This new edition takes into account the latest analyses of climate change, such as alarming observations regarding Arctic sea ice, the recently published IPCC Synthesis Report, and the policies of the new Australian Government and how they affect the implementation of climate change initiatives. It also incudes extensive endnotes with links to ongoing and updated information, as well as extra figures.

While the message is clear that climate change is here (and in some areas, might be too far gone), there is still hope for the future, and the ideas presented in this book will inspire people to take action. New material focuses on massive investments in large-scale renewables, such as those being taken up in California, as well as small scale action in individual homes and businesses driven by both regulation and market mechanisms.

Climate Change: The Science, Impacts and Solutions is an important reference for students in environmental or social sciences, policy makers, and people who are genuinely concerned about the future of our environment.

Features
' Expert scientific description of the problem of climate change, warts and all
' Answers the frequently asked questions on climate change including 'How do we know it is really happening?', 'What will the effects be?' and 'What can we do about it?'
' Provides a truly global perspective, with sections focussing on the key international players
' Updated beyond the IPCC report of 2007
' Clear discussion of the potential for rapid sea-level rise associated with Greenland and Antarctica
' New assessment of the need for stricter emissions reductions on the one hand and of new technologies to achieve this on the other
' Recognition of new developments in transport, especially the potential of compressed air cars and improved public transport
