PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: B11B49A8214890453C54F9F8CEAAFC08C96658BD
File Size: 3.03 GB
Label: Slash, London, Reprise, Mordam


Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


Faith No Man 1982
We Care a Lot 1985
Introduce Yourself 1987 
The Real Thing 1989 CD 25878 *
Live at Brixton Academy 1991
Angel Dust 1992 CD 26785 *
Songs to Make Love To 1993
King for a Day Fool for a Lifetime 1995 W2 45723 *
Album of the Year 1997 W2 46629*
Who Cares A Lot (Greatest Hits) 1998 CDW 47149 *


* Denotes my rip


I would like to thank Demonoid members alekow for his rips of Introduce Yourself & Live at the Brixton Academy, Kriegstreiber for Songs to Make Love To and “Anonymous” at Pirate Bay for his generous up of Faith No More – 11 CD which included Faith No Man and We Care a Lot. Thank You dudes! Also, for those that acquired my earlier Faith No More – Who Cares a Lot torrent from about 2 years ago it had an error on Disc 2 where two tracks were the same song. I have since re-ripped and have fixed this issue. 


Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Faith No More is an American rock band from San Francisco, California, formed originally as Faith No Man in 1981 by bassist Billy Gould, keyboardist Wade Worthington, frontman Mike Morris and drummer Mike Bordin.[3] A year later when Wade Worthington was replaced by keyboardist Roddy Bottum, and Mike Morris was ousted, the group began calling themselves Faith No More. After going through a series of singers which included Courtney Love, the band was joined by Chuck Mosley in 1983. The same year, Jim Martin was recruited to replace guitarist Mark Bowen. The band is best known for combining elements of heavy metal, funk, progressive rock, hip hop, hardcore punk, thrash metal, and jazz and easy listening, among many others,[4] and have been hailed as an influential rock band.[3][5]

Faith No More underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album, We Care a Lot, in 1985. Within a year the band signed up with Slash Records, and in 1987 their second album Introduce Yourself was released. Membership remained stable until vocalist Chuck Mosley was replaced by Mike Patton in 1988. In 1989, the band released their highly successful album, The Real Thing, which featured their breakthrough hit single "Epic". The band's next album, 1992's Angel Dust, was also highly successful and spawned the hit "Midlife Crisis", which became their sole #1 hit on the Modern Rock Tracks chart in their career. Faith No More however declined in popularity in the subsequent years. Longtime guitarist Jim Martin left the group in 1994 and was replaced by Mr. Bungle guitarist Trey Spruance. After the release of their next album, 1995's King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime, Spruance was replaced briefly by Dean Menta, who would eventually be replaced by their current guitarist Jon Hudson. After releasing one more album, Album of the Year, in 1997, Faith No More broke up in April 1998, and all members began work on side projects.

On February 24, 2009, Faith No More announced that they would be reforming for a European tour with the same lineup before their break up.[6] In June 2009, they performed together for the first time in eleven years at the Brixton Academy in London, England, as part of their The Second Coming Tour. As of 2010, the band has continued to perform at multiple live venues. 





Faith. No Man.  1982


"Quiet in Heaven" and "Song of Liberty" are two songs released together as a double single and is the only official release by Faith No Man (stylised as Faith. No Man.), before the majority of their members quit and formed Faith No More. The single has been long out of print, making it very difficult to find.[1] The artwork, which was credited to Mike Morris; amongst other things, features an edited picture of Hitler wearing a tutu on the A-side of the disc[2] and a track listing on the B-side with a pale grey slipcase.


The songs were recorded in Matt Wallace's parent's garage, were Wallace had set up and been running a recording studio, while the band was still under the name of 'Sharp Young Men'[2] with Mike Morris, William Gould, Mike Bordin and Wade Worthington, who left shortly after. They changed their name to Faith No Man for the release of the single, which featured two of the three songs recorded in Wallace's garage, and hired Roddy Bottum to replace Wade. Bottum, Gould and Bordin quit the band shortly after and formed Faith No More without any constant guitarists or vocalists until they eventually settled on Chuck Mosley and Jim Martin,


Allmusic gave the release a rating of 3 out of 5 stars (     ) describing Mike Morris's vocals as "actually really good" and calls the lyrical content "typical angry San Francisco punk topics: they hate the government, they hate their girlfriends, and they're terribly unsatisfied." Allmusic also credited it as sounding better than their official début, We Care a Lot, and being a "solid post-punk/pre-goth single in general."


Tracks:


A.	"Quiet in Heaven" – 5:31
B.	"Song of Liberty" – 3:52




We Care a Lot 1985


We Care a Lot is the debut studio album by American rock band Faith No More, originally released in 1985 and distributed through San Francisco-based label Mordam Records. On the original vinyl release, the band is credited as "Faith. No More" on the album's liner notes, back cover, and on the record itself. The title track "We Care a Lot" was later rerecorded, for their follow-up album Introduce Yourself, and released as their first single. This later version of the song was incorrectly listed as the original and the album Introduce Yourself was also listed as the début in the sleeve notes for some subsequent releases, such as the 1998 compilation Who Cares a Lot?. "We Care A Lot" is available in two live recordings with Mike Patton on vocals- one on the live album "Live At The Brixton Academy" and another on the "I'm Easy/Be Aggressive" CD1 Single.The band is known to have re-recorded only one other song in the studio from We Care a Lot: the eighth track "As the Worm Turns" was recorded with Mike Patton on vocals during the Angel Dust sessions. However, a live recording of "Mark Bowen" with Mike Patton on vocals appears on the "I'm Easy/Be Aggressive" CD2 single. "We Care a Lot" is also used as the theme song for the Discovery Channel's show Dirty Jobs, hosted by Mike Rowe.


The band initially started recording the album without backing from a record label and, after pooling their money, recorded five songs. This gained the attention of Ruth Schwartz, who was then forming the independent label Mordam Records, under which the band, after receiving the finances to do so, finished and released the album; it was the first official release for both the band and the label.


While released on vinyl and cassette in 1985, this album would not be released to buy as a CD until 1995 in Australia (on Mushroom Records) as a pink disc for the first pressing, and black disc for the second, to coincide with the tour for their fifth studio album King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime, released that year. In 1996 it was reissued on CD, vinyl and cassette in the UK and Japan with slightly modified artwork, one being a purple disc.


The album received mixed but favourable reviews. Select magazine, while also mentioning the roughness of production, said that the music is inexorable and "a lustful marriage of mutoid metal and dancefloor verve that owed nothing to anybody".[9] Allmusic made repeated reference to the absence of future front man Mike Patton and criticized Chuck Mosley's vocals, calling him "often off-key, fairly monotonous, and colorless", but credited the album for having "lots of attitude" comparing it to early Public Image Limited works.


Tracks: 


1.	"We Care a Lot"  
2.	"The Jungle"  
3.	"Mark Bowen"  
4.	"Jim"  
5.	"Why Do You Bother"  
6.	"Greed"  
7.	"Pills for Breakfast"  
8.	"As the Worm Turns"  
9.	"Arabian Disco"  
10.	"New Beginnings"  






Introduce Yourself 1987


Introduce Yourself is Faith No More's second album, released in 1987. Due to the limited availability of the first album, We Care a Lot (until it was rereleased on CD years later), many, including the band, once considered this Faith No More's true debut album. This album features better mixing than its predecessor, which is most evident on this album's version of the song "We Care a Lot," which also features updated, more topical, lyrics.


The album was originally released in April 1987 on vinyl and cassette. The album cover for this release is a centered ink splatter, with text to the extremes of the cover. The tape has a larger smear of the ink, that looks more like a green spot. The second release of this album was on November 15, 1996. It was released by Slash/Uni Records. This version also featured the centered ink splatter. The last release of this album was many years later, on October 17, 2000, through Slash/Rhino Records; they later released This Is It: The Best of Faith No More in 2003. This version has a close up of the ink splatter with the wording a bit further from the edges.


Tracks: 


1.	"Faster Disco"  
2.	"Anne's Song"  
3.	"Introduce Yourself"  
4.	"Chinese Arithmetic"  
5.	"Death March"  
6.	"We Care a Lot "  
7.	"Rn'R"  
8.	"The Crab Song"  
9.	"Blood"  
10.	"Spirit"







The Real Thing 1989


The Real Thing is the third studio album by American rock quintet Faith No More, first released through Slash Records on June 20, 1989. It was the first release by the band not to feature vocalist Chuck Mosley; instead the album featured Mike Patton from the experimental rock band Mr. Bungle. On this album, Faith No More advanced their sound range combining heavy metal, progressive metal, hip hop, funk, jazz, and soul.


Faith No More underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album, We Care a Lot, released in 1985 and distributed through San Francisco-based label Mordam Records. On the original vinyl release, the band is credited as "Faith. No More" on the album's liner notes, back cover, and on the record itself. The title track "We Care a Lot" was later rerecorded, for their follow-up album Introduce Yourself in 1987, and released as their first single. Within a year the band signed up with Slash Records, and was released. Membership remained stable until vocalist Chuck Mosley was replaced by Mike Patton in 1988.


The writing for the majority of the music for The Real Thing took place after the tour for Introduce Yourself. A demo version of "The Morning After", under the moniker "New Improved Song", with alternate lyrics written and sung by Chuck Mosley was released on the Sounds•Waves 2 extended play with the Sounds magazine. "Surprise! You're Dead!" was composed by Jim Martin[1] in the 1970s, while he was guitarist for Agents of Misfortune who also featured Cliff Burton in the line up.[2] The recording of the song took place in December 1988 following Chuck Mosley's removal from the band and was completed prior to the hiring of Mike Patton, who then wrote all the lyrics for the songs and recorded them the following month over the music.[3]

The recording sessions also yielded several songs that didn't appear on the album. Two of them, "The Grade" and "The Cowboy Song", later appeared on the singles and on the UK edition of Live at the Brixton Academy. A third song, "Sweet Emotion", was later rerecorded with different lyrics as "The Perfect Crime" for the soundtrack to the film that also starred a cameo appearance from guitarist Jim Martin, Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey. The original version was released on Flexible Fiend 3 with Kerrang! magazine issue 258 and, more recently, the greatest hits compilation released to coincide with the band's reunion tour.

The tour in support of The Real Thing was the first Faith No More did with Mike Patton. The second show of the tour was filmed for the music video to "From out of Nowhere" in the I-Beam nightclub. During the show, Patton had a beer bottle smashed over his right hand causing lacerations to some tendons.[4] He was able to use his hand again after it healed, but he has no feeling in it.


The first single to be released from the album was "From Out of Nowhere" in August 30, 1989 which made number twenty-three on the UK Singles Chart.[6] This was followed by "Epic" on January 30, 1990 the music video for which received extensive airplay on MTV throughout the year, despite provoking anger from animal rights activists for a slow motion shot of a fish flopping out of water.[7][8] "Falling to Pieces" then saw release on July 2, 1990 and made it to number ninety-two on the Billboard Hot 100 before the reissue of "Epic" which then provided the bands first number one hit single, on the ARIA Charts,[9] and their only top ten single on the Billboard Hot 100, making it to number nine.[10]

"Surprise! You're Dead!" had a music video produced for it, that was directed by bassist Billy Gould featuring footage shot in Chile during a South American tour in 1990, but never saw release as an official single and the video wasn't released until its appearance on Video Croissant. "Edge of the World" saw limited release as a two track promo single in Brazil on CD and 12" vinyl, with the album version as track one and the live at Brixton Academy version as the second track, in a yellow slipcase with basic black text.

The Real Thing was one of Faith No More's most successful albums to date. It is now considered a classic metal album by fans and critics alike. Although released in mid 1989, The Real Thing didn't enter the Billboard 200 until February 1990,[13] after the release of the second single from the album, "Epic". The album eventually peaked at number eleven on the chart in October 1990,[14] following the reissue of "Epic" almost a year and half after the initial release of the album. It was eventually certified platinum in America[15] and Canada[16] as well as being certified Silver in the United Kingdom.

Tracks: 

1.	"From Out of Nowhere"  
2.	"Epic"  
3.	"Falling to Pieces"  
4.	"Surprise! You're Dead!"  
5.	"Zombie Eaters"  
6.	"The Real Thing"  
7.	"Underwater Love"  
8.	"The Morning After"  
9.	"Woodpecker from Mars"  
10.	"War Pigs" (Non-vinyl track.)
11.	"Edge of the World" (Track 6 on cassette, ending Side 1. Non-vinyl track.)





You Fat Bastards: Live at the Brixton Academy 1993


You Fat Bastards: Live at the Brixton Academy was the only officially released live album by Faith No More. It was recorded by William Shapland on April 28, 1990 in the Brixton Academy, London during the tour supporting their third studio album The Real Thing. It was released on August 20, 1990 Internationally and as an audio only version, under the name of Live at the Brixton Academy, in the United Kingdom on February 4, 1991 with two bonus tracks from The Real Thing sessions. The CD version of this album is widely criticised[by whom?] for being released too early in the band's career and focusing almost exclusively on material from The Real Thing.[citation needed] Despite this, it can be seen in the full setlist that the band played much more music than was featured on the CD. Record company pressure is often cited as the reason for the trimming down of this release.[citation needed] It is unknown if the full show is planned to be released. The bonus tracks "The Grade" and "The Cowboy Song" were previously released on the "From Out Of Nowhere" 12" single but were added to this compilation in order for them to be available on CD. As a result they do not appear on the vinyl release of Live At Brixton Academy.

The video version was later released on a 2 disc DVD set with the video compilation Who Cares a Lot?.

Tracks: 

1.	"Falling to Pieces"  
2.	"The Real Thing"  
3.	"Epic"  
4.	"War Pigs"  
5.	"From out of Nowhere"  
6.	"We Care a Lot"  
7.	"Zombie Eaters"  
8.	"Edge of the World"  
9.	"The Grade" (Instrumental, from The Real Thing sessions (Not on vinyl edition))
10.	"The Cowboy Song" (From The Real Thing sessions (Not on vinyl edition))






Angel Dust 1992


Angel Dust is the fourth studio album by American rock band Faith No More, first released through Slash on June 8, 1992 in Europe and the United States. It's the follow-up to 1989's highly successful The Real Thing, as well as the final studio album with long time guitarist "Big" Jim Martin and the second to feature Mike Patton on vocals; it is, however, the first album in which Patton had an influence on the band's sound,[2][3] as Patton hadn't previously had input on the musical composition of the album's predecessor, The Real Thing, as it had all been composed and recorded prior to his joining.[4][5]

It remains Faith No More's highest-selling album outside the United States (where, as of July 2007, it has sold 664,000 copies). The album and subsequent tour were very successful in Europe where it went Platinum for sales of more than 1 million copies and Gold in Australia for selling more than 35,000 copies. Worldwide sales are around 3 million copies.

There were many samples used on Angel Dust, to the point of being called a "gratuitous"[5] amount and concerning record label executives,[4] with some from sources such as works by Simon and Garfunkel, Diamanda Galás, Z'EV and music from The Wizard of Oz.[4] The Simon and Garfunkel sample is from the first bar of their song "Cecilia" and appears throughout the drum track of "Midlife Crisis". "Malpractice" contains a four second sample of the second movement of Dmitri Shostakovich's String Quartet No. 8 as performed by the Kronos Quartet, on their album Black Angels; track 8 , "Allegro molto", at 2:10. It features in four points towards the end of the song at 2:56, 3:02, 3:22 and 3:26. Many of the original samples used in the songs were recorded by Roddy on a Digital Audio Tape recorder whilst "just whilst wandering out and about".[17] "Crack Hitler", as well as featuring samples of sirens in the background,[4] features a sample in the intro of Iris Lettieri reading a flight announcement at the Rio de Janeiro-Galeão International Airport,[18] who then tried to sue the band for using her voice without permission.[17] There are also samples of aboriginal chanting, amongst the sound effects from Sound Ideas, in the background of "Smaller and Smaller".[19] Also, a brief succession of sounds, including a police car siren and a warp noise, similar to what Frank Zappa abundantly made use of on his album Joe's Garage is recognizable in the song "A Small Victory".[citation needed] The song "Midlife Crisis" contains a sample of Car Thief by the Beastie Boys. Finally, the abundance of samples led to the cutting of one song from the album, The World Is Yours (known incidentally as 'The Sample Song' during its demo sessions), which contained so many samples that they could not all be cleared for use in time for release. It was later included on disc 2 of the Who Cares a Lot? compilation in 1998.


Reviews of Angel Dust were generally favourable. One critic wrote that the album is "one of the more complex and simply confounding records ever released by a major label"[35] and similarly, another called it "the most uncommercial follow-up to a hit record ever".[36] The single "A Small Victory" is described as a song "which seems to run Madame Butterfly through Metallica and Nile Rodgers, reveals a developing facility for combining unlikely elements into startlingly original concoctions"[37] while another calls "RV" a "Frank’s Wild Years-esque tale of a guy talking about his miserable life" adding that "you can almost smell the Spaghetti-O’s and beer on his wife-beater" and describes Mike Patton's vocals as "like silk-lined meat hooks".[38] The songs "Malpractice" and "Jizzlobber" have been called "art-damaged death metal" and "nerve-frazzling apocalyptic rock" with a contrast to the "accordion-propelled" Midnight Cowboy theme cover that follows.[19] Allmusic calls the album a "bizarro masterpiece", described the vocals as "smarter and more accomplished", compared to its predecessor The Real Thing and gave it 4.5 stars out of 5, calling it one of their album picks.[39] The album was also called an "Album of the Year" in 1992 by seven different publications in four countries, making the top 10 in three of them and the top position in one, and the "Most Influential Albums of all Time".


Tracks: 


1.	"Land of Sunshine"  
2.	"Caffeine"  
3.	"Midlife Crisis"  
4.	"RV"  
5.	"Smaller and Smaller"  
6.	"Everything's Ruined"  
7.	"Malpractice"  
8.	"Kindergarten"  
9.	"Be Aggressive"  
10.	"A Small Victory"  
11.	"Crack Hitler"  
12.	"Jizzlobber"  
13.	"Midnight Cowboy"






Songs to Make Love To 1993



From a user review at Amazon:


This is pretty much exactly what a cd with a postcard-like picture of rhinos humping in the sunset should sound like: Strange. Funny... Dare I say, sexy? Ok, not sexy. What we get here is the band's gloriously straight rendition of The Commodores' "Easy", which proves once and for all that if the whole Ipecac/being in 20 million different bands thing doesn't work out, Mike Patton could have a viable carreer singing on showboats and casinos with that smooth croon of his, an oddly hillarious Elvis-ified rendition of The Dead Kennedy's "Let's Lynch The Landlord", the well-performed version of the "Midnight Cowboy" theme already available on Angeldust, and "Das Shutzenfest", a bizarre stab at german-language polka that actually turns out to be about meeting a woman at a shooting festival and making love near the pig trough. It's probably not worth your money if you have the version of Angeldust with "Easy" as a bonus track and the Virus 100 Dead Kennedys tribute, since you then own 3/4 of the EP, but if this isn't the case, it's at least worth considering for "Easy" itself.


Tracks: 


Easy
Das Schutzenfest
Midnight Cowboy
Lets Lynch the Landlord






King For a Day… Fool For a Lifetime 1995



King for a Day/Fool for a Lifetime is the fifth studio album by Faith No More, released in 1995. It is the first without longtime guitarist Jim Martin. Along with some more traditional Faith No More alternative rock sounds, the album also contains a number of genre blends and parodies, from the smooth, soulful jazz-funk of "Evidence", to the raucous heavy metal of "Cuckoo for Caca", to the lilting country western rock of "Take This Bottle", to the bossa nova of "Caralho Voador". Overall, however, this album is considerably more straight-forward and less experimental than its predecessor, Angel Dust. This is the only Faith No More album to feature guitarist Trey Spruance, who left the group before the start of the supporting tour (and replaced by Dean Menta).

The first single was the heavy number, "Digging the Grave". In the United States, the album debuted at #31 and has sold 223,000 copies as of July 2006 which was well below their previous efforts. The ensuing tour was cut short in the UK and Europe as the public interest waned. Still the album did have impressive enough sales following to go Gold in Europe. In Australia and New Zealand the band continued to get great support from their strong fan base. The album went Gold in both countries and their singles "Digging the Grave", "Evidence" and "Ricochet" all charted well. King for a Day... sold about 1.5 million copies and overall its figures were well below that of Angel Dust and The Real Thing.

The cover was designed by New York artist Eric Drooker.

"The Gentle Art of Making Enemies" is one of the heaviest songs on the album. The song's title comes from James McNeill Whistler's 1890 book The Gentle Art of Making Enemies. A single for the song had been planned but was cancelled due to poor record sales. However, the song later appeared on Faith No More's 1998 greatest hits compilation Who Cares a Lot?.

"Star A.D." or "Star After Death" makes an appearance on Faith No More's 2008 compilation The Works. When asked if the song was a reference to Kurt Cobain Mike Patton stated:

“	God no! It's about a phenomenon. And if that guy happened to be one, I don't know. It's one of those things that happen; it's a Vegas thing. What could be more shameful than having to change your colostomy bag on stage?! Vegas is great, though. I love it. Welcome to America.

Unlike for Faith No More's previous albums, the initial reception to King for a Day/Fool for a Lifetime was mixed to positive. Entertainment Weekly gave the album a grade of C- and commented on it as being "...archaic progressive-rock fusion, oddly out of step with the times." Al Wiezel of Rolling Stone gave it a rating of two stars out of five and said "One hopes that that last song's moving chorus – "Don't let me die with this silly look in my eyes" – doesn't prove to be Faith No More's epitaph." However, allmusic gave it a rating of three and a half stars out of five while calling it one of the band's "...underrated releases". Despite the mixed reception, the album remains a favorite among Faith No More and Mr. Bungle fans.


King for a Day... was released as a set of seven 7" vinyl singles, in a black cardboard with a sticker of the cover on the front that also included a cardboard fold-out of album artwork with a review by Stephan Chirazzi and a band picture, as well as the standard CD, cassette and vinyl versions.


Tracks: 


1.	"Get Out"  
2.	"Ricochet"  
3.	"Evidence"  
4.	"The Gentle Art of Making Enemies"  
5.	"Star A.D."  
6.	"Cuckoo for Caca"  
7.	"Caralho Voador" (Portuguese for flying dick)
8.	"Ugly in the Morning"  
9.	"Digging the Grave"  
10.	"Take This Bottle"  
11.	"King for a Day"  
12.	"What a Day"  
13.	"The Last to Know"  
14.	"Just a Man"  








Album of the Year 1997


Album of the Year is the sixth studio album by Faith No More. It was released on June 3, 1997, and is the only album to feature the band's current guitarist Jon Hudson.

During touring in support of Album of the Year, Faith No More frequently wore suits during performances, a trend which carried over to their 2009 reunion tour. The album sleeve did not feature printed lyrics; however, Mike Patton and Billy Gould did submit official lyrics to fnm.com,[1] which was a fan controlled site prior to the band reformation in 2009.[2] The first pressing of the Australian version included a bonus remix disc.

Album of the Year is the last album to be produced by the band before their break-up in April, 1998.

As of July 2007, the album had sold 213,000 copies in the U.S. This nearly matched the total for King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime but was a significantly lower figure than that of the other two albums featuring Mike Patton on vocals. In other charts it fared much better, peaking at #1 in Australia and New Zealand. It also went Platinum in Australia for sales of more than 70,000 copies.[3] The album only had slight impact in the UK charts but it did go Gold for sales of more than 100,000 copies. The biggest downfall for this album was perhaps in the US where sales were significantly lower than previous efforts. Album Of The Year has sold just shy of two million albums worldwide.

The album was generally received with moderate praise from both critics and fans. Allmusic gave the album a rating of four stars out of five and described it as being "...a fitting way for one of alt-rock's most influential and important bands to end its career". They also noted it for being "...more straightforward musically than past releases..." The title of this album displays the band's sense of irony, as the majority of the members of Faith No More were ultimately unhappy with the outcome of Album of the Year and the direction it had taken them.

The liner art for the album jacket depicts the funeral of an old man, with the words "pravda vítězí" (truth prevails) adorning the coffin. The statement is the motto of the Czech Republic, and on the photographs is Czechoslovakia's first president, Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk. The use of the imagery on the album art is representative of an end to a golden age — namely, the band's.

One rather persistent but ultimately false claim among the fans of the band attributes the photography belonging to Lenin's funeral. The band did acknowledge the similarity of facial features, however.

"Naked in Front of the Computer" is the fourth song on the album. It was listed on promo copies as "Naked in Front of This Computer"; it is unknown whether this is a working title or a mistake. It is one of the few songs in the Faith No More catalogue written solely by Mike Patton. When asked about the song's meaning, Billy Gould replied:

“	Actually, this song is about email. Patton is kind of obsessed with the idea of how people can communicate and have relationships over the computer without talking or ever meeting. So this is an extreme version of that concept. Funny thing is...the image of someone sitting naked in front of a computer might not have made sense to people a few years ago, but now everybody knows what it means. It's become part of our culture.	”
—Billy Gould, [4]


"She Loves Me Not" is the eighth song on the album. The song itself seems to draw its influence from lounge music. It was to be the fourth single off the album, but the band ended before this could be accomplished. It has also never been played live. Despite this, it made an appearance on Faith No More's 2006 greatest hits compilation The Platinum Collection. When asked about the song, Billy Gould replied:

“	This song almost didn't make it on the record. We almost didn't even record vocals for it because it's so different from all of the other songs. I wrote this song, and I was almost embarrassed to play it for anybody in the band because it's so soft - but at the same time it's a good song. It's like a Boyz II Men song of something. I didn't play it for anybody for, like, a half a year, and then finally I played it for Puffy. He thought we should give it a try, so I gave it to Patton, and he said, 'I wrote words, but they're pretty over-the-top.' But we went forward with it, and he really sang his ass off.


Tracks:

1.	"Collision"  	Hudson, Patton	3:24
2.	"Stripsearch"  
Hudson, Patton, Bordin, Gould	4:29
3.	"Last Cup of Sorrow"  
Patton, Gould	4:12
4.	"Naked in Front of the Computer"  	Patton	2:08
5.	"Helpless"  	Patton, Bordin, Gould	5:26
6.	"Mouth to Mouth"  	Hudson, Patton, Bordin, Gould	3:48
7.	"Ashes to Ashes"  
Hudson, Patton, Bordin, Gould, Bottum	3:37
8.	"She Loves Me Not"  	Patton, Bordin, Gould	3:29
9.	"Got That Feeling"  	Patton	2:20
10.	"Paths of Glory"  	Hudson, Patton, Bordin, Gould, Bottum	4:17
11.	"Home Sick Home"  	Patton	1:59
12.	"Pristina"  		








Who Cares a Lot 1998


Who Cares a Lot? is the first compilation album from Faith No More, released on November 24, 1998. The album is a greatest hits retrospective that spans most of the band's career, including songs from all of the band's studio albums released under Slash Records.

The first disc collects 15 singles from the band's Slash Records career in chronological order. It features the most recognized hits and promos. The second disc has a handful of unreleased songs, b-sides, demos, and live recordings, which were chosen by record label Slash rather than the band themselves. Some of the notable previously-unreleased material includes "The World Is Yours" and "I Won't Forget You".

There were three different versions that were put out for this compilation. Between the versions, the title and covers were altered. The single disc edition was tagged "The Greatest Hits", while the dual disc was labelled "Greatest Hits".

The album art for the American release was the red question mark on black background, while the UK, European, Argentine, and Oceanian releases featured the Benny Hill art. The Oceanian double disc edition also had a "Limited Edition 2CD Set" sticker, as in other markets the bonus disc was not limited. In Europe only a single disc edition was released. For this, the first five tracks off the second disc were simply added to the end of the compilation.

The album was originally called 'Who Cared a Lot?'. It had a different order of tracks and a different cover, but only saw release as a promo.


Tracks: 

Disc 1 

1.	"We Care a Lot" (Original Version)[A]
Introduce Yourself	4:03
2.	"Introduce Yourself"  	Introduce Yourself	1:33
3.	"From out of Nowhere"  
The Real Thing	3:21
4.	"Epic"  
The Real Thing	4:53
5.	"Falling to Pieces"  
The Real Thing	5:12
6.	"Midlife Crisis"  
Angel Dust	4:17
7.	"A Small Victory"  
Angel Dust	4:56
8.	"Easy"  
Angel Dust	3:07
9.	"Digging the Grave"  
King for a Day...	3:04
10.	"The Gentle Art of Making Enemies"  	King for a Day...	3:29
11.	"Evidence"  
King for a Day...	4:54
12.	"I Started a Joke"  
King for a Day...	3:00
13.	"Last Cup of Sorrow"  
Album of the Year	4:09
14.	"Ashes to Ashes"  
Album of the Year	3:36
15.	"Stripsearch"  
	


Disc 2 

1.	"The World Is Yours"  
Faith No More	5:52
2.	"Hippie Jam Song"  	Gould, Patton
4:58
3.	"Instrumental"  	Bottum, Gould, Patton
4:59
4.	"I Won't Forget You"  	Gould, Patton	4:09
5.	"Introduce Yourself" (4-Track Demos)	Faith No More	1:43
6.	"Highway Star" (Live)[B]
Lord, Blackmore, Gillan, Paice, Glover
1:07
7.	"Theme From Midnight Cowboy" (Live)[C]
Barry
1:03
8.	"This Guy's in Love with You" (Live)[C]
	



Enjoy Faith No More :)
