TRACKS :

1. I Think It's Gonna Rain All Night - 4:25 (Lyons / Gooch)
2. She Keeps Walking - 5:55 (Lyons / Koller)
3. Why'D They Call It Falling - 6:30 (Lyons / Gooch)
4. She Needed A Rock - 4:30 (Lyons / Gooch)
5. My Imagination - 5:15 (Lyons / Gooch / Lee)
6. I Never Saw It Coming - 6:10 ( Lyons / Gooch)
7. Slip Slide Away - 4:35 (Lyons / Gooch / Lee)
8. Tail Lights - 4:35 (Lyons Gooch)
9. Angry Words - 8:25 ( Lyons / Gooch / Churchill / Lee)
10. That's Alright - 5:05 (Lyons / Gooch)


THE BAND

Joe Gooch - Guitar, Vocals
Chick Churchill - Keyboards
Leo Lyons - Bass
Ric Lee - Drums



A great blues rock from the "revamped" Ten Years After, although the present line up have been around for a few years now. TYA are one of the greatest blues rock bands to emerge from Britain. They were hugely popular in the late sixties, when they played Woodstock,  but during the early seventies, they produced some of their finest work.The brilliant axeman Alvin Lee, co-founded TYA, and two of the bands early albums with Alvin Lee,  "Stonehenge" and "Cricklewood Green" are classics. Many people thought that without the "Main Man", Alvin Lee, the band would never survive, but they have, and "Evolution" is a return to the glory days of TYA.  Alvin Lee still appears at the occasional concert with the band, but Joe Gooch who joined the band in 2003, permanently replacing Alvin Lee has proved himself  as a brilliant guitarist and great vocalist.  Joe fits in with TYA, as if he was always part of the band, and alongside the founding member Leo Lyons, Chick Churchill and Ric Lee, they form a crack team of professional musicians that give a new lease of life to TYA.  Even withour the great Alvin Lee, this album is a great example of powerful blues rock, and is a perfect example of Grade A contemporary rock quartet playing.   


After a two year delay from their last release, "Roadworks", "EVOLUTION" has finally arrived. A studio album, put together and recorded between and during a heavy touring schedule. With that being said, it's a miracle that the final results don't represent anything like the Hop-Scotch - Hodge -Podge - Fast Paced - life style - that the band members have been living, during this hectic period. What came out of this non stop road show with its temporary periods of mass confusion, is nothing less than a brilliant collection of new material, that's stronger, tighter and fuller sounding than ever before. High energy, passionate attitude, and innovative playing, that's Ten Years After at their very best, and that's their "EVOLUTION". A lot of credit has to go to Joe Gooch, and his desire for perfection. His vocals are intense, yet measured. He has much more control which adds another dimension to the overall sound. He uses his voice as a subtle instrument, and that provides the much needed links between emotions, instruments and message. Creating the perfect delivery on all fronts. The same is true of his guitar work. It flows more fluently than ever, fewer notes and more passion and sensitivity. Measured responses, pacing himself - no more racing towards the finish line. He has learned so much and matured in such a short amount of time. He has helped take Ten Years After a dozen steps further, over a hump of minor resistance and into a place where everyone can now thank goodness, for saving the band from what once seemed like inevitable extinction. That's what "EVOLUTION" is all about: metamorphosis. The same applies to Chick Churchill on this recording. His keyboard work is at times subtle and inspired. At other times it's frantic and driven, in order to complement Joe's frantic guitar work. Textures are created, moods are explored, and feelings are evoked. He weaves in and out between Joe's layers of guitar and vocals. It's like a hyper surgeon with two handfuls of cat-gut, stringing it all together, into stitches and then pulling it tighter and tighter. I always wondered why Chick isn't a leader or even a follower. The reason is because Chick is just Chick, it's as simple as that. His talent is immense, his knowledge boundless, and his biggest asset is as supporter. He is the consummate team player, scoring a goal doesn't much matter to him, his consuming joy and passion comes from watching his team-mates scoring the goal and then enjoying all the accolades that go with being on the winning team. If you listen to the entire Ten Years After catalogue, you'll see that this has always been the case. On this new release "EVOLUTION" Chick stepped forward to become a vital component. He is right on target and hitting bulls eyes faster than you can count them. Leo Lyons - Ric Lee: When I asked them their thoughts on this new release, and if they were happy with the final results? Their response was about the same. They're much too involved to be objective at this point, so they left it up to me to decide for myself. So here it is. Leo: Leo's song writing skills are all over this cd. Ten songs and it's Leo and a co-writer being listed as the author. His fantastic bass lines are holding up the bottom end with no problem. Leo takes no credit for the production duties on this outing, and the liner notes prove this out. Recorded, Mixed and Mastered by Mark Pullin - At Green Frog Studios. Cover Design and Artwork by Tony Crooks and Leo Lyons
Cover Concept by Tom Lyons. In Conclusion: - This recording is a brilliant masterpiece from a band that we would expect no less from, and yet continues to surprise everyone in everyway. Hats off to Joe and Chick for exemplary and outstanding performances. Also to Leo and Ric for song writing skills and great bass playing (Leo) - To (Ric) Drumming and for keeping the band on the road to success, fame and fortune. Review  ©  Dave and Brigitte,  ©  www.ten-years-after.com/_private/tyacdreviews/cdevolutionreview.htm

Bringing in the New Year with a new release, this veteran four piece from Nottingham and Mansfield -- now minus their leader Alvin Lee -- are hoping to show their loyal fan base that they still have the power and the passion that they had during the 60s. Kicking off with the energetic rocker I Think Its Gonna Rain All Night, it's a solid start. With fantastic guitar work throughout Evolution sounds fresh and modern. The main drawback however is the sheer length of the album which at times means it begins to lapse in enthusiasm. For non fans this will most likely be of little interest, but for long time fans this will make for necessary listening. 

