CHALLENGE (2009)

Full Movie Download
Original VCD rip


DETAILS

Now coming to the main story, it starts with Mr. Agnidev Sen (Rajatava), the last word in the shipping business, featuring as a possessive and over protective father to his only daughter, Puja (Subhashree). Otherwise a ruthless man, Agnidev’s main weakness is his daughter and he can’t bear the thought of any guy approaching her. To ensure this, he employs his henchmen as security for Puja’s protection with the instruction to cream any body that tries to even pass a fleeting glance at her. This causes panic among the boys in Puja’s college and prevents Puja to comfortably mix with her college mates. At this juncture comes Abeer (Dev), a fresher in the Arts section, who proves to be a tough guy in his first day when he beats up his seniors as the later tries to rag him and this earns him respect among Puja’s bodyguards too. Following this, Puja, quite obviously, falls for Abeer and he too reciprocates and thus begins thechallenge for Abeer to fight Agnidev for his daughter ’s hands. The rest of this action dominated film illustrates how the prudent Abeer risk his life in foiling each of Agnidev’s ploy of keeping Puja away from him. Amid this grim plot, thedirector doesn’t forget to provide relief in the form of the comic college principal ( Kharaj) and his peon and the humorous tones set by Biswajit Chakrabarty and Laboni Sarkar as Abeer’s parents. The whole show culminates in the marriage between Abeer and Puja and Agnidev succumbing to a more rational view that was quite foreign to him in the start.

The movie is strewn with witty dialogues and the songs were more or less correctly timed to reflect the various moods of the movie though over simplification at parts seems to be one of its chief faults. Another question that I can’t help asking is why in the first place Mr. Sen allows her daughter to get admitted to a co-education college where the chance of crossing path with boys increases for Puja? Well, barring these the rest of the film is quite an entertainment that spans for just over two hours and though the 2nd day showed a sparse crowd at Priya but it has materials for hitting to the top in the list with respect to the current releases.
