Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Tears of a Clown" is a 1967 song by Smokey Robinson & the Miracles for the Tamla (Motown) label, originally released on the 1967 album Make It Happen. The song was re-released in the United Kingdom as a single in September 1970, where it became a number-one hit on the UK singles chart. Subsequently, Motown released "The Tears of a Clown" as a single in the United States as well, where it quickly became a number-one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 and R&B Singles Chart. This song is an international multi-million seller and a 2002 Grammy Hall of Fame inductee. The single's success caused Miracles lead singer/producer/songwriter Smokey Robinson, who had announced plans to leave the act, to stay with the group until 1972.

This newfound popularity prompted Motown to release the song as a single in the United States, where it became a number-one hit on both the pop and R&B charts within two months of its release. Despite the fact that The Miracles had been one of Motown's premier acts in the early and mid-1960s and its first successful group act, "The Tears of a Clown" was their first and only #1 hit while Smokey Robinson was lead singer. (The Miracles hit number one again several years later with the smash hit "Love Machine", but by that time Smokey had long since left the group, replaced by Billy Griffin. Shop Around had hit #1 pop on the Cash Box Pop Chart, but only # 2 on Billboard's).

The 45 single was issued with two different b-sides. The first pressing had an alternate version of the 1967 Miracles Top 20 hit single "The Love I Saw in You Was Just a Mirage" included on the flip side of "The Tears of a Clown", while the second included a new Miracles song, "Promise Me". Motown released a Tears of a Clown LP in 1970 as well, which was essentially a re-packaging of the Miracles' 1967 Make It Happen LP.

Two years later, Smokey Robinson decided to follow through with his plans to leave the Miracles and retire. Smokey Robinson & the Miracles embarked on a six-month farewell tour, which culminated in a July 16, 1972 performance in Washington, DC, where Robinson introduced the Miracles' new lead singer, Billy Griffin. Interestingly,The Tears of a Clown charted again in England six years later, in 1976, becoming a Top 40 hit, peaking at # 34.

Today, "The Tears of a Clown" continues to be a popular radio request.

Make It Happen is a 1967 album by Smokey Robinson & the Miracles. It featured ballads such as the singles "The Love I Saw In You Was Just A Mirage" and "More Love", as well as the up-tempo "The Tears of a Clown" co-written by Stevie Wonder and his producer Hank Cosby.

Three years after the album's release, "The Tears of a Clown" was issued as a single, and charted at number-one on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart. As a result, Make It Happen was reissued as The Tears of a Clown in 1970.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

