File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:10

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2347 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.35 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Only Girl (In the World)" is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. The song was written by Crystal Johnson, Stargate and Sandy Vee, and it was produced by the latter two. The song was released on September 10, 2010, and serves as the lead single from Rihanna's fifth studio album, Loud. The song is an up-tempo dominant dance-pop song that incorporates elements of Eurodance in its production and beats. Critical reception of the song has been largely positive. It has been praised by critics for its dance-pop and Europop feel to the song and for having a strong chorus. The song's overall production has been praised, largely complementing the choice and vocal work of Rihanna. The song became an international hit and has reached number one in thirteen countries and the top ten of six others.

The music video was directed by Anthony Mandler and premiered on October 13, 2010, on MTV. The scenes include Rihanna dancing on a hilltop, lying on a bed of flowers, and dancing around multi-colored balloons. She is also seen riding on a swing that hangs from the sky and then dancing in front of a tree full of blinking lights that adds to the surreal imagery.

"Only Girl" is an up-tempo dominant dance-pop song that incorporates elements of Eurodance in its production and beats. The song features a "heavy whipping bass" with strong use of synths, while the chorus of the song incorporates a "strobing, dance club beat". The song's second verse features a dominant "throbbing bass beat" and the bridge has been described as a "realm of carnal pleasures". Rihanna's vocals throughout the song have been described as "seductive" and reminiscent of a "stronger, sexier version" of her 2007 single, "Don't Stop the Music".

Loud is the fifth studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was first released on November 12, 2010. Recording sessions began in February 2010 and continued over a period of six months, concluding in August 2010. The album's lead single "Only Girl (In the World)" was released on September 10, 2010. "What's My Name?" was released as the second single on October 29, 2010 and Rihanna has stated that current plans will see "S&M" released as the third single.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/