Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


5:55 is the second album by French musician and actress Charlotte Gainsbourg. It is also her first album release in twenty years. Charlotte collaborated on the album with French duo Air, English musician Jarvis Cocker, and Irish singer-songwriter Neil Hannon, as well as Radiohead's main producer Nigel Godrich. "The Songs That We Sing" and "5:55" were released as singles. The album went platinum in France, selling over 300,000 copies. In the United States, the album sold a modest 22,000 copies. "The Songs That We Sing" was #78 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.

In order to distance herself from her famous father and mother (Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin), Charlotte decided to sing in English most of the album (leaving only one song in French, "Tel Que Tu Es", meaning "Such As You Are"). Critics have been very positive in France, describing this effort as a total achievement from all points of view.[who?] English critics have been more mixed, saying that Charlotte's second album does not sound all that different compared with the work of her parents. Notably, Pitchfork Media's review described the album's erotic lyrical content as reminiscent of Serge Gainsbourg's, and Charlotte's vocal approach as highly similar to that of her mother.

The first single, "The Songs That We Sing" was also included in the soundtrack to the 2009 film The Uninvited.

Charlotte Lucy Gainsbourg (born 21 July 1971) is an Anglo-French actress and singer-songwriter. She is most known in American cinema for her roles in The Science of Sleep, I'm Not There, 21 Grams, and Antichrist.

Gainsbourg made her musical debut with her father on the song "Lemon Incest" in 1984. Two years later, she released her debut album Charlotte for Ever, which was produced by her father.

In 2000, Gainsbourg was featured on the Madonna album, Music on the track "What It Feels Like For A Girl". There is a lengthy spoken intro by Gainsbourg, taken from the film The Cement Garden, which inspired the title of the song. The track was further remixed for the single version of this song in 2001, with Gainsbourg's The Cement Garden speech repeated during the song.

In 2004, she sang a duet with French pop star Étienne Daho on his single "If".

In 2006, Gainsbourg released her second album 5:55 to critical acclaim and commercial success, reaching the top spot on the French charts and achieving platinum status in the country. In the UK, the album was moderately successful, reaching #78 (The single "The Songs That We Sing" only made #129).

In late 2009, Gainsbourg released her third studio album, IRM, which was produced by Beck. One of the influential factors in the album's creative process was her time spent filming Antichrist. Gainsbourg's head injury in 2007 influenced the title of the album "IRM", which is the French translation of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). While receiving a brain scan, she began to think about music. "When I was inside that machine," she said, "it was an escape to think about music. It's rhythm. It was very chaotic."

Her song "Heaven Can Wait" was chosen as the Starbucks iTunes Pick of the Week on March 2, 2010.

Her song, Trick Pony, appeared at the beginning of Grey's Anatomy episode "Perfect Little Accident" (Season 6, Episode 16 / airdate: February 25, 2010).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/