Fleshgod Apocalypse is born in April 2007. After the release of “Promo ‘07” recorded and mixed at 16th Cellar Studio by the producer Stefano “Saul” Morabito the band signs to Neurotic Records. The two tracks contained in the promo are also included in the 4-way split “Da Vinci Death Code” distributed via Spew Rec. In early 2008 the band performs some live dates to spread his name in the Italian and European underground scene supporting bands like Behemoth, Origin, Dying Fetus, Hate Eternal, Suffocation, Napalm Death and many more. In May 2008 the band enters again 16th Cellar Studio to record its first full-length album, “Oracles”.

In December 2008 the band decides to part ways with Neurotic Records and ink a deal with Willowtip Records that will release the debut “Oracles”. The album is distributed via Willowtip Records (US/WORLD) and Candlelight Records (EU). Right after the “Oracles” release in April 2009, the band started an intense live activity all over the Europe. Supporting God Dethroned in the Balkans tour, then Vader and Marduk in Funeral Nation tour and finally covering the UK and EIRE territories with the first Fleshgod Apocalypse headlining tour. In the mean while new songs have been written for a new opera entirely recorded by the new line-up: Mafia. It’s a big step forward for the band in every way. This one will be released by Willowtip Records (WORLD) on 18/05/2010. EU and US tours to support the new release are planned. 


Current line-up
Tommaso Riccardi - Lead Vocals, Guitar
Cristiano Trionfera - Guitar, Vocals, Orchestral Arrangements (Promaetheus Unbound, Shadowsreign, Lord Vampyr, Eyeconoclast)
Paolo Rossi - Bass, Clean Vocals (Airlines of Terror, Tyrannic Ethical Reconstruction)
Francesco Paoli - Drums, Guitar, Vocals (Hour of Penance, Tyrannic Ethical Reconstruction)
Francesco Ferrini - Piano

Genre = Technical Brutal Death Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = vbr
File Size = 63.24 MB

Track Listing
1. Thru Our Scars
2. Abyssal
3. Conspiracy of Silence
4. Blinded by Fear (At the Gates cover)
5. Mafia