In this CDRip collection i have provided the Covers and CD Jpegs [Pictures]
Along With EAC Log and M3U Playlist
Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
Cheers, Bubanee

New Moon's soundtrack comprises songs that are all original and exclusive to the soundtrack and are performed by various indie rock and alternative rock artists. New Moon director Chris Weitz stated that the soundtrack would feature songs from Radiohead, Muse, and Band of Skulls. Death Cab for Cutie contributes the soundtrack's lead single, a song written specifically for the film called "Meet Me on the Equinox", which debuted September 13 during the MTV Video Music Awards. Bassist Nick Harmer says, "We wrote 'Meet Me On the Equinox' to reflect the celestial themes and motifs that run throughout the Twilight series and we wanted to capture that desperate feeling of endings and beginnings that so strongly affect the main characters." The English rock band Muse contributes a remix of their song "I Belong to You", which appears in its original form on their 2009 album The Resistance. St. Vincent collaborated with Bon Iver's Justin Vernon to create a song called "Rosyln". When describing the song, she said, "[Justin] sings in his beautiful falsetto and I'm actually singing very, very low... I think there's something vampirey and creepy about the two of us singing together. It's a simple, stripped-down kind of song." Mexican Grammy and Latin Grammy nominee Ximena Sariñana will be featured in the Latin American version of the soundtrack, with the song "Frente al Mar" ("In front of the Sea"). The soundtrack, which was chosen by music supervisor Alexandra Patsavas, will be released on October 16, 2009 by Chop Shop Records in conjunction with Atlantic Records.

1. "Meet Me on the Equinox" (Death Cab for Cutie)
2. "Friends" (Band of Skulls)
3. "Hearing Damage" (Thom Yorke)
4. "Possibility" (Lykke Li)
5. "A White Demon Love Song" (The Killers)
6. "Satellite Heart" (Anya Marina)
7. "I Belong to You" [New Moon Remix] (Muse)
8. "Rosyln" (Bon Iver and St. Vincent)
9. "Done All Wrong" (Black Rebel Motorcycle Club)
10. "Monsters" (Hurricane Bells)
11. "The Violet Hour" (Sea Wolf)
12. "Shooting the Moon" (OK Go)
13. "Slow Life" (Grizzly Bear featuring Victoria Legrand of Beach House)
14. "No Sound But the Wind" (Editors)
15. "New Moon (The Meadow)" (Alexandre Desplat)
16. "Thunderclap" (Eskimo Joe)