Invisible Enemies (Christian Movie)


Posted on special request.

Suddenly after finding a pair of glasses a student becomes aware of the spiritual world that is always around us.

Invisible Enemies is a story about a college student named Jackson, who finds a pair of glasses that allows him to see the spiritual world. Through the glasses he discovers how the lives of his friends are influenced toward evil by unseen enemies. Jackson tries to convince his friends that life isn't neutral and that there are unseen realities that are affecting their lives. They think it's absurd.

Cindy, Jackson's blind friend, recognized that there are many things that are real that can't be seen. Jackson, in the end, rescues his sister from near disaster by utilizing the power of Jesus Christ.

For more details see the link,
 
http://www.christiancinema.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=701

Runtime: 39 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 2005
My Rating: 7/10
Quality: 7/10 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families.

Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian	
