
Abraham-Hicks Ask and It Is Given DVD 1of4 (vob)

Episode 1: An Introduction to the Teachings of Abraham-Hicks™ (65 Minutes)

This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Torrent Community Group-Buy Project

See Info text inside.

DVD Rips+mp3s (all four in one torrent) will come after all four full DVDs are uploaded.

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!


Ask And It Is Given - An Introduction To Abraham-Hicks (DVD) 
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/product/DVD-ASK.html

Remastered from the Original "Secret Behind the Secret" plus additional bonus footage.

In this unprecedented sit-down Interview, Esther and Jerry Hicks relate their incredible story and introduce Abraham. Abraham then explains the basics of their teachings, and answers a myriad of questions about every facet of living. Also included is a bonus segment from an Abraham-Hicks seminar cruise in which Abraham reveals the secret behind the best-selling video and book “The Secret”, which was originally based on Abraham’s Teachings, but from which Abraham was ultimately deleted. Finally, join Esther, Jerry, Abraham and hundreds of attendees at a 2010 “Art of Allowing” workshop in San Francisco, California where Abraham explains their powerful Vortex of Creation concept in detail and then answers questions from several guests seeking more clarity.

Episode 1: An Introduction to the Teachings of Abraham-Hicks™ (65 Minutes)
Episode 2: A Further Awareness of the Philosophy of Abraham (47 Minutes)
Episode 3: Jerry and Esther’s Continuing Joyous Expansion (55 Minutes)
Episode 4: Abraham’s Live Vortex of Attraction Seminar (67 Minutes)


Jerry & Esther Hicks 
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php

For over 20 years Esther & Jerry Hicks have published hundreds of books, audio recordings and videos, and have conducted up to 60 workshops a year. Their work is derived from the teachings of "Non-Physical Source Energy" whom they refer to as "Abraham".

The Teachings of Abraham™ are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience.

“The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.”

Answers and inspiration from the Non-Physical entity Abraham — whom Esther calls “infinite intelligence” and Jerry refers to as “the purest form of love I’ve ever encountered.”


Thank you to all who participated to make this possible!
