Please Hammer, Don't Hurt 'Em is the third and most popular album (and second major-label release) by MC Hammer, released between January 1, 1990 - February 12, 1990 by Capitol Records. It was produced, recorded, and mixed by Felton Pilate and James Earley.

The album ranked number one for 21 weeks, due primarily to the success of the single, "U Can't Touch This". The song has been and continues to be used in many movies and television shows to date, and appears on soundtrack/compilation albums as well. The album was criticized for its sampling of other artist's songs. The album sampled high-profile artists and gave some of these artists a new fanbase. "U Can't Touch This" sampled "Super Freak" by Rick James; "Dancin' Machine" sampled the Jackson 5; "Have You Seen Her" is a semi-cover of The Chi-Lites song; "Help the Children" interpolates Marvin Gaye's "Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology)"; "Pray" and "She's Soft and Wet" sample the Prince songs "When Doves Cry" and "Soft and Wet" respectively.

These album songs all proved to be successful on radio and video television, with "U Can't Touch This", "Pray" (most successful), "Have You Seen Her", "Here Comes the Hammer" and "Yo!! Sweetness" (UK only) all charting. The album raised rap music to a new level of popularity. It was the first hip-hop album certified diamond by the RIAA for sales of over ten million. It remains one of the genre's all-time best-selling albums. To date, the album has sold as many as 18 million units.

According to Guinness World Records of hit singles, the album cost just $10,000 to produce. The video for "Here Comes the Hammer" proved to be the most expensive video on this album, Hammer's second most expensive behind "Too Legit to Quit".

This album was accompanied by a movie called "Please Hammer, Don't Hurt 'Em: The Movie" (1990) which included some of Hammer's videos.

Additionally, the album title was often used as a chant by the crowd during live performances. ("Please, Hammer, don't hurt 'em..."!)