Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


MTV Unplugged is the first live album by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry, and was released by Capitol  in the United States on November 17, 2009. The CD/DVD comprises stripped-down songs performed by Perry for MTV on July 22, 2009 in New York City as part of the MTV Unplugged series. The album features rearranged takes on hit songs like "I Kissed a Girl", "Waking Up In Vegas", and "Thinking of You" as well as two brand-new songs, Perry's version of Fountains of Wayne's "Hackensack" and a previously-leaked original song called "Brick by Brick" originally written for Ashley Tisdale. 

Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), better known by her stage name Katy Perry, is an American singer-songwriter and musician. Perry was born in Santa Barbara, California, and raised by Christian pastor parents; she grew up listening to only gospel music and sang in church as a child. After earning a GED during her freshman year of high school, she began to pursue a music career. She released a self-titled gospel album in 2001 as Katy Hudson which failed with the closing of its record label that year. She recorded an album with production team The Matrix and completed most of a solo album from 2004–2005, neither of which were released.

After signing on with Capitol Music Group in 2007, her fourth record label in seven years, she adopted the stage name Katy Perry and released her first Internet single, "Ur So Gay", that November, which garnered attention but did not chart. She rose to fame with her second single "I Kissed a Girl" in 2008, which topped international charts. Perry's first mainstream album, One of the Boys, followed later that year and was eventually announced to be the thirty-third best selling album of 2008 worldwide. It was accredited platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America; "I Kissed a Girl" and her second single "Hot N Cold" both received multi-platinum certifications. Perry was ranked the 97th Artist of the 2000–10 decade by Billboard. She became known for wearing unconventional style of dress, often combining colors and vintage fashion. Her next album, Teenage Dream, is scheduled to be released in August 2010.

Perry had a long relationship with Travis McCoy; she is currently engaged to Russell Brand.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/