Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Sober" is a song by American pop rock singer Pink, and the second single taken from her fifth studio album, Funhouse. It was written by Nate "Danja" Hills, Kara DioGuardi, 333 Productions, Marcella Araica and Pink herself. The track was produced by Danja, Tony Kanal, 333 Productions and Jimmy Harry.nThe song gained airplay before release in Australia on Today Network's stations and the Hot 30 Countdown and was the number one most added song on Australian radio. In the United States, "Sober" debuted at number 53 on the Billboard Hot 100, and peaked at 15, becoming her second Top 20 single from her album, after the huge success of So What. P!nk has been nominated for the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.

On September 13, 2009, Pink performed "Sober" while doing a trapeze act at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, where she was nominated for Best Female Video.

Pink wrote this song at a party hosted at her home, where everyone was drunk or drinking except for her, and she wanted them all to leave. She went to the beach and had a line in her head saying "How do I feel so good sober?". Eventually it had nothing to do with alcohol but with identities. "How do I feel so good with just me, without anyone to lean on?", Pink says in an interview. She also stated that the song was one of the darkest she wrote for the album. "Sober is a dark, kind of sad song. And it’s about the vices that we choose and I had this idea in my head, ‘Like how do I feel this good sober?...I don’t know it’s just a really, really personal beautiful song, one of my favorites…"

Funhouse is the Grammy-nominated fifth studio album by American pop singer Pink, released by LaFace Records worldwide in October 2008. Upon its release, the album reached number one on the charts in 6 countries including Australia, New Zealand, Netherlands and United Kingdom, while debuting at number two in Germany, Ireland, France and United States.

The album's lead single, "So What" topped close to 20 charts worldwide, including the Billboard Hot 100, becoming P!nk's first solo single to do so. It also reached the top spot on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart where it remained on the chart for 16 weeks. The second and third singles "Sober" and "Please Don't Leave Me" scored remarkable success by reaching the Top 20 and Top 10 in numerous countries. Other singles include the title track and "I Don't Believe You".

To date, the album has sold 5 million copies worldwide. And earned Pink three Grammy nominations. It became her highest charter in the United States, and the first to spawn a number-one single there. It's also her first album to spawn five worldwide singles and her third to feature a Parental Advisory sticker.

Just like I'm Not Dead, Funhouse was re-released. The re-release took time one year after the original release date, October 26, 2009. It included the twelve standard tracks plus hidden track "This Is How It Goes Down" and bonus track "Push You Away", which was previously unreleased. Also similarly to the Platinum Edition of I'm Not Dead, the package included a DVD for music videos, live performances and a track-by-track commentary. The Tour Edition was released alongside Funhouse Tour: Live in Australia, a live album taped during P!nk's Australian leg of the Funhouse Tour.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

