If you are having trouble getting your oil spill-related claim paid, visit DisasterAssistance.gov

Hour Two Guest: Bill Press discusses his new book Toxic Talk: How the Radical Right Has Poisoned America's Airwaves. More Randi reading recommendations below…

NEW: After 50 years of covering the White House, Helen Thomas resigned today at the age 89 amid a wave of controversy regarding a statements she made (video) regarding the Israel/Palestine conflict.

Up to 460,000 gallons of oil a day are being captured by “Cut & Cap”, but the feds estimate anywhere that amount only accounts for 37-77% of the crude still gushing into the Gulf. And settle in for a long, painful ride… Adm. Thad Allen, the commander in charge of the federal response, acknowledges that even a best case scenario (a successful relief well being completed in August) still means dealing with this catastrophe well into the fall, if not longer.

There’s little appetite out there for BP’s $50 million PR campaign, and they aren’t just plastering the airwaves and newspapers with ads, they’re buying search terms from the major search engines in hopes of driving info-seekers to their own website. Over half of the federal judges where spill-related lawsuits are pending have financial connections to Big Oil. And if history is any guide, don’t expect to see BP’s CEO being frog-marched regardless of what criminal charges stick.

The life that BP CEO Tony Hayward wants back: a multi-million dollar salary, no work on weekends, and he never misses a holiday.  Plus, how a gay escort service helped him get there.

Frank Rich: Don’t Get Mad, Mr. President. Get Even.

More heartbreaking news on the economy… 46% of those unemployed have been out of work for 6 months or longer, making it harder and harder to land a job. A gross new phenomenon: want ads stating that the unemployed need not apply. And according to Robert Reich, if we’re going to avoid a double dip recession, we need more government stimulus, tax cuts for the middle class, and tax hikes for the rich.

Meanwhile, George Bush admits to waterboarding and says he’d do it again… geez - while former presidents often chose to become champions of human rights, GWB is actually touting human rights abuses. And a new report by Physicians for Human Rights details how Bush-era detainees were not only tortured, but also used as human guinea pigs in an effort to prove that they weren’t being tortured – WTF?! (more)

Also, you may wonder what the hell Elton John was doing singing at Rush Limbaugh’s wedding over the weekend. Turns out that Elton was given one million rea$ons to do so, but we’re still scratching our heads. Distracted, impatient and forgetful – your brain on technology (take a focus test). And Sandra Bullock locks lips with Scarlett Johansson at the MTV Movie Awards (video).

And in addition to Bill Press’ new book Toxic Talk, here are a few other new and old selections Randi recommends for your summer reading/re-reading list:

Blinded by the Right: The Conscience of an Ex-Conservative by David Brock

The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine by Michael Lewis

The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism by Naomi Klein

A People's History of the United States: 1492 to Present by Howard Zinn

These stories, your calls and much more on today’s Randi Rhodes Show!