Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"White Liar" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released as the second single to her third studio album, Revolution and the tenth single of her career. Lambert performed "White Liar" on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on October 6, 2009.

The music video, which was directed by Chris Hicky, made its premiere during CMT's Big New Music Weekend on October 2, 2009. The video is set at Lambert's wedding; as she walks down the aisle, she passes numerous women all of which her groom has cheated on her with. When she reaches the altar, she announces that she had been lying too, and runs off with the best man. The video features a cameo appearance of Jamey Johnson as the preacher. Lambert's parents and band members were among the wedding guests, and Lambert's long-time friend, Lacey, was the maid of honor.

"White Liar" debuted at #10 on CMT's Top Twenty Countdown for the week of October 16, 2009.

"White Liar" has received positive reviews from critics. Jim Malec gave the song a thumbs up, describing it as "a decidedly alt-country track that showcases a significant Steve Earle influence and finds Lambert comfortably settling into a vocal groove that compliments the song’s melody instead of overpowering it." He also complimented the production, which featured the "employment of a spectacular steel track that underlines the song throughout." Dan Milliken of Country Universe gave the song a B rating, stating that although "the melody and production are reminiscent of Little Big Town’s best rustic country-rock, and there’s a much more commanding hook here than “Dead Flowers” had, the effort is compromised by throwaway lines. The shortage of lyrical meat gives the song an “undeveloped storyboard” kind of feel, but the overall energy of the execution goes a long way toward making up for it." Bobby Peacock of Roughstock gave a generally favorable review as well, noting that the song "shows a sense of growth — a sense to become even more lyrically-oriented than on even her critically-acclaimed first two albums" but adding that he considered the bridge undeveloped.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

