Season 6, Episode 5: Nightwalkers

A scientist named Fleming contacts SG-1. It seems the work of Immunotech has not 

stopped. The investigation carries SG-1 to a town in Oregon whose citizens lead 

curious double lives - right under the watchful eye of the NID. But all is not as 

it appears in a number of ways, and SG-1 must work quickly to prevent the NID's 

secret project from becoming a disaster for Earth.
	


Season 6, Episode 6: Abyss

Healed after being nearly killed by an Ancient virus, O'Neill finds himself held 

captive on a planet controlled by the Goa'uld Ba'al. O'Neill was brought here by 

the Tok'Ra symbiote that healed him and Ba'al wants to know why. When O'Neill can 

not give him an answer, he soon finds himself being tortured by Ba'al. As Carter, 

Teal'c and Jonas Quinn attempt to go through the Tok'ra records to find out where 

O'Neill was sent by the symbiotic, O'Neill is killed and brought back to life many 

times by Ba'al and his only hope to keep his sanity comes in the form of the 

ascended Daniel Jackson.
	


Season 6, Episode 7: Shadow Play

Jonas Quinn's mentor, Dr. Keiran, visits Earth with the leader of Kelowna and an 

ambassador. Tensions are escalating and they see no alternative but to build and 

use a nahquadria bomb - a weapon of cataclysmic effect and long term consequence. 

Stargate Command is faced with giving them superior weapons or "forcing" them to 

use a deadly device. But Dr. Keiran might have an alternative - a mysterious 

underground only he can contact who can overthrow the government and bring peace - 

if that government doesn't find them first, and if Keiran is telling the truth...
	


Season 6, Episode 8: The Other Guys

Told from the point of view of a stereo-typical scientist, Jay Felger (in love 

with SG-1). While on a standard science "baby-sitting" mission, SG-1 is captured 

by Khonsu (who is secretly Tok'Ra) in order to relay information about Anubis. 

Felger and fellow scientist, Simon Coombs disobey O'Neill's order to return to SGC 

and sneak onto Khonsu's ship. Khonsu's head Jaffa, Her'ak turns on Khonsu and 

kills him, keeping SG-1 to turn over to Anubis in the process. Felger and Coombs, 

manage to help SG-1 escape and return to the SGC.