Love for All and Sharing is the first step to solving all the problems of humanity.

Website I want to share. 
               
   http://www.scenetime.com
 
 
  Credit to EVERYONE for sharing and seeding back
 especially to SCENETIME.COM where i get all my 
 downloads.


 support www.scenetime.com to grow faster.

                             
                                                            
                                                   

.                 ..................................NFO:.................................... 
    
                  
                                      
                                            
                                                   
                                                 
                                                  
                                                      
                                                    
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                               
                                                
                                        
                                    
                               
                             
                      
                     
                     
                        
                                            
                                                          
                                                          
                                                          
                                                        
                                           
                                    
             
                           
                                         
                                 
                                    
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                      
                                                 
                                                  
                                                
                                              
                                              
                         
               
                    
                          
                       
                        
                             
                               
                       
                       
                     
                                 
                 
                           
                                   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
         
       
         
       
         
                 
                      
                  
          
               
              
                
                  
               
                    
                   
                                       
                                                      asphyx          
                                                                              
               -+ FLAiR RISES FROM THE GUTTER TO BRING YOU +-                 
                                                                              
                      Get.Lamp.2010.DVDRip.XviD-FLAiR                         
                                                                            
         
                                                                    
                                                                        
   + Release Notes +    
                                                                        
      + Title[ Get Lamp                                           
      + Release Date[ 2010-10-16      + Source[ Retail DVD           
      + Retail Date[ 2010-08-0?      + iMDB[ n/a                  
      + Runtime[ 93 mins         + File Size[ 700MB / 50x15MB      
      + Genre[ Documentary                                        
                                                                          
                           http://getlamp.com/                            
                                                                          
    + Encoding Info +-     
                                                                          
         + Audio[ 192kb/s Stereo AC3                              
         + Video[ 624 x 336 @ 1048kb/s 23.976fps                  
                                                                          
                                                                      
     
                                                  
               -+ Release Information +-                
                                                                        
                                                                      
                                                              
           At the dawn of the era of home computing, an           
       unusual type of game was the most popular to           
         play. With just a screen of text and a prompt,           
          you would be asked the simple question: What              
            do you want to do next?                                     
                                                                      
            As you typed in commands and sentences, the             
             games would tell you a story; a story fraught                
               with danger, excitement, puzzles and hours of                  
               exploration. Victory would seem just around                    
               the next corner or through the next barrier.                   
                                                                              
                 Players could spend hours, weeks or months                   
               immersed in these games, testing their thinking                
               skills to the limit and sharing their victories                
               and defeats.                                                   
                                                                              
                 They were called text adventures, adventure                  
               games, and interactive ficiton. They dominated                 
               the sales charts and introduced millions to                    
               the power and flexibility of home computers. No                
               other type of computer game could come close.                  
                                                                              
                 And then they were gone forever.                             
                                                                              
                 Or maybe they never actually left.                           
                                                                              
                 Director Jason Scott interviewed dozens of                   
               creators, players, and scholard about the                      
               experience and effect of text adventures and                   
               interactive fiction. The result is Get Lamp, a                 
               documentary with multiple paths that takes you                 
               from a cave deep in Kentucky to the arrival of                 
               what some think is a brand new form of                         
               literature.                                                    
                                                                              
               What do you want to do next?                                   
               >                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                    
                                                      
                                
                                              
                            -+ Rip Notes +-                             
                                                                      
                                                                              
                 Jason Scott is a pretty damn awesome guy.                    
               For 12 years he has run textfiles.com, an                      
               irreplaceable library of well over fifty                       
               thousand textfiles, collected from the golden                  
               era of human kind, the 1980s. Before the dawn                  
               of the World Wide Web, unless you belonged to                  
               the exclusive group that had Internet access                   
               through your university, your primary source                   
               of information would be such textfiles,                        
               downloaded from your local BBS. Usenet, Gopher,                
               Archie, none could measure up to the popularity                
               of the BBS.                                                    
                                                                              
                 Why then, he asked himself, hasn't anyone made               
               any documentaries about this phenomenon, that                  
               meant so much to so many? Rather than being all                
               rhetorical about it, he simply decided to make                 
               it himself! Without funding, without experience,               
               without help (for the most part), he made a full               
               8 episode boxset documentary, the most awesome                 
               retelling of the history of the BBS that the world             
               is ever likely to encounter. Better yet, being                 
               a pirate at heart, he licensed it as Creative                  
               Commons, making it fully legal for anyone to                   
               download and share as they please. Did I mention               
               he's awesome?                                                  
                                                                              
                 Now he's back, and what better subject to                    
               tackle for someone who breathes ASCII than the                 
               text adventure game! An artform largely forgotten              
               today, the text adventure grew out of what so                  
               many games lack today; wanting to inspire your                 
               free imagination. No 3D engine arms race, no                   
               lauding of physics or realism, just a storyline,               
               some words, and a whole lot of creativity.                     
               Complex worlds that would fit in the memory                    
               today available in your wrist watch.                           
                                                                              
                 As is common with Jason Scott releases, the                  
               DVD is packed with extras, yet we've chosen to                 
               include none of them. Why? Because he deserves                 
               your money, that's why! Because there's no greedy              
               corporation behind this, no corrupt distributor,               
               no MPAA no nothing. Because this guy curses                    
               digital data lobotomy as much as you do, because               
               he *let* you download this film, because we wanna              
          see what he's able to do next. If you only buy a          
           single DVD this year, let it be this one.                  
                                                                          
             Enjoy!                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                  
                                                                  
                                                                        
                                                                          
                                                                      
                                                                  
                                                
                                                      
                      -+ Who We Are +-                       
                                                                        
                                                                        
            Since 2003, FLAiR has been dedicated to pres-             
           erving the neglected titles of an entertainment              
            era long gone. A time of classic kids flicks,                 
          painstaking hand-drawn animation and countless              
             cheesy low-budget horrors. A time when pop had                 
              a King, and rock had a Queen. A time when special               
              FX wizards ruled, and CGI was just one of their                 
              many tools.                                                     
                                                                              
                Driven by nostalgia and memories of better                    
              days, we seek to relive those times, and share                  
              those memories. While our belief is that the                    
              80s represent the very pinnacle of pop culture,                 
              we will not limit ourselves to one decade, or                   
              any single genre. We will not ignore the movies                 
              considered insignificant or even embarrassing by                
              the studios. We will not disregard a timepiece                  
              just because it is dated.                                       
                                                                              
                Whereas most groups rely solely on digital                    
              sources, there are still thousands of rare and                  
              out of print titles, many of which have no                      
              planned digital release. We've made it our                      
              mission to dig these out, clean them up using                   
              the best hardware and techniques available to                   
              us, and share them with the world. Be it VHS,                   
              Laserdisc or more exotic formats, we're here                    
              to bring you the best (and worst!) of decades                   
           past. So sit back and enjoy as we uncover and                
           pay tribute to an age of cinema we will never                
         get back.                                                  
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                      
                                      
                                                    
                                                                        
                           -+  Respect  +-                            
                                                                  
                                                                        
                  AEN  AEROHOLiCS  ALLiANCE  ARTHOUSE                   
                                                                        
                 BLooDLiTE  BLooDWeiSeR  EPiSODE  FiCO                  
                                                                        
               FLS  FRAGMENT  HkM  HUMANiSM  KYR  MEMETiC               
                                                                          
              QiX  SAPHiRE  TheWretched  VH-PROD  VoMiT  xV               
                                                                          
                                                                          
                 Gone But Not Forgotten                  
                                                                          
                  SiCK  Cheetah-TV  CuNT  TCF  SChiZO                     
                                                                          
                                                                          
                   and everyone who truly contributes                     
                                                                          
                                                                      
               
                                                      
                  ascii: asphyx!LGF!CPH!SAC!ACiD 2002