Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Sexual Healing" is a 1982 song recorded by American soul singer Marvin Gaye on the Columbia Records label. It was his first single since his exit from his long-term record label Motown earlier in the year, following the release of the In Our Lifetime album the previous year.

Released off his 1982 album, Midnight Love, the song not only became his biggest hit in five years, but also brought Gaye back to the top of the pop music world five years after his last big hit, "Got to Give It Up".

By holding the number-one spot of the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart for ten weeks, it was the longest-running R&B number-one single of the 1980s. "Sexual Healing" eventually hit number three on the Billboard Hot 100 in January 1983. It would unfortunately be Gaye's last top five hit in the U.S., as he died a year later.

It also became an international and global hit reaching number four on the UK Singles Chart—giving Gaye his first UK top ten hit in five years since "Got to Give It Up"—and number one in New Zealand where it stayed at the top spot for six consecutive weeks. It also hit the top three in the Netherlands, number seventeen in Sweden, and number one on Canada's RPM Singles chart, then the main chart for Canada's music sales.

Furthermore, the single garnered him his first gold certificate by RIAA for sales of over 1,000,000 copies (it has since been certified platinum by the RIAA, which means since 1986 sales of over a million, since then gold single status begins with 500,000 units sold) and finally won Gaye, after being nominated for a Grammy Award no less than ten times in his career, the first Grammy Awards of his multi-dimensional career, winning him Best R&B Vocal Performance, Male and Best R&B Instrumental Performance (Orchestra, Group or Soloist) in 1983. It also won him his first American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Single in 1983. The song was later ranked number 231 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

Midnight Love is the final studio album recorded and issued by American soul singer Marvin Gaye and was the singer's first release from Columbia months after leaving his longtime label, Motown. It claimed the number one slot on NME Album of the Year.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

