Studio albums:
2003 The Joy Of Gunz
2005 Everybody Hates You
2007 What The Fuck Is Wrong With You People?
2009 Today We Are All Demons
2010 Making Monsters

EPs:
2003 Kiss The Blade Limited to 667 copies.(Out of Line)
2004 Blut Royale Limited to 666 copies on white vinyl.(Bractune Records)
2004 Sex, Drogen Und Industrial (Out of Line)
2006 Get Your Body Beat (Out of Line / Metropolis Records)
2008 Frost EP: Sent To Destroy (Out of Line / Metropolis Records)
2009 Heat EP: All Pain Is Beat Limited to 1000 copies on vinyl (Out of Line / Metropolis Records)
2010 Scarred (Out of Line / Metropolis Records)
2010 Never Surrender (Out of Line / Metropolis Records)

Compilations:
2010 Noise Collection Vol. 1





“Combichrist” is an aggrotech group, formed in Norway and currently based in the United States.

In 2003 Andy LaPlegua of “Icon of Coil” wrote a few power noise/techno cross over tracks under the name of “D.r.i.v.E.”. This was changed to “Combichrist” when the debut album, “The Joy of Gunz” was set to be released on Out Of Line. The name Combichrist originates from a hardcore fanzine LaPlegua made during the late 90s, with “JR Ewing” guitarist Håkon Mella.

The follow up EPs, and the clamour for live shows, sent Combichrist out on the road where they would become known for their strong and energetic performances.

Their second EP, “sex, drogen und industrial”, spent 7 weeks at number one in the DAC charts.

In March of 2007 they released their third album “What The Fuck Is Wrong With You People?”.

Their latest album, “Today We Are All Demons”, was released on January 20th, 2009.

Combichrist have had much more success than many of the other acts emerging from the electronic underground and the band have become one of the dark electro scene’s most popular live acts. 


The roster of live members is currently Joe Letz (ex “Genitorturers”), Mr Petersen, Z_Marr (ex “Hell Trash”), Kourtney Klein (who also played drums for the reformed “Nitzer Ebb”) and Trevor Friedrich who was the drummer for “Eighteen Visions” and “Imperative Reaction”. Past live members include Håkon Mella, Bjoern Petersen, Syn M, Shaun Frandsen & Jon H.


 
http://www.last.fm/music/Combichrist








how did i get this:
im leet, and i have my ways of getting advanced releases..
also support my friend chrixs0
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/chrixs0/


it was through him i released a lot of my stuff in the past, but decided to get my own tpb account, some of you may have downloaded my early release of the last psyclon nine album, and my combichrist discography (up to 2009) as well as my dawn of ashes discography.

enjoy my torrents, always high quality, always industrial and metal.





combichrist's newest album isn't as good as their past stuff, but it has some good tracks.