Season 7, Episode 1: Fallen
Original Air Date—13 June 2003
A group of nomads on an alien planet find Daniel Jackson naked in the middle of ruins and take him in. Jonas translates the tablet Daniel said was important and discovers that it describes the last city the Ancients were building before the plague. He surmises that the list of addresses Jack put into the computer while storing the Ancient data were Ancient outposts in temporal order. Thus the last of the addresses should be the "City of the Lost". SG-1 visits the planet and happens upon the nomadic people, now inhabiting the ruins of the Ancient city. There they find Daniel, but discover his memory is gone. They must recover his memories in order to discover the secret to defeating Anubis.
	
Season 7, Episode 2: Homecoming

Anubis's superweapon has been put out of commission, but Yu's fleet has been 

diverted to the other side of the galaxy by Yu himself, allowing Anubis to escape 

into hyperspace. Jonas has been captured by Anubis and Daniel is still aboard 

Anubis's ship, evading capture. Anubis uses the mind probe on Jonas, learns of 

Naquadria, and begins his attack on Kelowna. The Kelownans seek aid from the SGC. 

Jack and Sam arrive on Langara to discover that they have given Anubis Naquadria 

in order to secure their safety. They communicate with Daniel who is attempting to 

free Jonas. Teal'c has convinced Yu's first prime to seek a new leader of the 

System Lords, Baal.
	

Season 7, Episode 3: Fragile Balance

A teenage boy shows up at the SGC claiming to be Jack O'Neill. He recalls a dream 

in which an Asgard was studying him. They determine that they must find this 

Asgard to fix what has been done to Jack.
	


Season 7, Episode 4: Orpheus

In a firefight with Jaffa, Teal'c takes a staff blast to the gut. Without his 

symbiote, he cannot regenerate as he once did. Daniel feels that he cannot 

remember something important, so he goes searching through the logs for any sign 

of his lost knowledge. Teal'c expresses his feelings that the Tritonin has made 

him weak.
	
