Info:

Size: 107.40 MB (112,620,816 bytes)

Description:


Jessica Alba story:

A series of newly-leaked pictures of a semi-naked and pregnant Jessica Alba have surfaced online.

Separate sets of multiple shots, which were presumably snapped via cell phones, show the Sin City star appearing topless and the source of the internet leaks is still unclear, reported E! online.

In one shot, the 29-year-old actress is seen getting a kiss in her eye by husband Cash Warren while another shot shows a pregnant belly.

The pictures have been disseminated via Fleshbot whose editor Lux Alptraum said that the images are a real deal.

"I grabbed them before they became a really big story. We see a lot of fakes, and this one, especially Alba's, look real, because they are so personal looking. The fake ones are usually incredibly sexual. These look a lot more real. And the fakes usually get debunked pretty quickly," said Alptraum.

"I think Jessica's are just pregnancy pictures, not inherently sexual. We sexualize anything with the slightest hint of breast. These pictures are sweet," she added.



Kat Dennings story:

Kat Dennings naked pictures have been leaked online. The photos from the star of “Nick and Nora’s Infinite Play list,” were sent as sexy nude pictures to someone by Kat Dennings herself, but that is not how it ended up!

In the world of technology someone got a hold of the naked pictures and before you know it, they appear online for the world to gawk at! Kat Dennings has found out the hard way that naked pictures and the online world do not mix!

According to PopCrunch, these photos were leaked through a cell phone and Kat Dennings is not very happy that her naked pictures have become such a sight for the world to see.

PopCrunch is calling Kat Denning’s naked photos the bestnude photos they have ever seen.

Many Connecticut residents, as well as everyone else in the country might remember Kat Dennings from her first role on “Sex in the City.” She was the bratty kid of 13 who hired Samantha to plan her bat mitzvah. She is very different today in these pictures. My how she has grown! 


Whatever you grab, remember to seed back, ok?

tq =)

Enjoy !!!	