Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Burn It to the Ground" is the fourth U.S. single (fifth single in Canada after I'd Come for You) released off of Canadian post-grunge band Nickelback's sixth studio album Dark Horse. It was released on Thursday, January 29, 2009, as rock radio only single, due to its heavy sound. Although, like many other songs, it was played earlier than its release. It was also released to top 40 radio, as Astral Media top 40 station CKMM-FM (Hot 103) in Winnipeg, Manitoba began playing the song in August 2009.

The video premiered on July 10, 2009. The video features the band on stage at the O2 arena in London performing the song. The crowd shots are a mix of all of their Dark Horse Tour shows in the United Kingdom.

On this ode to getting drunk, and "burning it to the ground," frontman Chad Kroeger sings about drinking "everything in sight." The song is a Def Leppard-style arena anthem, and one that Nickelback are currently performing on their Dark Horse World Tour, where Kroeger usually begins the song by saying "this song is the theme song of my life."

It is featured on the soundtrack for Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, and can be heard in the background during a party scene, in the film. An instrumental version of the song is played when the Kansas City Royals' starting line-up is introduced during home games. The song is also used by the Colorado Rockies as the players take the field. It is also be featured in NHL 10. The song will be used as the new theme song for WWE Raw as of November 16, 2009. Professional MMA fighter Ben Rothwell used this song as his entrance music in his first UFC fight against Cain Velasquez at UFC 104.

The song is also the touchdown song for the NFL's Cincinnati Bengals, the goal song for the NHL's New York Islanders, and also the entrance theme for the AHL's Abbotsford Heat. This may be due to Nickelback being based in the Fraser Valleyas they are from Vancouver. 


Some lyrics in this video are censored.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

