Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Sooner or Later" is the title of a song written by John Shanks, Hillary Lindsey, and co-written and recorded by American country artist Michelle Branch. It was released as the lead-off single to her first solo country album, Everything Comes and Goes. "Sooner or Later" was released as a digital download on July 28, 2009 and later to country radio on August 10, 2009. This is Branch's first country single, and her first release since The Wreckers, a country duo consisting of Branch and Jessica Harp, was placed on hold in favor of solo careers for both members.

The music video, which was directed by Liz Friedlander, premiered during CMT's Big New Music Weekend on October 2, 2009. The video begins with Branch driving a Volkswagen van and picking up a guy. She drives through the desert before coming to a stop at a junkyard, then at some ruins. Throughout the video, Branch is also shown performing with her acoustic guitar while sitting on a leather chair beside the road and at an old gas station. In the end, the man puts his arm around her and they walk away together.

"Sooner or Later" is a moderate up-tempo country song driven by acoustic guitar, with prominent banjo and steel guitar fills. The narrator describes a friend, who she really wants to be with, but he doesn't know yet. She finishes by saying that he will realize she is the perfect match "sooner or later".

Branch, who wrote the song with John Shanks and Hillary Lindsey, stated the song was based on her experience of being only a friend when she wanted more.

"Sooner or Later" debuted at #59 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the chart week of September 5, 2009.

Michelle Branch (born July 2, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. During the early 2000s, she released two top-selling albums, The Spirit Room and Hotel Paper, as well as singles such as "Everywhere," "All You Wanted," "Goodbye To You," "Are You Happy Now?," "Breathe" and the Grammy-winning collaboration with Santana, "The Game of Love." She was nominated in 2003 for the Grammy Award for Best New Artist. Following her marriage and subsequent pregnancy in 2004, Branch placed her career on hold. In 2005, she formed the country music duo The Wreckers with friend and fellow musician Jessica Harp, and produced a Grammy-nominated single "Leave the Pieces." Despite that success, the band took a break in 2007 to pursue their solo careers. Her new album Everything Comes and Goes will explore her acoustic/alternative musical roots as well as country music, and will most likely be released in 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

