File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Buttons" is a song written by Sean Garrett, Jamal Jones, Jason Perry, and Nicole Scherzinger for the Pussycat Dolls' debut album PCD (2005). Released as the album's fourth single, the song became one of their biggest hits. It is their fourth top-three single on the UK Singles Chart and their second top-three single on the Billboard Hot 100.

The Pussycat Dolls collaborated with Snoop Dogg on this release. The song was altered slightly from the album version, adding in two rap verses. For the final release of the single, the version featuring Snoop Dogg is described as the main mix.

The video was shot in March 20, 2006 by production company DNA and was directed by Francis Lawrence. It features the Pussycat Dolls with rapper Snoop Dogg. In a sepia-toned setting, The Dolls, dressed in suggestive black outfits, progress through the video performing a striptease that leads to several dance segments. Scherzinger, in one dance sequence in the second verse, uses a chair as a prop. On the chorus, five additional chairs appear in the scene, and five of the members of the group appear, and the dance continues; Thornton, who is separated from the girls in this sequence, is seen doing her melismatic runs on the chorus.

The video is influenced by both the Pussycat Dolls's old-school burlesque traditions and the Middle-Eastern influence of the musical composition, incorporating props and imagery such as the trademark Pussycat Dolls's method of the silhouetting of bodies in their stage shows, jazz dance moves, and a curtain made from jewelry worn by belly dancers. A different version of the video is shown with smoke coming from some of the dolls during some sequences, and finally the floor bursting into digitally-added fire in the last sequences. As with "Beep", a new piece of music, using the same riff but with a different, faster drum beat was added in, so the dolls could perform a faster dance routine. This piece of music replaces the bridge in the video.

The video reached number five in MTV UK Hits' "Top 100 Songs of 2006". It received an award at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards in the category of Best Dance Video, and was voted best video of 2006 in Vh1's Top 40 Videos of 2006, beating "Hips Don't Lie" by Shakira and "Far Away" by Nickelback. It was also The Hits' choice as the "Sexiest Video" for 2006. The video scored #4 on MuchMusic's 50 Sexiest Videos.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

