WARNING: 
IF YOU BELIEVE THAT RIGHTWING OR REPUBLICANS ARE RIGHT, MOVE ON..
IF YOU BELIEVE THAT LEFTWING OR DEMOCRATS ARE RIGHT, MOVE ON...

Worship Bush or Obama and the outcome is the same.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Originally DVD9 - DVD Shrink Used to shrink the EXTRAS more than main movie so this will fit on a DVD5, FULL DVD (NTSC) with menus etc.

--------

In my opinion this is the best Alex Jones film of late, much better than ENDGAME, Obama Deception, etc. etc. This dives into a wealth of topics from economy, to televisions effect on the brainwaves. Great film to spread to others to help wake them up!

--------

"Fall of the Republic: The Presidency of Barack Obama"
     Original Release: Oct. 21, 2009
     Duration: 02:24:18

     http://www.falloftherepublic.com/

About Fall of the Republic

Fall of the Republic documents how an offshore corporate cartel is bankrupting
the U.S. economy by design. Leaders are now declaring that world government has
arrived and that the dollar will be replaced with a new global currency.


President Obama has brazenly violated Article I Section 9 of the U.S.
Constitution by seating himself at the head of United Nation’s Security Council,
thus becoming the first U.S. President to chair the world body. 

A scientific dictatorship is in its final stages of completion, and laws
protecting basic human rights are being abolished worldwide; an iron curtain of
high-tech tyranny is now descending over the planet. 

A worldwide regime controlled by an unelected corporate elite is implementing a
planetary carbon tax system that will dominate all human activity and establish
a system of neo-feudal slavery. 

The image makers have carefully packaged Obama as the world’s savior; he is the
Trojan Horse manufactured to pacify the people just long enough for the
globalists to complete their master plan. 

This film reveals the architecture of the New World Order and what the power
elite have in store for humanity. More importantly it communicates how We the
People can retake control of our government, turn the criminal tide and bring
the tyrants to justice. 

MAKE THE CHOICE: LIBERTY OR TYRANNY 

-----------

Please visit www.theblackpacket.com if you like this upload, plenty of other alternative documentaries and life saving information. Thanks and be sure to purchase a copy of this film to support the cause, and make as many copies as you can for others!