Tzadik Records: 
http://www.tzadik.com/index.php?catalog=7374

Personnel
~~~~~~~~
* Rob Burger: piano
* Greg Cohen: bass
* Ben Perowsky: drums

Review
~~~~~~ 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?sql=10:h9fwxzq0ldhe
by Thom Jurek

For a change, the descriptor insert included in a Tzadik release isn't all
hype. Alhambra Love Songs does indeed contain "some of the most beautiful and
soothing music Zorn has ever written." This 11-cut set is an eclectic homage of
sorts to the San Francisco Bay area and the musicians who have and continue to
make it their home. Written for a piano trio consisting of Rob Burger, bassist
Greg Cohen (who alternates between upright and electric), and drummer Ben
Perowsky, what's most important to remember when popping this into the deck is
that these are indeed "songs." They all have direct melodic themes, lyric
harmony, and follow a linear trajectory from one place to another. Zorn puts
that in the listener's ears on the very first cut, "Mountain View," dedicated to
Vince Guaraldi. It doesn't merely nod to the late pianist and composer of the
Charlie Brown television themes, it evokes him directly, utilizing his sense of
lithe, lyric theme and simple rhythmic sensibility in a hummable melody. It's
delightful. "Pacifica," dedicated to mystic Harry Smith, is more elliptical and
mysterious in presentation, but just as melodic and accessible. And that's the
point. The Tzadik insert also namechecks Ramsey Lewis and Henry Mancini as well
as the words "easy listening mode," but these influences aren't all that
pronounced. But this doesn't fall into the category of one of Zorn's challenging
series of recordings, either. It is simply a set of gorgeous songs with a
variety of jazz, television, cinematic, and landscape themes written into their
melodies, all dedicated to various musicians, composers, actors, poets, and
other persona whom Zorn holds in high regard. Some may wonder initially if this
fits in best with The Gift or Dreamers, and it sounds nothing like either
recording. These tunes -- be it the tender "Half Moon Bay" dedicated to poet and
translator Lyn Hejinian, or "Moraga," scored for Clint Eastwood, which evokes
both his cinematic work as an actor and his work as a composer, or the ever so
brief and utterly lovely "Miramar," for Terry Riley, which envelope the listener
in pulsing rhythmic repetition before whispering itself out on the individual
notes of its chords -- all have the same effect: one of complete listening
pleasure. These small tunes will get inside your head and remain there,
prompting you to listen to this set over and again. Each track is different from
the last in theme, mood, and construction, but follows its thematic strategy
almost to a fault. The band is fantastic. Burger's percussive touch on the keys
is a plus. He never hits too hard, but he's a very rhythmic player. Add to this
the brushwork of Perowsky and the always inventive, sensitive, and often subtle
work of Cohen, and you have a unit that can swing when the tune calls for it,
let a piece breathe, or playfully get inside it. Alhambra Love Songs is a gem,
and will literally bring joy to anyone who gives it an honest listen.


01 - Mountain View (for Vince Guaraldi) 5:08
02 - Novato (for Mike Patton) 3:52
03 - Pacifica (for Harry Smith) 3:58
04 - Benicia (for Paul Canales) 3:48
05 - Half Moon Bay (for Lyn Hejinian) 4:38
06 - Moraga (for Clint Eastwood) 4:17
07 - Tamalpais (for Elissa Guest) 4:08
08 - Larkspur (for Willie Winant) 3:36
09 - Alhambra Blues (for Mo Siegel) 4:26
10 - Miramar (for Terry Riley) 1:19
11 - Tiburon (for David Lynch) 5:19

All compositions by John Zorn