CAMP FEMA: AMERICAN LOCKDOWN

Evidence of Internment Camps in America
	
Recent legislation attempting to legitimize the use of internment camps to detain U.S. citizens in the event of an uprising or civil unrest has many people asking what nation they live in.

In a country born out of political dissent, we watch our leaders in Washington slowly pass bills that label ordinary Americans as thought criminals and potential domestic terrorists for simply questioning the actions of their government.  We see third party candidates and their impassioned supporters listed in secret government reports that call their allegiance into question and brand them as fanatics and extremists. 

Senate committee hearings and official FBI documents further illustrate the mindset of our elected officials as they classify homeschoolers, gun rights activists and anti-abortionists as threats against the existing social and political order; by default creating an entire nation of radicals and revolutionaries - where everyone is a suspect… equally guilty until proven otherwise. 

How has our government shown that they will deal with these people?  The same way as every other totalitarian regime throughout history - marginalize their activities then lock them up.  Prisons are being built; internment camps constructed and laws passed that deal severely with anyone who dares to step out of line or ask too many questions.
Who are the potential domestic terrorists that will end up in these camps?  Read the documentation for yourself and hear what our experts have to say.  States rights take a front row seat in this new political thriller that is guaranteed to send shivers up your spine.  Find out where the true power of the people rests in halting these treasonous activities NOW!   View the Camp FEMA guest list. 


P.S. This is Gary Franci's first film. If you like his style and the quality, please be sure to purchase this movie or multiple copies, to help support him and his future projects. This is the first, so help make it a success! The film is definitely worth its price and is an invaluable tool in the fight for justice and truth.

Go buy it! www.campfema.com

-----------

Please visit www.theblackpacket.com if you like this upload, plenty of other alternative documentaries and life saving information. Thanks and be sure to purchase a copy of this film to support the cause, and make as many copies as you can for others!	
