Evil Angel director Jay Sin loves traveling across Europe and points east in quest of the world's most sensational anal sluts. On a recent Russian excursion he informally filmed his casting sessions, in which prospective porn girls show off their butts and exercise their assholes. The sphincter-winking and anus-gaping proved so impressive that Jay couldn't resist showing the booty to fans who share his passion for anal acrobatics. Winking 101 In Russia collects these casting sessions, with each individual scene reflecting the girl's personality as well as her ability to take big toys up her ass and then proudly display her gaping dilation. Jay fastens clamps to cover girl Britney's perky nipples; she's a good gaper and winker. Jasmine looks vaguely Asian - these girls reflect the vast diversity of Russia - with lovely knockers and a hot, little tush. The friendly, smiling girl spreads for a massive gape. Soaking in a tub, redhead Vanda's asshole makes nasty sounds as she yanks a dildo from her butthole's clutch. Buxom Luba Love gets seriously into her session, tasting her big vibrator right from her ass and shamelessly emitting pussy farts. Adventurous Sofia, a blonde 19-year-old, buries huge toys and a billiard ball, which she then licks clean. Cute Miss Sixty's gape reveals her pink innards.
Endless Shanti flirts with the camera and takes a menacing metal toy in her tailpipe. Petite, cute Sasha (only 1Cool has a curvy butt, a meaty pussy, and she likes clips on her labia. Lara Page, an adorable blonde, licks a lollipop from her pussy; the tiny-waisted girl manages to consume a big toy in her pretty, yawning ass. Jessica Miller is another flirting, gaping cutie with a butt almost too shapely for her tiny tummy. Miki and Staysi simply bury gigantic black toys. But Jay saves the best for the last of 14 scenes: It's a seven-girl champagne party, with the bubbly cascading on the hot, curvy girls. They're lined up asses-forward on a couch, and - wink-wink - how could a director better compare their cheeky, gaping talents?

Cover: 
http://image.bayimg.com/nanmdaacn.jpg

Screens 1: 
http://image.bayimg.com/nanmeaacn.jpg

Screens 2: 
http://image.bayimg.com/nanmfaacn.jpg