BBC - Jimi Hendrix The Uncut Story (2004), Complete, DivX, MvGroup
--------------------------------------------------------------

With the blessings of Jimi's biological family and many of his closest
friends, Passport brings the life of Jimi Hendrix to light as never
before. From his upbringing in Seattle to his final days in London, JIMI
HENDRIX: THE UNCUT STORY goes beyond all previously released
documentaries to explore the complete life-story behind the legendary
artist.

Episode 1: 1942-1961
The first part of this three-episode series takes us through Jimi's life
in Seattle, Washington where he spent two-thirds of his twenty-seven
years. Through the recollection of his closest friends and family, we
enter into the inner world of Jimi's childhood upbringing. This is where
we come to know the people and events that would shape his love for
music and define the extraordinary man he would become.

Episode 2: 1961 - 1967
After Jimi's stint in the army, we join him as a sideman on the Chitlin'
Circuit playing behind some of the greatest names in R&B. After
following Jimi to New York, we head off to the UK where Jimi Hendrix
became the toast of swinging London virtually overnight. Hear directly
from the British rock stars and scenesters who witnessed Jimi's musical
coup d'état firsthand. Then follow the Jimi Hendrix Experience on their
way to becoming the hottest rock trio on the world stage.

Episode 3: 1967 - 1970
Part three highlights the culmination of Jimi's musical career. It was
the peak of the counter-culture era and the world was changing at an
incredible pace. Jimi's music and lifestyle were no exception. Here is
where we follow Jimi to the height of his creative powers, both in the
studio and on the road?only to watch it all come crashing down upon him.
Through exclusive interviews, we get the facts behind Jimi's demise and
examine the events surrounding his controversial death. But more than
that - we come to know the spiritual message behind Jimi's work and
celebrate the final stage of his life in music.

-------------

More stuff here:                                                         
http://thepiratebay.org/user/MartinBLCK/