Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Thinkin' About You" is a song performed by American Contemporary R&B singer-songwriter Mario. It was written by Rico Love and produced by US production outfit The Runners and their spin-off production team, The Monarch. It was released on September 4, 2009 as the second single from his fourth studio album D.N.A..

The song debuted on the U.S. Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, at number 96. Since then, have reached number 53 on the charts.

Mario confirmed via his official twitter page that he will be shooting the video in London on September 27, 2009. The video was directed by Chris Robinson. RichGirl's Audra Simmons is the lead girl in the video.

The official video was debuted on 106 & Park on October 13, 2009 and has since then reached the #1 spot on the top ten countdown

Initially Mario told his fans through his video blog that "Stranded" would be released as his second single. However it was then reported that "Thinkin' About You" would be released instead and was set to feature additional vocals from Diddy. A version of the song featuring Ace Hood leaked online which was quickly dubbed the official demo for the Diddy version. When the song finally premiered on US radio on September fourth it featured just Mario's vocals and confirmed that neither Diddy nor Ace Hood would appear on the song. Later, the version with Diddy leaked on the internet.

A reviewer for music website Djbooth.net said, "With the follow-up single, the singer reaches out to fans of his more traditional R&B balladry in addition to the club crowd" also, he adds "As if MarioΓÇÖs Trey Songz-esque vocals and Rico LoveΓÇÿs songwriting werenΓÇÖt enough to sweep this female off her feet, The Runners heighten the ambiance yet further with a steamy, synth-packed instrumental".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

