Family Guy Season 8 COMPLETE!!!

PLEASE SEED FOR OTHERS THK!

info: language:english
      country: USA
      year: 2009-10

Episodes listing:

Season 8, Episode 1: Road to the Multiverse
Original Air Date—27 September 2009
Stewie and Brian explore a series of alternate universes.

Season 8, Episode 2: Family Goy
Original Air Date—4 October 2009
When Peter and Lois find out that Lois' mother was a Holocaust survivor, Peter decides that the Griffins will adopt the Jewish faith, until a vision of his dead father changes his mind.
Season 8, Episode 3: Spies Reminiscent of Us
Original Air Date—11 October 2009
With the help of Chevy Chase and Dan Aykroyd, Stewie and Brian discover that mayor Adam West is a Cold War sleeper agent. Meanwhile, Peter, Quagmire, and Joe start an improv comedy group.


Season 8, Episode 4: Brian's Got a Brand New Bag
Original Air Date—8 November 2009
When Brian snags an older woman, he's the laughingstock of the family, but things get really bad when she breaks her hip and Brian has to be her errand-boy.

Season 8, Episode 5: Hannah Banana
Original Air Date—8 November 2009
Brian helps Stewie meet Miley Cyrus before her concert in Quahog, and they discover a secret about her identity. Meanwhile, the family discovers that the evil monkey in Chris's closet isn't actually evil.
Next US airings:
Sun. Sept. 5	11:00 PM	TOON
Mon. Sept. 6	3:00 AM	TOON

Season 8, Episode 6: Quagmire's Baby
Original Air Date—15 November 2009
Quagmire is forced to take care of a baby he fathered when she is left on his doorstep, while Stewie creates clones of himself and Brian.
Next US airings:
Sun. Aug. 29	11:00 PM	TOON
Mon. Aug. 30	3:00 AM	TOON

Season 8, Episode 7: Jerome Is the New Black
Original Air Date—22 November 2009
The guys find a new black friend to join their group, until Peter finds out that he slept with Lois. Meanwhile, Brian tries to find out why Quagmire hates him and tries to make amends.

Season 8, Episode 8: Dog Gone
Original Air Date—29 November 2009
When Brian accidentally kills another dog he is surprised to see that no one cares so he tries to convince everyone that the life of a dog should have the same value as a human one. Meanwhile, Lois hires a maid who doesn't listen to Peter.

Season 8, Episode 9: Business Guy
Original Air Date—13 December 2009
Peter takes over Pewterschmidt Industries when his father-in-law has a heart attack and goes into a coma.

Season 8, Episode 10: Big Man on Hippocampus
Original Air Date—3 January 2010
The Griffins are invited to be contestants on the game show "Family Feud." After winning the game and advancing to the show's bonus round (called Fast Money), Lois puts the Griffins in prime position to win the game, but Peter bungles the opportunity when he stubbornly refuses to change his answer to the first question. Host Richard Dawson tries to remind Peter of the rules, but when Peter continues to argue and grabs Dawson, he gets pushed through a podium on the set and is knocked unconscious. At the hospital, Dr. Hartman tells Lois that Peter has amnesia. At home, Lois has to re-teach Peter everything about his life, including re-introducing him to his friends and family and menial skills such as eating, driving and sex. After the latter, Peter realizes that he enjoys sex and believes he can sleep with any woman. When Peter introduces Tiffani Amber Thiessen to Lois, she loses patience with her husband and moves herself and the rest of the family out to sort out her feelings. Quagmire learns that Lois has moved out of her house and begins to court her. Brian realizes what is about to happen and warns Peter, only to learn that Peter had regained his memory but didn't tell anybody. (Peter had regained his memory after being clubbed on the head repeatedly by his nemesis, Ernie the Giant Chicken, and had kept quiet since he enjoyed his new bachelor life so much). Peter eventually walks in on Quagmire and Lois as they are engaged in foreplay, and Peter apologizes for his recent behavior and calls on her to come home. Lois accepts, and the two leave Quagmire behind, wondering what's going on.

Season 8, Episode 11: Dial Meg for Murder
Original Air Date—31 January 2010
Meg goes to prison after her boyfriend escapes from jail, and returns as a frightening, hardened sociopath.

Season 8, Episode 12: Extra Large Medium
Original Air Date—14 February 2010
After they are saved after being lost in the wilderness, Stewie helps Chris muster up the courage to ask a girl with Down Syndrome out on a date, while Peter pretends to be a psychic.

Season 8, Episode 13: Go, Stewie, Go!
Original Air Date—14 March 2010
Stewie poses as a girl so that he can appear on a children's show, but trouble arises when he falls for a female co-star. Meanwhile, Meg gets a new boyfriend, but Lois tries to make a move on him.

Season 8, Episode 14: Peter-assment
Original Air Date—21 March 2010
Peter is sexually harassed by his unattractive female boss, but will he follow through with her advances and keep his job?

Season 8, Episode 15: Brian Griffin's House of Payne
Original Air Date—28 March 2010
Brian sells his pilot for a heartwarming family drama to CBS, who then turns it into a lame, formulaic sitcom starring James Woods. Meanwhile, Meg and Chris try to hide Stewie's accidental injury they caused from their parents.
Season 8, Episode 16: April in Quahog
Original Air Date—11 April 2010
Peter makes an embarrassing confession about his kids as everyone thinks the world is about to come to an end.

Season 8, Episode 17: Brian & Stewie
Original Air Date—2 May 2010
In the Special 1-Hour 150th Episode Event, Brian and Stewie get locked in a bank vault where they are forced to deal with each other on a whole new level. The one-hour event also includes never-before-seen musical footage.
Next US airings:
Sun. Sept. 5	9:00 PM	Fox

Season 8, Episode 18: Quagmire's Dad
Original Air Date—9 May 2010
Quagmire's dad comes to Quahog and announces that he's undergoing a sex change. And when Brian returns to town after a seminar, he accidentally makes the situation even more awkward.
Next US airings:
Sun. Sept. 5	9:30 PM	Fox

Season 8, Episode 19: The Splendid Source
Original Air Date—16 May 2010
With Cleveland's help, Peter, Joe and Quagmire blow off a couples getaway to Maine to search for the origin of the worlds funniest dirty joke.

Season 8, Episode 20: Something, Something, Something, Dark Side
Original Air Date—26 December 2009