"Symphony & Metallica" (FLAC 100%)

S&M is a live album by the American heavy metal band Metallica, with the San Francisco Symphony on April 21-22, 1999 at Berkeley Community Theatre. This is the final Metallica album to feature bassist Jason Newsted.

Album information

S&M contains performances of Metallica songs with additional symphonic accompaniment, which was composed by Michael Kamen, who also conducted the orchestra during the concert.
In addition to songs from previous albums spanning Ride the Lightning through ReLoad, there are two new compositions: "No Leaf Clover" and "Human", as well as a symphonic cover of "The Ecstasy of Gold" by Ennio Morricone. "No Leaf Clover" has since been performed by Metallica in concert, using a recording of the orchestral prelude. "Human", credited as "Minus Human", was included in the soundtrack of the Electronic Arts game NHL 99, but has never subsequently been performed.
Several other songs, including "Wasting My Hate", "The Unforgiven", and "Fade To Black", were considered for selection, but were eventually dropped as it was decided by both Metallica and Michael Kamen that they weren't well suited for symphonic accompaniment.
Changes were made to the lyrics of some songs, most notably the removal of the second verse and chorus of "The Thing That Should Not Be".
The "S" in the stylized "S&M" on the album cover is a backwards treble clef, while the "M" is taken from Metallica's iconic logo. "S&M", which ostensibly stands for "Symphony & Metallica" is a play on words referring to Sadomasochism, which is often abbreviated as "S&M".
The idea to play heavy metal with a classical symphonic accompaniment has been suggested to have originally been the idea of late bassist Cliff Burton.

==Track List==

DISCO 1
1.: Ecstasy Of Gold
2.: Until It Sleeps
3.: For Whom The Bell Tolls
4.: Human
5.: Wherever I May Roam
6.: Outlaw Torn
7.: Sad But True
8.: One
9.: Enter Sandman
10.: Battery

DISCO 2
1.: Nothing Else Matters
2.: Call Of Ktulu
3.: Master Of Puppets
4.: Of Wolf And Man
5.: Thing That Should Not Be
6.: Fuel
7.: Memory Remains
8.: No Leaf Clover
9.: Hero Of The Day
10.: Devil's Dance
11.: Bleeding Me

Name: Metallica - S&M With San Francisco Symphony (Live), [lossless FLAC level 8]Heavy Metal (Live) 2