Um dos vigaristas mais inteligentes do FBI, Eric McCormack, que já ganhou o prêmio Emmy® e atuou na série de TV Will & Grace, e Sherry Stringfield, que fez parte de outra série de TV, ER, estrelam juntos o filme Quem é Clark Rockefeller?;, uma história inacreditável de amor, derrota e trapaças. Também conhecido como Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter, Clark Rockefeller usa seu charme para entrar na vida de Sandra Boss e acredita que finalmente adquiriu a identidade perfeita. Mas ela descobre a verdadeira história de Clark, o que faz desmoronar a sua vida e o seu casamento. Clark, então, toma uma medida audaciosa: rapta a própria filha e tenta desaparecer para sempre. Sandra agora terá que enfrentar seu próprio passado e expor a verdade antes que seja tarde demais.



Called \"the longest running con in FBI history,\" Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter, the man that people knew as \"Clark Rockefeller\" (McCormack) had brilliantly impersonated numerous people, ranging from a talk show host to a Pentagon Advisor before ultimately claiming to be an heir to the famous Rockefeller family. Confident from the success of his prior scams, Clark quickly became well known and highly respected among Boston\'s elite and used his purported high society status to charm his way into the life of Sandra Boss (Stringfield), a millionaire with a Harvard MBA and a partner at the prestigious management consulting firm, McKinsey & Company. Following a whirlwind courtship, the two married and had a daughter, Reigh (Emily Alyn Lind, Eastwick) before their rocky 12-year union ended in divorce, leading Clark to abduct his beloved daughter after losing custody to Sandra. With the help of FBI agent Megan Norton (Taylor), Sandra\'s search for her daughter exposed Clark\'s lifelong con game for the world to see and ultimately raised questions about the real man and the deception he is capable of.


Qualidade: DVDRip
Tamanho: 800 Mb
Qtde de mídias: 1
Áudio: Português e Inglês


Quality: DVDRip
Size: 800 Mb
Number of DVDs: 1
Audio: English and Portuguese



Screens:

 
http://bayimg.com/NaaFBaaDo.jpg
 
http://bayimg.com/naAffaAdo.jpg
 
http://bayimg.com/naaFGAadO.jpg




Enjoy Another Quality Release... :)