Xvid - AC3 - 2 min. 13 sec.
 
http://RTR.org/signup | http://ronpaul2012.TV

The word on the street is that the Congressman will be running for president in the next election cycle, and even with no official word from Ron Paul’s inner circle, the grassroots are rising again to unofficially kick off the Ron Paul presidential campaign for 2012.

This November 5th marks the anniversary of the historic money bomb, or one day fundraiser, that broke all records in American presidential campaign history. To mark the occasion, Ron Paul supporters everywhere are dusting off their old signs and breaking out the road maps to find those familiar stomping grounds where they once labeled the highway overpasses with the name of their candidate.

Using familiar tools like FaceBook and Meetup Groups to organize, Ron Paul supporters are also flocking to a new online tool found at RTR.org. The new site incorporates the power of social networking, with the ability to auto publish your RTR Ron Paul group, events and activities to Facebook, Myspace and twitter with just the touch of a button.

RTR, the website known popularly as Restore the Republic, and its members, are credited with being a driving force during the historic 2008 Ron Paul Presidential Campaign. With that in mind, the site organizers are planning a LIVE webcast on the night of November 5th to remember the 5th of November.

They plan to host a series of special guests and allow for viewers to call in to the show with their Skype webcams or telephones, to share their views on the upcoming presidential season and break down the results of the 2010 mid-term elections. Included in the November 5th webcast, known as "Late Stream LIVE", the new site at RTR.org will be presented to the people and officially announced to the public.

So get on board -- find your Groups now at Facebook, Meetup, or RTR.org; and dust off those signs for this November 5th. Then click into the Late Stream LIVE that night at RTR.org, the social network of the Revolution!
