ALL VIDEOS ARE SUPER HIGH QUALITY

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.

You can find more of my Torrents at

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.

HQ Divx
 
http://ep.yimg.com/ca/I/infowars-shop_2074_7529253.jpg DVD cover here

Here it is. The Fall of The Republic by Alex Jones. Here are your answers to why the World is going to Hell.

President Obama has brazenly violated Article 1 Section 9 of the US Constitution by seating himself at the head of United Nations' Security Council, thus becoming the first US president to chair the world body.

A scientific dictatorship is in its final stages of completion, and laws protecting basic human rights are being abolished worldwide; an iron curtain of high-tech tyranny is now descending over the planet.
A worldwide regime controlled by an unelected corporate elite is implementing a planetary carbon tax system that will dominate all human activity and establish a system of neo-feudal slavery.

The image makers have carefully packaged Obama as the world's savior; he is the Trojan Horse manufactured to pacify the people just long enough for the globalists to complete their master plan.

This film reveals the architecture of the New World Order and what the power elite have in store for humanity. More importantly it communicates how We The People can retake control of our government, turn the criminal tide and bring the tyrants to justice.


Fall Of The Republic Extras: Oath Keepers

Learn about how the Oath Keepers, a non-partisan association of currently serving military, reserves, National Guard, veterans, Peace Officers, and Fire Fighters, have sworn to uphold the Constitution and not follow unlawful orders to oppress the American people.

HQ Divx
 
http://infowars-shop.stores.yahoo.net/faofreprofba.html

prisonplanet.tv

The Obama Deception is a hard-hitting film that completely destroys the myth that Barack Obama is working for the best interests of the American people.

The Obama phenomenon is a hoax carefully crafted by the captains of the New World Order. He is being pushed as savior in an attempt to con the American people into accepting global slavery.

We have reached a critical juncture in the New World Order's plans. It's not about Left or Right: it's about a One World Government. The international banks plan to loot the people of the United States and turn them into slaves on a Global Plantation.

Covered in this film: who Obama works for, what lies he has told, and his real agenda. If you want to know the facts and cut through all the hype, this is the film for you.

Watch the Obama Deception and learn how:

- Obama is continuing the process of transforming America into something that resembles Nazi Germany, with forced National Service, domestic civilian spies, warrantless wiretaps, the destruction of the Second Amendment, FEMA camps and Martial Law.

- Obama's handlers are openly announcing the creation of a new Bank of the World that will dominate every nation on earth through carbon taxes and military force.

- International bankers purposefully engineered the worldwide financial meltdown to bankrupt the nations of the planet and bring in World Government.

- Obama plans to loot the middle class, destroy pensions and federalize the states so that the population is completely dependent on the Central Government.

- The Elite are using Obama to pacify the public so they can usher in the North American Union by stealth, launch a new Cold War and continue the occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan.

The information contained in this film is vital to the future of the Republic and to freedom worldwide. President Barack Obama is only the tool of a larger agenda. Until all are made aware, humanity will remain captive to the masters of the New World Order.

prisonplanet.tv

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html

DAYS OF DANIEL'S 70TH WEEK The Last Seven Years before Jesus Christ Returns

Peace covenant between Israel and enemies arranged by America, Daniel 9:27, Revelation 6:2, 8:1. Construction of temple begins. Days of religious, political deception will be shortened when Russia invades within 1,230 days, Matthew 24:22. Rapture is history, body of Christ in Heaven, Revelation 4. Jesus comes in 2,520 days.

220th Day

Temple construction allows for sacrifices and oblations to begin. Taken away in 1,010 days by Russian-Syrian leader. Jesus comes in 2,300 days. Temple site then cleansed, Daniel 8:13-14.

869th Day

Two witnesses begin 1,260 day ministry, Revelation 11:3. They will be warning the Jews of the imminent Russian-Syrian invasion. Their ministry will be during both halves of the 70th Week because of Revelation 11:6, which shows God's judgment of water to blood, which occurs in last half; and Revelation 11:10, which shows world rejoicing at the death of two witnesses. If they ministered only in the last half, the world would be terrified and mourning at sight of returning Lord, not rejoicing. If they minister only first half, how can waters turn to blood, which is God's wrath? Witnesses preach against beast and harlot church and for the coming of Jesus in power and glory. Jesus comes in 1,651 days.

Days of religious, political deception (world peace) will be shortened or elect would be deceived. Days shortened by Russian confederacy invading the Middle East sometime between the 869th and 1,230th day, Ezekiel 38, Daniel 11. World War III erupts, probably nuclear and conventional. Takes peace from earth, Revelation 6:4.

1,230th Day

Russian-Syrian leader takes away sacrifices of Jews, Daniel 8:11, 11:31, 12:11. Within 30 days the first of seven trumpet judgments begin as God destroys Russian-Syrian armies, Ezekiel 38:22, Revelation 8:7. Days of war and sudden destruction shortened or all flesh perish, (nuclear war) Matthew 24:22. Jesus comes in 1,290 days, Daniel 12:11)

1,260th Day

Midweek. Antichrist from America has been resurrected from the dead. Armies of America and Western Europe have invaded and now occupy Israel and the Middle East. Antichrist causes sacrifices to cease. Makes temple desolate by saying he is God, Daniel 9:27, 12:11. Antichrist or beast given power over all nations, and persecutes the saints, Revelation 13:7. Jesus comes in 1,260 days.

Wrath of God meets wrath of Satan for 1,260 days. Days of Great Tribulation and days of Jacob's Trouble. Great days of real revival through two witnesses and 144,000 Jewish evangelists, Revelation 7. Trumpet and then bowl judgments poured out by the angels of God. Harlot church hated by antichrist and burned.

1979th Day

5th trumpet sounds. 5 months (150 days) demon locusts torment unsaved, Revelation 9:5. First 4 trumpet judgments covered approximately 719 days. Jesus comes in 541 days.

2129th Day

6th trumpet sounds for 3 1/2 days. Two witnesses complete 1,260-day ministry. Killed by antichrist from America. Bodies left in streets of Jerusalem for 3 1/2 days, Revelation 11:8, 11. Antichrist will order their bodies to be untouched as a mockery to the prophecy of their resurrection. Their death and display of bodies angers God. Judgments will intensify. Last hour, day, month, year (391 days) of bowl judgments result of God's anger. Fullness of God's wrath, Revelation 9:15, 10:7, 15:7. Jesus comes in 391 days.

2132 1/2 Day

Two witnesses rise from the dead, ascend to Heaven before multitudes, probably watching on satellite television, Revelation 11:11-12, 15. 7th trumpet sounds announcing the beginning of the 7 bowl judgments. Last 387 1/2 days begin.

2,520th Day

Fire from Heaven has destroyed America or Babylon the Great, Revelation 18. Jesus Christ appears in the skies for all eyes to see Him. Antichrist and false prophet are cast in to Lake of Fire, Revelation 19:20. Jesus first destroys all world's armies at Armageddon, who have been gathered by beast and false prophet to fight against Him, thinking He is an alien invading force, Revelation 1:7, 19:11-21. Satan is cast into the bottomless pit for 1,000 years, Revelation 20:1-3. All saints who were in Heaven come with Jesus. Judgment of surviving people of the nations begins. Temple cleansed of antichrist. 2,300 days completed, Daniel 8:13-14. 1,000-year reign of Jesus Christ begins. Praise God!

XHTML | CSS | Mininova toolbar Mininova toolbar | LightTPD logo LightTPD

Copyright 2009 Mininova. All rights reserved.

More info: RSS | Privacy policy | Copyright policy | Contact us

This page was generated in 0.014 seconds by server-12.
