File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles and is the official video.


"Beautiful, Dirty, Rich" is a song performed by American recording artist Lady Gaga from her debut studio album The Fame. It was released as a promotional single from the album on September 16, 2008. It is an uptempo dance-pop song that makes heavy use of synthesizers, and is lyrically about Gaga's experiences as a struggling artist in the Lower East Side. She wrote the song while she was, as she says, "doing a lot of drugs" and "trying to figure things out."

The song was met with critical praise, with reviewers complimenting the lyrics and the fun nature of the song. It also achieved minor commercial success, peaking at number eighty-three on the UK Singles Chart. Two versions were released of the song's accompanying music video - one was intercut with clips of the ABC television series, Dirty Sexy Money serving as a promotion for the show, and the other was the full-length video. Both versions feature Gaga and company dancing around in various locations of a mansion, and burning money.

Gaga has performed the song live several times, including on her first headlining The Fame Ball Tour, where she performed the song while wearing a futuristic bustier with silver triangular panels. The performance was praised by critics for Gaga's "strong" vocals and her energy, and also for giving the show a strong beginning.

A music video was filmed for the song and directed by Melina Matsoukas. There are two versions of the video - one intercut with clips from the ABC series Dirty Sexy Money and created to promote the show, and another which is the official video. The video is set in a mansion, and starts with Gaga making her way down a hallway with several people who are either walking behind her, holding an umbrella over her, dancing in front of her, or tossing dollar bills around her. Gaga and company are then featured in many repeatedly-changing shots at various locations in the mansion. She is seen lying seductively on a table covered with money, crawling along a black grand piano and striking the keys with her leg several times, dancing around and later making out with a statue, and dancing in an elevator solo. There are also several close-up shots of her burning money and later stuffing it into her mouth. Over the course of the video, she undergoes numerous costume changes. Singer-songwriter Space Cowboy is also shown, most notably in scenes where he climbs a wall.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

