 http://www.btarena.org/games/emergency-2012-reloaded



Emergency 2012 (c) Deep Silver
   
       10/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Protect DISC
             1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Rescue Strategy
 


 Emergency is a popular series of rescue strategy games. You are in control
 of firefighters, emergency medical services, police, and technical relief
 units. The Emergency series has been around since 1998.

 Features:

 - 12 missions with thrilling large-scale operations in Berlin, Frankfurt,
   Hamburg, Cologne, Munich, Innsbruck, Zermatt, and other large European
   cities.
 - 3 free play maps: Stay in control of your city in various scenarios such
   as storms or heavy rainfall, and spend your budget wisely so that you can
   purchase the very best emergency vehicles.
 - Online co-op mode for up to 4 players: Play Emergency 2012 together with
   your friends, and earn your place on the highscore lists.
 - All-new controls: Thanks to an interactive tutorial for newcomers and pros
   alike, Emergency 2012 offers a simple and convenient user interface.
 - Top-quality graphics: The Visions engine makes for the best Emergency
   visuals of all times. Special light effects make flames and flashing blue
   lights flicker realistically and illuminate the surroundings.
 - Complex game world: The game world of Emergency 2012 is a complex
   simulation which allows for unforeseen events and various approaches to a
   solution.

 Emergency 2012 includes the following three main modes:

 - Campaign
   Play alone to complete the given mission objectives and take charge of
   your own emergency team!
 - Multiplayer
   Master complicated catastrophes in cooperation with other players, and
   work closely together to minimize the damage!
 - Free play
   Compile your own emergency team with a limited budget and work to uphold
   peace and security in large areas.



 1. Unrar.
 2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the game.
 4. Copy over the cracked content.
 5. Play the game.