Hiya everyone.
Finally i got another scan done, to make Legends of Percevan 2 my #100 scan, so here are a pack of Legends of Percevan 1-2.
The reason i make a pack of both is because i made two minor mistakes in Legends of Percevan 1, so I am deleting that one from Demonoid/TPB, and you can get the fixed version from this pack instead :)


Legends of Percevan 1 - The Stars of Ingaar:
Percevan is a brave and noble knight in the service of the king. In a land full of mystery, magic, and adventure, it is Percevan who, time and again, rises as savior of the people and vanquisher of evil. But now, Percevan's precious heirloom gemstone has been stolen - and it is no simple stone. It is one of the three legendary Stars of Ingaar, and in concert with its brothers, it will make its bearer invincible! Such power cannot be allowed to fall into the hands of evil, but to prevent it Percevan will have to travel to the frozen north - and his homecoming and reunion with longtime friend Ganael will hardly be happier! But such is the legend of Percevan...
The Stars of Ingaar is the first volume of Legends of Percevan. It collects three stories: "The Three Stars of Ingaar," "The Tomb of Ice," and "The Sword of Ganael," as well as a sneak-peak preview of "The Realm of Aslor."

Legends of Percevan 2 - The Realm of Aslor:
Percevan is a brave and noble knight in the service of the king. His adventures have taken him to the frozen north and pitted him against supernatural foes, but have these experiences prepared him for his next trials?
In each of these three stories, Percevan will find himself fighting to save a beautiful woman…but which of these women are damsels in distress, and which are dangerous foes in their own right? Whether traveling to the otherworldly country of Aslor, unraveling the secrets of life and death in the deserts of the south, or delving into the mystery of the Black Arcantane, Percevan will be tested as never before. For such is the legend of Percevan…
This volume of the Legends of Percevan collects three stories: "The Realm of Aslor," "The Hourglass of El-Jerada," and "The Black Arcantane." Legends of Percevan, Volume 2: The Realm of Aslor also features a preview of "The Keys of Fire."


This is one of my favorite childhood books, and they are finally being released in english, so grab it, and enjoy. And remember to buy the book, to ensure the rest of the series will be out, its a VERY reasonably priced 20$ or less for a 160 page hardcover.