Oxygene: New Master Recording, also known as Oxygene New Master Recording 2007 and Oxygene (New Master Recording), is a new recording of an album by Jean Michel Jarre released in 2007 on the 30th anniversary of the worldwide release of his album Oxygène.

The album was released in three different editions: a 5.1 Music Disc edition featuring the new digital master recording of Oxygene, a CD and 2D DVD special edition featuring Oxygene – Live In Your Living Room DVD (an exclusive private live performance of Oxygene, filmed in Lint, Belgium), and a limited edition CD + 3D DVD featuring Oxygene – Live in Your Living Room DVD in stereoscopic 3D High-Definition, which also includes two pairs of 3D glasses.

To promote this major release, Jean Michel Jarre performed a series of 10 Oxygene Live concerts in Paris, inside the Theatre Marigny, from December 12 to December 26, 2007. Jarre performed new 90 minute live performances of Oxygène, complete with new tracks, using only vintage synthesizers and assisted on stage by French musicians Francis Rimbert, Claude Samard and Dominique Perrier.

In 2008, The Mail on Sunday newspaper distributed more than 2 million copies of the Oxygène 30th Anniversary CD to its readers in the United Kingdom. In 2008, Francis Dreyfus Music said it intended to bring legal actions against The Mail on Sunday and EMI, based on the claim that the contents of the CD do not come from a new re-recorded master, but are from the original master to which the French label owns the rights.[1]




Live In Your Living Room Stereoscopic 3D DVD

Limited edition only (plus two pairs of 3D glasses)

   1. "Prelude" (New Track)
   2. "Oxygene Part I"
   3. "Oxygene Part II"
   4. "Oxygene Part III"
   5. "Variation Part I" (New track)
   6. "Oxygene Part IV"
   7. "Variation Part II" (New track)
   8. "Oxygene Part V"
   9. "Variation Part III" (New track)
  10. "Oxygene Part VI"

    * + The Making Of
    * + Instruments Presentation
    * + 3D gallery
