       This Brandable IP Helper software shows you both your            
       internal and external IP addresses, can notify you by email      
       when they change, performs DNS and Whois lookups, and much      
       more!                                                            
                                                                       
       Most ISPs use dynamic IP Addresses and because of this, your    
       IP Address can change quite often.                              
                                                                       
       Some ISPs change your IP Address every time you connect to      
       the internet, others provide you with the same IP Address for    
       a few days before changing it. Because of this, it can be        
       very difficult to keep track of your current IP address.        
                                                                       
       This becomes even more of a problem if you are running web      
       services from your computer, or are attempting to connect to    
       your computer remotely.                                          
                                                                       
       Our IP Helper software is the solution! Displays your            
       Internal Network IP Address for users that are part of a        
       network, or behind a router Displays your External IP            
       Address, which is the IP Address that the "outside world"        
       sees IP Address Overlay displays your IP Addresses in the top    
       left corner of the screen, on top of all other windows!          
                                                                       
       Copy your Internal or External IP Address with one button        
       click! Convert an IP address to a Domain Name, and vice          
       versa, with one click! Perform a Whois lookup instantly! Can    
       be set to run automatically at startup!                          
                                                                       
       Can notify you by email whenever your IP Address changes!        
       Great for Remote Desktop, FTP, Webservers, PC Anywhere, etc!    
       Automatically refreshes your IP Address at an interval you      
       specify! Minimizes to the taskbar and runs silently until you    
       need it!                                                        



       1. Install the application.                                    
       2. Copy the crack from ypogeios dir to install dir.            
       3. Register the application with any username and serial.      
       4. Enjoy this YPOGEiOS release!    