Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Chain" is a song from Fleetwood Mac's best-selling album Rumours. "The Chain" is unique in being the only song credited to all five members of the Rumours-era Fleetwood Mac lineup: Lindsey Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, Christine McVie, John McVie, Stevie Nicks; this is partly due to the fact that John McVie and Mick Fleetwood are generally not songwriters. The band has used the song as a signature, citing the lyric, "Never break the chain."

According to interviews on the writing of Rumours, the final section of "The Chain"—beginning with a bass progression—was created by John McVie and Mick Fleetwood. It seemed like an ending, not a beginning. Stevie Nicks had written the lyrics separately and thought they would be a good match; she and Christine McVie did some reworking to create the first section of the tune. To complete the song, Lindsey Buckingham recycled the intro from an earlier song from his duo with Nicks, "Lola (My Love)", originally released on their self-titled 1973 album. Thanks to its use as an incredibly popular TV theme tune (for the BBC's Formula One coverage), the ending bass line is one of the most recognizable in the world, and although not released as a single, it does get air play.

The song itself has a basic rock structure, although it has two distinct portions: the main verse and chorus, and the outro. The song would be classified as rock, but shows the influence of hard rock, folk, and country.

Rumours is the eleventh studio album by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac. Recorded at US locations during 1976, it was produced by the band with Ken Caillat and Richard Dashut, and was released on 4 February 1977 by Warner Bros. Records. The record peaked at the top of both the US Billboard 200 and the UK Albums Chart. "Go Your Own Way", "Don't Stop", "Dreams", and "You Make Loving Fun" were released as singles. Rumours is Fleetwood Mac's most successful release after a Grammy Award win and sales of over 40 million copies.

For the album, the band wanted to expand on the success of the 1975 record Fleetwood Mac, but struggled with emotional upheaval before and during the recording sessions. The studio time for Rumours was marked by interpersonal strife and hedonistic behaviour as all Fleetwood Mac members went through breakups; the lyrics were informed by these personal relationship failures. Influenced by pop music, the compositions were moulded through a combination of acoustic and electric instruments. The mixing process slowed the creation of Rumours, but was finished by the end of 1976. Following the album's release, Fleetwood Mac undertook extensive promotional tours during 1977.

Rumours garnered critical acclaim and commercial attention. Praise centred on its production values and melodies, which frequently relied on the interplay between three vocalists. The record has aided the development of musical acts in different genres. Often considered Fleetwood Mac's best work, it has also featured in several publications' lists of the best albums of the 1970s and the best albums of all time. In 2004, Rumours was remastered and reissued with the addition of an extra track and a bonus CD of outtakes from the recording sessions.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

