CLOUDY WITH THE CHANCE OF MEATBALLS DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 01:26:09
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Bill Hader
Anna Faris
Neil Patrick Harris
James Caan
Bruce Campbell
Andy Samberg
Mr. T
Bobb'e J. Thompson
Benjamin Bratt
Al Roker
Lauren Graham
Will Forte

Plot

Flint Lockwood (Bill Hader) always wanted to invent something awesome. He grew up with his first invention being "Spray-on Shoes", which unfortunately imprisoned his feet for life, and led to people already making fun of him at a young age. As he grows the rest of his experiments seem to have a downside to them as well, such as "The Flying Car", "Hair-On-Bald-er", a television with legs, and "ratbirds." Flint believes he is a failure, but his mother Fran Lockwood (Lauren Graham) always believed he can succeed. However, she passed away later, leaving him with his father, Tim Lockwood (James Caan). Flint lives in a small island town called Swallow Falls, hidden under the "A" in "Atlantic", which is famous for sardines. However, when the town’s economy fell, it left the town in hard times, leaving sardines as the only food in Swallow Falls. Flint finally comes up with an invention that converts water into food called the Flint Lockwood Diatonic Super Mutating Dynamic Food Replicator (FLDSMDFR for short), but he doesn’t have enough electricity to get it working. Tim discovers Flint's new failure and suggests he should quit working on experiments to work with him in his fishing shop. However, the next day, after Flint finishes his unpleasant shift, he and his pet monkey, Steve (Neil Patrick Harris), who communicates with a thought translator, try to charge up the machine using the power station. Meanwhile, Mayor Shelbourne (Bruce Campbell) along with ‘Baby’ Brent (Andy Samberg), the towns' sardine celebrity mascot and Flint’s school bully, opens a new theme park called Sardine Land, in hopes it will make him widely recognized. Sam Sparks (Anna Faris), a weather intern from New York City has her big break reporting these events with her cameraman Manny (Benjamin Bratt). When Flint powers up the machine, the machine goes haywire and zooms through the theme park and up into the air, causing maximum damage to Sardine Land right as it opens.

Humiliated, Flint flees to the docks where he meets Sam, while the sky starts to rain cheeseburgers from giant purple clouds all over the island. Flint finds it is the FLDSMDFR, which is still in the sky and takes Sam to his lab. He keeps her occupied by having her watch a video of a kitten and ducklings singing “Fight the Power” as he builds a communication device that allows him to send orders of food to the FLDSMDFR. People begin to praise Flint's invention and ask him for requests of food to rain down, like ice cream for the town’s nearly superhuman cop, Earl’s (Mr. T) son, Cal’s (Bobb'e J. Thompson) birthday, and a giant Jell-O mold for Sam while on a date with her (of which Flint has a horrible time trying to ask her out on). He also builds the Out-Of-Sighter, a device that launches the leftovers on the ground behind a "nearly indestructible" dam, Mount Leftovers. The town is then renamed Chewandswallow and the mayor plans a grand re-opening of the town hoping the food weather will attract plenty of tourists, which will make him more recognizable than ever before.

While on a date with Sam, Flint discovers a lot about her, like her allergic reaction to peanuts, but more importantly that she was once a “nerd”. She was a “nerd” for the weather, and she wore her hair back and large glasses. She changed her look later in life to get away from criticism, but Flint likes her the way she was, and Sam agrees to go out in public with the look after he gets her to put her glasses on and tie her hair back. Right before leaving, Flint nervously (and awkwardly) tries to kiss Sam but gets interrupted by a phone call. The call is from Mayor Shelbourne, asking Flint to cut the ribbon at the town's grand re-opening. Afterwards, Flint runs into problems with his father, who can’t admit that he is proud of his son, and Flint storms off angry and disappointed. He then comes across giant hot dogs, realizing that the food is starting to rain in large quantities. Noting that the food molecules are mutating, Flint goes to turn off the FLDSMDFR, but the Mayor (who is now morbidly obese from all the food he ate) deceives him and says he shouldn’t and no one would like him anymore if he did. Flint, realizing this is the only time people weren't scolding him for a mishap, orders spaghetti for the next day’s menu for the tourist’s arrival to town at the grand re-opening. But meanwhile in the sky, the FLDSMDFR grows mold on itself, and an eye appears on its screen.
  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844471/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS
