Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This Woman is a 2005 album by LeAnn Rimes. While promoting This Woman, she stated that it was her return to her "roots", country music. In essence, the album has a strong theme of love, falling in love and marriage. This could be due to LeAnn's own marriage to her back up dancer Dean Sheremet. The album was a success on the country charts. The album peaked at number three on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album chart and has received gold status. Like Twisted Angel, Rimes helped pen tracks on the album ("You Take Me Home", "I Got It Bad" and "When This Woman Loves a Man").

Singles from the album include, in order of release, "Nothin' 'bout Love Makes Sense", "Probably Wouldn't Be This Way", "Something's Gotta Give" and "Some People". Respectively, these reached #5, #3, #2, and #36 on the country singles charts.

The album also features the track "I Dare You" which was also recorded by SHeDAISY on their 2003 album Sweet Right Here.

Margaret LeAnn Rimes, known simply as LeAnn Rimes, (born August 28, 1982) is an American singer-songwriter and actress, best known for her work in country music. She is best known for her rich vocals similar to legendary country music singer Patsy Cline, and her rise to fame at the age of 13, becoming the youngest country music star since Tanya Tucker in 1972.

Rimes made her breakthrough into country music in 1996. Her debut album, Blue, reached Number 1 on the Top Country Albums chart and was certified "multi-platinum" in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album's lead single of the same name (originally intended to be recorded by Patsy Cline in the early 1960s) became a Top 10 hit. With immediate success, Rimes attained widespread national acclaim for her similarities to Cline's vocal style. When Rimes released her sophomore studio effort in 1997, You Light up My Life: Inspirational Songs, Rimes went more towards country pop material, which would set the trend for a string of albums that would be released into the next decade. LeAnn Rimes is the youngest person to win a Grammy, and the first country singer to win the Grammy Award for Best New Artist.

Since her debut, Rimes has won many major industry awards, which include two Grammys, three ACMs, one CMA, twelve Billboard Music Awards, and one American Music award. In addition, Rimes has also released ten studio albums and four compilation albums through her record label of 13 years, Asylum-Curb, and placed over 40 singles on American and international charts since 1996. She has sold over 50 million albums worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

