Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Out of Order is the 15th album by Rod Stewart, released in 1988. It features the hit singles "Lost In You", "Forever Young", "My Heart Can't Tell You No" and "Crazy About Her". The album was produced by guitarist Andy Taylor, bassist Bernard Edwards, and drummer Tony Thompson (though only Taylor was credited as a producer besides Rod).

The album was considered by many critics a return to form after a series of less successful albums. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic called it "well-constructed" and, Rolling Stone magazine called it a "confident, well-written, high-voltage work".

The album reached #20 on the Billboard 200, eventually going 2× Platinum, which made it Stewart's best-selling album of the 1980s.

Each single released from the album went to the Top 20 of either the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart, or the Billboard Hot 100. The most successful single was "My Heart Can't Tell You No", which reached the Top 5 of both the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks and Billboard Hot 100. The album had four charting hits in the U.S., and the two biggest were "My Heart Can't Tell You No" at #4 and "Crazy About Her" at #11.

In January 1989, NBC Sports used "Forever Young" for its closing montage (covering the past six months of sports highlights on NBC like the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1988 World Series, 1989 Fiesta Bowl, and Super Bowl XXIII) following their Super Bowl XXIII coverage.

"Forever Young" is basically a re-write of a Bob Dylan song of the same title. Not only do the two songs share a similar melody, but they contain many of the same lyrics. After acknowledging that he had unconsciously plagiarized the older song, Stewart agreed to share his royalties with Dylan.

In Brazil, the album was certified Gold in 1994.

Roderick David "Rod" Stewart, CBE (born 10 January 1945) is a British singer-songwriter born and raised in London, England and currently residing in Epping. He is of Scottish and English lineage.

With his distinctive raspy singing voice, Stewart came to prominence in the late 1960s and early 1970s with The Jeff Beck Group and then Faces. He launched his solo career in 1969 with his debut album An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down (US: The Rod Stewart Album). His work with The Jeff Beck Group and Faces proved to be influential on the formation of the heavy metal and punk rock genres, respectively. Both bands were also pioneers of blues-rock.

With his career in its fifth decade, Stewart has achieved numerous solo hit singles worldwide, most notably in the UK, where he has garnered six consecutive number one albums and his tally of 62 hit singles include 31 that reached the top 10, six of which gained the number one position. He has had 16 top ten singles in the USA, with four of these reaching number one. He has sold over 250 million records worldwide[citation needed], and is one of the best selling British singers of all time. He was voted at #33 in Q Magazine's list of the top 100 Greatest Singers of all time.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/