Chulip for the Ps2                                                Rel. 02/14/2007


Format:        CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        Action
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.
(Burn tested on a Chipped ModBo 4.0 PS2)


Important - This is a CD Type or Compact Disc Ps2 game. So you'll have to use CD-R
            Media only to burn with.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


Release Notes - This game couldn't be rebuilt to DVD so it was left in its 
                original CD format. 


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

You and your father are the newest residents of Long Life Town, a strange little town with even stranger characters. It is here that you meet the girl of your dreams - Literally. But she wants nothing to do with you.

Your mission is to improve your reputation amongst the many inhabitants of the town by kissing them, so the girl of your dreams will fall in love with you. Kissing people requires you to complete certain tasks, ranging from something as simple as waiting until they feel happy, to more difficult and branching puzzles like helping someone find a job.

Primarily, this game is a puzzle-solving adventure, where you explore the town, trying to figure out what to do next and how to do it. The more people you end up kissing, the higher your Heart Meter goes, which allows you to progress through the story, and attempt more challenging tasks. Approaching angry townspeople or doing something they don't like will take away Hearts, as well as injuring yourself through various means. When all your hearts are gone, you must restart at your last save. Hearts can also be regained by sleeping, eating, and certain other tasks.

You earn money by kissing Underground residents (who only show up at certain times of the day), or by selling items found in the garbage. You can then use this money to buy various items that may help you get further into the game, or train tickets to travel to new areas.

Features:

* Your ultimate goal is to kiss the girl under the ancient tree.

* Chulip is a wacky adventure that mixes in a quirky Japanese backdrop with a 
  wealth of pure hilarious humor. 

* The odd and lovable characters in this game are unforgettable.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with Alcohol 120%, (Included in download).  

Set Datatype to Playstation 2 (Write Method Raw/Dao) and Burn at 8x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.

(No CD-RW will not work).

Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		