It includes keys for ALL KASPERKY VERSIONS, antivirus and internet security




Instructions:


Activate your kaspersky with key file-

1. Disable/Unplug your internet connection.

2  OPen KAV main window

3  Click on licence

4  Activate new licence

5. Click for trial version 

6. Kaspersky will show you an error.

7. A new window will appear with key file browsing option.

8. Select your key from browsing window.

All done.



Features

Kaspersky Anti-Virus features include real-time protection, detection and removal of viruses, trojans, worms, spyware, adware, keyloggers malicious tools and Auto-Dialers, as well as detection and removal of rootkits. It also includes instantaneous automatic updates via the "Kaspersky Security Network" service.

According to Kaspersky, "Kaspersky Security Network service allows users of Kaspersky Lab security products from around the world to help facilitate malware identification and reduce the time it takes to provide protection against new (“in the wild”) security risks targeting your computer." Kaspersky Lab maintains a strict privacy policy for use of this service and asserts that volunteering to use this service by sending certain information "contains no personally identifiable information about the user and is utilized by Kaspersky Lab for no other purposes but to enhance its security products and to further advance solutions against malicious threats and viruses."

Windows users may download an Anti-Virus Rescue Disk that scans the host computer during booting inside an isolated Linux environment. In addition, Kaspersky Anti-Virus prevents itself from being disabled by malware without user permission via password access prompts upon disabling protection elements and changing internal settings. It also scans incoming instant messenger traffic, automatically disables links to known malware hosting sites while using Internet Explorer or Firefox and includes free Technical Support and free product upgrades within paid-subcription periods.


Awards

According to AV-Comparatives, Kaspersky Anti-Virus rates highly amongst virus scanners in terms of detection rates, even despite the fact that the program has failed two Virus Bulletin tests in 2007 and another two in 2008. In addition, PC World awarded Kaspersky Anti-Virus 6 the Editor's Choice in its 2007 anti-virus comparative. The well-known and highly regarded Ars Technica lists Kaspersky as one of the best choices for Anti-Virus on the Windows platform.

Kaspersky Anti-Virus was "A-listed" by the UK PC journal PC Pro in late 2007, where it scored very highly for detection and removal of malware. PC Pro attributes this to “a combination of the software’s heuristic scanning and uncompromising approach to database updates. While many packages check for new virus signatures on a daily basis, Kaspersky runs to an hourly schedule, improving your chances of being immunized before an infection reaches it.” 

Kaspersky Anti-Virus was tested by PassMark in June 2008 and was accoladed as having the "the industry's fastest scan times" on Windows Vista.



Enjoy!