Quality as it should be!

Video 1200kbps 720x436 @25fps Anamorphic PAL
Audio1 448Kbps 5.1 AC3
Audio2 128Kbps 2.0 MP3 (Commentary track)
Sub1   Nederlands (CC)
Sub2   Engels (CC)

Stijn and Carmen have everything: They are young, successful and wealthy. They live a perfect live in Amsterdam and move to Amstelveen when they have a child, Luna. Then the world collapses as Carmen is diagnosed with breast cancer. Going in and out of the hospital, first chemotherapy and later radiation therapy, throw up, the whole cancer package is there. Stijn has trouble dealing with it and starts living a second life. By day he's all but support to Carmen, by night he goes out, drinks and has lots of sex with lots of woman. Carmen has always known that Stijn is not the faithful type, but after her breast is amputated she gets less confident and finds herself troubling over his unfaithfulness. For Stijn it has always been just sex, until he meets Roos. During the cancer period he sees her more and more. Then a miracle, Carmen is better. She asks of Stijn to quit cheating and to work things out between them. He promises her that. They go on a holiday together where Carmen finds out that Roos is still trying to contact Stijn, and she breaks down. She wants a divorce. But stuck on the other side of the world on paradise with each other brings them closer than the have been in a long time, and the are heading to a happily ever after. But faith strikes again and a week after that Carmen gets sick again. The cancer has spread and she has only several months left. With chemo they can prolong that any but not much, she will not be getting better from this. Stijn can't handle this and escapes into the arms of Roos again. He keeps supporting Carmen to the hospital and through everything, but his double life gets busier until he breaks. After getting in a terrible fight with Carmen and disappointing her and their daughter, in a discotheque he can't think about anything else. He gets in his car, under influence and causes several accidents. Nobody gets hurt except him having some cuts and bruises and he had to spend the night in jail. That is the moment he sees what he is doing. He goes home and decides to take care of Carmen and Luna for as long as it takes. His second life is over. Carmen is very sick and they move to Amsterdam again. Surrounded by family and friends she gets through her last weeks. When she wets herself in bed, she decides is enough. She only will get worse, and she is sick of it. She says goodbye to all her loved ones, including Luna, which is very emotional. The day after her doctor commits euthanasia. Stijn is with her in these last minutes and the love is evident. When Carmen is passed away, it takes some time, she stronger than they thought, he calls Roos and asks her to be at the funeral. In the end Stijn and Luna are in Australia, opening the box Carmen has made for Luna. Written by Silvie
