Birth Control - Live [German LP (1st pressing)] 24-bit/96kHz 
Posted By : aksman | Date : 15 Nov 2010 23:31:52 |


Birth Control - Live
German LP (1st pressing) / CBS 88088
Vinyl rip in 24-bit/192 kHz (converted to 24/96) | FLAC | m3u, cue & Tech Log
DR Analysis | Artwork | 1.5 gb |& Filefactory | Krautrock | 1974

Allmusic.com rating: 3 / 5

Birth Control Live wraps up as a pleasurable excerpt of the band in a live atmosphere, and a tad stronger than Live '79 since it was recorded during Birth Controls heyday.
- Mike DeGagne/AMG
	

My personal favorite from Birth Control. Great version of Gamma Ray...




Birth Controls straightforward progressive rock sound is perfectly demonstrated on Birth Control Live, recorded in June 1974. With Zeuss B. Helds organ and Wurlitzer contributing to their simplistic keyboard and vocal arrangements, the album takes favorites like The Work Is Done and Shes Got Nothing on You and dresses them up a bit, proving that the band can be just as exciting in concert as on their studio albums. Much like Amon Duul II or even Atomic Rooster to a certain extent, Birth Control puts great emphasis on their keyboards, with lead vocalist Peter Foller adding some humorous support from time to time. The best example of their early-70s sound can be found on the 15 minutes of Back from Hell and on the even longer Gamma Ray, combining an entertaining mix of improvised guitar and keyboard interplay that wonderfully stretches itself out. Ending with the frolicsome Long Tall Sally with Zeuss playing some rather spirited harmonica segments, Birth Control Live wraps up as a pleasurable excerpt of the band in a live atmosphere, and a tad stronger than Live 79 since it was recorded during Birth Controls heyday.
- Mike DeGagne/AMG


Track listing

      1. The Work Is Done (Frenzel) 17:01
      2. Back from Hell (Frenzel, Steffens) 15:43
      3. Gamma Ray (Frenze)l 20:54
      4. Shes Got Nothing on You (Frenzel) 5:41
      5. Long Tall Sally (Johnson) 11:07



Personnel

      Bruno Frenzel - Guitar; Vocals
      Bernd "Nossi" Nosske - Drums; Vocals
      Zeus B. Held - keyboards, reed
      Peter Fuller - Bass, Vocals


Technical Log

RCM Hannl limited with Circulating Brush
Music Hall MMF 9.1 Turntable
Tonearm: Pro-Ject 9cc evo with Pure Silver Wires
Cartridge: Nagaoka MP-500
Brocksieper Phonomax (Tube Phono PreAmp) (temporarily replaced by "ProJect Tube-Box 2 SE)
E-MU 0404 external USB 2.0 Audiointerface
Interconnections : Silent Wire NF5
WaveLab 6 recording software
iZotope RX Advanced 1.21 for resampling and dithering

Vacuum cleaning - TT - Brocksieper Phonomax - E-MU 0404 - WaveLab 6 (24/192) - manual click removal - analyze (no clipping, no DC Bias offset) - converted to 24/96 with iZotope RX Advanced 1.21 - split into individual Tracks - FLAC encoded (Vers. 1.21)

No silence been removed, please burn gapless to match original tracklayout.


Personal Note

With my vinyl transfers, I try to catch the whole beauty of vinyl records; therefore I don't use any post-processing or any sound improvement. What you get is a clear and flat transfer. For getting a clear sound, I'll do an extended washing of each record with my RCM, which can take up to 30 minutes brushing on each side. Resistant ticks and clicks I try to remove as good as possible, but the priority is not to lose any musical information in the process. Surface noises, as long they are not too high, are left in place. Only on bad pressings or on records recorded at extremely low levels do I use a fade in-/-out. As John Peel said, "Life is full of surface noises." In some cases this means that I have to make a compromise.... The result has to pass my personal quality criteria, which is IMO quite high.