Al Jarreau - Heart's Horizon


Audio CD (October 25, 1990)
Original Release Date: November 15, 1988
Number of Discs: 1
Label: Warner Bros / Wea
Genre: Jazz Vocals
Style: smooth jazz

Extractor: EAC 0.99 prebeta 3 
Read mode               : Secure
Utilize accurate stream : Yes
Defeat audio cache      : Yes
Make use of C2 pointers : No
Codec: Flac 1.2.1;  Level 8  
Single File.flac, Eac.log, File.cue
Accuraterip: Confidence yes
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 300 Mb
Cover Incluse




Tracks:
   1. All or nothing at all
   2. So good
   3. All of my love
   4. Pleasure over pain
   5. Yo' jeans
   6. Way to your heart
   7. One way
   8. 10K HI
   9. I must have been a fool
  10. More love
  11. Killer love
  12. Heart's horizon 





Personnel:

Al Jarreau ynthesizer, Percussion, Vocals, Vocals (Background), Main Performer 

Abraham Laboriel Bass

Michael Landau Guitar

Kirk Whalum Saxophone, Sax (Tenor)

Brandon Fields Saxophone

Bobby Caldwell Synthesizer

George Duke Synthesizer, Piano, Synclavier, Synthesizer Overdubs, Synclavier Drums, Synclavier Overdubs

Earl Klugh Guitar (Acoustic)

Bobby McFerrin Vocals

David Sanborn Sax (Alto)

Marc Russo Saxophone

Dan Higgins Sax (Tenor)

Jerry Hey Trumpet, Horn

Kevin Chokan Guitar

Paul Jackson, Jr. Guitar

Russell Ferrante Keyboards

Dennis Matkosky Organ, Synthesizer, Moog Bass, Drum Programming, Producer, Organ (Hammond)

Jay Graydon Synthesizer, Arranger, Producer, Engineer, Songwriter

Philippe Saisse Keyboards, Producer

John Van Tongeren Synthesizer

Gardner Cole Synthesizer

Randy Goodrum Synthesizer

Stanley Clarke Bass, Bass (Acoustic)

Freddie "Ready Freddie" Washington Bass, Bass Programming

John "J.R." Robinson Drums

Carlos Vega Drums

Ricky Lawson Drums

Paulinho Da Costa Percussion

Lew McCreary Horn

Lew McGreery Horn

Bill Riechenbach Horn

Gary Grant Horn

Fred White Vocals (Background)

Howard Smith Vocals (Background)

Phil Perry Vocals (Background)

Vonda Shepard Vocals (Background)

Bill Champlin Synthesizer, Vocal Arrangement, Vocals (Background)

Marcy Levy Vocals (Background)

Alex Brown Vocals (Background)

Carl Carwell Vocals (Background)

Tamara Champlin Vocals (Background)

Lynn Davis Vocals (Background)

Tommy Funderburk Vocals (Background)

Roy Galloway Vocals (Background)

Phillip Ingram Vocals (Background)

Josie James Vocals (Background)

Bobby Kimball Vocals (Background)


Listen to samples
 
http://www.amazon.com/gp/recsradio/radio/B000002LFD/ref=pd_krex_listen_dp_img?ie=UTF8&refTagSuffix=dp_img


review

Moving over to Warner's sister label Reprise...Jarreau splits the production reins between the resurrected Jay Graydon, George Duke and Philippe Saisse, and enlists occasional guests like Earl Klugh, David Sanborn, Stanley Clarke, Kirk Whalum and Bobby McFerrin to help out. "Yo' Jeans," a brief, humorous, a cappella vocalese duet with McFerrin, was a long-overdue idea -- one rubbery-voiced nonclassifiable vocalist communing with another -- and in its goofy way, it temporarily re-energizes the record after a succession of...frontloaded dance numbers and ballads. Jarreau also tries an interesting experiment with Saisse, running his voice and percussion through Akai and Emulator samplers on his own "10K Hi..."

This is my favorite Al Jarreau cd of all time. Even though it's over ten years old, his music is priceless, and will be good forever. I've owned this cd since 1994, and still listen to it today! If you don't own this yet, you should get this now. This is why.

1. All or Nothing - 10/10 This sound has a great beat, and is just fun to listen to. A great song to start the cd. This has to be one of my favorite songs on this cd. 3:58

2. So Good - 9/10 A beautiful ballad from the great Al Jarreau! Not my favortie piece on this collection, but it's still good enough for me to give it a 9/10. It repeats a lot at the end. And doesn't show off this vocals as much as other tracks do. 4:39

3. All of My Love - 10/10 All of My Love is another personal favorite. Probably my third favorite track on the album. Although, this song is jazz, this ones beat is a little different. I never grow tired of this track. His voice also sounds really good on this one! 4:43

4. Pleasure Over Pain - 9/10 The first really soft and slower ballad on the track. This is a beautiful song about how love is the most important thing in the world. The great thing about this track, is that it doesn't repeat a lot, even though it's over 5 minutes long. Although this is not written by Jarreau it has some very good lryic's that fit him well. 5:20

5. Yo Jeans - 8/10 This song is very short, and doesn't show off this vocal range. This is the only song on the album that I don't really care for. The lryics (written by Jarreau) are good though. 1:46

6. Way to Your Heart - 10/10 Probably my favorite song on the album, it's got an amazing beat. A great song to follow "Yo Jeans". The lryics wirtten partly by Jarreau are perfect, and the melody shows his voice of perfectly. The chorus is also very catchy and fun. 4:35

7. One Way - 10/10 Another softer track, however this fit's Jarreau's vocals better. And allows him to have fun with it. Beautiful back up vocals, too. 4:41

8. 10K Hi - 10/10 My second faovrite song on the album. You can tell he had fun singing this. It includes, some interesting sounds done by Jarreau, that have become part of what makes him so great. This is without a doubt, the most fun song on the cd. Written by Jarreau.3:45

9. I Must Have Been A Fool - 10/10 Another favorite! A great follow up to "10K Hi". This song also has another fun beat. And once again his vocal talent really shines in this one. 4:10

10. More Love - 9/10 This song may not be my favorite but it is a classic. Jarreau, manages to make each song beautiful, even this one. It is another love ballad.3:36

11. Killer Love - 9.5/10 This is a good track, I wasn't sure if I was gonna give it a 9 or a perfect 10, but I decided to go with a 9.5, cause it will have you singing along. The song really picks up as the Chorus starts. 4:12

12. Heart's Horizon - 9/10 This is the song the album is named after, and is partly written by Jarreau. It isn't as good as some of the other tracks, but it's the perfect track to end the cd with. It sounds very beautiful.4:37

This is a great cd, by a great artist. He is a classic, and this is some of his best work. I suggest you all get this. It's a great cd to play while driving in your car. Trust me, you'll love it! 