 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41IjvVnjzbL._SS500_.jpg


Title: Diamonds & Rust
Artist: Joan Baez
Audio CD (October 25, 1990) 
Original Release Date: 1975 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: A&M
Genre: Fo;k
Format: flac


Track Listing:

01. Diamonds And Rust
02. Fountain Of Sorrow
03. Never Dreamed You'd Leave In Summer
04. Children And All That Jazz
05. Simple Twist Of Fate
06. Blue Sky
07. Hello In There
08. Jesse
09. Winds Of The Old Days
10. Dida
11. Medley: I Dream Of Jeannie/Danny Boy 



Amazon Review:
Perhaps the most outstanding folk album of the 1970s, this collection represents Baez's blossoming from a girlish folk icon into a mature interpreter of folk music. The title track (and, to a much lesser degree, "Dida" and "Children and All That Jazz") showcases her songwriting, but the intimate spin she puts on the music of others is what makes this the remarkable work it is. On Jackson Browne's "Fountain of Sorrow," Dylan's "Simple Twist of Fate" and John Prine's "Hello in There," the purity of Baez's clear soprano (deeper and mellower than on her early albums) expresses the gentle pains of nostalgia and what-might-have-been. The medley of "Jeannie with the Light Brown Hair/Danny Boy" reminds us that no matter what other directions she moves in, Baez will always be a masterful singer of traditional folk music.


Amazon Description:
Ms. Baez's most successful album, artistically and commercially...and she recorded it on her own terms and direction. The material she chose to cover includes songs originally by Jackson Browne, Stevie Wonder, her forever love Bob Dylan and The Allman Brothers. But it was the title track that must have brought her the most satisfaction, as it was self-penned. An ode to her fabled affair with Dylan, it speaks from the heart frankly, affectionately and unapologetically. She was rewarded with it becoming a Top 40 hit (something that had eluded her since the 1960's), one of the biggest in her career. Musicians include Crusaders Wilton Felder and Joe Sample along with Larry Carlton, as well as Joni Mitchell (with Tom Scott & The L.A. Express) who duets on "Di Da". Produced by David Kershenbaum and Baez, it's simply one of her best albums ever. 
