Ravens Creed was formed in late 2006 by Steve Watson (ex IRON MONKEY/CEREBRAL FIX/CONSUMED/HELVIS/DESECRATOR) and Jay Graham (ex-UNDERGROOVE/SKYCLAD/RETURN TO THE SABBAT and former session drummer for TONY IOMMI). The pair locked themselves away in their own TENKO studios and wrote and recorded over 20 songs, dismayed at the local scene and lack of like-minded individuals to take the task to the live arena, Steve contacted long-time friends -ORANGE GOBLINS' Ben Ward and Martyn Millard- and asked them if they fancied climbing aboard the sturdy bullet-ridden tank and melting brains with riffs, the pair agreed and RAVENS CREED was born/hatched, the foursome recorded the Militia of blood sacrifice 7" and it was released worldwide by Land O' smiles records (ltd to 500 80mg copies). 

The band rehearsed whenever possible (due to ORANGE GOBLINS' commitments) and it sounded like a lead fire door being attacked by crazed escapees from a lunatic asylum. Now with the nest working at full capacity it is time for all and sundry to take cover from the carpet bombing assault that is to follow! Martyn Millard left in January 2008 due to lack of time to rehearse and he was replaced by Frazer Craske (ex-Sabbat) The band are currently ready to record 3rd release on Land O' Smiles records and have just completed their first ever full UK tour.

Shortly after the Albion Thunder tour was completed the band decided to revert back to a four-piece (thus parting company with lead guitarist James Kiely). Ravens Creed performed at the UK's premier extreme metal festival, Bloodstock, in August 2008 and the band were then hand picked to support Turisas at the Barfly in London on 20th August as part of the Kerrang! Awards special week of shows, before finishing the year with a an appearance at the Hard Rock Hell Festival and supporting Municipal Waste.

Ravens Creed release the debut album 'Albion Thunder' through Doomentia Records in the Spring of 2009.


Current line-up 
Ben Ward - Vocals (Orange Goblin)
Steve Watson - Guitar (Iron Monkey, Taken by Wolves, Desecrator (UK), Death Force (UK), Cerebral Fix, Colostomy, The John Merrick Experience, Drown (UK), Consumed (UK), Helvis, Goat Throne, Voss, The Cland Destined, Belial (UK))
Fraser Craske - Bass (Sabbat (UK))
Jason Graham - Drums 

Review:
Listening to Ravens Creed's Albion Thunder, I can't help but wonder what the hell happened to mainstream metal. The triggered drums, the glossy production, the forced posturing, the overall lack of bite – you're not listening to music, you're listening to a product.

Not so here. This is home-grown, old school thrash, raised in the gutters, weaned on cheap beer and rot gut whiskey, and clad in the filthiest denim and leather. Sure, there are other groups out there who are doing the same sort of thing, but what Ravens Creed has on its side is age and experience. Fronted by Orange Goblin's Big Ben Ward, with Iron Monkey's Steve Watson on guitar, Skyclad's Jay Graham on drums, and Sabbat's Frazer Craske on bass, this is the sort of band that has the chops to rise above “side project” status and be taken as its own mean machine.

Albion Thunder starts with “Peace Through Superior Firepower” and pretty much lays into you for 11 more tracks, relentlessly laying down thrash riff and thrash riff. Sure, they slow it down a notch on “The Power of Spite,” but consider that the band's “Dead Skin Mask,” a grim reprieve in an otherwise relentless 39 minute assault. Sure, they could've gone full-on traditional and threw a mess of solos on the album, but that's sort of like wishing for a different type of rock to fall on your head during an avalanche. It's a vicious album, delivered with Ward's distinct - and distinctly English - bellow.

Hey kids, if you want to know what metal is supposed to sound like, start with Albion Thunder and keep listening until the blood starts to pour out your uneducated ears.

Review by John Pegoraro

Genre = Thrash / Death Metal
Format = Mp3 
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
1. Peace Through Superior Firepower 
2. Hail The Warbeast 
3. Bloodbath 
4. The Power Of Spite 
5. Pox Mortis 
6. Stand Up And Be Cunted 
7. Insignia 
8. Butcher Of The Whore 
9. Storm The Gates
10. Unholy Force... 
11. The Pear Of Anguish 
12. Spy On Your Swine