Heaven was a heavy metal band from Sydney, Australia that formed in 1980. The band recorded three albums and toured throughout the United States during the 1980s. Since then, Heaven has maintained something of a fragmentary existence, with singer Alan Fryer reviving the name from time to time although no new material has been recorded since 1985. The group's original style was similar to that of AC/DC but in later years went in a more commercial heavy metal direction along the lines of Judas Priest.


The band was originally formed in Adelaide under the name Fat Lip, which featured Fryer, bassist Laurie Marlow, formerly of Almost Human, and drummer Joe Turtur. Soon after the band moved to Sydney, AC/DC singer Bon Scott died in London and some unsubstantiated reports suggested that band was considering Fryer as a replacement. Fryer left Fat Lip and returned to Adelaide but he was never called upon to audition. Once back in Sydney, Fat Lip now consisted of Fryer and Marlow, Theo Kats on drums and guitarist Bradford Kelly, formerly of John Swan's band Swanee. Kats soon left to join a band called Europe and Turtur returned to the group. John Haese was also added as rhythm guitarist. Shortly afterward, Fat Lip came to the attention of Michael Browning, a Sydney music industry figure who had managed AC/DC in the 1970s and had just started a new record label called DeLuxe, to which he had signed INXS. Fat Lip began recording an album for DeLuxe, but changed its name to Heaven during the sessions. The album, Twilight of Mischief, was preceded in late 1981 by a single, "Fantasy". A second single, "In the Beginning" became the album's title track when it was released by RCA in the US under that name.

John Haese left Heaven after the album was released and was replaced by Mick Cocks, formerly of Rose Tattoo. The band then went to the United States and found some success there, particularly on the West Coast and toured with Mötley Crüe and 
Dio. They recorded a second album for RCA during 1983 called Where Angels Fear to Tread. The album was supported by a single, "Rock School" and featured guest contributions from Ronnie James Dio, Lita Ford and Glenn Hughes. After this, Cocks and Turtur left Heaven.

Former AC/DC bass player Mark Evans and John Lalor were brought in as replacements (possibly the only time Evans would feature as a guitarist) but the relationship ended almost immediately and Heaven disbanded.

In 1984, Fryer recruited drummer Tommy Dimitroff and returned to America to reform Heaven, this time with ex-Talas guitarist Mitch Perry and New York musician Mark Cunningham who had most recently been in a band called Cathedral. Dennis Feldman also joined the new Heaven line-up on bass and the group recorded the album Knocking on Heaven's Door, which saw them move in a distinctly heavy metal direction. The album's title track was a cover of the Bob Dylan song, and was issued as a single. Tours with Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Kiss and Mötley Crüe followed but RCA had lost interest in Heaven and without label support the band once again disintegrated.

After this, Fryer moved to Texas and forged ahead keeping the Heaven name alive with local talent such as Scott Howe, John Paul Dutton and Tim Heiser. A white Charvel signed by the members of the band hangs in the Hard Rock Cafe Dallas over the merchandise/T-shirt window.



Enjoy this classic