Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"She Wolf" is the lead single from Shakira's third English studio album, She Wolf. The song has a Spanish version, "Loba", which is being used to promote the English album in Spanish-speaking countries. "Loba" premiered on June 29, 2009 and was played on various radio stations. Shakira premiered "She Wolf" on Z100 and KIIS-FM on July 13, 2009. On July 14, 2009 "She Wolf" and "Loba" became available to download from iTunes. "She Wolf" was sent to U.S. radio on July 21, 2009. Shakira wrote and produced the track with John Hill, and Sam Endicott (lead singer and songwriter of The Bravery).

The music video was directed by Jake Nava. It was shot from June 9 to June 12 in Los Angeles, California. It premiered on MTV on July 30th at 8pm and features a live wolf. A video for the Spanish version was also released. Shakira's official website described the video as "An inventively sexy video directed by Jake Nava and featuring the metamorphosis of a woman told through her unique dance techniques". The video premiered as expected to a positive review from MTV. James Montgomery for MTV praised Shakira's dancing skills stating "Shakira has taken the art of body-contorting to new (somewhat unsettling) highs in "She Wolf". She herks and jerks, folds herself in half, torques vertebrae, lifts legs over her head, pops her shoulders in and out of their sockets, hangs upside down, nearly topples over ... the list goes on and on. She out-dances everyone in the business, and even manages to out-Beyoncé". Yet some people like Andrew Bast from Newsweek thinks that "Of course, sex appeal is an essential element of successful musicians, but for someone as talented as Shakira to resort to trashiness on par with Britney’s most bothersome buffoonery is, to put it mildly, a letdown."
The video begins with Shakira walking into a closet (leaving her lover asleep) where she bodypops and dances by herself, also paying tribute to Michael Jackson's famous anti-gravity lean on Smooth Criminal, "He was the king of artistic magic," Shakira said on an interview from Good Morning America. Then, the closet transforms into a club with her dancing with five backup dancers. Afterthat, it shows her in a gold cage making seductive poses. The scene switches back & forth. Next, a wolf is walking and then transforms into a girl at the club. In the final scene it shows Shakira dancing on top of a high building and dancing with a ladder. The final scene switches back & forth to every scene in the video.
The UK premier of the music video was online at MSN in late July 2009, although on television it first appeared on 4Music in August 2. The music video was shown in the North American theater of PlayStation Home from July 30, 2009 to August 6, 2009 and was brought back for one day on August 13, 2009 and then again on August 24, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

