Director:

Lijo Jose Pellisserry

Cast:

Indrajith
Dhanya
Siddhique
Thilkan
Jagathy
Lalu Alex
Sreejith Ravi
Vijay Menon
Rekha Pillai
Sumi

Produced by

Anoop Johnson Karedan

Original Music by

Prashant Pillai

Synopsis:

Basically Nayakan is a revenge story on the backdrop of the Kerala art form Kathakali. Indrajith plays the role
of a Kathakali artist Varadanunni, who takes to revenge on the mighty dons there with the help of an ageing don Vincent
Karanavar (Thilakan) and his daughter Maria (Dhanya Mary Varghese). The use of Kathakali to narrate the story has been
a new concept and the director has been successful in winning that part. Choosing right from costumes to the characters
that Varadanunni chooses to play, there are some links that gives an altogether different mood.


The story has been divided into parts like Purappadu, Kelikkai, Thodayam and Kalasham. The first half of the story seems
to be an interesting as well as a one with a best format. Although its an already seen concept, it is implemented in a
different manner. The second half seems to be a bit dragged one and lengthy too and seems to have lost its grip.

Indrajith's performance as Varadanunni is one of his finest performances that need an applause. He has toned his body quite
well to suit his role perfectly. It's a pity that such a talented actor is not used very well by the filmmakers here. Thilakan's
performance shows why he is still the adorned actor in the industry. Siddique is good at times, but then, it's his lengthy
role and confusions surrounding him portray weak links in the whole film. The director's brief role and a brilliant performance
by the actor who plays a brash cop are the highlights of the film. Heroine Dhanya Mary Varghese fails to impress with her
acting though she looks quite beautiful.

Nayakan is of course the apt title for the film and the credit for it should mainly go to its director, whose signature is there
all along. Manoj Paramahamsa's visuals is an added advantage to the film and Prashant Pillai's music is the best thing about
the film. The back ground score and sound design also make things look impressive. 