Movies : Documentary : HD 720p : English



The Secret Caribbean with Trevor McDonald - 720p (x264)




Genre : Documentary / Travel
Release Data :28th June 2009





The Secret Caribbean with Trevor McDonald - E01

First instalment of a three-part series in which Trevor McDonald travels across the Caribbean visiting some of the beautiful, dangerous and vibrant islands that make this region of the world so unique. Trevor visits Necker Island - a family home for Richard Branson but also a luxury getaway for the super-rich. From there he sees what life is like in Cuba before going to his birthplace, Trinidad, where he enjoys Carnival, a day of colourful and noisy celebrations.



The Secret Caribbean with Trevor McDonald - E02

Second in a three-part series in which Trevor McDonald travels across the Caribbean. Today Trevor visits three starkly different islands - Musha Cay, Jamaica and Barbados. Musha Cay is owned by the famous magician David Copperfield, and is possibly the most expensive private island in the Caribbean. In contrast, Trevor is then given permission to visit some of the British women serving time in a Jamaican prison for drug smuggling. Finally he travels on to meet the man who owns most of luxurious Barbados.


The Secret Caribbean with Trevor McDonald - E03

On the last leg of Trevor McDonald's Caribbean tour, he witnesses first hand how the forces of nature can make some of the island's most glamorous locations practically uninhabitable. He meets record producer Sir George Martin in Montserrat to witness the devastation caused by 1997's volcanic eruptions, he spends the night on a beach in Grenada watching a leatherback turtle lay her eggs, and on Harbour Island he finds out why Prince Charles' cousin continues to live there despite the hurricanes.


 
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Secret-Caribbean-Trevor-McDonald-DVD/dp/B001U3EOG2




Technical Detail average :

File size : 1.11 GiB
Format : AVC
Bit rate : 3 172 Kbps
Width : 1 280 pixels
Height : 720 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16/9
Frame rate : 25.000 fps

Audio
Format : AC-3
Bit rate : 256 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Language : English



Enjoy and Seed!!