Ludovico Einaudi & Ballake Sissoko - Diario Mali
2003

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Mali Diary (Diario Mali) is a studio recording of duets between the highly successful Italian classical-crossover pianist, Ludovico Einaudi, and Mali musician Ballake Sissoko - one of the most gifted ækoraÆ players in Africa. This unexpected collaboration was recorded in February 2003, less than a month after they had appeared together at the now famous Festival in the Desert. They had a track included on the best-selling CD of the event. 

At this time, Einaudi was just beginning his breakthrough to a much wider UK public. His ôEchoesö Best-of collection was released in the September of that year and early in 2004, he had a track featured on Buddha Bar vol.6 - a sure sign of musical ælifestyle chicÆ. 

Dismissed by large sections of the classical media, his accessible, melodic minimalism - compared by some to Philip Glass and Michael Nyman - has undeniably produced music of wide appeal, and championed by Classic FM in particular, the 8 CDs he has so far issued in the UK have all achieved substantial sales. Born in 1955, Einaudi was awarded a diploma in composition at the Milan Conservatory, and continued his studies with Luciano Berio. He has also composed chamber and orchestral compositions, music for dance and the stage, and film soundtracks, as well as a variety of multimedia works. He completed a sell-out 13-date tour of the UK in Feb 2005
-- Discovery Records

Tracks
01- Laissez Moi En Paix
02- Entre Nous
03- Soutoukou
04- Chanson D'Amour
05- Chameaux
06- Ma Mere
07- A L'Ombre
08- Niger Blues
09- Mali Sajio
10- Dessert Dans Le Desert

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org

You too can search for evidence the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the Lord and Master of the Universe  
http://setiathome.berkeley.edu