--About Mighty Sam McClain--
Sam McClain was born on the northern edge of the Bible Belt in Monroe, Louisiana in 1943. As a five year old, he began singing in his mother’s Gospel Church. It was then that he realized singing was his mission. He left home when he was thirteen to escape an abusive stepfather and followed local R&B guitarist, "Little Melvin" Underwood through the Chitlin Circuit, first as his valet and then as lead vocalist.

While he was singing at the 506 Club in Pensacola, Florida he was introduced to Producer/ DJ, "Papa Don" Schroeder. In 1966, Sam recorded Patsy Cline’s "Sweet Dreams" – his first real success. Several recording sessions at Muscle Shoals produced singles, "Fannie-May" and "In the Same Old Way", but his career never really took off. For fifteen years, first in Nashville, then in New Orleans Sam worked menial jobs and was forced to sell his plasma while he was homeless. From cotton fields to the Apollo Theater to the park bench, all while living the songs that would jump-start his career in the mid-1980’s. New Orleans own, Neville Brothers (Bless you) extended themselves at this lowest of times. Sam was offered a chance to tour and record in Japan in 1989. "Live In Japan", featuring legendary Wayne Bennett is a truly fine recording, much sought after by fans worldwide.

By the early 1990’s Sam networked his way to New England by way of his association with the "Hubert Sumlin Blues Party" project (produced by Hammond Scott on Black Top), which involved many Boston based musicians. These friends provided encouragement and collaborations, which led to Joe Harley and AudioQuest Music. The results were these successful releases, "Give It Up To Love" and "Keep On Movin".


--Give it up to Love--
Sam McClain has a great voice for the blues. Every track is performed with conviction and each one is a success. Excellent studio recording. Instruments are played with great skill. McClain operates at a different level than other blues artists. His voice, the lyrics and the band all combine to produce something very memororable. 

I don't know why this disk is hard to find. There should be millions of copies selling and hundred of reviews with 5 stars. Even the $30 Audioquest/JVC label has been out for sometime. 

I strongly recommend it even if you don't like the blues. After your first listening sesion you will be happy that you did. 

--Track List--
1. Give It Up To Love 
2. Too Proud 
3. What You Want Me To Do 
4. Here I Go Falling In Love Again 
5. Got To Have Your Love 
6. Child Of The Mighty Mighty 
7. I'm Tired Of These Blues 
8. I Feel Good 
9. Love Me If You Want To 
10. Don't Turn Back Now 
11. Lonesome Road 

If you like the CD, you might consider buying it - it's an audiophile recording, compressed audio doesn't expose all the detail available. The CD can be purchased from http://www.mightysam.com/acatalog/CD.html