Review
“Kudos to Paul LaViolette for disclosing the important new science of electro-magneto-gravitic propulsion. For over fifty years, humanity has continued to use earth-destroying primitive fuels when an ocean of infinite energy teems all around us. It is time that the truth be known!”
(Steven M. Greer, M.D., author of Hidden Truth: Forbidden Knowledge )

“Paul LaViolette is one of the most interesting and innovative thinkers probing the limits and horizons of contemporary physics. In this book he takes up a challenge that many of us have thought about but could not document: the possibility of propulsion systems that practically defy gravity. His findings merit earnest consideration, debate, and discussion.”
(Ervin Laszlo, author of Science and the Akashic Field )

“One of the boldest and most exciting books on gravity control to be put forward in our times. Paul LaViolette is an outstanding scientist.”
(Eugene Podkletnov, Ph.D., Professor of Chemistry, Tampere, Finland )

“Paul LaViolette’s investigations into this most mysterious of subjects are at once fascinating and prescient.”
(Nick Cook, author of The Hunt for Zero Point: Inside the Classified World of Antigravity Technology )

“One of the boldest and most exciting books on gravity control to be put forward in our times. Paul LaViolette is an outstanding scientist and the first to reverse engineer the B-2’s highly classified propulsion system.”
(Eugene Podkletnov, Ph.D., Professor of Chemistry, Tampere, Finland )

“Paul LaViolette has once again unearthed advanced knowledge that can change our lives. This is a landmark book to be read and discussed by anyone concerned about humanity’s options for the near future.”
(Jeane Manning, author of The Coming Energy Revolution: The Search for Free Energy )

"If you buy only one book on antigravity/electrogravity, this had better be the one! I have been a fan of Townsend Brown since the early eighties. This book showed me things I DID NOT know! . . . Secrets ARE revealed." (
T. Long, reviewer, July 2008 )

"Numerous field-propulsion devices and techologies that have huge thrust-to-power ratios are surveyed in chapters which offer new science ideas and theories perfect for any new age library." (
The Midwest Book Review, Sept 2008 )
Product Description
A complete investigation of the development and suppression of antigravity and field propulsion technologies

• Reveals advanced aerospace technologies capable of controlling gravity that could revolutionize air travel and energy production

• Reviews numerous field propulsion devices that have thrust-to-power ratios thousands of times greater than a jet engine

• Shows how NASA participates in a cover-up to block adoption of advanced technologies under military development

In Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion, physicist Paul LaViolette reveals the secret history of antigravity experimentation--from Nikola Tesla and T. Townsend Brown to the B-2 Advanced Technology Bomber. He discloses the existence of advanced gravity-control technologies, under secret military development for decades, that could revolutionize air travel and energy production. Included among the secret projects he reveals is the research of Project Skyvault to develop an aerospace propulsion system using intense beams of microwave energy similar to that used by the strange crafts seen flying over Area 51.

Using subquantum kinetics--the science behind antigravity technology--LaViolette reviews numerous field-propulsion devices and technologies that have thrust-to-power ratios thousands of times greater than that of a jet engine and whose effects are not explained by conventional physics and relativity theory. He then presents controversial evidence about the NASA cover-up in adopting these advanced technologies. He also details ongoing Russian research to duplicate John Searl’s self-propelled levitating disc and shows how the results of the Podkletnov gravity beam experiment could be harnessed to produce an interstellar spacecraft.
See all Editorial Reviews
Product Details

   * Paperback: 512 pages
   * Publisher: Bear & Company; First Edition edition (September 2008)
   * Language: English
   * ISBN-10: 159143078X
   * ISBN-13: 978-1591430780
   * Product Dimensions: 8.8 x 6.2 x 1.4 inches
 
http://www.amazon.com/Secrets-Antigravity-Propulsion-Classified-Technology/dp/159143078X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1286043564&sr=1-1,physics