Ruleing interests cause conceptualization of the future. Consequently causing could-be pan-cloud formations. Casting conjunctures as truth and coining charismatic knowing in the name of celestial service presenting produced circling crop formations. Crap-spitting "Charity Clouds" protecting each others pedantic "cheat celebrations". Fractals are represented as circumstantial callous colorlessness collisions. Watchful eye lighting our way blinding creation unknown accepting Accelerated Alpha-particles alignments as angelic messages. Arriving at assessments thru asking questions our advanced ageing civilizations artificial perfection is singing salvation seamlessly sounding secret alarms hidden in the mother. Heavenly circumstantial casting of the unknown circling surrender and succumbing to sages suggestions watchful eye bows his head at last. Words wishing woe will miss wisdom and connections not seeing outside their own windows. Regretting reality causing reactive system damage radically reducing consciousness or substance reasoning based upon mathematical analysis this is calculated thru time measurement. Wallowing readily resonates with redundant reasoning. Realize lost potential observe the "within" join lost fractal advisors realize stillness has always been ourselves "with-out" experience attachment reactions. What we thought we meant to achieve wildly staring into the abyss wondering what we will miss wisp's self regret wakening anew the DRAGON inside of me. Mothers Wagon Wheel of Wonder cast all illusions asunder awakening angelic perspective's in all nations allowing growth and prosperity to align again. Oak tree standing alone basking in the sun's all pervading love. Salvation blooming peace within our hearts awakening the forgotten abundance freely to all loving even the darkest of nights surrendering to no one heralding all back to the sun. Stalling and squeaking the power within surrendering to surreal shadows denying own birthright. Savior's unknown in complete harmonic perfection continuously working toward perfecting mothers mind. 

Silhouette stalkers stalling sentences suggesting demons or false intentions the "ring" is worn. Pretending that pleasure's gained thru pondered potentials equates to artificial peace. Protecting pointless prayers and pedestrian privileges is pivotal in full paid pervading prosperity thru all pressures. Portraits pre painted and sold in packages are plastic and artificial Dr. pre-determined detriment talks ticks that save Nations. Pulling lambs skin past parallel pixels is portraying deceit. Pretending to pendant peace and always plotting surly promised healing interventions of a divine nature. Provided pre-cognitive pro-visions without pride is out prescription for survival.

Nature's perfection is no longer innocent. Ignorance is created to control our nations. It starts at the top, hidden in a cloud, trickling its way down to the ground. Ignorance is intentionally introduced into daily interactions. They are attacking from all possible angles. Everyone is needed to solve this problem. Information is now available, ignoring is no longer acceptable. 