File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Bad English is the self-titled platinum-selling debut album by American rock supergroup Bad English, released in 1989.

The band scored two huge hits on the Billboard charts including the #1 hit "When I See You Smile" and #5 hit "Price of Love". In all, five singles were officially released from the album, all charting on the Hot 100.

First single "Forget Me Not" was a major hit at rock radio, spending two weeks at #2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, but it narrowly failed to hit the pop Top 40. The second single was the Diane Warren-penned power ballad "When I See You Smile", which was a massive multiformat hit, spending two weeks at #1 on the Hot 100, two weeks in the top 10 at rock radio, and getting significant and sustained play at Adult Contemporary radio. But "When I See You Smile" lingered in the pop Top 40 and was still climbing the Adult Contemporary charts, and close to being certified Gold, long after the song had peaked at rock radio. When the decision was made to release a second consecutive power ballad as the album's third single ("Price of Love"), the band released the stomper "Best of What I Got" as a promo to U.S. rock radio, hoping to maintain interest and credibility with the rock audience for their live headlining tour. The plan worked, as "Price of Love" hit the pop top five but didn't receive enough rock radio airplay to hit the 40-place Rock Tracks chart, while "Best of What I Got" surged to #9 there (the band's second-highest showing on that chart), and the band was invited to join the Whitesnake tour beginning in the spring for a second jaunt around the U.S.

A five-video collection was released, containing the music videos for "Best of What I Got", "Heaven is a 4 Letter Word", "Forget Me Not", "When I See You Smile", and "Price of Love".

Bad English was an American rock band supergroup formed in 1988, reuniting keyboardist Jonathan Cain with singer John Waite and bassist Ricky Phillips, his former bandmates in The Babys.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/