ThinkingParticles™ 3.0 is the ultimate rule based particle system for 3ds Max 2008-2011 and 3ds Max Design 2009-2011, offering unparalleled power to the user. 
thinkingParticles™ 3.0 is a completely new class of rule-based particle systems for 3ds Max and 3ds Max Design.

When this type of particle system is compared to an event-based particle system, (which works on triggers and time dependent events) you’ll find many unique advantages within TP3’s rule-based logic, which is free from normal time-based constraints and instead, applies simple behaviors.

These behaviors govern all aspects of a particle’s motion, life, death, and collisions in a true non-linear fashion. We trust, that you will find, by using thinkingParticles 3.0, that you will be able to create all the incredible effects that you have always wanted to create, but until now, have not been able to, due to very limited existing technologies.

The real power of thinkingParticles™ 3.0 comes from its unlimited combination of conditions and operators that define the behavior of each single particle in a particle system. Like C++, thinkingParticles opens up an unlimited world for a software developer. thinkingParticles™ offers the same unlimited power to the 3ds Max and 3ds Max Design artist.

What’s the real deal with thinkingParticles 3.0?

ThinkingParticles 3.0 offers its particle system functionality through a kind of programming approach. 

However, unlike programming, you won’t have to write a single line of code!

A powerful visual "Wire Setup Interface” enables any 3ds Max artist to define the rules and conditions that control the particle behavior. Because it is a "program” that controls the particles and the behavior, you will find that there is no limit to what you can do! Nearly every particle effect can be created or controlled through a set of operators and conditions.




1. Instal IP-clamp 1.2, *DO NOT REBOOT* and *DO NOT EXECUTE IT*!

2. Fire our keygen, press Crack and pick Cebas/Ip-clamp dir.
   (only the public crypto key will be patched)

3. Now you can reboot and make sure ipclamp service is running.

4. Launch IP-Clamp.exe and choose 'localhost' as primary network adapter, apply.

4. Create a request file using your personnal informations
   and a licence code generated by our keygen.

5. Use keygen to generate a valid licence ipclamp.lic from this request.
   Save the lic where except in IPClamp's dir (otherwise you won't
   be able to import the it).

6. Import your licence in IP-Clamp.

7. Install every Cebas plug-ins you need.


Enjoy it!
