File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:21

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2175 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.43 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Feed my Frankenstein" is a 1992 song by Alice Cooper on his 12th solo studio album Hey Stoopid. Its highest chart position as a single was #27 in the UK. The song was co-written with Zodiac Mindwarp: his band, Zodiac Mindwarp and the Love Reaction, recorded their own version in the album Hoodlum Thunder. This track helped Hey Stoopid to reach a UK #4 chart position.

The song was featured in the 1992 film Wayne's World, in which Cooper performs the song at a concert.

Guest appearances on the track include Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, and Nikki Sixx.

Hey Stoopid is a studio album from heavy metal singer and shock rock-musician Alice Cooper. It was released on July 2, 1991 with guest appearances from Slash (then still a member of Guns N' Roses), Ozzy Osbourne, Vinnie Moore, Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, Nikki Sixx and Mick Mars (both of Mötley Crüe).

After Cooper's smash 1989 hit album "Trash", Cooper attempted to retain his success with this album.

Alice Cooper (born Vincent Damon Furnier; February 4, 1948) is an American rock singer, songwriter and musician whose career spans more than four decades. With a stage show that features guillotines, electric chairs, fake blood, boa constrictors and baby dolls, Cooper has drawn equally from horror movies, vaudeville, and garage rock to pioneer a grandly theatrical and violent brand of heavy metal that was designed to shock.

Alice Cooper was originally a band that started recording in the late 1960s, consisting of Furnier (who also went by the name Alice Cooper) on vocals and harmonica, lead guitarist Glen Buxton, Michael Bruce on rhythm guitar, Dennis Dunaway on bass guitar, and drummer Neal Smith. The original Alice Cooper band broke into the international music mainstream with the 1971 hit "I'm Eighteen" from the album Love it to Death, which was followed by the even bigger single "School's Out" in 1972. The band reached their commercial peak with the 1973 album Billion Dollar Babies.

Furnier's solo career as Alice Cooper began with the 1975 concept album Welcome to My Nightmare. In 2008 he released Along Came a Spider, his 18th solo album. Expanding from his original Detroit rock roots, over the years Cooper has experimented with many different musical styles, including conceptual rock, art rock, glam metal, hard rock, new wave, pop rock, soft rock, experimental rock, heavy metal, and industrial rock. In recent times he has returned more to his garage rock roots.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/