Cal Tjader - Several Shades of Jade
Recorded in New York City April 23rd, 24th and 25th 1963
Released CD: 1997 
Label: Verve Records 
Quality: 320 kbps

This Album has a Far, Middle and Near East theme running through it. The arrangements and production are very adventurous for the time. Lalo Schifrin is very evident on this Album and his unique style is rapidly taking form. Most of the Schifrin arrangements have a filmic quality to them. This could easily be a soundtrack album.

"The Fakir" is pure Schifrin with the percussion taking the driving seat. "Song of Yellow River" has a great Bass line that has real charge to it. "Sahib" is brilliant with it's lazy groove and fantastic drumming by Eddie Shaughnessy. "China Nights" is an example of great mellow jazz. The final track on the Album "Hot Sake" is Lalo doing what he does best.

AMG Review by Stewart Mason 
One of the most unique albums of Cal Tjader's career, 1963's Several Shades of Jade is a collaboration with composer and arranger Lalo Schifrin that transposes the vibraphonist's musical travels from Latin America to the Far East. This is no more traditional Asian music than Tjader's similar albums from this period are traditional Latin American music, but the pair wisely avoids the standard clichés of Asian music (no smashing gongs after every musical phrase or melodies that sound like rejects from The Mikado). Instead, Schifrin frames Tjader's meditative vibraphone solos in arrangements that strike a cool balance between western kitsch and eastern exotica, never tipping too far in either direction. Although the follow-up album, Breeze From the East, is rightfully panned by just about everyone whose idea of Asian music doesn't begin and end with the Vapors' "Turning Japanese," Several Shades of Jade is actually an interesting experiment that succeeds more often than it fails. 

Cal Tjader - Several Shades of Jade Tracks:
Side One
01  The Fakir
02  Cherry Blossoms
03  Borneo
04  Tokyo Blues

Side Two
05  Song Of Yellow river
06  Sahib
07  China Nights (Shina No Yuro)
08  Almond Tree
09  Hot Sake