 http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/e8/e7/654f024128a0a7125e50e010.L.jpg


Title: Amplified Heart
Artist: Everything But the Girl 
Audio CD (July 19, 1994) 
Original Release Date: July 19, 1994 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Atlantic/WEA
Genre: Pop
Format: flac 


Track Listing:

01. Rollercoaster
02. Troubled Mind
03. I Don't Understand Anything
04. Walking to You
05. Get Me
06. Missing
07. Two Star
08. We Walk the Same Line
09. 25th December
10. Disenchanted


Allmusic Review:
Despite its title, Amplified Heart is one of Everything but the Girl's more acoustic works. A simple instrumentation of guitars and keyboards, augmented here and there by British folk-rock veterans like Richard Thompson, Danny Thompson, and Dave Mattacks, serves to set up a series of songs of romantic disillusionment. Declaring "my life is just an image of a roller coaster, anyway" and "I don't understand anything," among other things, over and over the songs speak of confusion and disappointment deriving from failed love affairs. The approach is much more introspective than that taken on the group's previous album of new music, Worldwide, but Tracey Thorn and Ben Watt's musical restraint supports it well. This is an album to listen to when you've just broken up with your lover, or even when you're just in the mood to think about lost lovers from long ago -- self-pity set to music

Amazon Review:
Amplified Heart marked a number of changes in Everything but the Girl's career, the most obvious of which was their sudden popularity when a Todd Terry remix of "Missing" became a dance-floor hit. But before the album was even recorded, Ben Watt -- who with Tracy Thorn is EBTG -- was hospitalized for a life-threatening intestinal disorder (see his book, Patient: The True Story of a Rare Illness, for a full account). His recovery invigorates Amplified Heart, making the love songs that much more passionate, the relationship songs that much more tender, and "25th December" -- the one song in which Watt sings lead -- that much more heartbreaking. Thorn's captivating vocals are the focus on the rest of the album, and she's as smooth as ever; combined with the focus that she and Watt share here, it makes for EBTG's best album.
 
