Pushing The Limits



screenshots (+ DVD-covers): 
http://www.cmylink.com/PushingTheLimits




Hardcore amateur porn with passion!
Extremely hard sex, but the way you would do it at home. 
Real life girls pushing their limits. 
Deep throat, anal, cream pie, fisting and lot more... 
Enjoy this hard bizzare action over of 2,5 hours!


Starring: 
Andy Brown, Lucy, Helena G., Tissy Teyra, Sonja Hunter, Jennifer Virgin


Content:
Anal, fisting, speculum, gyno, bizarre, extreme, banana/fruit, pissing, fetish


Studio:    Bizarre Brothers (*)
Released:  2007

Duration: 02:43:43
Video format: AVI
Video codec: MPEG1
Audio codec: MP3
Video: MPEG-1 2001 Kbps - 2047 Kbps 480х368, 480х320
Audio: MPEG-1 Audio layer 2 160 Kbps - 224Kbps 


(*)

Bizarre Brothers is a brand from Pressplay Entertainment bringinging something extra to the market, the higher standards of amateur porn. The directors of the products are crazy reallife guys. The lines are far from being common and all Titles has its own and inimitable character. The team is professional on their own way, means they always execute their ideas without any borders. Everyrthing you can see on the DVD is 100% exclusive and unique. We never make compilation and/or mixing the product with other producers' content. The lines are produced mainly by 2 producers but with the leading hand of Zoliboy.

We chose to work with the hottest Eastern European models mainly from the streets of Budapest and Prague. We keep looking for newbie's all the time to have a nice portfolio with some diversity. There are currently more than 500 models in our portfolio. The directors are talented cameramen who just love sex in every possible way. These guys give their best to shoot these babes for you to provide maximum entertainment!

What we use. All the footage is shot with SONY DV Cam PD150. Our dedicated photographers' use Nikon D1X's making sure to deliver you the quality you expect from us. All the post production happens in a modern studio equipped with everything necessary to produce high end quality products.

We sincerely hope that you'll find our productions are worth every penny spent should that be a DVD, an online membership or anything else that proudly holds the line: "Produced by Pressplay Entertainment Video Productions"




3,700+ porn torrents: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens

(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)





