Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Wizards in Winter" is an instrumental track by Trans-Siberian Orchestra, released on the 2004 album The Lost Christmas Eve. A clip of the band playing the first few seconds of the piece was used in a commercial for its most recent concert tour, and the song is often used to open their live shows. Its musical style incorporates progressive rock, symphonic metal, and heavy metal, with influences from classical music.

During the 2005 Christmas season, electrical engineer Carson Williams set up a Christmas light show in the front yard, driveway, windows, and roof of his house. It took him about two months and 16,000 lights. The lights were synchronized to the music, and the show was free for anyone passing by who tuned to a specific low-power FM frequency on their car radio. It is also available to download on iTunes as a music video.

A three-minute video of the show playing circulated widely on the Internet, and also spawned many others who imitated the style of setting their Christmas lights to this and other songs. It was later adapted by Miller Brewing Company into a 30-second TV advertisement for Miller Lite that aired on U.S. stations in late 2005.

A similar animation was used in a commercial for the UK's National Lottery, although, according to a press release, the advertising campaign "was created by Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO". No mention of Carson Williams' light show was made. The advert can be seen on the tellyads.com website.

The piece is also used in Jordan's Furniture's 2009 Christmas LITE (Laser Imagination Theater Experience) show and can also be heard on youfail.org.

The Lost Christmas Eve is the fourth album by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra. It was released on October 12, 2004, and is the last album in their "Christmas trilogy", with Christmas Eve and Other Stories (1996) and The Christmas Attic (1998) coming before it. All three albums, as well as their The Ghosts of Christmas Eve DVD, were featured in the The Christmas Trilogy box set.

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra (often abbreviated to TSO) is a rock orchestra founded in 1996 by producer, composer, and lyricist Paul O'Neill, who brought together Jon Oliva and Al Pitrelli (both members of Savatage) and keyboardist and producer Robert Kinkel to form the core of the group. The orchestra's musical style incorporates classical, orchestral, symphonic, and progressive elements into hard rock and heavy metal. The orchestra is most famous for their series of rock operas. They have released two albums that are being toured in the spring (Beethoven's Last Night and songs from Night Castle). They are also known for their charity work and their elaborate concerts, which are complete with a full orchestra, a massive light show, lasers, dozens of pyrotechnics, moving trusses, video screens, and other effects that are synchronized to the actual music.


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/