Maybe it’s because both Jamaica and Hawai‘i lie close to 20 degrees latitude north. Maybe it’s just the island thing. Whatever it is, reggae pulses through Hawai’i, influencing artists like no other genre of music. None have achieved the level of popularity and acclaim of Natural Vibrations, who incorporate this Jamaican music foundation and Hawai’ian vibe with the pop, rock, and rap music of today to create their own unique sound.

Formed in 1993 as a group of friends getting together at backyard parties in Kahalu‘u on Oahu’s Windward side, before they knew it Natural Vibrations were performing locally, recording, and touring on a regular basis. Today, they are one of the most popular bands in Hawai‘i, and gaining ground quickly on the Mainland and beyond.

Natural Vibrations, also known as Natural Vibes, Natty Vibes or simply Da Vibes by their countless fans, describe themselves as a “wild, sexually explicit, three-ring circus-like, hard-partying, fun-loving, pop/rock/reggae band.” Critics have praised their straight-ahead, no-holds-barred pop/rock/reggae style, blended with their sweet treatment of classic, timeless love and relationship themes. Natural Vibrations’ homegrown songs are “rootsy, funky, rock steady and romantic, with a touch of dub,” and shows the growth and progress of The Vibes as a band that is ready to break out and become the next major international artist from Hawai‘i.

Although Natural Vibrations is comprised of six very different personalities, the synergy between them is extraordinary and comes together on stage, creating a dynamic visual/musical experience. Their fans pack the front of the stage, dancing and singing along with every song. Their musical backgrounds are varied...citing influences from Prince and Michael McDonald to Bob Marley and UB 40. Each member of the Vibes plays multiple musical instruments as well as contributes to the band’s songwriting, and five of the guys trade off on lead vocals, adding to the strength and diversification of the show.

