Special Ops Mission is a 2009 TV series shown on the Military Channel. The basic premise of the show has former U.S. Army Ranger and Air Force Pararescueman, Wil Willis, performing a solo special operations mission against a group of OPFOR (OPposing FORce) which also consists of regular and special forces military veterans in a simulated wargame mission.

All episodes were ripped from the Zune store and stripped of DRM using Tunebite 7.  The codec used is XviD/MP3 at a bitrate of about ~2.0Mbps.  I looked far and wide for a torrent of these episodes (or even You Tube), but none existed so I made my own.  The videos are a little large in size but I think 4 GB for over 4 hours of video isn't too bad.  I tried lower bitrates but the quality just wasn't good enough for my taste.


Episode Guide:

1) Operation Urban Terror

Insurgents have taken over a large building, and are using it to hold hostages. Wil's mission is to infiltrate the insurgent stronghold, interrupt the flow of money and weapons, and rescue the hostages from the insurgents.

2) Operation Frozen Thunder

Terrorists have dammed up the local water supply, and are hijacking deliveries of humanitarian aid intended for a refuge camp down river. Wil's mission is trek through the snow and blow up the dam that is preventing water from flowing to the refugee camp.

3) Operation Covert Canyon

A rebel force is acquiring weapons of mass destruction. Their camp is protected by five highly trained and heavily armed operators. Wil's mission is to infiltrate the camp and photograph the weapons and upload them to Central Command.

4) Operation Pirate Guns

Pirates have captured a Merchant Marine gun ship. Aerial intelligence shows shipments of nuclear material being loaded onto the ship. Wil's job is to infiltrate the ship, and discover where the pirates intend to strike.

5) Operation Freebird Down

A force antagonistic to the government has set up anti-aircraft systems. Wil's mission is to take direct action against the radar & communication system that allows this anti-government force to track allied planes.

6) Operation One Shot

A drug lord visits a military training camp that he has established in order to observe its operations and see weapons demonstrations. Wil is sent to infiltrate the camp, positively identify the drug lord, and take him out.


I'll seed at my max upload, which admittedly isn't the greatest, but like I said before, there are no other torrents.  Happy downloading.