 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1475330/
4.6/10 63 votes

Trailer :

Hong Kong's master of silliness Wong Jing harks back to nineties cinema with the hilarious nonsensical period comedy On His Majesty's Secret Service! Setting its plentiful gags in the royal palace, this throwback laughfest embraces all the gems of the genre - wordplay, physical comedy, chop-sock action, wacky props, questionable special effects, and A-list stars mugging for laughs. Louis Koo and Barbie Hsu team up again after Connected to play a goofy feuding couple, while comedy queen Sandra Ng hams it up as the scheming Empress who's also a ninja! Additional comedic support is provided by genre regulars Lam Tze Chung, Kingdom Yuen, Leung Ka Yan, and Law Kar Ying plus Mainland stars Tong Dawei (Red Cliff II), Song Jia (Curiosity Killed the Cat), and Liu Yang (Bullet & Brain). Martial artist Fan Siu Wong (Ip Man) also brings some credible action to the mix in an over-the-top turn as a villainous eunuch.

Intrepid inventor Royal Dog (Louis Koo) is part of the elite imperial bodyguard team tasked with protecting the inept Emperor (Liu Yiwei) and Empress (Sandra Ng). Unlike his brother Royal Tiger (Tong Dawei), however, Royal Dog can't fight if his life depended on it. What he lacks in kung-fu prowess though, he makes up with wacky (untested) weaponry concocted in his workshop. When the Emperor decides to hold a competition to choose suitor for Princess Rainbow (Song Jia), Royal Dog becomes an unexpected top contender, much to the displeasure of his sassy girlfriend Faithful (Barbie Hsu). There's nary time for romance though when there are so many people out to kill him and the Emperor, including a cross-dressing female assassin (Liu Yang), head eunuch Lord Unicorn (Fan Siu Wong), and even the Empress herself!


Format : AVI
File size : 886 MiB
Duration : 1h 37mn

Video
Codec ID : XVID
Duration : 1h 37mn
Bit rate : 1 121 Kbps
Width : 672 pixels
Height : 288 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.35:1
Frame rate : 24.000 fps

Audio
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 32.0 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz

Subtitles : English srt