Live From Daryl's House finds country comfort with Nashville star Jimmy Wayne, debuting Dec. 15 as Daryl and John celebrate Grammy nod.

Daryl Hall and Wayne recreate their hit country version of "Sara Smile" and a cover of Eddie Floyd's "Knock on Wood" for 26th and latest edition of groundbreaking web series

NEW YORK, Dec. 7, 2009—Country star Jimmy Wayne's cover version of Daryl Hall and John Oates' 1976 hit single, "Sara Smile," which he recorded with the duo earlier this year, is a country smash, and now serves as the centerpiece for the 26th installment of the acclaimed web series, Live From Daryl's House, available starting Dec. 15 at www.lfdh.com. The show will be the first since Daryl Hall and John Oates received their first Grammy nomination in 25 years with a nod in the Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group With Vocals for "Sara Smile," from their Live at the Troubadour album on Shout! Factory.

"My experience playing with Daryl on Live From Daryl's House will go down in my journal as one of my all-time favorite performances, right up there with the Grand Ole Opry, Madison Square Garden and Red Rocks," said the North Carolina-born singer-songwriter.

Wayne released his self-titled debut in 2003 on DreamWorks Nashville, which went Top 10 country and cracked the Top 100 pop, followed by 2008's Do You Believe Me Now on the Valory Music Group label, where it peaked at #4 Country and #27 on the Pop chart. His latest album, Sara Smile, hit retail last month, with the title track his seventh Top 40 country single, as well as Daryl Hall and John Oates' first-ever Top 40 country hit.

Featured in Wayne and Daryl's seven-song set are versions of "Sara Smile" and "Someone Like You," a track from Hall's 1986 solo album, Three Hearts in the Happy Ending Machine, along with a cover of Eddie Floyd's classic "Knock on Wood." There are also four Wayne originals, including his #1 Country hit, "Do You Believe Me Now," "Kerosene Kid," "I'll Never Leave You" and "I Didn't Come Here to Lose."