Issa Bagayogo - Sya
2002
[Original Recording Reissued]


"The more I listen, the more I believe this may come to be seen as a classic milestone for African music and Malian music in particular." - Charlie Gillett/BBC World Service.

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project


Biography

Issa Bagayogo is one of the great, if tongue twisting, names in World music and has been conveniently nicknamed Techno-Issa. Techno music is in stark contrast to Issa's rural background 30 miles from the nearest town in southern Mali. Born in 1961, Issa Bagayogo should never have become a musician his fate seemed to be to work the farm his father worked with his four wives and 14 other children. But Issa was drawn to music and started singing and playing traditional instruments. After becoming well known locally, Issa, at the age of 30, decided to go to the capital, Bamako in 1991. There he got the chance to use his skills at playing kamele n'goni in a studio belonging to two Frenchmen and the result was a cassette. He did not return to Bamako for another two years and recorded another cassette and became an apprentice bus driver. The cassettes brought in no money and Issa became depressed, turned to drink and his wife left him and it seemed as if his life had bottomed out. After a while Issa returned to his music and at a studio he met Yves Wernert, a French engineer, and guitarist Foamed Kone, who'd been a guitarist in Ali Farka Toure's band. They began mixing traditional music with techno drum programming, something Issa was unsure of, if only because it was so unlike anything he'd done The result became known as Afro-techno and it certainly did the trick because their first CD, Sya, released in 1998, was a huge success in Mali also enabling him to finally quit his job as an apprentice bus driver. As a consequence to the success of this album Issa won an award as Brightest New Hope and the trio and their accompanying band with backing vocalists went on to record their second CD, the international hit Timbuktu. This new album Tassoumakan includes topics such as unity, going abroad, drugs and death, It is a convincing blend of modern technology and deeply rooted music.
-- Wrasse Records


Reviews

Issa Bagayogo has struck a magical balance between roots authenticity and 21st-century hip, a balance that a lot of artists have been aiming for and missing. Bagayogo's clubbier tracks offer DJs an alternative that matches the energy their audiences expect. At the same time, the spirit of a nighttime celebration in a savannah village comes through in the mix. These tunes deliver not just the flavor but the feeling of Africa.
-- National Public Radio

A masterful hybrid of American funk and traditional Mali music that somehow doesn't betray the traditions of either. Bracing World Music for people who are afraid of World Music.
-- Jam Music

Issa Bagayogo's debut release is a groundbreaking fusion of West African music with modern dance and dub production. The most convincing aspect of Sya is how beautifully the rhythms fit, both in a Western dance club and in the traditional sounds of griot music "Baro," with its bluesy guitar break, catchy chorus and largely acoustic but still completely contemporary sound, is a good example. There are many possible meeting points between Malian and modern dance music, and Issa Bagayogo seems intent on visiting them all.
-- Six Degrees Records

Many world music fans will recall Issa Bagayogo's Timbuktu, the Malian artist's stateside debut. However, Bagayogo first struck gold on Sya, originally released in 1998 to great acclaim in Europe and Mali. It's on Sya that Bagayogo, guitarist Moussa Kone, and programmer Yves Wernert first infused traditional Malian music with electronic beats and other technological production techniques. Creating a more unobtrusive backing than would be heard on Timbuktu, Wernert's programming on Sya not only updated the traditional music, but did so without overshadowing the hypnotic and subtle acoustic strings and percussion. Listeners can hear the timbre of Bagayogo's remarkably expressive kamele n'goni (a small, six-stringed, lute-like instrument) playing as he transitions from low, earthy, fuzzy notes to high clear notes that have the delicacy of acoustic guitar. Perhaps it was the initial rush of this first collaboration that made it so good, but Sya is an even more compelling, and more subtle, listen than the still very fine Timbuktu.
-- amazon.com


Track List
01- Sya
02- Gnangran
03- Kanadianfan
04- Diarabi
05- Lanaya
06- Kouloun
07- Djinew Nakan
08- Madomba

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!
PastafariCubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
