Additional Details
Also Known As:Deadly Sanctuary (USA) 
Justine (USA) Justine and Juliet 
Justine ovvero le disavventure della virtù (Italy) 
Marquis de Sade's Justine (International: English title) (alternative spelling) 
more 
Parents Guide:Add content advisory for parents 
Runtime:
90 min | Argentina:95 min | Italy:105 min (Italian version) | Spain:124 min (uncut version) | UK:124 min (2002 video release) (uncut) 
Country:
Italy | USA | West Germany | Liechtenstein 
Language:Italian 
Color:Color 
Aspect Ratio:1.66 : 1 more 
Sound Mix:Mono 
Certification:
Norway:16 (1969) (cut) | West Germany:18 (nf) | Argentina:16 | Finland:(Banned) | Sweden:15 | UK:18 | USA:R 
Filming Locations:Barcelona, Cataluña, Spain 
Company:Aica Cinematografica S.R.L

Description

cousin works and learning the "tricks of the trade", regardless of the fact they are both still virgins.

At the whorehouse the older and more worldly Juliette gets on fine and embraces the brothel lifestyle while the naïve & innocent Justine can't handle it and runs away back to the convent, into Pastor John's welcoming arms. Although, after the good Pastor has had a few wines he can no longer contain his lecherous urges and attempts to rape poor, pure Justine. Luckily she escapes with her virginity intact but Pastor John ends up dead and she is now wanted for murder.

Whilst escaping through the church graveyard she encounters a gang of graverobbers who kidnap her and force her into their way of life - she becomes their bait for luring stagecoaches to a halt so the thieves can rob & murder the occupants. Meanwhile, Juliette has become concerned by the absence of her sister and sends her heroic aristocrat boyfriend, Lord Carlisle (Martin Potter of Fellini's Satyricon fame) out to search for her.

Lord Carlisle eventually catches up with the thieves as they use their ploy to rob his stagecoach and murder all the occupants, only sparing him after Justine's pleading. The two soon escape only to be hunted down by dogs and brutally slaughtered (and in Justine's case gang-raped).

Compared to De Sade's original story (and indeed even Jess Franco's adaptations) Justine is pretty tame, there's the odd splatter of blood, infrequent nudity and even some non-graphic rape & necrophilia but overall - even with those acts included - there's still not much for exploitation aficionados to get excited about. The film focuses more on Justine's plight and the eventual tarnishing of her innocence.

Strangely enough this film is included as part of Redemption's Nunsploitation box set but it's only really the first twenty to thirty minutes that are set in the convent - the rest is either in the countryside or the brothel - although, aside from the downbeat ending and Justine's surreal catholic guilt nightmare sequences, the convent scenes are the best & sleaziest parts of the film, with the usual forced lesbianism and debauched Mother Superior.