 http://www.torrentday.com - The Hottest Scene xXx on the Web.

 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Your Key To The Scene.


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.






                                      
                                                     
                                                      
                                                        
                                                      
  f3!                                               
  cRO                                         
                                           
                                   
                                   
                       
                            
                           
                              
                       
                            
                                  
                            
                      
                          
                   
                            
                            
                             
                              
                              
                          
                   
                   
                    
                  
                       
                   
               
                    
                                                  
            
                               
                                       
                                        
                                 
                                    
                                      
                                             
         
                  
                           
                              
                                 
                            
                               
                                  
                       
                           
                                      
                                    
                                    
                                  
                                   
                                     
                                   
                                     
                               
                                  
                                    
                               
                                
                                
                                     
                                      
                               
                                 
                                    
                                    
                                   
                                     
                                           
                                        
                                       
                                    
                                    
                                 
                          
                   
                
                 
                  
                
                     
                    
                  
            
       
        
         
          
         
        
     
     
     
         
        
       
      
       
         
              
                        
                                  
                                   
                         
                                   
                                       
                                    
                                            
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                                
                                                       
                                      
                                         
                                      
                                 
                               
                               
                                
                                     
                                              


        D i v X f a c T o r y      p r o u d l y       P r e s e n t s


                                           
                                         
                                             
                                            
                            
                                           
                                        
                           
                                
                         
                                                               
                                       
                                    
                            
                                             
                                                   
                                                     
                                                    
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
    The.Best.Of.Lexi.Belle.2.DISC1.XXX.DVDRiP.XviD-DivXfacTory      
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                  
     RELEASE.DAtE : 21.03.2009      FORMAt..... : XviD            
     PROd.StUdiO. : Evil Angel      RESOLUtiON. : 576x320         
     DVD.RELEASE. : 26.02.2010      AUdiO...... : VBR MP3         
     SiZE........ : 1CD             SUPPLiER... : DivXfacTory     
     GENRE....... : All Sex         DiSk AMOUNt : CD1 49x15  MB   
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                    
             
                                                                  
                                                                  
                                                          
                                              
                                      
                            
                                
                              
                              
                                     
                            
                                   
                                
                                                  
                                              
                          
                                                                  
                                                                  
                                                                    
      Alexa Jordan, Belladonna, Jenna Haze, Lexi Belle,             
      Monique Alexander, Roxy Deville                               
                                                                    
      "Lexi Belle is one of my favorite sluts, and there            
      will never be another one like her." That's director/         
      porn icon Belladonna commenting on the fair-skinned,          
      bubble-butted, preternaturally horny blonde cutie             
      whose girly presence and vivacious lust have adorned          
      so many Belladonna movies. Now Bella has crafted a            
      sterling double-disc set collecting the sexiest of            
      those moments; with the addition of two brand new             
      scenes, The Best Of... Vol. 2: Lexi Belle encompasses         
      the title starlet's wide variety of sexual charms.            
      Pixieish in pigtails and cowboy boots, Lexi squeals           
      and simpers as Seth Gamble fucks her mouth and pussy.         
      Upon swallowing his cum she reveals that she cares            
      only for his dick, but not his romantic interest; she         
      hurries him out and turns to the reinforcement penises        
      belonging to Mr. Pete and Mikey Butders. These dudes          
      are not so romantic; they roughly fuck her, choking and       
      spanking along the way. After they cum on her little,         
      natural tits, the hard-boiled slut loses interest in          
      them too, because all she cares about is cock. Pretty,        
      blonde waif Monique Alexander joins raven-tressed Lexi        
      Belle in an arty power-exchange scene with a nostalgic        
      look and sound evocative of some indefinite era past.         
      In a dominant role, Lexi releases bound and gagged            
      Monique from a closet for a session of erotic torment.        
      Lexi stings Monique with a crop, sits on her face, fucks      
      her in all three holes with a strap-on and makes her          
      suck the strap-on clean. In a scene for foot fetish fans,     
      Lexi Belle wears a bumblebee costume and pours sticky         
      honey all over her black-and-yellow-painted toenails.         
      Her honey-dripping peds mash daisies before she offers        
      them up to Mark Ashley to suck and worship. As she            
      fellates his cock and he fucks her, the camera focuses        
      on her pretty feet, and after he cums on her toes she         
      licks 'em clean. Alexa Jordan has long, black hair, a         
      dominant air and absolutely no patience for Lexi Belle's      
      cutesy flirtation. But Alexa knows how to handle an           
      attention whore: with a rough strap-on plowing. Lexi          
      gets her panties stuffed into her mouth and Alexa's           
      dong stuffed into her cunt. Lexi Belle and Roxy DeVille       
      are rascally rabbits - throughout their girl-girl sex         
      session, one or both of them wear gigantic, cartoonish        
      rabbit masks and soft bunny paws. They finger each other,     
      suck titties and rub out orgasms scissors-style on each       
      other's thighs. With her toenails painted white, Lexi         
      Belle teases the camera and foot fetish fans. She sucks       
      her own toes, then offers them up to James Deen for           
      sniffing. Their resulting suck-and-screw session is           
      shot to emphasize her pretty feet and includes lots of        
      toe sucking, even during the fucking. She gives him a         
      foot-job and when he cums on her toes, she slurps 'em         
      clean. When clouds ruin their sun-tanning plans, Lexi         
      Belle and petite Jenna Haze wind up in a big bathtub to       
      wash away the suntan lotion. The lost afternoon quickly       
      evolves into an intimate moment, a very playful, very         
      girly, very real lady lovemaking session. In the warm         
      water they kiss, play with each other's hair and              
      languidly lap pussy. Their pretty toes, butts and clits       
      get plenty of lusty attention. Belladonna, her short hair     
      black, joins Lexi Belle in a room full of red and purple      
      balloons. They share serious lip sucking and full-on          
      mouth kissing, hugging and breathless talk. Hungrily          
      they finger and eat pussy - Bella's is hairy, Lexi's          
      bald. The girls rub balloons sensually on each other's        
      bodies and burst them with their toes. Mr. Pete, playing      
      Lexi Belle's boyfriend, catches her sluttily dressed and      
      ready to go out. She whines that he should trust her, but     
      she's cheated before, so he takes control of her wayward      
      holes right there in the kitchen. He forcefully fucks         
      her mouth and, boning her cunt, chokes her to red-faced       
      glory. She looks helplessly orgasmic getting nailed           
      standing, doggie-style, and grinding down on his meat         
      while perched on the kitchen island. After he jerks off       
      on her face the incorrigible Lexi announces that she's        
      still going out.                                              
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                
                                                      
                                                     
                                                   
                                             
                             
                             
                        
                                       
                                     
                                                   
                                              
                                               
                             
                         
                              
                                          
                                                      
                                                              
                                                                
                Its a DivXfacTory - need we say more ??         
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                              
                                                            
                                                        
                                                
                            
                                    
                                        
                       
                                   
                               
                                                    
                                        
                                    
                            
                                                
                                                        
                                                            
                                                              
         if u don't know where to find us, u don't need to      
         contact us                                             
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                              
                                                            
                                                        
                                                
                            
                                    
                                        
                             
                                     
                                  
                                                    
                                        
                                    
                            
                                                
                                                        
                                                            
                                                              
                                                                
              PEEPSHOW, Fuqj0, HiV, Pr0nStarS, XCiTE, ORC       
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                              
                                                          
                                                    
                                            
                   2  0  0  9                
                      
                                                       
                   ASCII for all of you              
                         WANKERS.                    
                 Production by              
                                
                    F U M         
                                          
                       OF                  
                                                  
              :: CHEMICAL  REACTION ::         
                                      
                                  
                                 f3!
                                            cRO