Cassandra Wilson - Blue Light Till Dawn 
Audio CD: November 2, 1993 
Original Release Date: November 2, 1993 
Label: Blue Note Records 
Quallity: 320 Kbp/s

BLUE LIGHT 'TIL DAWN was nominated for Best Jazz Vocal Performance in the 37th Annual Grammy Awards. 

After reviewing "Travelling Miles" from 1999, I decided to delve back to 1993 to see the basis for the former and to identify the progression in style and product from earlier Ms Wilson.  Again I found this to be an adult CD requiring a serious attempt at listening to be fully rewarded, again the result is a unique, ambitious and soulful interpretation of some contemporary blues and soulful songs with the trademark Wilson touch.  For those serious enough to step outside the square, this is for you .. and in spades as well!!!
The talent is again that *voice* and the interpretative touches she puts onto songs by Van Morrison, Joni Mitchell and Robert Johnson, as well as others, including her own compositions Redbone and Blue Light Til Dawn.  She is a maverick of the most interesting kind.  I could see the street lights flickering, the cats squelling the sirens sounding, the rubbish cans rattling, as I staggered home in the pre dawn hours .  . and that husky smoke laden delivery in my mind.  Come On In My Kitchen and Hellhound on My Trail are provocative .  . if you don't get a kick at listening to these .  . check your pulse  .  .  . you may be dead!!!!

I think her interpretaion of I Can't Stand the Rain is excellent.  This song lends itself to a Wilson interpretation, more interesting than the commerically exploited version of Eruption in the disco laden 70's and the interesting treatment given to it by Ronnie Wood on one of his albums years later.  

As with the Miles Davis tribute, I found the muscianship excellent, with Ms Wilson showing her up front approach to a sparse and percussive accompaniment.  This truely is an excellent album, that requires to be given a number of listens before the true talent can be appreciated.  This will grow on you, and be played periodically from your collection, when the other commerically and talent limited divas have disappeared.  Turn off the lights, late at night and listen .  .  . you will be drifting between midnight and dawn .  . a classic sound from the evolving and maturing Ms Wilson.  4 1/2 to 5 stars, a worthy addition to your collection.  ~ Lance G .  Rigley

Repeatedly unexpected.  Spare, care-ful arrangements, each specifically formulated for each song, each matching her rich, dark alto.  First and foremost, serious jazz, but also something entirely different, reflecting an eclectic song choice (e. g., Robert Johnson, Joni Mitchell, Van Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, Ann Peebles, herself).  Sometimes a primal awareness, but mainly a remarkable artistic sensibility.  She DEMANDS attention, completely remaking even old favorites into something totally new.  S: tr 2-Come on in my kitchen; tr 4-Children of the night, tr 5-Hellhound on my trail; tr 7-Sankofa; tr 10-Tupelo honey.  ~ Frank Camm

Personnel:
Cyro Baptista - percussion, jews harp
Cassandra Wilson - vocals
Kevin Johnson
Kenny Davis
Lonnie Plaxico - bass
Gib Wharton - pedal steel guitar
Charlie Burnham - violin, mandocello
Tony Cedras - accordion
Jeff Haynes
Bill McClellan
Brandon Ross
Lance Carter
Don Byron
Olu Dara
Chris Whitley
Vinx 

Cassandra Wilson - Blue Light Till Dawn Tracks
01  You Don't Know What Love Is
02  Come On In My Kitchen
03  Tell Me You'll Wait For Me
04  Children Of The Night
05  Hellhound On My Trail
06  Black Crow
07  Sankofa
08  Estrellas
09  Redbone
10  Tupelo Honey
11  Blue Light 'Til Dawn
12  I Can't Stand The Rain