John Coltrane - The Gentle Side Of John Coltrane (1991) [FLAC] - insinuendo

Source: Audio CD
Label: Impulse!
Original Release Year: 1975
Remastered: Oct 15, 1991
Genre: Jazz, Bop
Quality: FLAC
Bit rate mode: Variable
Average bit rate: 728 Kbps
Channel(s): 2 channels
Sampling rate: 44.1 KHz
Resolution: 16 bits



According to the album's liner notes, THE GENTLE SIDE OF JOHN COLTRANE was assembled "to display the more lyrical and gentle side of the man's art," and it does just that. A collection of mostly mellow tracks recorded between 1961 and 1964, this record is a perfect choice for those who have never been able to "get" Coltrane's later, more experimental work, or newbies who are not quite ready for the cerebral qualities of straight hard bop.

In addition to a selection of excellent recordings featuring the classic Coltrane lineup of Mcoy Tyner, Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones, there are also two tracks from Coltrane's historic 1962 album with Duke Ellington. These performances remind the listener that Ellington, while best remembered as a composer, was a gifted pianist who always cut right to the emotional heart of the music. Also included are songs from Coltrane's collaboration with vocalist Johnny Hartman and several lovely tunes in the "tone poem" vein, including the gorgeous and sad "After the Rain." Wrapping things up is "I Want to Talk About You," a good live example of the famous Coltrane "sheets of sound"--just in case anyone was getting too relaxed.



Recorded at Van Gelder Studios, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey.

The John Coltrane Quartet: John Coltrane (tenor saxophone); McCoy Tyner (piano); Jimmy Garrison (bass); Elvin Jones (drums).

Additional personnel: Johnny Hartman (vocals); Duke Ellington (piano); Aaron Bell (bass); Sam Woodyard, Roy Haynes (drums).Q (3/92, p.85) - 4 Stars - Excellent - "...the Coltrane sound conveyed a lyrical gentleness and pure sense of quest...an excellent compilation of epiphanic moments..."
Down Beat (3/92, p.47) - 4 Stars - Very Good -