. 

TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.

we are the most on-time tracker around the globe, You can download releases whenever they release out by group uploaders. no Wait Time.

TorrentDay is a private tracker torrent website, which is totally free, safe and fast.


Higher Speed Download is available at: TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.


.

Torrentday : Clean RAR Scene File - Enjoy and don't forget to leave Thanks


Enjoy :)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

               The.Royal.Variety.Performance.2009.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2009.12.20
              Genre...........: Entertainment

       Peter Kay hosts the 81st star-studded event from the Opera House 
       Theatre in Blackpool, where a roster of stars from the worlds of 
       music, comedy and theatre perform in the presence of the Queen 
       and the Duke of Edinburgh. Topping the bill are Bette Midler, 
       Whoopi Goldberg and the cast of the musical Sister Act, and dance 
       troupe Diversity, who were given the chance to perform on this 
       show when they won Britain's Got Talent earlier this year. Music 
       is provided by Lady GaGa, Michael Buble, Mika, Miley Cyrus, 
       Katherine Jenkins, Faryl Smith, the Soldiers and the stars of Here 
       Come the Girls - Lulu, Anastacia and Chaka Khan. Plus, as this 
       year's X Factor winner Joe McElderry heads for a Christmas number 
       one, 2008 champion Alexandra Burke performs on stage. Jason 
       Manford, Paddy McGuinness, Paul Zerdin and Adam Hills ensure there 
       is no shortage of laughs tonight, and Bob Golding pays tribute to 
       comedy legend Eric Morecambe.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * 100mbit or gigabit archive sites for TV/XVID/ETC
           * 1080p or 720p rippers pre retail or classics
           * Fios cappers in u.s
           * U.K or Pre Retail Dvdrippers
           * Internal 100mbit 1tb+ dump sites for Exlusive group usage
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai