JAPAN - Gentlemen Take Polaroids (1980)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD, digitally remastered.
Number of tracks: 17.


Allmusic.com review:
"The last album with Rob Dean, Gentlemen Take Polaroids was also unquestionably the album in which Japan truly found its own unique voice and aesthetic approach. The glam influences still hung heavy, particularly from Roxy Music, but now the band found itself starting to affect others in turn. Even the back cover photo says as much — looking cool in glossy, elegant nightwear, the quintet had a clear impact on Duran Duran, to the point where Nick Rhodes obviously was trying to be Sylvian in appearance. Musically, meanwhile, the swooning, hyper elegant Euro-disco sheen of Quiet Life was polished to an even finer edge throughout, the title track and the obvious descendant of "Quiet Life" itself, "Methods of Dance," in particular sheer standouts. Sylvian's sighing, luscious croon is in full effect on both, and the arrangements are astonishing, Karn's fretless purring between Jansen's crisp, inventive, and varied drumming, Barbieri's icy keyboards filling out the corners. What makes Gentlemen Take Polaroids even more of a success is how the group, having reached such a polished peak, kept driving behind it, transforming their exquisite pop into something even more artistic and unique. "Swing," in particular, is an astounding showcase for the Karn/Jansen team; snaky funk at once dramatic and precisely chilled, brass section blasts adding just enough wry, precise sleaze, Sylvian delivering with focus and intensity while not raising his voice at all. "Nightporter," meanwhile, is a hyper ballad and then some; a slow-paced semi-waltz with Barbieri's piano taking the lead throughout with wonderful results. Further hints of the future come with the album closing "Taking Islands In Africa," which Sylvian co-wrote with future regular collaborator Ryuchi Sakamato, and which wraps up the whole experience with a gliding, supple grace."

Uploader's comment: "Some Kind of Fool" was originally recorded for "Gentlemen Take Polaroids" but was ultimately left off the final cut of the album in favour of "Burning Bridges". Some twenty years later David Sylvian re-recorded the track with new vocals for his "best of" compilation "Everything and Nothing".

TRACK LIST

Gentlemen Take Polaroids
========================

01. Gentlemen Take Polaroids

02. Swing

03. Burning Bridges

04. My New Career

05. Methods of Dance

06. Ain't That Peculiar

07. Nightporter

08. Taking Islands in Africa

+

09. Gentlemen Take Polaroids (7" Mix)

10. The Experience of Swimming (Non-album track, 1980)

11. The Width of a Room (Non-album track, 1980)

12. Taking Islands in Africa (Steve Nye Remix, feat. Ryuichi Sakamoto, 1981)

13. Some Kind of Fool (David Sylvian Re-recording, 2001)

14. Gentlemen Take Polaroids (Live 1982)

15. Swing (Live 1982)

16. Methods of Dance (Live 1982)

17. Nightporter ('Live' 1983)


Enjoy and - most importantly - share with your fellow man. A special thanks to all of you out there who have both downloaded and seeded these torrents so far.




