The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun  / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

Ten years on from Worms: Armageddon and the turn-based comic
mayhem continues in Worms: Reloaded, an all-new edition
available for PC through Steam. Worms: Reloaded features up to
four player online and offline multi-player, voice support, a
raft of crazy new weapons (and the return of some iconic
weapons from the brand's celebrated past), achievements,
leaderboards, all new high-definition landscape themes, a
range of brilliant forts for the new Fort mode, new landscape
editor, new play modes, hats, skins and speech banks.

To top it all off, there is also a highly-involving
single-player experience with tutorials, deathmatches, races,
fort games and puzzles. Enjoy the new High Definition full
colour graphics engine, revised physics and pit your wits
against the all-new A.I. with seven personality types,
ranging from easy to very hard and styles like vengeful, cocky
and "Darksider" The game is also packed with customization
options, and includes thousands of possibilities for your team
of worms, tons of game options and custom levels, so you can
play the game how you want

Campaign mode. Play through 35 single-player missions as well
as 30 more in the Warzone Campaign that is tuned for advanced
players.

Bodycount mode How will you survive with having just one worm
pitched against never ending spawning enemy worms that get
increasingly tougher? Compete against friends in the scored
leaderboard.

Training Mode. Comprehensive tactics tutorage that includes 3
tutorials and 3 different firing ranges.

User defined controls with classic settings as standard.

Function key support for fast access to common weapons.

Works with compatible USB gamepad.

It also runs on all modern Windows Operating Systems.

Plus tons more new stuff for you to explore

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the CD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy