Ali Farka Toure & Toumani Diabate - Ali and Toumani
2009

Their final recording together.
Featuring Buena Vista Social Club's Orlando 'Cachaito' Lopez.

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

The summer of 2005 was a productive but painful time for the late Ali Farka Toure. The great Malian guitarist came to London in the company of the kora star Toumani Diabate to give a concert and record what would be their final album together. Toure was seriously ill, but he was still on tremendous form – as can be judged from this album. It's a set that's remarkable both for the delicacy and composure of the playing, and the sheer variety. There are languid, blues-edged treatments of ancient songs, along with such surprises as the lilting, Cuban-influenced Sabu Yerkoy, on which Toure sings against a flurry of kora, and backing that includes his son Vieux on vocals and congas. This is a magnificent and poignant farewell.
-- The Guardian

An album of spellbinding beauty.
-- uncut (****)

You get the feel of two of the world's greatest musicians in a room together, having a conversation and creating a document that will carry their legacy into the future.
-- Pitchfork

Beautifully recorded, Ali & Toumani lives up to and perhaps exceeds expectations.
-- BBC

Ali and Toumani will certainly join the ranks of recordings that are "beyond criticism."
-- AllAboutJazz

Tracks
01- Ruby
02- Sabu Yerkoy
03- Be Mankan
04- Doudou
05- Warbe
06- Samba Geladio
07- Sina Mory
08- 56
09- Fantasy
10- Machengoidi
11- Kala Djula

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org

You too can search for evidence the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the Lord and Master of the Universe  
http://setiathome.berkeley.edu