
Large Scale NATO Exercise - Airspace Closed Down



p r o u d l y  b r o u g h t  t o  y o u  b y


                      oooo                  ooooooooooo ooooooooooo ooooooooooo 
oo oooooo  oooo   oooo 888ooooo     ooooooo 888    888  888    888  888    888  
 888    888 888   888  888    888   ooooo888      888         888         888   
 888         888 888   888    888 888    888     888         888         888    
o888o          8888   o888ooo88    88ooo88 8o   888         888         888     
            o8o888                                                              



CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN


Language: English and German


12:02 GMT, April 13, 2010 BRILLIANT ARDENT is a large scale Air Force exercise to be 
hosted by Germany and directed by Commander Allied Air Command Izmir, Turkey. 
Air Forces from seven NATO members will participate in this NATO Response Force 
exercise from 12 to 22 April 2010. 

The Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Turkey and the USA will 
participate to Brilliant Ardent 2010 (BAT 10). Around 60 aircraft ranging from 
fighters, attack aircraft, helicopters, tanker and airborne early warning aircraft will 
operate from air bases located in Germany, the Czech Republic, France, Poland, and 
UK. In addition, tactical employment of Theatre Missile Defence and Ground Based 
Air Defence assets will be extensively exercised. 

The aim of the exercise is to validate nominated Air Forces to NATO Response Force 
15 (NRF), which starts July 2010. The exercise is also open to “non NRF” air units 
from NATO, as well as Partnership for Peace (PfP) nations. The exercise scenario is 
based around a UN mandated NATO-led Crisis Response Operation (CRO) in a 
fictitious geo-political setting, a scenario specifically designed for this exercise. The 
NRF concept provides the Alliance with a robust capability to meet the challenging 
security environment of the 21st century by providing a highly trained and agile 
force, at high readiness, able to deploy at short notice wherever and whenever 
directed to do so by the North Atlantic Council. 

A Media Day will be held at Laage Air Base, Germany, on Monday, 19 April 2010. 
The Media Day programme will include a News Conference, a guided tour of Laage 
Air Base also including a static aircraft display, and finally, demonstration of taking 
off and landing of a/c by the Italian Air Force unit, deployed to Laage Air Base, 
protected by defence counter-air system.
 
A NATO Media Information Centre (NMIC) will be established at Laage Air Base, 
Germany, and will be operational from 12 to 22 April 2010. It will serve as a central 
coordination hub for the real life media interface. 

Those media members wishing to cover the Media Day of Exercise Brilliant Ardent 
2010 (BAT 10) are kindly invited to contact the German Air Force Command’s Public 
Affairs Office and Allied Air Command Izmir PAO, well in advance, register, and 
report to Laage Air Base on the 19th April 2010, by 09.45 hrs at the latest. This 
invitation is also extended to the media members wishing to visit the German Air 
bases that participate in the Exercise BAT 10 throughout the entire exercise. 


CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN


April 17 (Bloomberg) -- European airlines canceled more than 77 percent of their flights today as 
most of the continent’s northern and central nations remained closed to air traffic because of 
volcanic ash. Accuweather predicted little change until April 22. 

No flights will operate out of the U.K. until at least 1 p.m. London time tomorrow, the National Air 
Traffic Service said today via e-mail. German airports will remain closed until 2 p.m. Berlin time, 
the DFS air traffic control agency said. The European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation, or 
Eurocontrol, expects about 5,000 flights across Europe today, compared with 22,000 on a “normal” 
Saturday, it said today in a statement. 

“Expect ongoing interruptions for the next four or five days,” Teitur Atlason, at the Icelandic 
meteorological office, said in a telephone interview today. “The eruption is still in full swing, and 
the volcano is spewing pretty dark ashes as high into the air as 5 to 6 kilometers.” 
Flights were grounded after April 14 when an eruption at the Eyjafjallajökull volcano spewed dust 
across thousands of miles of European airspace, closing terminals from Dublin to Moscow. The 
direction of winds high in the atmosphere mean the disruption may go on for the next few days. 
‘No Signs of Change’ 

“The jet stream winds, which extend from 10,000 feet up to 40,000 feet, show no signs of change 
through Wednesday,” Accuweather said in a statement. “Any ash plume that is released from the 
Eyjafjall volcano in Iceland will continue to threaten northern Europe and the British isles.” 


CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN


According to a United States Air Forces in Europe news 
story, participation by U.S. Air Forces in Europe units 
directly aligns with the command key mission areas of 
providing forces for global operations and building 
partnership. 


CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN


What a coincidence as well, our defense minister actually is atm 
in Turkey, after his Afghanistan visit. 
It is reported he also won't travel back by plane.


CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN


What is going on in the skies over Europe? Here in Switzerland there aren't any ashes from Iceland 
and yet airspace over Switzerland has been shut down completely. This has never ever happened before
here. There have been many volcano eruptions in Europe in the past decades, especially in Italy, but
airspace has never been shut down over Switzerland. We even had sand on our cars from storms in the
Sahara Desert in the past decades. Sand hurts the engines of airplanes much more than ashes, and yet 
airspace was never closed down because of desert storms. Something is fishy here. I don't know what 
it is, but something is going on here...

If you watch the videos about the volcanic eruption in Iceland included in this torrent, then
you can clearly see that there is no real volcano there, but just a glowing hole in the ground
releasing rather insignificant amounts of ashes. Shutting down airspace over Iceland would have
been reasonable, but shutting down airspace all over Europe because of that glowing hole is
simply ridiculous. 

Now, could this Icelandic hole have been created by HAARP? Possibly, but rather unlikely. As
far as we know, there was no earthquake in Iceland, and triggering a volcanic eruption without
an earthquake seems unlikely. On the other hand, that hole being so small it could well have
been caused by conventional explosives. In Iceland there is a special geological structure,
molten lava is very close to the surface there. It doesn't take much to open up that surface
in order to release some lava and ashes.

As you may know, global warming is a huge hoax, and now the very same type of scientists tell
us that there is a new threat, not global warming, but global ashes. It seems that the Illuminati
simply have to create one terror after the other to prevent people from developing spiritually
by distracting them with external events, and to control them with fear.

Perhaps there is a connection with chemtrails. It is amazing what a clear blue sky we had today 
over Switzerland. I haven't seen this in along time. Perhaps they wanted that clear blue sky over
Europe to have a kind of reference-sky. If you want to see how effective chemtrails are, then
you need a reference to compare it to. That's a basic science-principle.

On the other hand, perhaps the Freemasons wanted to perform a magick ritual and they
needed that clear sky to perform it properly. Or perhaps it simply because NATO is preparing
an attack against Iran and they had to clear the sky to prevent any interference with
civilian air traffic. Perhaps NATO simply needed a clear sky to make their surveillance and radar
systems work properly.

As you can see, there are many options. It's up to you now to question authority and think
for yourself. Perhaps I'm all wrong. Perhaps the media are telling the truth for once. This is
highly unlikely, but not impossible.

Air traffic over Europe is also interesting. There are airplanes up there that shouldn't
be there. Included in this torrent is a realtime map of air traffic over Europe. Considering
the shut down of airspace not one single airplane should be on that map, but there are many.


CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN NEWS CONCEN
