Jando started his survey of Haydn's piano sonatas back in 1992 with the late sonatas (Vol.1), and worked his way back in time. This complete edition is in reverse order: CD 1 contains the earliest sonatas etc. (a review of these earliest works you can find here: http://www.classicstoday.com/review.asp?ReviewNum=2933). This cycle stands for me still as the finest around. Other pianists may bring the same technical skills and finesse to these works, but not the deep understanding and rapport Jandó has, the love and feeling he invests each piece with (as always: imho).

Here is Mike Birman's perceptive review in Audiophile Audition (January 2009):

'Listening to Haydn’s 52 surviving piano sonatas one apprehends his slow and steady development as a composer. His growth does not mimic the electrifying rapidity of Mozart’s spectacular development from childhood nor Beethoven’s revolutionary caution-to-the-winds explosive artistic upheaval. It is characteristic of Haydn that he will first completely inhabit a genre before ultimately making it his own. Only then are we treated to increasing evidence of his mastery of the medium with each incremental discovery of its latent possibilities. Haydn cautiously offers us improvements and creative alternatives in each work, steadily moving the genre forward in stages until he finally reveals some fresh artistic paradigm or technical enhancement. Like a newly discovered country whose borders are suddenly visible Haydn offers us a rich new musical destination…This splendid 10 CD box set of all 52 attributed piano sonatas relies on Christa Landon’s Vienna Urtext Edition.

…Jeno Jando plays the early sonatas with an eye to the Baroque keyboard style. His phrasing is steady, his rhythm motoric, with terse musical sentences and dynamic forward movement leading to well-defined musical structures. Each piece is crisply outlined: his energetic playing creating drama when it is needed, a quiet sense of repose where drama is inappropriate. Jando is every inch the professional, his years of experience and his muscular playing fill these early Haydn works with vivacious life.

…Jando plays this and all of the subsequent sonatas with a refined sense of drama, greater tension in the music’s rhetorical framework, and a questing, probing musical style that facilitates the search for meaning concealed amongst this music’s many mysteries. Both meaning and mysteries remain forever elusive, artfully camouflaged behind Haydn’s often blithe and cheerful mask. Nevertheless, Jando engages in a musical struggle with the evanescent forces permeating this music. The future of the piano sonata is glimpsed in these late works; especially when we listen to Haydn’s final three sonatas—composed in 1794-95—where we can sense the shades of Beethoven and even Chopin hovering close by. Jando clearly has the measure of these works, playing them after years of close study yet always making them sound fresh and new. He manages to make Haydn’s decades of musical development sound as if they were simply extensions of his fingers. Jeno Jando brings the music to life, often making it feel improvisatory. It is a tour-de-force of pianism and is strongly recommended.

The sound of these discs is uniformly excellent with the Naxos engineers providing a rich, full tone to the piano. They avoid the dryness and close-miking that often accompanies piano recordings, allowing a natural bloom to envelop the instrument and surrounding it with a softly resonant space. The ear never tires as it is gently massaged by this acoustic warmth.'


dBpoweramp 13.2 Reference, ultrasecure
flac, cue, log, scans

Enjoy!