Bill Evans Trio - Live in Buenos Aires Vol 2 - The 1979 Concert 
Year: 1979
Label: Yellow Note
Quality: flac + cue

Bill's last concert in Argentina after the wonderfull 1973!. This time with his last and wonderfull trio. He visited several cities such as Rosari, San Nicolás and Buenos Aires.  This is the concert recorded  here at Teatro San Martín.  (Teatro Municipal General San Martin, Buenos Aires, Argentina, September 27, 1979)

About Bill's Life and works:
US born jazz pianist Bill Evans' impressionist style became the blueprint for jazz musicians to follow, and his work has been cited as an influence on Herbie Hancock, Pat Metheny, Chick Corea and many more. His classic "Peace Piece" is suggestive of new age pianists such as George Winston.

Evans was taught classical piano by his mother, also picking up the violin and flute. He went on to study music at University, going to New York in the 50s, where he played the club circuit. His reputation spread and he eventually recorded on the albums of a number of established artists including Charles Mingus. Keen to do his own thing he released his debut in 1956, which featured his best known track "Waltz For Debby". He spent time with The Miles Davis Sextet during which, the pair worked on some ideas - the result, Kind of Blue, has become the best selling acoustic jazz album and features, some suggest, Evans' best performance.

His second album as leader was the highly praised Everybody Digs Bill Evans. Soon after came his most famous group, the Bill Evans Trio, along with Scott Lafaro and Paul Motian. Their great but brief run included Portrait in Jazz, Explorations, and one of the more renowned live jazz albums ever, Complete Village Vanguard Recordings 1961; however, Lafaro was killed in an accident just 10 days after this concert, an event which affected Evans deeply. It was many months before he worked again. Despite further Trio work, with other members, Evans has described the original incarnation as the best. Evans tried working in other formats, including the use of recording techniques to allow him to play different parts of piece simultaneously, which can be heard on the acclaimed Conversations with Myself series, he also recorded with other artists such as saxophonist Stan Getz.

Evans' health gave way in 1980, aggravated by a long term drug addiction. He left behind an extensive back catalogue of highly praised work, including The Bill Evans Album which won two Grammys. The Grammy committee honoured him again with a posthumously awarded Lifetime Achievement Award.

Personnel:
Bill Evans (Piano),
Marc Johnson (Bass),
Joe La Barber (Drums)

Bill Evans Trio - Live in Buenos Aires Vol 2 - The 1979 Concert Tracks:
01  Stella By Starlight  
02  Laurie (Gary's Theme)  
03  Theme From M*A*S*H  
04  Turn Out The Stars (We Will Meet Again)  
05  I Do It For Your Love (Letter To Evan)  
06  My Romance  
07  Letter To Evan (Noelle's Theme)  
08  I Loves You, Porgy (I Loves Your Porgy)  
09  Up With The Lark  
10  Minha  