TE 2009 PRESENTS                  
                                                        
                                              
              ANOTHER FINE RELEASE         
                                                    

    Release: Auction Auto Bidder v6.1.649 (c) 2009 Sacha Crompton

    Date: 12/12/2009

    Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

    Release Type:
      [ ] Registration/Serial Crack
      [ ] Activation Crack
      [ ] Trial Crack
      [X] Server Check Crack
      [ ] Serial
      [ ] Hidden/Added Features Enabler
      [ ] Other

      [ ] Loader Patcher      [ ] Patch      [X] Precracked      [ ] RegFile
      [ ] Keygen

                                                      
                                                              
                                      
                RELEASE NOTES            
                                                   
                                                               
                                                             
                                                                        

        Auction Auto Bidder is now better than ever With Version 5.0!

        Auction Auto Bidder 4.1 was already by far the most sold sniper
        software on eBay, now version 5.0 adds a ton of features to an
        already superior software!

        What's new in 5.0?

         Bid group support (group several auctions of an item you want,
          and the software will automatically attempt to win one after
          the other in the group until one of them is won at your maximum
          bid or less, and then cancels the bids on the other items in
          the group, this prevents you from having to wait and see if you
          are outbid and then find another item) 
         Built in tabbed web browser (open multiple web pages and switch
          between them in a single click)
         Favorites menu allows you to add your favorite pages such as
          searches, sellers, or any other webpage 
         New easier to use interactive items list with one click access
          to all options 
         Powerful list filter option allows you to apply one or more
          filters too see only the items you want 
         Fully supports using international eBay websites 
         Ability to leave notes for items 
         Three view modes (list & browser, list only, browser only) 
         Auto Scroll (automatically scrolls down pages and goes to next
          result pages to allow hands free browsing) 
         Now detects when "Place Bid" button is pressed on auction page
          and the program opens the bid dialog 
         Auto sign in now works on ebay.co.uk and other international
          English eBay websites 
         Displays lock sign in status bar when displayed webpage is over
          a secure connection 
         Ability to bid as little as 1 second before the end 
         "Frequently Asked Questions" added to Help menu 


        What's the catch? Why is this superior software being sold for
        about the same price as the competition?

        There's no catch, the fact that Auction Auto Bidder is by far the
        most sold sniper on eBay is what allows this superior software to
        be sold for such a low price! But this low price may not stay
        forever, depending on the success of this new version, the price
        may be increased.

        No hidden fees or monthly costs, only a one time purchase price.
        Guaranteed to not contain any spyware and adware.

        1822 registered users, most of the many suggestions they sent are
        now part of Auction Auto Bidder! Keep sending your suggestions,
        they are what made Auction Auto Bidder the best auction sniper
        software! Most sales come from users recommending it to friends!

        Free automatic updates for life!

        Contact me for a FREE DEMO and see for yourself why Auction Auto
        Bidder is the best, you will then need to come back to this
        auction page when you are ready to purchase the software.


        Why snipe (bid in the last seconds) rather than use eBay's
        proxy-bidding?

         Win items at a lower cost since no one will have time to outbid
          you, if you bid a long time before the end, eBay will email the
          previous high bidder to let them know they've been outbid so
          they will most likely come back and outbid you causing the
          price to increase, this software prevents this and often pays
          for itself on the first use 
         Increase your chances of winning since people wont have time to
          outbid you 
         You can decide to remove your bid up to the last minute since
          it is only sent to eBay in the last seconds

        Also works as a fully featured web browser optimized to make
        browsing eBay faster & easier.

        Very easy to use
        Auction Auto Bidder is so simple to use that anyone, including
        novice computer users can be using it within minutes without even
        having to read instructions, thanks to the user friendly
        interface and wizards which make installing and setting up a
        snipe as simple as entering your maximum bid! Auction Auto Bidder
        will automatically retrieve the item details and do the rest. 


        Features

         Supports an unlimited number of eBay accounts (purchase price
          allows up to 4 users in the same household) 
         Use it on any computer without ever needing a registration code 
         Will know that your copy is registered even if you get a new
          computer 
         Supports sniping, normal bidding, buy it now, watching and
          browsing eBay all in one convenient interface 
         Smart error detection will automatically retry the snipe up to
          5 times if it fails for any reason, insuring maximum
          reliability 
         Very simple to use, just click the add auction button while and
          auction page is displayed then enter your maximum bid 
         Auction details (title, time left, current bid, etc.) will be
          automatically retrieved from eBay 
         Support for multiple item listings as well as "Buy It Now"
          items 
         Stays synchronized with eBay and refreshes on specified
          interval, works independently from your system clock, so it
          bids on time even if your system clock is incorrect. 
         When an item is ending in less than 5 minutes, the program will
          refresh the details more often and ignore all items ending in
          more than 5 minutes to ensure all resources are available to
          bid on time 
         Built in search box to search eBay items from any page 
         Works as a fully functional web browser, browse the web while
          monitoring your auctions 
         Automatically signs in for you whenever eBay requests it 
         Can be minimized to the system tray 


        You also get:

         Free automatic updates 
         Free technical support by email


        System requirements:

         Windows 98, NT, 2000, Me, XP 
         Internet connection


        What's new in version 6.1 build 649:

        -Corrects auto sign in
        -Corrects missing bid information
        -Corrects incorrect time left/feedback in browser information bar
         when browsing ebay item pages



        For More Information On Auction Auto Bidder Visit:
        http://auctionautobidder.com/



                      TE Release Filename: te-ab649.zip

                                                      
                                                              
                                      
              INSTALLATION NOTES         
                                                   
                                                               
                                                             
                                                                        

        Install autobid_setup.exe.  After install copy precracked exe
        from the Crack folder into Auction Auto Bidder's installed
        folder, making sure to overwrite the existing file.  You now have
        a fully registered version of Auction Auto Bidder!

        Thats it!  Enjoy.

                                                         
                                      
                                          
              T E   2 0 0 9        
                              
                             
                  ascii             
           by mx    
                                                     
                          
                     Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code