[img]http://www.any-video-converter.com/images/adc-left.jpg[/img]

Convert video between different formats

Convert all kinds of video formats, including MOV, M2TS, OGM, RMVB, RM, WMV, QT, FLV, MOD, TS, TP, DVR-MS, Divx, etc.
to AVI, WMV, MP4, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, FLV, SWF, MKV, 3GP and 3G2 for all kinds of portable media players and mobile phones

Rip DVD and DVD folder to video formats
Rip DVD to iPod, DVD to MP4, DVD to AVI, etc. DVD disc and DVD folder are supported.
The DVD Ripper rips DVD to AVI, WMV, MP4, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, FLV, SWF, MKV, 3GP and 3G2 for portable media players and mobile phones are available.
Smart DVD structure analyzing feature helps to rip copy protected DVD movies directly. Chapter, audio language, subtitle and angle options are
available. Rip DVD into a single file or sperate files by titles.

Built-invideo downloader andvideo converter
Paste URL links of your favoritevideos to the program, download to your hard drive and convert to video formats you need.
Downloading only or downloading and converting are available.login feature is also built-in.

Additional online video sharing site support
Besides, the program can download and convert videos from Google Video and Japanese NicoVideo.

Merge multiple files into one
Despite the formats of the videos, you can merge multiple video files into a singe long video.

Clip any segments as you like
Help you to clip multiple segments in a video or in a DVD movie by setting start point and end point as you like.
Or trim a section of the video or DVD movie by setting start time and end time.

Crop frame size to remove black bars
Crop frame size to remove black bars and retain what you want only.
You can either use intuitive drag-and-drop cropping window or set crop area size, left margin and top margin to achieve the goal.

Personalize your video with special effects
Adjust the brightness, contrast, satuation, rotate or flip your video, add artistic effects like noise or
sharpen to make your video different and special.

Add your own subtitle to output video
Prepare a .srt subtitle with your own dialogue and embed it into output video, set encoding, position, size and font for your own subtitle.
