. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                Wonders.Of.The.Solar.System.S01E01.HDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.03.12
              Genre...........: Documentary

       1/5 - Empire of the Sun
       Professor Brian Cox visits some of the most stunning locations on 
       earth to describe how the laws of nature have carved natural 
       wonders across the solar system.
       
       In this first episode Brian explores the powerhouse of them all, 
       the sun. In India he witnesses a total solar eclipse - when the 
       link to the light and heat that sustains us is cut off for a few 
       precious minutes.
       
       But heat and light are not the only power of the sun over the 
       solar system. In Norway, Brian watches the battle between the 
       sun's wind and earth, as the night sky glows with the northern 
       lights.
       
       Beyond earth, the solar wind continues, creating dazzling aurora 
       on other planets. Brian makes contact with Voyager, a probe that 
       has been travelling since its launch 30 years ago. Now 14 billion 
       kilometres away, Voyager has just detected the solar wind is 
       beginning to peter out. But even here we haven't reached the end 
       of the sun's rule.
       
       Brian explains how its greatest power, gravity, reaches out for 
       hundreds of billions of kilometres, where the lightest 
       gravitational touch encircles our solar system in a mysterious 
       cloud of comets.


                           Enjoy with AC3 5.1 audio!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai