PROUDLY PRESENTS

                   D16.Group.Nithonat.VSTi.v1.4.0.Incl.Keygen 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : KEYFiLE      
                            SIZE ......: 02 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.d16.pl 

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   Nithonat is a fully synthesized drum machine based on the classic 606.  The 
   unique sound of this machine has  been used by many artists over  the years 
   in the production of Electro, Hip-Hop and R n B.  
             
   The original 606  has been perfectly  emulated. However, since  Nithonat is 
   software  based,  D16  were  able  to  enhance  the  original  with   extra 
   functionality.  
             
   Full control over the sound 
             
   On the original 606, the only editable sound parameter was volume. D16 have 
   added to  the original  and as  a result,  Nithonat is  equipped with extra 
   controls  which  allow each  sound  to be  shaped  in ways  which  were not 
   possible in the original machine.  
             
   A whole  spectrum of  sounds is  now at  you fingertips   rumbling  kicks, 
   rustling snares and completely synthesized and unnatural sounding toms  and 
   hi-hats.  
             
   For the  first time  since the  80s, it  is now  possible to  hear what the 
   analogue synthesis of the 606 is truly capable off!  
             
   One of a kind 
             
   Nithonat  was designed  completely from  the ground  up. Its  synthesis is 
   special    even  when  compared to  Nephetons.  It  has  very unique  and 
   characteristic  hi-hat and  cymbal sounds  which are  due to  the emulated 
   structure of the circuits in  the original. The bass drum  has unparalleled 
   attack character and strong punch. The snare sounds sandy.  
             
   These unique attributes  guarantee that our  606 is not  a sub-standard 808 
   but is  a great  instrument with  a unique  timbre which  will bring an old 
   school feel to any track it is used on.  
             
   New dimension of creativity 
             
   Nithonat has  a powerful  built-in internal  sequencer. The  tracks can  be 
   edited in a  very simple and  intuitive way and  modified with many  useful 
   functions. The clear GUI means that sequencer is very easy to use.  
             
   In addition to having many  internal sequencer modes, Nithonat can  also be 
   used as a  sound module. All  sounds and functions  within Nithonat can  be 
   controlled from a host sequencer.  
             
   Experimenting with  Nithonat can  give interesting  and unexpected results. 
   Operation of  Nithonat is  very similar  to Drumazon  and Nepheton  having 
   knowledge of  these will  mean that  using Nithonat  will not  require much 
   manual reading!  
             
   Good choice 
             
   For a fraction of the price  of Drumazon and Nepheton, Nithonat provides  a 
   drum  machine  which  has  as many  editing  tools  as  its more  expensive 
   siblings.  
             
   We believe that we  have created a powerful  drum machine at an  affordable 
   price which is quick to program and very easy to use.  
             
   Another D16 classic!  
             
             
   Full Features: 
             
             
   fully synthesized drum sounds  
             
   additional parameters to get yet more control over the sound  
             
   many ways of controlling the device:  
             
   external mode (notes triggering the sounds)  
             
   internal sequencer (pattern mode)  
             
   internal sequencer:  
             
   8 banks with 12 patterns per bank  
             
   each pattern up to 16 steps of length  
             
   each pattern defined with one of four available measures  
             
   shuffle mode  
             
   trigger out  
             
   global accent track  
             
   tap mode  
             
   chain mode  
             
   shuffle (swing) and tempo values defined per pattern  
             
   built in randomizer  
             
   patterns import/export via human readable xml files  
             
   two modes of synchronization:  
             
   precise synchronization to the host tempo  
             
   synchronization to internal  clock - tempo  controlled in the  range 30-300 
   BPM (+-0.1)  
             
   mutes/solos for each instrument (affect triggerring not just the signal)  
             
   dynamic signal routing from instruments to outputs  
             
   drum kits organised into groups  
             
   midi learn function  
             
   64bit internal processing  
             
             
             
   Changes in v1.4.0 
             
             
   fixed issue with preset name keyboard focus  
             
   fixed hanging GUI issue during simultaneous work with other d16 plugins  
             
   fixed issue with loading/saving current pattern 


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Use Keygen to create your Nithonat.key 
                     and copy it into installation folder 
                            
                  3) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009