File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:34

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 5020 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.10 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps



This video has no logos or titles.


"Who Owns My Heart" is a song performed by American singer-songwriter Miley Cyrus. The song was written by Cyrus, Antonina Armato, Tim James, and Devrim Karaoglu and produced by Armato and James. It was released on October 22, 2010 by Hollywood Records, exclusively to European countries, as the second single from Cyrus' third studio album, Can't Be Tamed. The writing group composed the track about the feelings a club's environment can lead one to believe. "Who Owns My Heart" is musically club-oriented and driven by synths. Lyrically, the song questions speaks of meeting a potential love interest at a club.

"Who Owns My Heart" has garnered mixed reception from contemporary critics. Some critics argued it was dull and faceless, while other deemed it one of the best tracks on Can't Be Tamed. The song charted in the top ten of the Belgian Tip Singles Chart. A corresponding music video for "Who Owns My Heart" was directed by Robert Hales. It follows Cyrus throughout preparing herself for, arriving, and dancing at a mansion party. The video received criticism from the Parents Television Council (PTC) for its sexual elements. Cyrus will promote the song with a forthcoming promotional tour in Europe.

A music video for "Who Owns My Heart" was directed by Robert Hales, who previously directed the video for "Can't Be Tamed", and filmed on August 6 and 7, 2010 in Detroit, Michigan. The video commences Cyrus asleep, blindfolded on a mattress in a bedroom. She awakens and writhes on the mattress. Following, Cyrus proceeds to a bathroom, her attire is composed of a white tank top, white boy shorts, a fishnet hair wrap, rollers, and heavy metal jewelry. While in the bathroom scenes, Cyrus sings as she sits on the edge on a bathtub and prepares herself for an upcoming party. With the arrival of the song's refrains, Cyrus appears writhing in the backseat of a limousine, costumed in a low-cut gold halter top, black hots pants, a black jacket with shoulder pads, and big hair. Once arrived at the mansion party, she is first seen dancing atop a big, wooden table. In the continuation of the video, Cyrus grinds with multiple people on the dance floor. Cut-scenes feature Cyrus in all prior scenes or dancing provocatively with others in the mansion's study. The video concludes with Cyrus back in her bedroom, once again waking up.

The video for "Who Owns My Heart" was premiered in MSN Spain on October 7, 2010. Jocelyn Vena of MTV News said, "There comes a time in every pop princess' career when she must throw a sexy dance party and proclaim her womanhood. Back in 2001 Britney Spears did as much in 'I'm a Slave 4 U,' and this week, Miley Cyrus is doing the same in the video for her club-ready track 'Who Owns My Heart.'" Tanner Stransky of Entertainment Weekly assumed the theme of the video were the divergent hairstyles, but acclaimed the video for its fun. Stransky said the sultry aspect of the video added to its frothy, "thumpa-thumpa deliciousness". Edith Zimmerman of New York magazine viewed it as "awkward". Megan Vick of Billboard thought the video followed the same steps as the video for "Can't Be Tamed" — dark lighting, lots of bare Cyrus parts and writhing around on flat surfaces. Vick recalled Amy Winehouse's "Rehab" video when seeing the bathroom scene and viewed the ending as a relief. Tim Winter, president of the Parents Television Council (PTC), criticized the video for its suggestiveness and sexual elements. Winter continued, "It is unfortunate that she would participate in such a sexualized video like this one. It sends messages to her fanbase that are diametrically opposed to everything she has done up to this point. Miley built her fame and fortune entirely on the backs of young girls, and it saddens us that she seems so eager to distance herself from that fanbase so rapidly."

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/