Glowsun is a music band created in 1997 in Lille and its surroundings, north of France. At the beginning, the line-up is Johan Jaccob / guitar, Mickael Duhem / bass, Yann Duvivier / drums. In december 99, a first demo called « Inside the sun » is issued and is limited to an edition of 50. The band starts to play in festivals and gives little concerts in the north of France and in Belgium. In 2003, during the coming out of the second demo « Escape from hell », the drummer Yann Duvivier leaves the band. 

Johan decides to create an instrumental project named Kallima, with Mickael and Fabrice Cornille (drummer of the band Attack of the Mutant Camels). Kallima and Attack of the Mutant Camels are even sometimes together in the same show... In September 2003, Mickael wants to have a break and intends to devote himself to personal plans. But Johan and Fabrice keep on playing together. 

In the year 2004, Johan and Fabrice think about setting up Glowsun again. The real line-up will be completed by Ronan Chiron (ex-guitarist of Attack of the Mutant Camels) who then becomes the bass player. It's time for a new Glowsun. At the end of the year 2005, Glowsun records his third demo « Lost love » on Electrikbox. Then the band will give 50 shows within two years, in particular in the Underground Festival in Geneva (Switzerland) and in the Buzzfest (Belgium). Since « Lost love », Glowsun have had the support of several press articles (in Versus Magazine, Presto, Desert-Rock, Fenec) and many radio broadcastings (La Grosse Radio, Radio Campus, Tundra Trash Radio, Stone Edge Radioshow)... 

Since the beginning of 2008, the band has already spent a long time recording and mastering what would be their first album. Olivier from Electrikbox is chosen again for the work. And it's actually Buzzville Records who really signs Glowsun. This first album is finally named « The Sundering ». The lyrics are about man's large unsuitability for his own environment. During 2008, Glowsun keeps on playing, in particular in the festival Rock en Stock (France) with bands like Punish Yourself, Mass Hysteria, Nashville Pussy and in the YellowStock (Belgium) with The Machine, Hypnos69, My Sleeping Karma.

Glowsun represents sunlight before its own extinction and the end of mankind.

Current lineup
Johan Jaccob: guitar / vocals 
Ronan Chiron: bass 
Fabrice Cornille: drums

Review
France. They've brought us baguettes, croissants and guys like me, who act as if they can speak the language, some pussy here and there (Monsieur de la Boulanger if you're reading this, which I doubt, I didn't understand your daughter when she said she was only seventeen, I only know the number soixant-neuf in French, I'm sorry ok?). Musically they also brought us some good stuff. In that pile of good stuff I'm talking about, Glowsun is the best I've heard so far.

If you enjoy stoner, like I do, you'll love these guys. Are they original and do they define the genre in a new way never heard before? Hell no! They're just really good at making Stoner Rock! I'm talking nineties here, I'm talking Kyuss and early QOTSA here! Not a whole lot of vocals, but just enough to make sure it isn't an instrumental album. Good drumming and great, great guitars. If you picture a guitar sound when thinking of Stoner Rock, this is it! It's hard as hell, it's mushy like it should be and the man found his way to a wah pedal and knows how to use this fine commodity!

The album starts of with an easy song that gets thrashed with harder intervals and some good guitarwork! Highlight of this album is the 7+ minutes song 'Inside My Head'. In this song Glowsun goes all out and plays a lot of great riffs. This song never gets boring, believe me I tried...I listened to it over and over, but it just doesn't. This might be one of the better albums made in Europe this year.

So ladies and gentledudes, go check this band out, but be careful...You might like it!

Genre = Stoner Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
1. Virus
2. The End
3. My Jesus
4. No Way
5. Green Sun. Sick World
6. Barbarella
7. Inside My Head
8. The Heads
9. Need 