
	
Season 7, Episode 5: Revisions

On a planet with an extremely toxic atmosphere, there exists a bubble within which 

exists a livable atmosphere. Inside the bubble lies a seemingly less advanced 

society of humans. They reveal to SG-1 that they once were highly industrialized 

and poisoned the air. They voluntarily simplified their lives and constructed the 

barrier to keep out the bad air. They also show SG-1 their "link", a neural 

interface that gives them access to all their computer records, including history, 

science, etc. When one of the citizens disappears in the night and the entire 

population forgets she existed, SG-1 begins to think things are not what they 

appear to be.
	

Season 7, Episode 6: Lifeboat

While investigating a crashed ship, SG-1 finds hundreds of inhabited stasis pods. 

While doing a thorough count, they are all knocked unconscious by an alien force. 
When Teal'c wakes Dr. Jackson, Daniel is terrified of him. Upon returning to the 

SGC, Daniel insists upon getting back to the ship and appears to not know where he 

is nor who anyone else is.
	


Season 7, Episode 7: Enemy Mine

At a hopeful mining outpost for Naquadah a member of the survey team is kidnapped 

by an unknown foe. Based on mining artifacts, Daniel speculates that the creature 

may have been an Unas. When Teal'c finds the missing man as part of a collection 

of corpses warning others away from the area, their suspicions appear to be 

confirmed. Daniel brings Chaka to the planet to help negotiate with the leader of 

the tribe of Unas.
	


Season 7, Episode 8: Space Race

The captain of the Serrakin prisoner transport ship Cerberus seeks Major Carter's 

help in winning a race and offers in exchange full access to their ion engine 

technology. He further explains that it is not through official channels and that 

they will only learn what they pick up by helping him tune up his ship. Sam agrees 

to help and insists upon running the race with him. However, the competition for 

this race is steep and there is no telling whether the team will be able to 

surpass their rivals.