Tintin - All Episodes

Season Plots

Episode 1 - Tintin In America
Tintin is covering a story about the gangster in 1930's Chicago. And what better way to do that then going there?

Episode 2 - Cigars Of The Pharaoh
Tintin finds himself by chance entangled in a drug traffickers ring, which will take him all the way to India. Tintin's plane crashes in India. Here he finds Sarcophagus who is effected by Rajaijah juice, poison of madness. He meets the Maharaj of Gaipajama whose family has been fighting the opium business. With the Maharaja's aid and by his presence of mind, Tintin captures the whole gang and stops the Opium business in those areas.

Episode 3 - The Blue Lotus
After the adventure of The Cigars of the Pharaoh, while Tintin spends some time with Maharaja of Gaipajama, a messanger comes from Shanghai, and before he could deliver his message, he gets effected by Rajaijah juice, the poison of madness. Only thing Tintin could get out of him is the name of the person, Mitsuhirato, who sent this messanger. Tintin leaves at once for Shanghai and there he meets Mr. Mitsuhirato. Mitsuhirato tells Tintin to go back to India because the Maharaja is in danger.

Episode 4 - Tintin And The Broken Ear
In this adventure, Tintin goes to a jungle in San Theodoros, South America to find an Arumbaya Fetish which has been stolen from a Museum. Two other people, Ramon and Alonso are also after the Fetish because they know that a diamond is hidden in it. Tintin gets stuck in a revolution in San Theodoros but manages to escape from there.Eventually, he arrives at the village of the Arumbayas and finds the long-lost explorer Ridgewell, who is believed to be dead for many years. Ridgewell tells him the story of the fetish, which is how Tintin gets to know about the diamond. On his way out of the jungle, Tintin runs into Alonso and Ramon who try to kill him. They get into a fight; the fetish breaks and the diamond falls in the water. Tintin retrieves the fetish from his current owner and takes it back to the museum.

Episode 5 - The Black Island
It all starts when Tintin tries to help a plane in trouble. The pilots shoot at him and run away. Tintin is hospitalized but starts his investigations as soon as he feels a little better. One day, Pushchov, who is the leader of a gang of forgerers and the person behind the plane incident, recognizes Tintin at a train station. Be boards the same train to try to get Tintin arrested for assault and burglary.Tintin follows Müller and Ivan to Kiltoch. In Kiltoch he gets to know about Black Island where everyone forbids him to go because they think there is a beast there. However, this does not keep Tintin away. He discovers that the Black Island is the forgerers' headquarters. He also discovers that the "Beast" is a huge ape called Ranko. On Tintin's notification, the police are able to apprehend the entire gang.

Episode 6 - King Ottokar's
SceptreTintin finds a briefcase at the Park and goes to return it to its owner, professor Alembick, who is a sigillographer. The professor is invited to Syldavia to study the royal seals. On Tintin's way out Tintin overhears his name in a conversation. Tintin follows one of the men and goes to a Syldavian restaurant where he overhears some more conversation concerning Professor Alembick's invitation to the Syldavia.

Episode 7 - The Crab With The Golden Claws
A mysterious label from an empty crab tin leads Tintin and Snowy to a dangerous encounter with a gang of ruthless smugglers.With a little help from detectives Thompson and Thompson, Tintin, Snowy and Captain Haddock attempt to bring an international smuggling operation to justice.

Episode 8 - The Shooting Star
The Shooting Star is a story of an adventure to investigate a meteorite which falls toward earth. Tintin and a group of scientists sail out to the Arctic Ocean, where the meteorite falls, in the ship called Aurora with Captain Haddock. A separate expedition called Peary, financed by San Rico bank, also takes the same voyage, but their intention is to stop Aurora at any cost to get to the meteorite first. In this Adventure Tintin helps the scientists of Aurora by stopping the sabotages planned by Peary; get to the meteorite first to fly the flag and get a piece of the meteorite to the scientists.

Episode 9 - The Secret Of The Unicorn
An innocent looking antique model of an old sailing ship reveals a secret that could lead Tintin and Snowy to an ancient treasure.Tintin is not the only one who knows the secret of the parchment hidden inside the ship's mast. The Byrd Brothers, antique dealers, also find a copy of the model ship Unicorn in their basement. They also start looking for the other two parchments, and they are not really the friendly kind. When their agent, Barnaby, tries to warn Tintin about the Byrd Brothers they try to kill him and also kidnap Tintin to find out about the parchments that they are missing. At last the parchments are recovered and the mystery solved.

Episode 10 - Red Rackham's Treasure
Tintin, Captain Haddock, Professor Calculus and Thomsom and Thompson go for a treasure hunt in this episode. At end of the book finally they find the treasure and Captain buys back his family estate Marlinspike Hall with help from Professor Calculus.

Episode 11 - The Seven Crystal Balls
Tintin investigates the mysterious illness that coincidentally falls upon all seven members of a South American expedition.Tintin and captain Haddock discover that Professor Calculus has been kidnapped.

Episode 12 - Prisoners Of The Sun
Tintin and the Captain travel to Peru in search of Professor Calculus.In search for the prisoners and Professor Calculus, Tintin and Captain Haddock head for the Temple of the Sun

Episode 13 - Land Of Black Gold
Tintin goes undercover to the Middle East to solve a mysterious oil crisis. While trying to solve a mysterious oil crisis, Tintin uncovers a diabolical plot to start a world war.

Episode 14 - Destination Moon
After receiving a telegram from Professor Calculus, Tintin and Captain Haddock travel to meet him at the atomic centre in Syldavia. They soon discover that the secret rocket ship documents have been stolen. Tintin and Captain Haddock have been asked to be part of the expedition to the moon. As they help Professor Calculus prepare for the launch, Tintin persists in finding the internal spy.

Episode 15 - Explorers On The Moon
Tintin, Captain Haddock, Professor Calculus and Wolff blast off to the moon. They soon discover that the Thompsons have somehow slipped on board.

Episode 16 - The Calculus Affair
Strange events at Marlin Spike Hall and the kidnapping of Professor Calculus send Tintin, Snowy and Captain Haddock on a dangerous rescue mission.

Episode 17 - The Red Sea Sharks
Tintin and Captain Haddock travel to Khemed to rescue the Emir from the danger of arms smugglers who have overthrown his government.Tintin and Captain Haddock try to stop a terrible refugee smuggling ring and end up trapped with the other prisoners out at sea.

Episode 18 - Tintin In Tibet
Tintin, Snowy, Captain Haddock and Professor Calculus are taking it easy on a vacation. Tintin receives a letter from Chang saying that he will be going to Kathmandu to visit his foster-uncle, and the next day, Tintin reads about a 'plane crash; the 'plane he is sure Chang boarded. He and Captain Haddock immediately leave for Tibet via India, for the crash site. The sherpas escorting them abandon the party out of fear for the Abominable Snowman, the Yeti, all except Tharkey.

Episode 19 - The Castafiore Emerald
When Captain Haddock injures himself, he receives a surprise visit from Bianca Castafiore. When Bianca Castafiore prized jewel disappears, Tintin secretly investigates the situation.

Episode 20 - Flight 714
While trying to rescue a kidnapped millionaire, Tintin receives help from an unlikely source.

Episode 21 - Tintin And The Picaros
Tintin walks into a dangerous trap after three of his friends are falsely arrested in South America 