Pieta Brown is a contemporary singer and songwriter who blends folk, blues, country and rock. Her fusion of these genres has earned her critical acclaim. Her album Remember the Sun was named as one of the best albums of 2007 in The Wall Street Journal.

Audio CD (November 10, 2009) 
Original Release Date: November 10, 2009 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Red House 
ASIN: B002QF31Y4 


  1. I Know a Girl (feat. Pieta Brown: vocals & acoustic guitar ? Bo Ramsey: electric guitar) 4:02  
   2. Lovin' You Still (feat. Pieta Brown: vocals, acoustic guitar ? Bo Ramsey: electric guitar & harmony vocal ? Don Was: string bass) 3:16  
   3. Hey Joey (feat. Pieta Brown: vocals & acoustic guitar ? Don Was: string bass) 3:51  
   4. Over You (feat. Pieta Brown: vocals & acoustic guitar ? Bo Ramsey: electric guitar ? Don Was: string bass) 3:05   
   5. El Guero (feat. Pieta Brown: vocals & acoustic guitar) 2:40   
   6. Diamonds In the Sky (feat. Pieta Brown: vocals & acoustic guitar) 2:49  
   7. You're My Lover Now (feat. Pieta Brown: vocals, acoustic guitar ? Bo Ramsey: electric guitar & harmony vocal ? Don Was: string bass) 3:11 

Pieta Brown gets unplugged on her new EP, "Shimmer." This collection of 7 songs, running 22 minutes total, is a fine showcase for Brown's breathy voice (think Margo Timmins meets Rickie Lee Jones) and her strong (if still developing) songwriting skills. 

"Shimmer" is a quiet, mesmerizing experience. Without the trappings of full-on band production, her songs and voice come to the fore. "I Know A Girl" has a sweet sound, "Hey Joey" is kind of catchy, and "Diamonds in the Sky" is just fantastic. This EP definitely explores her folk/country side while choosing to ignore the occasional jazzy arrangements of her last full album, Remember the Sun. This is both good and bad. On the one hand, it focuses the sound into a more coherent experience. On the other, it lacks a little in variety and never showcases her full vocal talents. 

Overall, this is a fine reminder of how skilled Pieta Brown is, and will please those who are fans already, while hopefully bringing some new listeners into the fold.

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed 
