 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51497NM6Z7L._SS500_.jpg


Title: O Brother, Where Art Thou? [Original Soundtrack]
Artist: Various Artists
Audio CD (December 5, 2000) 
Original Release Date: December 5, 2000 
Number of Discs: 1 
Genre: Soundtrack 
Format: flac


Track Listing:

01. Po Lazarus - James Carter and The Prisoners
02. Big Rock Candy Mountain - Harry McClintock
03. You Are My Sunshine - Norman Blake
04. Down To The River To Pray - Alison Krauss
05. I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow (Radio Station Version) - The Soggy Bottom Boys
06. Hard Time Killing Floor Blues - Chris Thomas King
07. I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow (Instrumental Soundtrack Version (O Brother, Where Art Thou?)) - Norman Blake
08. Keep On The Sunny Side - The Whites
09. I'll Fly Away - Gillian Welch
10. Didn't Leave Nobody But The Baby - Emmylou Harris
11. In The Highways - The Peasall Sisters
12. I Am Weary (Let Me Rest) - The Cox Family
13. I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow (Instumental Soundtrack Version (O Brother, Where Art Thou?)) - John Hartford
14. O Death - Ralph Stanley
15. In The Jailhouse Now - The Soggy Bottom Boys
16. I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow - The Soggy Bottom Boys
17. Indian War Whoop - John Hartford
18. Lonesome Valley - The Fairfield Four
19. Angel Band - The Stanley Brothers 



Amazon Review:
The best soundtracks are like movies for the ears, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? joins the likes of Saturday Night Fever and The Harder They Come as cinematic pinnacles of song. The music from the Coen brothers' Depression-era film taps into the source from which the purest strains of country, blues, bluegrass, folk, and gospel music flow. Producer T Bone Burnett enlists the voices of Alison Krauss, Gillian Welch, Emmylou Harris, Ralph Stanley, and kindred spirits for performances of traditional material, in arrangements that are either a cappella or feature bare-bones accompaniment. Highlights range from the aching purity of Krauss's "Down to the River to Pray" to the plainspoken faith of the Whites' "Keep on the Sunny Side" to Stanley's chillingly plaintive "O Death." The album's spiritual centerpiece finds Krauss, Welch, and Harris harmonizing on "Didn't Leave Nobody but the Baby," a gospel lullaby that sounds like a chorus of Appalachian angels.
