VA House of Blues: Essential Blues V3 Dsk 2 of 2
Audio CD: June 22, 1999 
Original Release Date: June 22, 1999 
Number of Discs: 2
Label: House of Blues 
Bitrate: 320 kbps

Essential Blues is an attempt to trace the evolution of the music from the Mississippi Delta to Chicago and other modern, urban cities.  It does a fairly good job in providing a brief history, but the main strength of the collection simply comes from the music.  Featuring cuts from Lightnin' Hopkins, Howlin' Wolf, B. B.  King, Slim Harpo, Junior Parker, Elmore James, Albert Collins, and many, many others, it's a quick and effective way to sample a variety of different blues styles.  For neophytes, Essential Blues does offer a splendid introduction to the genre. 

The House of Blues label has done it again with another incredible collection of blues essentials.  From classics must-haves by Muddy Waters, Sonny Boy Williamson, and John Lee Hooker to more recent recordings by Taj Mahal and Luther Allison, this collection is calling to you.
Also have to mention that the album art and liner notes are beautifully designed and well-written.

Only reason not to give it a full five stars is too many tracks pulled from other HOB discs, but if you don't have them all yet, you won't mind. ~ A Customer, Amazon 

VA House of Blues: Essential Blues V3 Dsk 2 of 2
01  Toehold - Robert Ward
02  Voodoo Daddy - Lonnie Brooks
03  We're Gonna Make It - Little Milton
04  Change Of Heart, Change Of Mind - Robert Cray
05  Keep Your Hands Out Of My Pocket - Otis Spann
06  Screamin' And Hollerin' Blues - Allen Youngblood Hart
07  You've Got Me Dizzy - Jimmy Reed
08  I Don't Know - Ruth Brown
09  Katie Mae - Lightnin' Hopkins
10  Best Of Life - Maria Muldaur/Dr. John
11  Driving Wheel - Robert Lockwood Jr.
12  Go To The Mardi Gras - Professor Longhair
13  Honky Tonk Woman - Taj Mahal
14  C-Jam Blues - Clarence 'Gatemouth' Brown
15  Fool's Paradise - Charles Brown
16  Meet Me In The City - Junior Kimbrough