Foxit Reader 3.1 for Windows

An exclusive small and fast PDF Reader!

As a small and fast PDF viewer, Foxit Reader currently has over 90 million users all around the world. Now, Foxit Reader 3.1 has been released and introduces many fascinating new features  including internet search and favorite toolbar settings.

Overview

Foxit Reader is a free PDF document viewer, with incredible small size, breezing-fast launch speed and rich feature set. Foxit Reader supports Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/7. Its core function is compatible with PDF Standard 1.7.

In the past, you've had to download a huge PDF reader from another software company, go through a lengthy installation process and wait for an annoying splash window to disappear just to open a PDF document. Moreover, if you want to annotate a PDF document, you have to pay US$299 to buy certain software.

Now with Foxit Reader, you don't have to endure such pain any more. The following is a list of compelling advantages of Foxit Reader:
Incredibly small: The download size of Foxit Reader is just a fraction of Acrobat Reader 20 M size. 
Breezing-fast: When you run Foxit Reader, it launches instantly without any delay. You are not forced to view an annoying splash window displaying company logo, author names, etc. 
Annotation tool: Have you ever wished to annotate (or comment on) a PDF document when you are reading it? Foxit Reader allows you to draw graphics, highlight text, type text and make notes on a PDF document and then print out or save the annotated document. 
Text converter: You may convert the whole PDF document into a simple text file. 
High security and privacy: Foxit Reader highly respects the security and privacy of users and will never connect to the Internet without users' permission. While other PDF readers often silently connect to the Internet in the background. Foxit PDF Reader does not contain any spyware. 
What's New in Version 3.1?

The following is a list of exciting new features in Foxit Reader 3.1.
Internet Search
Favorite Toolbar
Comments Panel
Summarize Comments
Document Restrictions
Supports MSAA
Streamlined UI
Getting Some Advanced Features for Free with Foxit Reader 3.1

Foxit gives its users some advanced features included in Foxit Reader for free. For users who check for updates automatically, install Foxit Toolbar, or install free links to eBay, they can get some paid features with no charge.

Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/7
