Smith Micro Poser Pro 2010 v8.0.3 (c) Smith Micro Inc.

   Integrate animated 3D characters and gigabytes  of  Poser  content with
   the tools in your  production  pipeline. Poser Pro 2010 saves time  and
   resources  for   professional  artists   and   production   teams  with
   ready-to-go,  pre-rigged   characters   and  a  content  library   full
   of assets. Working inside Poser Pro generates  dynamic images and video
   with its advanced lighting and powerful rendering technology.

   Key Features:
   -------------
   - Content Management: Find what you need  in  Poser's  content  library
     with keyword search,  online search  and metadata.  Display previews,
     browse categories and drag and drop to scenes.

   - Professional Animation: Combine  multiple  layers of  action into one
     fluid lifelike animation.  Animate  by  keyframing pose  to  pose  or
     import motion capture data. Automate walk and run cycles with natural
     gait and style with the WalkDesigner.

   - Realistic 3D detail: Create photo real images  with  full  ranges  of
     intensity and color with High Dynamic Range Image (HDRI) support. Add
     high resolution  3D detail  to  any   mesh   through   the   use   of
     normal mapping.

   - Hosting with PoserFusion:  Use  Poser Pro's    pre-rigged  characters
     inside    applications     such   as   Autodesk's 3ds Max  and  Maya,
     Maxon's CINEMA 4D and NewTek’s LightWave with the included  plug-ins.
     Import and export with COLLADA data exchange.

   - Improved Rendering: Leverage  your  network to render  massive scenes
     and animation sequences using the network render queue and background
     rendering,   built     on  a  64-bit  render  engine  for  incredible
     speed and quality!

   - Easy Saving & Sharing: Preview  recent  renders  directly  from  your
     palette for quick image comparison or uploading to a Facebook gallery
     or StuffIt Connect cloud storage service.

                                                                  Ü                                                                     
         °
                                               °
± 
    Unrar the files
    Burn or mount the Image with your favorite Tool
    Start Setup and install
    Follow instructions from readme.txt
    Done