Microsoft Office Visio Professional 2007 makes it easy for IT and business professionals to visualize, explore, and communicate complex information. This software transforms complicated text and tables that are hard to understand to Visio diagrams that communicate information at a glance. When information is extremely complex, you run the risk of alienating and confusing members of your business team. That's why Visio 2007 gives you a new way to present complicated data so that everyone can absorb and understand it. Instead of static pictures, you can create data-connected Visio diagrams that display data, are easy to refresh, and dramatically increase your productivity. 


Using Office Visio 2007, create professional-looking diagrams that communicate a wealth of information you can share with a broad audience. View larger.
Use the wide variety of available diagrams to understand, act on, and share information about organizational systems, resources, and processes throughout your enterprise. Put simply, Visio diagrams maximize the impact of important business information in ways words and numbers alone never could.
Two Stand-Alone Editions
Visio 2007 is available in two stand-alone editions: Office Visio Professional and Office Visio Standard. Visio Standard 2007 has the same basic functionality as Visio Professional 2007 and includes a subset of its features and templates. Visio Professional 2007 offers advanced functionality, such as data connectivity and visualization features, that Visio Standard 2007 does not.

Quickly Find and Use New Templates
Visio 2007 includes specific tools to support the diverse diagramming needs of IT and business professionals and lets you create a broader range of diagrams with new templates, such as the ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) template and the Value Stream Mapping template. Use the predefined Microsoft SmartShapes symbols and powerful search capabilities to locate the right shape, whether it is saved on a computer or on the Web. You can also save time by quickly accessing templates you use often. In the new Getting Started window, find the template you need by browsing simplified template categories and using large template previews. Locate the templates you used recently by using the new Recent Templates view in the Getting Started window.

Get Inspired by Sample Diagrams
If you're not sure how to best display your important data, Visio 2007 can help by making it easy to find new sample diagrams. Simply open the new Getting Started window and use the new Samples category. View sample diagrams that are integrated with data to get ideas for creating your own diagrams, to realize how data provides more context for many diagram types, and to determine which template you want to use.

Display Data Attractively in Diagrams
The Data Graphics feature lets you display data attractively in diagrams, and you can choose from a number of data formatting options. With a single click, display data fields as callouts next to a shape, position fields in boxes below a shape, and place fields of data directly on top or to the side of a shape. You also have the option of easily refreshing data in diagrams, thanks to the new Refresh Data feature. If data conflicts arise, easily resolve them by using the Refresh Conflicts task pane.

Connect Shapes Without Drawing Connectors
You don't have to be a professional graphic designer to build interesting diagrams--Visio 2007 gives you the tools to connect shapes without drawing connectors. The new AutoConnect functionality connects shapes, distributes them evenly, and aligns them for you--all with only one click. In fact, when you move the connected shapes, they stay connected and the connectors automatically reroute between the shapes.



Use the wide range of diagram types in Office Visio 2007 to better understand complex processes, resources, and systems. View larger.
Identify Trends and Issues
One of the benefits of creating diagrams is that you can more readily identify trends and issues and then act on them. First, you might choose to make your diagrams even smarter by linking them to data to provide a more complete picture of a process, project, or system. Then it's a snap to visually explore information to identify key trends, issues, and exceptions, and then act on them. Finally, you can analyze, drill down into, and create multiple views of business data to gain insight into it.

Reach a Broader Audience
The Theme feature in Visio 2007 makes it easy to format the colors and effects (text, line, fill, shadow, and connector formatting) in an entire diagram with a single click. It even uses the same color palette as other 2007 Microsoft Office system programs so that you can design professional-looking Visio diagrams that match your presentations and documents. New 3-D Workflow shapes, which were designed with the new Theme feature in mind, command attention, while the option to save in PDF or XPS file format can help you reach a broader audience. You can even view Visio diagram attachments from within Microsoft Office Outlook 2007.

Automatically Connect Diagrams to Data Sources
With the new Data Link functionality, Visio 2007 gives you the option of automatically connecting diagrams to data sources, such as Excel 2007 spreadsheets or Access 2007 databases. You can also save time associating data with shapes by using intuitive new linking methods, which populate each shapes' properties (also known as shape data) with data values. For example, you can link all the shapes in a diagram to rows of data from connected data sources by using the new Automatic Link Wizard.

Effectively Track Reports
Visio 2007 also gives you the flexibility to generate reports directly from within Microsoft Office Project and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server that track project tasks, owners, roles, responsibilities, and depict complex project ownership structures. And it's no problem to add new details as they become available because Visio 2007 automatically modify the reports as project information changes.



Using Office Visio Professional 2007, visually explore data by using diagrams to identify issues and exceptions. View larger.
Share Diagrams With Others
Visio 2007 gives you the option of saving your diagrams as Web pages complete with navigation controls, a shape data viewer, reports, choice of image format, and style sheet options. On intranets and extranets, anyone who's using Visio Viewer with Windows Internet Explorer can view the diagrams from within Internet Explorer. Additionally, shared workspace functionality supports collaboration with Microsoft Windows SharePoint Services. Visio diagrams saved on a Windows SharePoint Services sites can be opened directly in Visio 2007 from the site, and even checked in and out from within Visio 2007. Specifically, when a diagram is opened from a Windows SharePoint Services site, Visio 2007 opens a Shared Workspace task pane that contains all of the information in the workspace, including other files, members, tasks, and links.

Easy Collaboration
With the Track Markup feature, multiple people can collaborate on the same Visio diagram. Generally used for reviewing a diagram and incorporating feedback, Track Markup helps make each reviewer's contributions clear to other reviewers and to the person who eventually incorporates the revisions in the diagram.

Customize and Extend Visio 2007
You have the option of extending Visio 2007 programmatically or by integrating it with other applications to fit your industry-specific scenarios or unique organizational requirements. Visualize custom solutions with Visio 2007 diagrams, such as Unified Modeling Language (UML), data flow, and Microsoft Windows user interface diagrams, by using templates in the Software and Database category. The Visio 2007 software development kit (SDK) includes extensive samples, tools, and documentation to simplify and speed up development of custom applications. The SDK provides a set of reusable functions, classes, and procedures for the most common Office Visio 2007 development tasks and includes support for a broad range of development languages, including Microsoft Visual Basic, Microsoft Visual Basic .NET, Microsoft Visual C# .NET, and Microsoft Visual C++.

Visio Drawing Control
Using the Visio Drawing Control, developers can embed and program the Visio drawing environment in custom applications. This opens up new opportunities for solution integration, making it easy to include the power of Visio 2007 in any smart client application. Because the Visio Drawing Control can be integrated with the host application's UI, developers can take advantage of Visio drawing functionality as a smooth part of their application without having to develop similar functionality themselves. In addition, you can control several new features in Visio 2007 programmatically, including connecting to a data source, linking shapes to data, displaying linked data graphically, connecting shapes to one another automatically (AutoConnect), monitoring and filtering mouse-drag actions, and applying theme colors and theme effects. Each of these features has an associated application programming interface (API) that makes it possible to control the feature programmatically and new objects and members associated with it in the Visio object model.

Thanks to all these options, Visio 2007 gives you the power to revolutionize the way you present information to colleagues and clients, which can positively affect productivity and your bottom line.

Product Description
Microsoft Office Visio 2007 is a diagramming and data visualization solution that makes it easy for IT and business professionals to visualize, analyze, and communicate complex information, systems, and processes.

Main Features

Manufacturer: Microsoft Corporation
Manufacturer Part Number: D87-02785
Manufacturer Website Address: www.microsoft.com
Software Sub Type: Designing
Software Name: Office Visio 2007 Professional - Complete Product
Features & Benefits:
Visually document and design your systems and processes
Be more productive by integrating diagrams with information across sources
Reduce manual data reentry by letting Office Visio 2007 keep diagrams up to date for you
Analyze information and gain insight by displaying data in diagrams
Easily track trends, identify issues, and flag exceptions with PivotDiagrams
Track and report on project information more effectively
Communicate complex information with new templates and shapes
Make an impact on your audiences with professional-looking diagrams
Share diagrams with everyone who needs them to make better business decisions
Customize Office Visio 2007 programmatically to fit your specialized needs
Language Support: English
Platform Support: PC