Most Common PC Problems:

* PC runs much slower than when you first bought it.
* PC crashes for no apparent reason.
* You keep receiving error messages and don't know why.
* ...

Wise Registry Cleaner free is a powerful free registry cleaner and registry optimizer, it speeds up your PC by cleaning your Windows Registry. The PRO version help you improve your PC's performance by optimize your Registry, and it's so easy, you only need make a few clicks.

The Registry is at the heart of every Windows computer. The older your PC is, the more junked-up its Registry becomes. Badly written programs (and there are plenty of those around) don't bother to clean the Registry when you uninstall them, and some programs add unnecessary junk to the Registry. The more junked-up your Registry, the more likely it is to crash or to slow down your PC.

This freebie does a neat job of cleaning out the Registry junk. It scans the Registry, flagging orphaned or bad Registry entries, and shows you the name and values for each. It identifies Registry entries that may be dangerous to delete, and those that are safe to delete, so you can distinguish between the two. It also lets you decide which entries to delete, and which to keep. For safety's sake, it can also back up your Registry before a scan, so that you can restore it, if the program causes any problems.

Wise Registry Cleaner is one of the safest Registry cleaning tools available in the market today. Its scanning engine is thorough, safe and fast.

Wise Registry Cleaner improves your PC's performance by optimizing your system (This feature is included only in the Professional Edition).


Features:

1. Export entries to MS Excel.
2. Include a optimization tool. (Use this tool, you can tune up and accelerate your PC speed with a few clicks. )

* Optimization of Disk Cache, Desktop Menu, File System, Network, Boot Speed, etc.
* Simple and convenient auto-optimization wizard and optimizes automatically according to detected information of software and hardware.
* "Restore" feature, press one key to restore if users are not satisfied with the optimization.

3. Filtrate by categories.
4. More useful features adding.

Windows 98/Me/NT/2000/XP/XP-x64/2003/Vista/Vista-x64/2008 Server/Windows7/Windows7-x64 (Pentium 233 MHz or above. 32 MB RAM or above,5 MB hard drive space or more)

Click on image for full size view.



Unpack with any archiver
Install setup.exe
Run the application
Use one of serials provided

