Spanish (Spain) Learning Tips
Spanish pronunciation and spelling are regular and predictable.
There are two categories of Spanish nouns: masculine and feminine.
Don’t be surprised if you see sentences without subjects. Rosetta Stone teaches you to identify who is speaking or who is being spoken about through the form of the verb.
Spanish has two verbs that mean ‘to be.’ One is used for characteristics that are more permanent, and one for characteristics that are more temporary
You’ll notice that many Spanish words use accent marks, which indicate where to put stress.
Sometimes an accent distinguishes one word from another that is identical except for the mark. For example: esta and está.
The letter ñ is distinct from n in its pronunciation. The letter ll is also pronounced differently than two single l’s.
Spanish has both formal and informal ways to address others, depending on the age of the speaker and his or her relationship to the person or persons being addressed.

This solution will help you:

Develop your command of Spanish
Retain what you learn as you move forward and advance
Conduct advanced conversations in Spanish
Negotiate complex situations with confidence and accuracy
Sample topics include:

Government and citizenship
Industry and commerce
Describing and solving problems
Dealing with emergency situations

Requirements for Rosetta Stone User Workstations

Windows 2000 or later
Mac OS 10.4 or later
512 MB RAM
1 GHz or faster processor speed
600 MB free hard-drive space (per level)
16-bit sound card
800 x 600 display resolution (1024 x 768 recommended)
Internet or phone connection required for product activation
Speech recognition feature requires a USB headset microphone (included with purchase)
16X CD-ROM Drive (for installation)
Note for Microsoft® Windows Vista™ users:

Current Rosetta Stone products have been engineered to install and run on the Windows Vista operating system. Some 3rd party components used in Rosetta Stone products have not been certified by Microsoft as ‘Vista Compliant’. Accordingly, you may encounter some Vista-related operating issues. Rosetta Stone technical support may or may not be able to resolve these Vista-related issues. Rosetta Stone hereby disclaims any representations, warranties, guaranties and conditions with respect to the compatibility of the Rosetta Stone products with the Windows Vista operating systems.

