CCleaner:  Version 3.0 
Release Date: 28/10/2010

CCleaner is the number-one tool for cleaning your Windows PC. It protects your privacy online and makes your computer faster and more secure.

Features
CCleaner is our system optimization, privacy and cleaning tool. It removes unused files from your system - allowing Windows to run faster and freeing up valuable hard disk space. It also cleans traces of your online activities such as your Internet history. Additionally it contains a fully featured registry cleaner. But the best part is that it's fast (normally taking less than a second to run) and contains NO Spyware or Adware!
Cleans the following:

 Internet Explorer
Temporary files, history, cookies, Autocomplete form history, index.dat.

 Firefox
Temporary files, history, cookies, download history, form history.

 Google Chrome
Temporary files, history, cookies, download history, form history.

 Opera
Temporary files, history, cookies.

 Safari
Temporary files, history, cookies, form history.

 Windows
Recycle Bin, Recent Documents, Temporary files and Log files.

 Registry Cleaner
Advanced features to remove unused and old entries, including File Extensions, ActiveX Controls, ClassIDs, ProgIDs, Uninstallers, Shared DLLs, Fonts, Help Files, Application Paths, Icons, Invalid Shortcuts and more... also comes with a comprehensive backup feature.

 Third-party applications
Removes temp files and recent file lists (MRUs) from many apps including Media Player, eMule, Google Toolbar, Netscape, Microsoft Office, Nero, Adobe Acrobat, WinRAR, WinAce, WinZip and many more...

 100% Spyware FREE
This software does NOT contain any Spyware, Adware or Viruses.

Home Page: 
http://www.piriform.com/ccleaner

Show your support here:  
http://www.piriform.com/ccleaner/download

This is a well-known FREEWARE and a great little bit of software for cleaning and optimizing your PC,

Enjoy!!

Tam@Carla

http:// latesttvandmoviesfree.blogspot .com/