Friday, February 26, 2010
Time for a little checkup on the condition of healthcare reform after yesterday’s “procedure.”  Yesterday’s healthcare summit went on for 7 and a half hours. Actually the debate’s been longer than that, depending on when you say it started. You could easily say it started during the Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt. So, it’s somewhere between 7 and a half hours and a century. In any case, it’s been a long, long time. Yesterday was like a marathon… except that a marathon has an eventual end, and the Republicans want an event in which nobody ever crosses the finish line. All of the Republicans were hiding behind printed-out stacks of the Democratic plan. What does it say for your plan, when your only plan is to show up with the other guy’s plan? That was a metaphor for what was happening. By mocking the Democrats’ plan, they were trying to hide the fact that they had no plan of their own. The Democrats didn’t bring any copies of the Republican plan to mock. Oh, maybe that’s because there is no Republican Plan! Maybe the Democrats should have brought a post-it note with the word “No” written on it, and tried to hide behind that.

The Republicans stuck to their talking points, alright—so much so that they weren’t so much talking points as they were chanting points.  It’s almost like the Republicans were brainwashed automatons chanting “start over,” “clean sheet of paper,” and “step by step.” They were like members of the Red State Army, chanting from the book of Frank Luntz. “Start over!” America needs answers, and all the Republicans can do is ask for a mulligan. “Start from a clean sheet of paper!” Odd, as far as I can tell, the Republican plan IS a clean sheet of paper. “Step by step!” Yes, the Republicans want to go “step by step” on healthcare… right off of a cliff. Finally, Republicans kept demanding that President Obama renounce the possibility of using reconciliation to pass healthcare reform. They’re basically saying “We won’t let you do it with us. Now promise you won’t do it without us.”