Greek Learning Tips
Every word in Greek is marked with a stress. This indicates where the emphasis is placed when the word is pronounced. Words with only one syllable remain unstressed.
In Greek, every letter corresponds to one distinct sound. There are a few exceptions that Rosetta Stone will help you learn.
There are three genders, or categories, of Greek nouns: masculine, feminine, and neuter.
Greek noun, adjective, and pronoun endings change depending on their position in the sentence, their gender, and whether they are singular or plural.
In Greek, the pronoun is usually dropped from sentences because its meaning is conveyed by the ending of the verbs. Pronouns are used mainly for emphasis.
To convey politeness, Greek speakers will use the plural form of a verb.
In written Greek, a question is followed by a ‘;’ punctuation marker.
This set will help you:

Build your vocabulary and language abilities
Spell and write accurately
Speak without a script
Retain what you’ve learned
Read and understand your new language
Share ideas and opinions, express feelings and talk about everyday life
Sample topics include:

The basics, such as age and family relations
Questions, greetings, introductions
Times of day, calendar terms, the weather
Directions, locations, telling time
Present, past and future tense
Apologies and polite requests
How to order at a restaurant and give and receive directions
Emotions, opinions and ideas
Political, media, business and religious terms
Requirements for Rosetta Stone User Workstations

Windows 2000 or later
Mac OS 10.4 or later
512 MB RAM
1 GHz or faster processor speed
600 MB free hard-drive space (per level)
16-bit sound card
800 x 600 display resolution (1024 x 768 recommended)
Internet or phone connection required for product activation
Speech recognition feature requires a USB headset microphone (included with purchase)
16X CD-ROM Drive (for installation)
Note for Microsoft® Windows Vista™ users:

Current Rosetta Stone products have been engineered to install and run on the Windows Vista operating system. Some 3rd party components used in Rosetta Stone products have not been certified by Microsoft as ‘Vista Compliant’. Accordingly, you may encounter some Vista-related operating issues. Rosetta Stone technical support may or may not be able to resolve these Vista-related issues. Rosetta Stone hereby disclaims any representations, warranties, guaranties and conditions with respect to the compatibility of the Rosetta Stone products with the Windows Vista operating systems.

Contents:                                                                  
CD 1 = Main installation App                                            
CD 2 = Greek Level 1                                                    
CD 3 = Greek Level 2-3                                                  
CD 4 - 7 = Audio Companion CD 1-4 Greek Level 1                        
CD 8 - 11 = Audio Companion CD 1-4 Greek Level 2                        
CD 12 - 15 = Audio Companion CD 1-4 Greek Level 3