SYNOPSIS

Two pubescent, pig-tailed, virgin schoolgirls, Michelle [Mirielle d'Argent] and Marie [Marie Pierre Castel], run away from their school and find themselves lost in a cemetery which leads to a chateau inhabited by vampires and naked women in chains. The girls try to escape, but they are bitten by the vampires' aging Master. The Master decides to initiate the girls in order to make them perpetrators of the vampire race (which is about to die out). Eventually, of course, the girls will have to be deflowered because 'you cannot be both virgin and vampire.' For now, however, their job will be to hunt by day and lure victims back to the chateau for the vampires to feed upon. Michelle brings back a victim, but Marie takes pity on hers (Frédéric [Philippe Gasté]), begs him to be the one to deflower her, and then sets him free.

IMDB REVIEW

Marie and Michelle are two girls dressed as clowns and on the run from someone with a grudge, this is at least where the film begins with a shoot 'em up car chase through the french countryside. There male companion gets killed in the crossfire and the girls decide to hide out in a seemingly deserted Château where they indulge themselves in some Lesbian sex before they discover they are not alone .The last surviving Vampire and his followers want to enrol the two girls in to the realms of the living dead, but not before they get the girls to lure some fresh blood to the château with the promise of sex.

Rollin's imagery is superb,two wonderfully colourful clowns wandering through barley is quite an exquisite scene,in this often ponderously slow film, the vampires look cool except for some dodgy fangs, there isn't too much of a plot really and I can readily see why some would hate Rollin's work. Rollin seems to my eyes to have his own unique language of film which he sticks to till the bitter end. My main problem with the film is that it was cut to bits, The DVD sleeve said 88mins where in actuality it was a paltry 76mins,IMDB says 95mins so I'm not too sure what I've missed and how badly the continuity was hampered by this, a lot I would guess.Not my last Rollin film,I'll certainly watch some more.



SEED AND ENJOY (THIS IS THE BEST QUALITY I COULD MUSTER)

AND PLEASE BE PATIENT, MY UPLOAD SPEED IS CAPPED AT 40kbps.

FOR SCREENS, REMOVE THE 'x' TO VIEW:

 
http://i50.tinypic.xcom/x1d578.jpg 
http://i47.tinypic.xcom/1znu14h.jpg 
http://i49.tinypic.xcom/15dm655.jpg 
http://i45.tinypic.xcom/iwq97r.jpg 
http://i47.tinypic.xcom/2cekumo.jpg 
http://i46.tinypic.xcom/1zvr13n.jpg