Changelog 
Bug fix: The program can randomly crash to List Index Out Of Bounds error when working with 

the result lists, such as with the results of the Registry Cleaner. 
Bug fix: The program can randomly crash to Access Violation error when working with the 

result list. 
Bug fix: Decrypt feature of File Tool's More Functions menu actually executes file Encrypt, 

not Decrypt. 
Bug fix: In History Cleaner, if you double click an item, select the Files tab and select 

Properties from the Right-Click menu, nothing happens. 
Bug fix: If you select not to install certain translations (e.g. Russian or Dutch), they are 

still installed to your system. 
Bug fix: Some scan modules of the Registry Cleaner are not scanning the 64 bit side of the 

registry under 64 bit Windows. 
Bug fix: Using the Right-Click menu's List Control features remove items from a result list 

can cause an Access Violation error. 
Bug fix: The result lists of some tools, such as Clean and Fix My Computer, can contain 

duplicate groups, such as two "Temp files" groups. 
Bug fix: The result list can show a negative number of selected items, for example: 

"Selected: -1, highlighted: 0, total: 10" 
Bug fix: Closing the program right after opening a tool, such as the History Cleaner, can 

cause the program not to terminate properly. 
Bug fix: The Registry Cleaner can sometimes display duplicate result lines, that is, a same 

registry entry can be listed twice. 
Bug fix: The Registry Cleaner can crash to Access Violation when using the Fix button. 
Bug fix: The File Encryptor sometimes reports that the file you are attempt to decrypt is 

not valid, even if the file is valid. 
Bug fix: The File Encryptor fails to decrypt a file if the Also Encrypt The Filename option 

was used. This bug in only in the GUI, all the encrypted files can be decrypted with this 

fixed build, there is no data loss. 

Improvement: The installer will from now on remember its previous settings, so when 

installing the next update you will not have to make all the same changes again. 
Improvement: The Registry Cleaner now finds more left-over data from old software. 
Improvement: The installer now allows you to download translated versions of the Handbook, 

Danish and Dutch being the first available translations. 
Improvement: Accessing and modifying the result lists is now faster, the list control is 

more responsive even with many items. 
Improvement: In Clean and Fix My Computer, double clicking a registry item will now open it 

in RegEdit and double clicking a temp file item will open its folder in Windows Explorer. 
Improvement: Added a Right-Click menu to History Cleaner -> Double click item -> Select the 

Registry tab. 

New translations: Italian, Slovak. 
Updated translations: Czech, Dutch, Russian.

Home Page www.macecraft.com