Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Packed! is the fifth album by rock group The Pretenders, released in 1990. For this album, the only real member of the group is Chrissie Hynde -- no other person is pictured anywhere within the album package, and a rotating cast of session musicians (rather than a set band) is used to back Hynde throughout, effectively making this a solo album by Hynde, only using the Pretenders name to satisfy contractual obligations. However, drummer Blair Cunningham plays on all tracks, though he is not credited as part of the band.

The Pretenders are an English-American rock band formed in Hereford, England in March 1978. The original band consisted of initiator and main songwriter Chrissie Hynde (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), James Honeyman-Scott (lead guitar, backing vocals, keyboards), Pete Farndon (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Martin Chambers (drums, backing vocals, percussion). The band has experienced drug-related deaths of the members, and numerous subsequent personnel changes have taken place over the years, with Hynde as the sole continual member.

Hynde, originally from Akron, Ohio, attended Kent State University at the time of the Kent State shootings in 1970. She moved to London in 1973, working at the weekly music paper, NME, and at Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood's SEX store. She was involved with early versions of The Clash and The Damned, and in short-lived bands such as Masters of the Backside and The Moors Murderers. Pretenders formed during 1978 after Dave Hill at Anchor Records heard some demos. He arranged a rehearsal studio in Denmark Street & the 3 piece consisting of Hynde, Mal Hart, on bass, who had played with Hynde & Steve Strange in The Moors Murderers & Phil Taylor from Motorhead filling in on drums played a selection of Hyndes` original songs. Dave Hill was impressed & arranged a day at Studio 51 to record another demo which although rough felt he had seen & heard enough "star potential" to suggest she form a more permanent regular band to record for his new label, Real Records. Hynde formed a band composed of Pete Farndon (who was later associated romantically with Hynde) on bass, James Honeyman-Scott on guitar, and Gerry Mcilduff on drums. This band, without a name at this stage, recorded five tracks at Regents Park Studio in July 1978, including "Stop Your Sobbing". Gerry Mcilduff was replaced on drums by Martin Chambers, and Hynde named the band "Pretenders" after The Platters song "The Great Pretender".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/