. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                                       
                                                                  
                                                         
                                
                
                            
                       
                  
                      
                      
                    
            
      
                        
                                      
                                               
                 B L I Z Z A R D               
                                              
                                                        
         Actual.Window.Manager.v6.0.Incl.Keymaker       
                                                                    
            release date: 2010-03-10      supplier: TEAM BLZ           
                   disks: 1                cracker: TEAM BLZ          
               protection: XTEA                  os: WinALL            
                                                                  
                                                              
     
                  RELEASE INFO               
       
                                              
                                                         
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                       
                                                                       
    Actual Window Manager is an innovative desktop organization        
    application which introduces unconventional window controls and    
    also automatic general window operations making your work more     
    productive, convenient and enjoyable. It has more than 50 handy    
    tools to help you in daily routine window manipulations.           
                                                                       
    Like a well-trained assistant, accurate and unobtrusive, being     
    instructed once Actual Window Manager will do all the required     
    actions for you automatically all the time you are having it       
    running in background:                                             
                                                                       
    - placing windows exactly to the required place                    
    - sizing them exactly as they should be                            
    - keeping the important windows always-on-top of others            
    - minimizing (either normally, or to the tray/screen), or rolling  
      up, or making semi-transparent, or closing the inactive          
      windows, so removing them from your way                          
    - and many others                                                  
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                  INSTALL INFO                
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
           Install it and use the keygen to register. Enjoy!           
      Note: Keygen is fixed. The other one generated false keys.       
            Only the first key was always ok.                         
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                    GREETINGS                 
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
      greets fly out to all groups which actively and courageously     
             work on building better release conditions and            
                        thus keep the scene up.                        
                                                                       
                   special greets to our friends in:                   
                                                                       
            absokt - acme - air - digerati - explosion - f4cg          
                   orion - pdx - ssg - tbe - tmg - zwt                 
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                     CONTACT                  
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
     We are a closed group, if we need you then we will contact you!   
                                                                       
        Software worth using is worth buying.. keep this in mind!      
                                                                       
                                                                  
                                                          
                                                  
           nfo updated on       
                        2009.07.19                 
                                    
                                       
                            INFOFILE DRAWN BY
                                 H7/ACCESSiON