 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082979/
3hrs 15mins (cd1 1:43:58 cd2 1:31:18)

Stars Mr. Warren Beatty and the lovely Ms. Diane Keaon

This is a 1280 x 720 lovely convert from bluray source files
256k audio track - English (if you speak Russian please note we have a separate
offering for you of a Russian over-dubbed version launching separately on nominal
bandwidth at this startng point).

Reds is the beautiful accomplishment of Mr. Warren Beatty. It is certainly one
of the greatest of all tim movies ever made. the previous 1.4GB DivX we
launched in 2 separate 700Meg files along with two great songs from the soundtrack
is still seeding on the net quite well after all these years, however we intend to
replace it with this launch here, along with a non-HD disc player version of the
bluray source files, which we are waiting to lauch soon in addition.

We aim for practical application of all our avi movie files so that they are
able to play on your computer - which can hook up to your TV, or used on a disc
player without having to pay for expensive blanc discs to do your burn
with. Nero has a free "lite" disc burner software download which is great
and very competently designed in its appeal. Always burn at the minimum disc
speed setting that you can specify Nero to use, and then use "windows task 
manager" on your PC to specify "high processing priority" for Nerosmart (during
the disc creation process). Make sure no other programs are running at the time,
and always use "disc verify" feature in turned ON position in the Nero settings
control. A disc from HP should cost 20 cents or so.


The idea of this movie is to portray the spirit of American "intellectuals"
of the era of when communism was a force the world had yet to come to terms with.
Although this interest was well intentioned, it must be remembered that communism
is cruel to the human spirit and is no real answer to our concerns for the 
appropriate sharing of resources as each must be given acoording to his true needs
- his needs for justice, fairness, and the regonition of his true worth relatively
speaking, even amongst his own kinfolk, on the basis of true merit overall.

Without this, the human spirit starts to suffer and begins to wither away.
Thank goodness that this nightmare has come to an end, and more socially
responsible means must now be found for a better allocation of resources amongst
our own folks in a spirit of true Christianly kindness without losing sight of merit of individual contribution and worthiness in this respect.

Yet - people of Russia have survived, and there is a beautiful spirit that 
yearns to join with its kindred spirits in other parts of Europe and elsewhere -
even Australia I should think! It is time to reach out to our folks there and
to help make Russia a vibrant part of a fuure European union based on real compatibilities that do exist most striongly here compared to elsewhere
we seek to add from perhaps too.

Russia has much to teach from its experiment with communism - there is a spirit of family and of care for the larger community - as humans of worth always do their
best to strive for real meaning amidst whatever difficulties we have had to endure
in what has been our existance on this earth thus far.

The spirit of communism must end - but not the spirit of willing to share and care
amidst our own, in our communities in a spirit of true Christianly kinship
with adequate care and regard for our societies overall, and in consideration
of all we are able to contribute to make for a better place in which to live,
collectively in fact - as that is always how it should be - in a real sense
for that matter.


Michael Rizzo Chessman



 














