Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Rocket" is a synthpop song by the English duo Goldfrapp from their fifth studio album, Head First (2010). Written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory, with additional production by Pascal Gabriel, the song was released as the album's lead single on 8 March 2010. To promote the single release, the duo performed the song on Friday Night with Jonathan Ross on 26 March 2010. The music video  features Alison driving a truck hauling a rocket with someone entirely wrapped in duct tape who is then taped to the rocket when it is launched at the end.

The music video for "Rocket" was directed by Kim Gehrig and filmed in January 2010. The main idea behind the video is that Alison Goldfrapp is a truck driver who wants to send an ex-boyfriend into outer space.

The video begins with Goldfrapp driving a transport truck through a desert. She is accompanied by a male in a full body cast. As the chorus begins it is revealed that the truck in pulling a giant purple rocket. Goldfrapp stops the truck to dance in the desert and is joined by a group of females. Will Gregory makes a cameo appearance in the video as a gas station attendant. The video concludes with Goldfrapp and the dancers taping the male passenger to the rocket and launching it into outer space.

Goldfrapp is an English electronic music duo, formed in 1999 in London, England, that consists of Alison Goldfrapp (vocals/synthesizer) and Will Gregory (synthesizer).

Despite favourable reviews and a shortlisting for the Mercury Prize, the ambient sound of their 2000 debut album Felt Mountain did not chart highly. Goldfrapp's second album Black Cherry, which incorporated glam rock and synthpop sounds into their music, was released in 2003. The album experienced success across nightclubs in North America and influenced the same dance-oriented sound of their third album Supernature. Supernature took Goldfrapp's work further into dance music, and enjoyed international chart success. Supernature produced three number-one U.S. dance singles, and was nominated for Best Electronic/Dance Album at the 49th Grammy Awards. Their fourth album Seventh Tree placed a greater emphasis on ambient and downtempo music, drawing inspiration from nature and Paganism, while their fifth album, Head First, found the group exploring 1980s-influenced synthpop.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/