* Hello PC games fans ...


* Play the new James Bond game ...


* thefreware FREEARC is needed to extract the arc file


* FILE INFO : COMPLETE GAME , nothing missing , only the videos that are not so many  during all the gameplay without voices but in this videos still the normal ambience sound , the picture and sound with normality and the subtitles work perfect in syncrinization with the videos , it wasn´t possible not keeping only the voices because i needed to do the correct work and they was exteriorly to the main videos , so , everything normal on the videos just no voices but with the subtitles working perfectly , this is a pratical file i have to work what is possible keeping the gameplay .


* Gameplay : [text extracted from wikipedia]*

The game is a third-person shooter with elements of hand-to-hand combat. Some elements from Quantum of Solace were removed such as the cover to cover system. There are some driving sequences. Blood Stone features a unique Focus Aim system which allows players to lock onto targets after melee takedowns, not too dissimilar to the \"Mark and Execute\" feature from Splinter Cell Conviction. There is also a multiplayer mode consisting of up to 16 players that will pit spies versus mercenaries. Alongside team deathmatch and other standard game modes there are massive objective-based battles where players have to work as a team to attack or defend various spy-themed goals. It has also been announced that players will pilot a number of vehicle types throughout the course of the game.

Minimum System Requirements - Please note that James Bond 007(TM) - Blood Stone does not support Microsoft(R) Windows(R) 2000.

3D hardware accelerator card required - 100% DirectX(R) 9.0c-compliant 256 MB video card and drivers
NVIDIA(R) GeForce(R) 7600 GT and better chipsets, ATI Radeon(TM) X1650 and better chipsets
Intel(R) Core(TM) 2 Duo E4300 1.80 GHz or AMD Athlon(TM) 64 x2 4000+ 2.0 GHz or better
12 GB of uncompressed hard disk space (plus 400 MB for the Windows(R) swap file and 2 MB free for saved games)
DirectX(R) 9.0c (Included)
Either a 100% Windows(R) XP-compatible computer system including:
Microsoft(R) Windows(R) XP
1 GB of RAM (Windows(R) XP)
100% DirectX(R) 9.0c-compliant true 16-bit sound card and drivers
100% Windows(R) XP-compatible mouse, keyboard and drivers
100% Windows(R) XP-compatible 6x speed DVD-ROM drive (600 K/sec sustained transfer rate) and drivers (*)
Or a 100% Windows Vista(R) or Windows(R) 7-compatible computer system including:
Microsoft(R) Windows Vista(R) or Microsoft(R) Windows(R) 7
2 GB of RAM (Windows Vista(R), Windows(R) 7)
100% DirectX(R) 9.0c-compliant true 16-bit sound card and drivers
100% Windows Vista(R) or Windows(R) 7-compatible mouse, keyboard and drivers
100% Windows Vista(R) or Windows(R) 7-compatible 6x speed DVD-ROM drive (600 K/sec sustained transfer rate) and drivers (*)
Motherboard integrated video chipsets not supported




* enjoy ... *

