 http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/586/foodscholar1.jpg




Essential Etiquette Fundamentals, Vol. 1: Dining Etiquette - [AudioBook]


Yellowstone Publishing 

ISBN: 098019511X 

2007 

MP3 

128 Kbps 

English

38.4 MB 

A valuable client is in town and needs to be entertained. You are interviewing for a great new job and your prospective employer suggests you go out for lunch. You are on a first date with someone special. It is time to finally ask your boss for a raise. No problem, right? You are charming, well-dressed, funny, smart, and successful. Everybody loves you. You are going to knock'em deadbut, what about your table manners? Pass the bread the wrong way and your valuable client thinks you are clumsy. Grab your prospective employer's water glass by mistake and she begins to question your poise under pressure. Argue with the waiter and someone special decides you are really a jerk. Tear at your lobster like an animal and you can stop worrying about getting a raise and start worrying about keeping your job. Dining etiquette matters. Whether you are a new intern at your first formal business dinner, or a seasoned professional out for a power lunch, business meals are big business. A lack of manners is just plain bad business. Organized in five easy, enjoyable lessons, the Etiquette Scholar Dining Etiquette CD includes all the practical information you need to make a great impression at your next business meal or social engagement. It is simply the best dining etiquette reference available. Don't eat another important meal without listening to this CD first!

Quick and easy learning. Etiquette Scholar has made its dining etiquette lessons available in audio format for your convenience. Listen on CD or download the lessons to your MP3 player and learn at the gym, on the plane or in your car on the way to a client meeting, job interview, or other important dining event.

A valuable tool for any professional. If you entertain clients or dine with colleagues, your table manners reflect on your overall level of professionalism. Etiquette Scholar's comprehensive, thoroughly researched dining etiquette CD quickly teaches you every dining etiquette rule you need to correctly handle any dining situation.

Vital job interview information. Your resume may get you the interview, but it's how you handle the interview that gets you the job. Conversation, handling the utensils it's the little things that matter. Employers conduct interviews during meals to evaluate how applicants handle themselves in a social setting. Polish your dining etiquette skills by listening to the Etiquette Scholar dining etiquette lesson. After completing the Etiquette Scholar dining etiquette lessons you will learn how to be seated, correctly identify tableware, handle silverware, properly order your meal, handle hard-to-eat foods, gracefully pay the check, and much more!.........



[/color][/code][/b]