TE 2009 PRESENTS                  
                                                        
                                              
              ANOTHER FINE RELEASE         
                                                    

    Release: DVD Catalyst 3 v3.84 (c) 2009 A3VS

    Date: 12/06/2009

    Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

    Release Type:
      [ ] Registration/Serial Crack
      [ ] Activation Crack
      [ ] Trial Crack
      [ ] Server Check Crack
      [ ] Serial
      [ ] Hidden/Added Features Enabler
      [X] Other: RETAIL

      [ ] Loader Patcher      [ ] Patch      [ ] Precracked      [ ] RegFile
      [ ] Keygen

                                                      
                                                              
                                      
                RELEASE NOTES            
                                                   
                                                               
                                                             
                                                                        

        DVD Catalyst 3 converts movies quickly and easily into a format
        that can be played on a portable device (Apple iPod, Apple
        iPhone, Sony PSP, Creative Zen, Smartphone, PocketPC and more) It
        offers a multitude of different video types it can create,
        allowing it to even create video files for non-listed or
        brand-new devices. 

        DVD Catalyst 3 incorporates an extensive feature list, with many
        unique, handy and industry-first options to make your conversions
        as easy as possible, while providing you with the best possible
        quality. 

        DVD Catalyst 3 uses the award-winning open source
        mplayer/mencoder projects for detection and conversion, which
        allows DVD Catalyst to convert just about anything to any format
        without the need of having codec's installed on your computer. 


        Features: 

         Unique 1-click interface. Using a wizard-like program for your
          conversions is helpful in the beginning, but for users who have
          the perfect system setup, having to click through each step,
          and every screen for every DVD or video file you want to
          convert becomes tiresome and slows you down. DVD Catalyst 3 is
          uniquely designed to convert movies with as little clicks as
          possible - and even 1 click and no click modes are available! 

         Converts all DVDs and all common video files to a format that
          can be played on virtually any portable device, including new
          codec standards and releases as well as DIVX, XVID, AVI, MPEG,
          MPEG4, TiVo, DVR-MS (SD), TS, FLV, ISO, MDF 

         Does not need any additional software for accessing protected
          DVDs

         Unrestricted 7-day trial. No 5 minute test conversions, no
          files that need to be recreated after you purchase the program.
          After the trial expires, just install the purchased version and
          continue where you left off - including retaining your
          personalised settings! 

         Converts to all common video file formats, including AVC, H264,
          MP4, DIVX, XVID, WMV, 3GP, MPEG

         Includes an ever expanding list of conversion profiles for all
          the popular devices on the market, including Pocket PC,
          Smartphone, XBOX 360, Playstation3, PSP, iPod Nano, iPod
          Classic, iPod Touch, iPhone, AppleTV, Archos, Zen. If your
          device is not listed, you can try using a profile from a
          similar device, or modify the settings according to its
          specifications. If you need help, just email us the
          specifications of your device, and we'll do what we can to make
          it work. There is no need to purchase the same program for
          other devices. 

         Complete freedom on quality settings and target size. You can
          adjust the settings for the best possible quality, small file
          size or anything in-between. 

         Multi-Device queue. DVD Catalyst 3 is the ONLY application on
          the market that allows you to queue up as many devices as you
          want for conversions. If you have a variety of devices and you
          want to watch movies on all of them, DVD Catalyst is your best
          choice. Queue up your iPhone, the Wife/Daughters Nano and your
          son's PSP in DVD Catalyst 3, pop in a DVD and click 'Go'. 

         Automatic batching. Multiple DVD drives, video files, video
          folders are all automatically queued up for conversion. You can
          even have DVD Catalyst 3 monitor your Video Recording folders
          (from MediaCenter, TiVo desktop etc) to check for new files
          whenever they are available. 

         Automatic (0 Click) conversion. You can have DVD Catalyst
          automatically start a conversion when a DVD is inserted; a new
          video file is added to your folders. All of the options in DVD
          Catalyst 3 can be set for automatic mode, including cropping
          and language/subtitle selections. You can have it run
          automatically when your computer starts up, so you never have
          to see the program again. Install it on a Home Theatre PC
          (HTPC) and when it's done with a DVD, it will be ejected
          without ever having to click a button. 

         Automatic black bar (letterbox) removal. For all conversions,
          DVD Catalyst 3 can remove black bars. It doesn't matter what
          kind of screen your device has, movies will always look full
          screen. 

         80+ page PDF manual. While you do not need to read the manual
          to be able to use DVD Catalyst 3, all of its features are
          explained in detail. It includes documentation on various
          aspects of getting video content on a portable device, as well
          as example scenarios on how to set it up for certain tasks. 

         Support. All DVD Catalyst users who had questions for us are
          impressed by the way we provide support. We always answer
          within a day, and mostly even within a few hours. We do not
          pile up support requests, and we actually do what we can to
          help. On www.dvdcatalystgt.com we provide a support forum as
          well as email support for assisting our users with whatever
          issue they might have. 


        Requirements: 

        DVD Catalyst 3 runs on all versions of Windows 2000, Windows XP
        and Windows Vista. 

        As for specific hardware requirements; DVD Catalyst will take
        anything that is able to run one of the supported base operating
        systems. Of course the faster the processor and the faster the
        DVD drive/Hard drive, the faster the conversions. 

        Multi-core (Dual, Quad) and multi-processor are also supported
        and used optimally for almost all conversion operations (all
        iPod-related, AVC and H264 formats). For conversion to other
        video formats multi-core helps. 


        Whats New in v3.84?:

        Important:
         Due to issues with the protection system, the trial version has
          been changed to convert 20% of Movies, TV Shows and Video
          files.

        NEW:
         Verizon/Motorola Droid Profile added, existing profiles
          modified to use actual device resolution (854480)
         New HTC Android models added (Hero, Milestone)
         Forced Subtitles Checkmark added (was always enabled in
          previous versions)
         CPU indicator checkmark (turn off to [...]



        For More Information On DVD Catalyst 3 Visit:
        http://www.dvdcatalystgt.com/products/dvd%20catalyst%203.html



                      TE Release Filename: tdvc384x.zip

                                                      
                                                              
                                      
              INSTALLATION NOTES         
                                                   
                                                               
                                                             
                                                                        

        Install dc384tr.exe found in the "Setup" folder FIRST.  After
        installation launch RetailUpdateTE.exe found in the "Retail
        Update" folder.  DVD Catalyst 3 is now ready to launch!


        Booster Pack Info:

        We have also included the Booster Pack for the retail edition
        of DVD Catalyst 3.  Read the following, if its suited towards
        your type of system:

        The Booster Pack (free download) for DVD Catalyst 3 installs an
        updated conversion engine. It enables even faster conversions,
        increased quality and better support for newer (multi-core)
        processors. Additional features in DVD Catalyst 3 Global Settings
        are available when installed to enable/disable the boosterpack
        and to configure additional threads (cores).

        
        Preview Fix Info:

        If your running Vista / Windows 7, make sure to install this
        after the Booster Pack (or after Retail Update if you choose not
        to install the Booster Pack).  Setup is found in the "Preview
        Fix" folder.

        Thats it!  Enjoy.

                                                         
                                      
                                          
              T E   2 0 0 9        
                              
                             
                  ascii             
           by mx    
                                                     
                          
                     Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code