Prince of Persia-The Sands of Time
 
  1) Mount with alcohol or daemon.(download latest alcohol from here: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5010930/Alcohol_120_Retail_1.9.8.7612)
  2) Install.
  3) Copy over the cracked .exe from CD2.
  4) And then play :)
 
 
   Hardware Requirements
Operating System: Windows 98 SE/ 2000/ ME/ XP (Tested and works on:Windows 7 Ultimate x86)
Processor: 800 MHz Pentium III or AMD Athlon
Memory: 256 MB of RAM
Video Card: 64 MB GeForce 3 or higher, or ATI® Radeon 8500 or higher, Matrox Parhelia (GeForce4 MX not supported)
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0 or higher compliant sound card
DirectX Version: 9.0 or higher (included on game disc)
Hard Drive Space: 1.5 GB minimum
CD-ROM: 16X or better (not recommended for use with CD-RWs)
Additional Supported Peripherals: ThrustMaster FIRESTORM Dual Analog 3
Controls: Windows-compatible keyboard and mouse
 
 
 
 
 

 Background
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time takes place within an exotic, mysterious world representing Persian architecture, animals and attire. After his father invades the palace of the Maharajah, the Prince, tricked by a treacherous vizier, uses a magic dagger to release the dangerous Sands of Time from an ornate hourglass. With the aid of a beautiful, mysterious, and potentially untrustworthy ally, players embody the Prince to recapture the Sands of Time and restore peace to the land.
Gameplay
Play as an acrobatic Prince who can run on walls, swing off poles, jump and flip, and much, much more. Using the Sands of Time, players can slow, stop and even reverse the flow of time to their advantage. Wield several different powerful swords and do battle with magical enemies on your mission to restore order to ancient Persia. Extra features include the complete original Prince of Persia game as well as a level from the original game redesigned in 3D.



Features
A technological masterpiece: Witness some of the most advanced programming in gaming history, pushing the limitations of consoles and raising the standards of games in all areas of production: physics, lighting, graphics, animations, and more!
An unmatched hero: Wielding powers of mythic proportions, the Prince returns to action-adventure gaming with gravity-defying acrobatics, ferocious fighting skills, and the ability to bend time to fulfill his destiny
The Sands of Time: Ubisoft's Montreal Studio presents the Sands of Time - a technological breakthrough that will change the face of action-adventure gaming forever. Erase the past, behold the future, and freeze the present in real-time for unlimited gameplay variations
Exotic worlds and vast kingdoms: Uncover the mysteries of a world never before explored in action-adventure gaming. Medieval Persia, mythical and deadly, holds a staggering array of landscapes and kingdoms to explore and conquer
A sweeping adventure of betrayal and triumph: The epic legends and deadly creatures of mythic Persia burn to life in this suspense-filled tale, featuring more twists and turns than the labyrinthine Palace itself.
