From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:

Brent has been a bit of a master at breaking new guys into bottoming as of late, but that doesn't mean he can't spend some time getting a hot, hard dick up his ass himself! When he looks so damn good doing it, and you have a young muscle stud like Alex willing to oblige, why not make precisely that happen!

Beyond the fact that we're getting to see two total studs go at it, this video did bring to mind something that I wanted to say to a great many of our fans out there. I've been getting a ton of e-mails from CF fans that have noticed - and are very appreciative of - the fact that we have been putting up 2 full, hardcore scenes each week here at CF! While doing that, we've also been introducing a new CF hottie every single week for a total of 3 updates here on ACM! Obviously, each new CF stud that appears in a solo video is someone we're doing our best to have graduate into the guy-on-guy action that shows up twice a week. But it's been incredibly fun for me to release these two hardcore videos each week, and it's all the more fun seeing that so many people enjoy it!

This has been going on for well over half a year now, and I feel bad that I'm only now getting around to thanking everyone for their kind e-mails in response to it! My excuse is that I've been so busy filming all these videos that I've not had a chance to reply ;) We're still the same price, have even more hotties going up each month, and have even more videos going up each week!

If Brent and Alex check out their updates they're probably wondering why I've drifted away from talking about them but fear not, guys, as it's back to the video! One thing I really get a kick out of when seeing Brent bottom is how he still tries to insert some of his natural dominance into it, even though getting fucked would seem to be the position more apt for being on the receiving end of dominance, as opposed to exerting it. He's just a take charge kind of guy, and I suspect that the studs that get to fuck him often end up appreciating that and getting quite a kick out of it. Alex certainly seems to, here, and is more than happy to go along for the ride.

Whether it's with Alex doing Brent doggy style; Alex on his back while Brent rides him and bounces up and down on his cock; or whether it's with Brent on his back, furiously stroking his own cock while Alex fucks him, these two studs look great and clearly enjoy the intense feelings they're experiencing!