Please seed!

Neil Sedaka (born March 13, 1939) is an American pop singer, pianist, and songwriter. His career has spanned over 50 years, during which time he has written many songs for himself and others, often working with lyricist Howard Greenfield.
Singer, songwriter, and pianist Neil Sedaka enjoyed two distinct periods of commercial success in two slightly different styles of pop music: first, as a teen pop star in the late '50s and early '60s, then as a singer of more mature pop/rock in the '70s.
In both phases, Sedaka, a classically trained pianist, composed the music for his hits, which he sang in a boyish tenor. And throughout, even when his performing career was at a low ebb, he served as a songwriter for other artists, resulting in a string of hits year in and year out, whether recorded by him or someone else. For himself, he wrote eight U.S. Top Ten pop hits,
including the chart-toppers "Breaking Up Is Hard to Do," "Laughter in the Rain," and "Bad Blood".

Neil Sedaka is another one of all those "oldies" artists where the compilation albums by far outnumber the original studio albums. Here is one and I can understand if you miss one or two songs. Maybe someone else can help us to get more Sedaka in FLAC? 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Sedaka 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:0ifrxqw5ldhe~T0


Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka
This compilation P 1996 and © 2006 
BMG UK & Ireland

01  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Oh! Carol
02  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Calendar Girl
03  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - King Of Clowns
04  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Next Door To An Angel
05  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - One Way Ticket
06  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Breaking Up Is Hard To Do
07  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Happy Birthday, Sweet Sixteen
08  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Little Devil
09  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - I Go Ape
10  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Stairway To Heaven
11  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - The Diary
12  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - That's When The Music Takes Me
13  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - You Mean Everything To Me
14  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - The Girl For Me
15  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - I Must Be Dreaming
16  Neil Sedaka - The Best Of Neil Sedaka - Let's Go Steady Again
