Velvet Revolver - The Last Fight [promo].VOB



HQ rare promo music video. "The Last Fight" is a power ballad by American supergroup Velvet Revolver, and appears on the band's second album, Libertad. The song was released on August 20 as the second single off the album, after "She Builds Quick Machines." The band began promoting the single on K Rock radio in New York, with an exclusive acoustic performance, and then live on David Letterman on August 22. This song was #62 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.

Like every other song on Libertad, the lyrics were written by lead vocalist Scott Weiland. The song is a tribute to Scott Weiland's younger brother who died of a drug overdose. It starts with a slow drum intro and vocals, the song gets stronger as it progresses until the end.

On August 3, the band filmed this music video for "The Last Fight" at the Los Angeles Theater in downtown Los Angeles. The video was directed by Rocco Guarino. 

It has a lot of symbolism, First, clouded skies appear, and then in a room Matt Sorum is playing a snare drum, then it shows Scott Weiland playing the piano and writing a book, which contains the lyrics of the song, so, one can assume that he is composing it. He is later seen playing with the band on stage. A topless woman is reading the book, then she puts on a military red jacket goes to a room with various people sitting in chairs against the wall, they are all blindfolded except her. When everyone is unfolded, they walk and enter the room where the band is. Slash plays an ES-335 in this video, instead of his usual Les Paul.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Last_Fight 
      
http://bayimg.com/PABobAAdj 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 8000kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Media Length: 00:04:03




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated September 7, 2010!

*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee)
