This is an untouched MSDN download.
RAW Filename: en_mappoint_2010_european_maps_x86_x64_dvd_458242.iso


PLS SEED AND COMMENT AFTER DOWNLOAD!!!

------------------------------------------

Explore the Features of MapPoint 2010

New features include map settings to choose what details to display on your maps, plus expanded and improved pushpins.

Tap into existing data sources. Create maps from data stored in current versions of Microsoft Office Excel, Office Access, SQL Server, or other database sources.
Tell a story, visually. Insert maps into Word documents and PowerPoint presentations to illustrate everything from sales performance to customer locations.
Extend your business. Take advantage of the extensible MapPoint object model to build custom business solutions such as fleet tracking and business intelligence.
To use MapPoint 2010, you need:

PC with 300-MHz or faster processor clock speed
Windows Vista® with 1 GB RAM, Windows XP with 256 MB RAM, Windows Server® 2008 with 512 MB RAM or Windows Server 2003 with 256 MB RAM (64-bit versions of Windows XP and Windows Server excluded); service packs for operating systems recommended
Available hard-disk space: 1.9 GB (some users may require up to an extra 300 MB)
For installation of software: DVD drive or high speed Internet access
Super VGA (1024 x 768) or higher resolution monitor
Microsoft Mouse, Microsoft IntelliMouse® or compatible pointing device
Additional items or services required to use certain features:

For Voice Output: any of the operating systems listed in the system requirements and a compatible soundcard
Microsoft compatible email software such as Microsoft Office Outlook® required to use Send to Mobile and Send To as attachment; Office Outlook 2003 or Office Outlook 2007 required to use Send To as picture
Broadband Internet service recommended for certain features, which may require payment of a separate fee to an Internet service provider; local and/or long-distance telephone toll charges may apply
GPS functionality requires a GPS device that supports NMEA 2.0 or later and an available USB port.
Certain features require Internet Explorer®. If not present, Internet Explorer will be installed but will not displace your primary browser
