With : Rabah Ameur-Zaïmèche, Ahmed Hammoudi, Brahim Ameur Zaïmeche, Farida Mouffok, Ali Mouffok, Serpentine Textier, Salim Ameur Zaïmeche, Mambi Keïta, Bastien Sion

Awards: Bronze Rosa Camuna Award - 2003 Bergamo Film Meeting Wolfgang Staudte Award- 2002 Berlin International Film Festival Léo Scheer Award- 2001 Entrevues Film Festival Best First Film 2002 Prix Louis Delluc

Running time: 1 h 23 mins

Synopsis:

Halfway between documentary and fiction, ’Wesh wesh’ is a take on the everyday life of an immigrant family which is struggling to integrate into France or, rather into the ’Cite des Bosquets’ a low-income housing project in the Parisian suburbs. Like every district, it is a world of its own, with its rules and values. Mousse, the younger brother has understood how it works there. He has integrated a gang, and deals everyday with small time drug trafficking and protects his territory. On the other hand, his older brother who just came back after 2 years in prison, wants to start a normal life and integrate into society. He understands soon enough that it is hard to succeed behind the walls of ‘Les Bosquets’. He tries to find a job, with the help of his family. But without ID papers, and with the police after him, he is stuck in the neighborhood, spending time with the street kids. One day, he finds a fishing rod, and escapes from the city, going fishing in a lake, close to where he lives…

Moving and touching, this movie does not try to be an impressive fictional tale about the ghettos, but gives an exact testimony of the lives of society’s left behind who survive through solidarity.

(if you liked Mathieu Kassovitz' movie LA HAINE, you should watch WESH WESH - an "insider" point of view)













Filmmaker’s Biography:

A long-time lover of cinema, Rabah Ameur-Zaïmeche decided in 2001, armed with a small DV camcorder, to direct Wesh, Wesh, qu’est-ce qui se passe? with a few friends, a film on a sensitive subject: the difficult re-insertion into the working world of a former delinquent. The young director took as a frame for his story the Cité des Bosquets in Seine-Saint Denis, a place that he has known well since childhood. This first shot took the Léo Sheer prize urging its distribution at the International Festival of Film de Belfort in 2001. In 2005, he signed his second production, Bled number one, in which he plays a former prisoner expelled from his country of origin, Algeria, a country that he reveals through European eyes.

Stream: Wesh Wesh ENG.avi

Duration: 1:23:52
Data Size: 1.36 GB
Bit Rate: 2.32 Mbps

Video Tracks:
704 × 384, 23.976 fps, 2.19 Mbps

Audio Tracks:
MPEG Layer-3 Audio stereo, 44.1 kHz, 128 kbps

Stream Files:
Wesh Wesh ENG.avi (1.36 GB)

French with English subtitles