In this CDRip collection with Extra Tracks i have provided the Covers and CD JPegs [Pictures]
Along With EAC Log and M3U Playlist
Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
Cheers, Bubanee

What can i say about this album that you don't know already..
Somewhat the Bible of thrash/Metal Music
Well to the new listeners and slayer fans alike from the opening track of that famous scream at the start, you'll be hooked..
This is deffo one for the annoying people who live next door who give you the shits.. [PLAY IT LOUD] and please do not play drunk because the morning clean-up and bill for damaged goods ain't worth it... mmmmmm personnel experience here.. haha
anyway enjoy the music... remember LOUD!


1. 	"Angel of Death"   	
2. 	"Piece by Piece"   	
3. 	"Necrophobic"   	
4. 	"Altar of Sacrifice"   
5. 	"Jesus Saves"   	
6. 	"Criminally Insane"   	
7. 	"Reborn"   	
8. 	"Epidemic"   	
9. 	"Postmortem"   
10. 	"Raining Blood"   	

1998 re-issue bonus tracks

11. 	"Aggressive Perfector"   	
12. 	"Criminally Insane (Remix)"   	

Reign in Blood is the third studio album and major label debut by the American thrash metal band Slayer. Released on October 7, 1986, the album was the band's first collaboration with record producer Rick Rubin, whose input helped the band's sound evolve. Reign in Blood was very well received by both critics and fans, and was responsible for bringing Slayer to the attention of a mainstream metal audience. Kerrang! magazine described the record as "the heaviest album of all time," and a breakthrough in thrash metal and speed metal.

Reign in Blood's release was delayed because of concerns regarding its graphic artwork and lyrical subject matter. The opening track, "Angel of Death", which refers to Josef Mengele and describes acts, such as human experimentation, that Mengele committed at the Auschwitz concentration camp, provoked allegations of Nazism. However, the band stated numerous times they do not condone Nazism, and are merely interested in the subject. The album was Slayer's first to enter the Billboard 200; the release peaked at number 94, and was awarded gold certification on November 20, 1992.