support article link: 
 
http://support.sprint.com/support/article/Find_and_update_the_software_version_on_your_HTC_Hero/case-gb746811-20091009-155624

"Last Updated: May 19, 2010

Just like your computer, your phone's software needs to be updated periodically to make sure you have all the latest fixes and enhancements to keep it running at optimal performance. Follow the steps below to check your current version and perform any needed updates.

Version History

Current Version:
Software – 2.27.651.5
Firmware – 2.1 Eclair

Version
	

Date released
	

Description of enhancements/fixes
Software – 2.27.651.5
Firmware – 2.1 Eclair	5/19/2010	This update includes:
- Upgraded operating system to Android 2.1 Eclair
- Enhancements to sense user interface (UI)
- Enhanced corporate email support
- Variety of minor bug fixes

Software – 1.56.651.2
Firmware – 1.5
	

11/18/2009
	

This update offers improvements to your device performance such as camera picture quality, SMS, Bluetooth and the dialer application. Also, mute and speakerphone buttons have been added to the talk screen.

Software – 1.29.651.1
Firmware – 1.5
	

10/11/2009
	

Initial Release

Check the version on your phone
To find the software version on your HTC Hero™:

   1. From the Home screen, press Menu
   2. Select Settings > About phone > Software information
   3. The software version will be listed in the format x.xx.xxx.x and the firmware version will be listed in the format x.x
   4. To return to the Home screen, select the Back key twice



Update your software

To update your Hero through computer download:

Important Note: Installing the 2.27.651.5 update will delete all the data and information on your phone. You will lose contacts that have not been synced to an email account, text messages that have not been forwarded, saved voicemail messages older than 5 days, voicemails older than 20 days that have not been listened to, and call history. The calendar and email settings will also revert back to factory defaults. Pictures, music, videos and files are stored on your microSD memory card, which should be removed before updating your phone.

Before you start the download, make sure:

    * You back up your data
          o To save important text messages, forward them to an email address:
                + Tap the Applications tab and then tap Messaging
                + Select the text message you want to save and hard press it; you will see a menu to Forward the message
          o Any installed applications downloaded from the Android market must be re-installed. To re-download applications:
                + Tap the Applications tab and then tap Market
                + If prompted, sign in with your Google account credentials
                + Tap My Downloads
                + You will see paid applications in the list shown
                + Take note of the free applications on your phone, as they will have to be searched for again and downloaded manually after the update
    * Your Hero has a fully-charged battery
    * You have the USB data cable that came with your Hero
    * You have closed all running applications on your computer and disabled standby and hibernation modes
    * You have installed HTC Sync on your computer
          o Go to HTC's support site
          o Click on the Download link for HTC Sync
          o Select Run in the dialog box and follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation



   1. To download the update software, go to our HTC Hero download site
   2. Download the RUU ROM Update Utility and save it to your computer desktop
   3. Double click the .exe file and click Run in Windows XP or Yes in Windows 7
   4. On the Welcome Screen, be sure to read the caution message and Read Me file; check the box next to I understand and click Next
   5. On the next screen, follow the steps listed and click Next
   6. You will see the message Verifying information on your Android phone. Please wait…
   7. Once the verification is finished, you will see current information about your Hero such as model ID, image version and language; click Update to proceed
   8. The screen will show information about the update; to continue, click Next
   9. You will receive a confirmation message that you are ready to update your Hero and the approximate time it will take; click Next to begin the update installation. Note: It is very important that you do not remove the USB cable or launch any programs during the update installation.
  10. The update is complete when you see the message Congratulations! Your ROM update has been completed. Your Android phone is now ready for use.; click Finish to exit
  11. Your Hero will reboot and be ready for set up"