The Reaping

 
Directed by Stephen Hopkins 

Produced by Richard Mirisch
Herb Gains
Susan Downey
Joel Silver
Robert Zemeckis
 
Written by Carey Hayes
Chad Hayes
 
Starring : Hilary Swank
David Morrissey
Idris Elba
AnnaSophia Robb
Stephen Rea 

Music by John Frizzell
 
Cinematography Peter Levy
 
Editing by Colby Parker Jr.
Tod Feuerman
 
Studio Villa
ge Roadshow Pictures
Dark Castle Entertainment 
Distributed by Warner Bros. 
Release date(s) April 5, 2007
 
Running time 99 minutes
 
Country United States 
Language English 

Budget $40 million
 
Gross revenue $62,771,059 

The Reaping is an 2007 American horror film, starring Hilary Swank. The film was directed by Stephen Hopkins for Warner Bros. and Dark Castle Entertainment. The music for the film was scored by John Frizzell.


 
Plot: 
In his room, Father Michael Costigan (Stephen Rea) puts together several photos that have been burned to form a pattern of an upside down sickle with a cross through it. The symbol is the inverted astrological symbol for Ceres, which is believed to be Satanic.

Elsewhere, Katherine Winter (Hilary Swank) and her colleague, Ben (Idris Elba), are in Chile investigating claims of a miracle. Upon exploring the area, Katherine uncovers a cache of hazardous waste illegally stashed in an underground oil well, which has ruptured, causing the biological effects of the \"miracle\". In Louisiana, Katherine receives a call from Costigan, who explains the symbol, telling her that it is a warning from God, which Katherine ignores. Later, Doug Blackwell (David Morrissey), a science teacher from a nearby town called Haven, asks Katherine to help figure out why Haven\'s river has turned red. The locals believe this a biblical plague caused by a girl, Loren McConnell (AnnaSophia Robb), who they believe killed her older brother in the river. Katherine and Ben travel to Haven and examine the river. There, Katherine meets Loren and has a vision of Loren turning the river red. Meanwhile, Ben witnesses dead frogs seemingly fall from the sky. Doug then invites them to spend the night at his house, since the town has no motel. That evening they encounter flies suddenly eating their dinner, and disease, which kills off all of a local man\'s cows. Later that night, Katherine finds Doug outside at his wife\'s grave. Katherine explains why she left the church: 5 years ago, Katherine was an ordained minister. After a year long drought while doing missionary work in the Sudan with her husband and daughter, the locals sacrificed Katherine\'s family believing they were the cause. Katherine and Doug then depart back to the house.

Later, Katherine dreams images of her in bed with Doug, visions of her past, and Loren. In the morning she goes to the McConnells\' house alone, where she finds the cult symbol on a door. She meets Loren again and, upon trying to help her, sees a series of visions that seem to show Loren killing her brother. When the visions ends, Katherine meets Loren\'s mother who is then attacked by Loren. Katherine leaves at the demand of Loren\'s mother. In town, Ben, Doug, and Katherine receive the test results from the river which is proven to be human blood. The citizens, meanwhile, are shaving the hair off all their children due to a mass outbreak of lice. Ben and Doug try to get the mayor to evacuate the town, but he and his staff are found struck down with boils. The town then forms a mob, ready to kill Loren.

Reluctantly, Katherine calls Father Costigan, who explains the cult sacrifices every second born in an attempt to create a child with \"the eyes of the Devil\" to bring them power. He also states that an angel, who cannot be harmed by the cult, will appear to destroy them. He insists that Loren is the devil child, while trying to convince Katherine that she is the angel. Suddenly, a supernatural force burns down Costigan\'s room, trapping him inside and killing him. Desperate, Katherine goes to the McConnell house where she finds the cult\'s sacrificial chamber in the basement. There, She finds Loren\'s mother, who then pulls out a gun and kills herself. Katherine grabs a nearby knife and proceeds outside where a small group has gathered, including Ben and Doug. Suddenly, thousands of locusts appear killing some of the group. Doug runs away and jumps in the river of blood, Katherine locks herself inside the house, and Ben hides in a crypt, where he discovers skeletons and bodies of sacrificed children. He calls Katherine to tell her where he is when Loren appears outside.

Katherine hurries after Ben but arrives to find him dead. She confronts Loren as darkness falls and fireballs shoot from the sky. Katherine attacks and is about to kill Loren when they share another vision. The cult, along with Doug, are shown trying to kill Loren, who was a second-born child. Loren escaped and her brother Brody stabbed her, but her wound miraculously healed, and Brody died. Katherine realizes that Loren is innocent and that she is in fact the angel that God sent. The townsfolk appear and surround the two of them as Doug tells her that God is protecting Loren, and only an ordained servant of God like Katherine can kill her. He explains that they invited Katherine to investigate the plagues because they hoped she would join them, since she had turned her back on God like they did. Katherine refuses, while reminding them that they had sacrificed generations of second-born children leaving a town of only first-borns. Suddenly the fire begins raining down on the townsfolk, killing everyone. Doug tries to use Katherine as a shield against the fire, but is ultimately killed.

Later, Katherine and Loren are driving away together, when Loren discloses to Katherine that Katherine is pregnant and can \"hear\" her son inside her. Katherine is stunned by this knowledge as this is her second child, which triggers a flashback in which she remembers the night she was with Doug. Katherine then realizes that her son is the prophesied demonic child.
