Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Obsessed" is a song performed by American R&B singer Mariah Carey, from her 12th studio album, Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel. The song, produced and written by Carey, The-Dream and Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, was released to US radio on June 16, 2009 as the first single from the album which was released on September 29, 2009.

In July the single debuted at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 making it Carey's highest chart debut since 1998, and has so far peaked at number 7. So far the single has reached number 15 in Canada, 2 in Singapore, 13 in Australia, 16 in Japan with further releases scheduled in August 2009.

The official remix feature the rapper Gucci Mane and premiered the same day the original version premiered. The remixed version is heard more often on "urban radio" but is not available. There is also a version that features the original beats with Gucci Mane as a featuring part.

The music video was directed by Brett Ratner and was shot from June 28, 2009 to June 29, 2009. Throughout the video, Carey plays herself and a male stalker. She alters her appearance to play her stalker by wearing a fake goatee along with male clothing. Two videos were shot for "Obsessed", one for the original version, and one for the remixed version, which features Gucci Mane. Both videos share a similar storyline. Carey announced on Twitter that the premiere of the "Obsessed" music video would be featured on the July 15, 2009 episode of America's Got Talent. Although the full video was expected to be shown on America's Got Talent, it only turned out to be a 2-minute preview. The full video premiered on Yahoo! Music the same day. Director Brett Ratner talked to MTV about the video: "It's not about Eminem -- we weren't like, 'Let's find an Eminem look-alike,'" he told MTV News about the stalker character in the video, which he originally wanted to be played by Ellen DeGeneres. "We weren't talking to any Eminem [look-alikes]. I guess it's a good rumor, but I don't think it's true. I don't really know. I never asked her, but then when I recommended Ellen, that's where she got the idea. [The video] was inspired by a movie that I love called 'King of Comedy,' when Sandra Bernhard was stalking Jerry Lewis -- and that's why I wanted to move it to New York," he said, adding, "Mariah loves Mean Girls. I think it's funny [when the stalker gets hit with the bus like in the film] ..." Carey visited 106 & Park to premiere the remix video for "Obsessed" on July 23, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

