ADOLF HITLER BIOGRAPHY IN ENGLISH

Adolf Hitler (German pronunciation: [ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ]; 20 April 1889 – 30 April 1945) was an Austrian-born German politician and the leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party (German: Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, abbreviated NSDAP), commonly known as the Nazi Party. He was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 and, after 1934, also head of state as Führer und Reichskanzler, ruling the country as an absolute dictator of Germany.


A decorated veteran of World War I, Hitler joined the precursor of the Nazi Party
(DAP) in 1919 and became leader of NSDAP in 1921. He attempted a failed coup called the Beer Hall Putsch in Munich in 1923, for which he was imprisoned. Following his imprisonment,in which he wrote his book, Mein Kampf, he gained support by promoting German nationalism, anti-semitism, anti-capitalism, and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and propaganda. He was appointed chancellor in 1933, and quickly transformed the Weimar Republic into the Third Reich, a single-party dictatorship based on the totalitarian and autocratic ideals of national socialism.With a passion to be an artist and an architect, young Adolf Hitler spent many years in Vienna, after dropping out of school at age 16, where he sold paintings on postcards to locals and tourists alike. Without the support of his father in his pursuits, he quickly ran out of money and lived in a homeless shelter. Some evidence suggests that Hitler was exposed more than ever to anti-Semitism during his time there, as the city had a large Jewish community, which fostered his evolving ideology.

Hitler went to Munich, Germany in 1913 and was fascinated with the architecture and art of the place. But, as he fed his aesthetic hunger, he also joined the Bavarian Army in World War I, where he served in France and Belgium under Ludwig III. He received a badge for a wound he received from enemy fire.

Becoming a German patriot, but not a full-fledged citizen meant that Hitler couldn’t hold any real public office. He remained in the Army after World War I and moved up to the position of a police spy where he was to convince other small political groups on a scheme of propaganda and ‘national thinking’ that Jews in Germany had cost them the war.
 
http://www.secondworldwar.co.uk/ahitler.html

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS

 
http://img696.imageshack.us/img696/589/adolfhitlerxvidviceavis.jpg 
http://img4.imageshack.us/img4/589/adolfhitlerxvidviceavis.jpg 
http://img688.imageshack.us/img688/589/adolfhitlerxvidviceavis.jpg