Cal Tjader & Mongo Santamaria - Latino
Label Fantasy Records (USA) 
Street Date May 30, 1994 
Quality: 320 kbps

Willie Bobo was the stage name of William Correa (February 28, 1934 – September 15, 1983), an American jazz percussionist. Willie Bobo grew up in Spanish Harlem, New York City. He made his name in Latin Jazz, specifically Afro-Cuban jazz, in the 1960s and '70s, with the timbales becoming his favoured instrument. He met Mongo Santamaria shortly after his arrival in New York and studied with him while acting as his translator, and later at age 19 joined Tito Puente for four years. During the early '50s, the nickname Bobo is said to have been bestowed by the jazz pianist Mary Lou Williams. His first major exposure was when he joined George Shearing's band. After leaving Shearing, Cal Tjader asked Bobo and Santamaria to become part of the Cal Tjader Modern Mambo Quintet, who released several albums. Willie Bobo later formed his own group. Highly successful at this attempt, Bobo released seven albums with Verve. In the late '70s, he moved out to Los Angeles, where he worked as a session musician for Carlos Santana among others, as well as being a regular in the band for Bill Cosby's variety show, Cos. In the late '70s, he recorded a couple of albums for Blue Note and Columbia Records. After a period of ill health, he died at age 49, succumbing to cancer.

This album is actually two separate Tjader album's in one. The first half is one Tjader's best, Damasiado Calliente. Unfortunately, they chose to reissue it with the Latino album cover. Vinyl collectors will remember it as one of the hottest and sexiest covers of the vinyl era. So, those of you who have been looking for Damasiado Calliente, you have to buy this album. The highlight is the four selelctions with Eddie Cano and his orchestra. Cano has absolutely no cd's on the market right now. This is unfortunate, since he was a splendid pianist who recorded for Reprise, RCA and GNP. So, if you want to hear Eddie Cano, you have to buy this cd. Tjader really swings in the big band setting. The other half of the album is not as exciting as the first half, even the liner notes are lacking. The producers have no idea when it was recorded, and this fact is stated on the notes. ~ a Reviewer CD Universe

Personnel: 
Vince Guaraldi - piano
Mongo Santamaria - percussion
Willie Bobo - percussion
Cal Tjader - vibes
Al McKibbon - bass
Paul Horn - flute
Victor Venegas - bass
Tony Terran - trumpet
Jose "Chombo" Silva - sax tenor
Eddie Cano - piano

Cal Tjader, Mongo Santamaria, Willie Bobo - Latino Tracks:
01  Manila
02  Key Largo
03  Tumbao
04  Bludan
05  Chispita
06  September Song
07  Cal's Pals
08  Para Ti
09  Mamblues
10  Afro Blue
11  Cuban Fantasy
12  Rezo
13  Mambo Terrifico
14  A Night In Tunisia
15  The Continental