Revolution Under Siege / SEP REDS

RELEASE DATE: 27-11-2010 PROTECTION: Serial
GAME TYPE: Strategy DISKS: 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible

On with the game release information:

Revolution Under Siege (RUS) is a simultaneous turn based
historical wargame that puts you in charge of one of the
factions that fought the Russian Civil War (1917-1923). From a
ragtag group of volunteers create the powerful Red Army, using
all the weaponry and equipment at your disposal: planes
tanks, armored trains, Cheka troops and the Konarmia (the
famous Red Cavalry). Or, on the opposite side, gather all
patriots and reform the elite divisions that shall save Holy
Mother Russia. Can you succeed in crushing the Bolshevik
hydra? Or will the People's Revolution prevail? Several sides
are playable: Trotsky's Red Army, Denikin's white
counter-revolutionary forces of Southern Russia, Kolchak's
Siberians, Finnish from both sides, or the newly independent
Polish troops led by Marshal Pilsudski. The game uses the AGE
engine, famous from titles such as AGEOD's American Civil War
or Wars in America, renown and awarded wargames

A map of unrivalled precision from Poland to the Pacific
Ocean

Meet again our know-how for historical realism: hundreds of
officers and units are faithfully transcript in the game

Politics, requisitions, revolts, repression: Gain support of
the population or pressure them with your political police

Cleverly use the brand new weapons of the time: tanks
armored trains and aircrafts

Recruitment, organization: Create massive armies from groups
of volunteers and send them to ambitious maneuvers and
victory

Can you capture Lenin or eliminate the different White
leaders?

Use diplomacy to trigger foreign nations entry in the war
New allies will endlessly change the course of your games!

Find out unique campaigns covering each one of the years of
the war in Russia, as well as the Finnish Civil War ( 1918 ) or
the Russian-Polish war ( 1920 ). Or rewrite history with an
ambitious "what if" scenario

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD
to the main installation folder and overwrite
5. Enter anything at the serial screen
6. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS