Following in the footsteps of the successful jazz series Verve Remixed, which paired some of the world's most adventurous DJs and producers with some of the best jazz music in history, DG is now launching a similar project with its fine catalogue of legendary classical recordings. The series is titled Deutsche Grammophon Recomposed, and it led off with the album of famous German producer and musician Matthias Arfmann, who is known for having worked with Patrice, Yello, Jan Delay and Absolute Beginner. His style is rooted in reggae, dub, and hip-hop.

Deutsche Grammophon Recomposed revisits a tradition that was already omnipresent in the time of Bach: reworking and re-processing a musical work in order to appeal to contemporary listeners.

Arfmann has chosen a number of prestigious recordings from DG's catalogue recorded by none other than Herbert von Karajan and the Berliner Philharmoniker, including pieces such as Dvorak's Symphony No. 9 "From the New World", Wagner's Overture to "The Flying Dutchman", Albinoni's "Adagio" and Tchaikovsky's "Swan Lake". These great recordings were infused with baselines, rhythms, and in some cases, texts. The result is a soulful blend of familiar melodies in multiple sonic layers - a completely new take on beloved classical works that brings out their original beauty in a completely new way.

Artists: Matthias Arfmann.
Composers: Albinoni, Dvorak, Holst, Mendelssohn, Mussorgsky, Rimsky-Korsakov, Schubert, Smetana, Tchaikovsky.
Conductors: Herbert von Karajan.
Orchestras: Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.
RECOMPOSED
Excerpts from Classical Masterpieces Remixed and Arranged by Matthias Arfmann

RIMSKY-KORSAKOV: Sheherazade Op. 35 - Symphonic Suite
HOLST: The Planets Op. 32 - 1. Mars, the Bringer of War: Allegro
DVORAK: Symphony No. 9 in E minor op. 95 "From the New World"
SMETANA: Ma Vlast: Vltava (The Moldau)
SCHUBERT: Symphony in B minor "Unfinished" D 759 - 1. Allegro moderato
WAGNER: Overture to Der fliegende Hollander
MUSSORGSKY: Pictures at an Exhibition - Gnomus: Vivo
ALBINONI / arr. REMO GIAZOTTO: Adagio in G minor for Strings and Organ
MENDELSSOHN: Overture "The Hebrides" Op. 26 ("Fingal's Cave")
TCHAIKOVSKY: Swan Lake - Suite from the ballet Op. 20
SCHUMANN: Kinderszenen Op. 15 - 12. Kind im Einschlummern