Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Before I Forget" is a Grammy Award winning song by Slipknot and the third single from their 2004 album Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses). After being nominated 6 times previous, it was the band's first ever Grammy win.

"Before I Forget" borrows certain elements from a much older Slipknot song "Carve", which was recorded before their self titled album.

The video for "Before I Forget" shows Slipknot performing the song unmasked and in casual clothes (all with black shirts), as opposed to their usual cover-alls. The video makes use of strategic camera techniques in which the members' faces are never totally shown, thus keeping with the band's running theme of anonymity. Their masks are shown next to them as they perform.

The music video for "Before I Forget" was directed by Tony Petrossian and was voted as the "Most Rocking Video" by the Scuzz audience in the Top 100 Most Rocking Videos 2007. This video also helped to garner the band its first and only Grammy win for "Best Metal Performance" in 2007.

"Before I Forget" is a playable track in the video game Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock, and is considered one of the harder songs in the game on "Expert" difficulty, mostly due to the wild chord changes and the bridge's ending. The song is also featured in the PlayStation 3 video game MotorStorm.

Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses) is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Slipknot. The album was released on May 25, 2004 through Roadrunner Records, and a special edition, containing a bonus disc, was released on April 12, 2005. It is the band's only album produced by Rick Rubin.

Following the band's tour to promote its second album in 2002, speculation regarding the future began. Some band members had already been involved in side projects including Murderdolls, To My Surprise, and the reformation of Stone Sour. However, in 2003, Slipknot moved into The Mansion to work on the album. Initially, the band was unproductive; lead vocalist Corey Taylor was drinking heavily. Nevertheless, they wrote more than enough material for a new album—the band's first to incorporate more traditional, melodic song structures and acoustic guitars.

The album received generally positive reviews. Slipknot was praised by Allmusic for its "dedication to making it a Slipknot album", while Q added that the album was "a triumph". The album peaked within the top ten in album sales across eleven countries, and went Platinum in the United States. The band also received the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance for the single "Before I Forget".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

