24 - Season 8 (Complete in Xvid/MP3)

The first season of the show featured Agent Jack Bauer, a government agent, attempting to stop the assassination of a presidential candidate while at the same time uncovering a mole within CTU (Counter-terrorist Unit). The show has since continued with different espionage conflicts throughout the seasons, but the show is always run in real-time format. 

18 months after season 7 (September 2016), The story arc involves Jack Bauer contending with assassination threats made during a peace conference between President of the United States Allison Taylor and President Omar Hassan of the fictional Islamic Republic of Kamistan (IRK), a country similar to Iran. Kamistani citizens, resentful of their nation's treatment at American hands and disappointed at Hassan's willingness to concede their attempts at developing nuclear weapons, turn against their country with the secret aid of the Russian mob, first attempting to assassinate Hassan and then to strike at America directly.
The season is set in New York City, with CTU's New York City Office having been re-activated, but while there were originally no plans for filming in New York due to budget constraints, some scenes were shot on-location.

For those who don't know the show, I included a little trailer I made.

Format :	Xvid
File size:  	359 MiB avg per episode
Duration : 	42min avg. per episode
Width : 	624 pixels
Height : 	352 pixels
Aspect ratio : 	16:9
Frame rate : 	23.976 fps
Audio: 		MP3
Nr of Files:	24 + 1(Trailer by [man-o-tor])

All files properly named, keeping the original filenames intact, I don't take credit for what I didn't do! This pack wouldn't have been possible without eztv, VTV, TvTeam, thank you all!

Please be patient, as I'm a poor guy the uploadspeed is only 1Mbit, which means after 24 hours initial seeding there should be enough seeders to get the whole thing with decent speed in a decent time.
For questions or suggestions PM me on SuprBay
  http://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=123771