Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.
                                     
                                     
                                    
                            
                                
    from the sky we will           
    rise and we will           
    conquer as we did so         
    many times before, we           
    will show the spirit           
    of ...                         
           E M B R A C E          
                                 
                                   
                                      
                                         
                                    
                                 
                                   
                                     
                                       
                                  
                                  
                                   
                                           
                                           
                                    
                                
                            
                                 
                            
                                 
                  
                              
                    + embrace + 
                                   
                         
                
              
            
                          
                 Tr!  
                                     
                
                         embrace proudly presents...     
                                                                   
                                         Phantom Burner v1.5.2.2087     
                                                    (c) PHANTOMbility      
                                                                    
     supplier.: TEAM EMBRACE     date.......: 25 Nov, 2oo9        
    cracker..: TEAM EMBRACE     size.......: 00 disks/5.00 MB   
      tester...: TEAM EMBRACE     OS.........: WinAll            
     packer...: TEAM EMBRACE     language...: English           
                                 type.......: Multimedia         
                                protection.: Serial             
                                    release....: Keymaker.Only          
                                                                    
                                                            
                                              
                                              
                                        
                                           
                             
                             
       [   PROGRAM INFO   ]    
          
                          
                                              
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                           
                                                          
                                                                   
     Phantom Burner is a virtual CD-R/DVD+RW/DVD-RAM/BD-RE   
       /CD-ROM/DVD-ROM/BD-ROM emulator. It extends the          
      ability of Phantom CD by adding burner emulation. It      
       not only allows you to mount disc image files as            
       virtual CD, DVD or Blu-ray discs, but also let you          
        create disc image files by burn to the virtual            
        CD-R/DVD+RW/DVD-RAM/BD-RE burner drive, from using any  
         disc burning software.                                   
                                                                  
         * Usage                                                  
                                                                   
         Many people understand the benefits of using disc            
       image files (like ISO) instead of real optical discs.       
        It is cheaper, faster, and you don't need to worry        
        about scratches or the storage of discs.                
                                                                  
         However, not all burning software supports disc image    
         file creation. Use Phantom Burner instead. It is a       
        virtual CD/DVD/Blu-ray burner, and allows you to           
         create disc images from any burning software.                
                                                                   
        * Audio CD Support                                        
                                                                
         This is the easiest way to create disc images for        
         audio CD's.                                              
                                                                  
        Even if a burning software supports disc image             
         creation, most likely it only supports data discs.           
       Very few burning software support disc images for           
        audio CD's.                                               
                                                                
         Phantom Burner allows you to burn virtual audio CD       
         from any burning software.                               
                                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                      
                                                                    
                                                            
                                              
                                              
                                        
                                           
                             
                             
       [   RELEASE INFO   ]    
          
                          
                                              
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                           
                                                          
     1. Download application at www.phantombility.com          
     2. Install                                              
       3. Use our keygen to register                            
         (only e-mail field is used)                            
                                                                      
       NOTE: this application is from september 2008, hence        
        why we are making this a keymaker.only                    
                                                                
         Enjoy ...                                                
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                  
                                         
                                         
                                           
                             
                             
       [       NEWS       ]    
          
                          
                                              
                                                              
              5000 releases and still going strong!              
                                                           
                                                          
                                                               
     EMBRACE  has  been around since october 2000, and most  
       of  its members for much longer. We exist to serve the   
      scene  with  quality  releases,  and to help the scene    
       maintain  some vestige of its former self.                  
                                                                   
        5000 fully working releases, and we're still dedicated    
        to what  we do best,  bringing u  quality keygens,  in  
         style! We've been around for over 6 years now,  and we   
         aren't planning on leaving anytime soon.                 
                                                                  
        Times have changed since we  first started doing this,     
         and so have we,  but we're still here.  It is however,       
       time that  the scene  itself starts  embracing some of     
         this change aswell,  instead of  dwelling on the past.    
        Because of this,  we would like to ask  all our fellow  
         sceners to consider the following:                       
                                                                    
          STOP FLOODING OUR SITES WITH CRAP!    We have enforced    
          a 1-month MU  rule on our  own releases,  and we would    
          like  YOU  to follow our  lead.  Everyone is  tired of    
          releasing/testing/trading  the same releases over  and    
          over again, and it's up to *us*  to change this. There    
          are plenty of uncracked, useful applications out there,   
          begging for some attention.  So stop wasting your time    
          on crap just because it updates a lot and it serves in    
          boosting  the number of  releases your group does.  We    
          know  that we've done  similar things in the past,  as    
          most groups, but this doesnt dismiss the truth in this    
          message, its never too late to change.                    
                                                                    
          In  light of  this same issue,  we would also  like to    
          encourage  everyone to  TEST  your  releases! We spend    
          *a lot* of time to make sure everything we pre  WORKS,    
          and so should you! Remember, *WE* ARE the SCENE and we    
          SHOULD enforce some standards on ourselves!               
                                                                    
          You don't agree?  Fine,  we'll keep doing what we feel    
          is  right anyway,  and the  end-user  can continue  to    
          expect quality over quantity from us.                     
                                                                    
          As a final note,  I would like  to send out  greetings    
          to all our  past and present  members for  making this    
          group of ours what it is. I love you all!                 
                                                                    
                                 -(e)-                              
          "once you've tried it, you'll never want anything else"   
                                                                    
               EMBRACE does this for fun, not for profit.           
                                                                    
                                                  
                                         
                                         
                                           
                             
                             
       [    DISCLAIMER    ]    
          
                          
                                              
                                                              
                                                                
                D  I  S  C  L  A  I  M  E  R          
                                                         
                                                               
       EMBRACE,  nor its members,  can be held  responsible   
        for anything they release.  If it is illegal in your    
       country (as it is in most), you  ARE NOT ALLOWED  to    
       use it, under any circumstances. We are in the scene     
       for the fun,  NOT to harm software developers.  Good     
        software deserves your respect, go buy it!              
                                                                
                                                               
        Our  software is released "as is".  We are in no way    
      to be blamed for anything that happens to your pc if  
       you use this.  The author here by  disclaims all the     
         warranties  related to  this software,  expresed  or       
       implid, including damage to hardware/software and/or     
          any date from the user of this product.               
                                                               
        Your use of this product  assumes that you have read      
       and accepted this disclaimer.                            
                                                               
                                                               
                                                                
                                                 
        
          
        
                           
                           
                      
                
                   
       [    GREETS     ]    
              
                             
                                                     
                                                                 
                                                                
                                                                 
                                                               
                                                          
                      Greetings to                     
                                                                 
                  SSG TMG ECLiPSE ZWT AGAiN SHOCK LND         
                                                                     
                    CAFE DAMN TNO iTR BAT ADDICTION dFs            
                                                                     
                   ... and all our old members ...            
                                                               
                                                      
                                                           
                                                                 
                                                               
                                             
                                           
                                 
                              
        [    CONTACT US    ]    
         
                          
                                            
                                                              
                                                                
                                                            
            Contact us                                     
                                                               
             E-MAIL: NOT/NEVER AVAILABLE             
               IRC   : NOT/NEVER AVAILABLE                 
             WWW   : NOT/NEVER AVAILABLE           
                                                          
                                                                 
               don't try to contact us, if we need you          
                         we will contact you.               
                                                               
                                            
                                    
                                     
                                     
                        
                         
               
                                             
                                                 
                       NFO last updated 02 jun 2006   
                       Created by tross / cRo