Calendar Girls - (Helen Mirren - Julie Walters)(2003)[DvdRip-DivX -English]

Starring

Helen Mirren
Julie Walters
John Alderton
Linda Bassett
Annette Crosbie
Philip Glenister
Ciarán Hinds
Celia Imrie
Geraldine James
Penelope Wilton
George Costigan
Graham Crowden
John Fortune
Georgie Glen
Angela Curran

General
Complete name :cg divx
Format : DivX
Format/Info : Hack of AVI
File size : 1.31 GiB
Duration : 1h 43mn
Overall bit rate : 1 805 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP : No
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Codec ID : DX50
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5
Duration : 1h 43mn
Bit rate : 1 344 Kbps
Width : 704 pixels
Height : 302 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.35
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.253
Stream size : 998 MiB (74%)
Title : Video
Writing library : DivX 2851

Audio
ID : 1
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Codec ID : 2000
Duration : 1h 43mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 448 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Surround: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Stream size : 333 MiB (25%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
Title : Audio

Text : English on/off
Format : DivX Subtitle
Codec ID : DXSB
Codec ID/Info : Subtitle in AVI from DivX networks
Width : 640 pixels
Height : 480 pixels
Resolution : 4 bits
Stream size : 2.36 MiB (0%)
Title : Subtitle

IMDB Rating =

6.9//10

Plot

Calendar Girls is about the women of the Rylstone Women's Institute in North Yorkshire. This Women's Group produces a calendar each year based around scenes of the Yorkshire dales. In 1999, one of the ladies husbands became ill with leukemia. He would say that if the ladies planted Sunflowers, he'd make sure he'd get better so he could see them. Unfortunately, he didn't pull through and in order to raise funds for Leukemia research the women decided to make an alternative calendar of themselves in the nude hoping to sell a few hundred copies around their villages. This calendar in fact became a worldwide sensation, out-selling even those of Britney Spears
and Cindy Crawford.


Review From IMDB

One of the most delightful films of recent years, `Calendar Girls,' a distaff version of `The Full Monty,' is the true story of a group of middle-aged English women who became international celebrities when they designed and posed for a nude fundraising calendar that sold millions of copies worldwide. Julie Walters and Helen Mirren head a wonderful cast, with Walters as a woman whose husband dies of leukemia and Mirren as her best friend who comes up with the idea of the calendar as a way of both honoring his memory and raising money for the local hospital.

The risk for any `feel good' comedy is that it will become cloying, coy or cutesy. Luckily, `Calendar Girls' boasts an enormously witty screenplay and first-rate performances by its highly gifted cast. Each of the `girls' is given her own unique personality so that we see them not just as a group, united in this inspiring endeavor, but as individuals working through their own personal demons on the rode to the project's completion. The women face the expected roadblocks and snafus in the form of `shocked,' disapproving voices in the community, but their belief in the rightness of their cause brushes all such problems aside.

This charming film provides more genuine, out-and-out laughs than almost any comedy of recent times. `Calendar Girls' is heartwarming, touching and inspiring – and what more could one ask from a `feel-good' film than that?