This is England '86 is a British drama written by Shane Meadows and Jack Thorne. It is set three years after the original film, This Is England, where Shaun (Thomas Turgoose) is sitting his final CSE  exams. It stars the original cast, as well as a large cast of extras who play students also sitting the exam with Shaun. Shaun no longer has skinhead style hair, and plays less of a central role than in the film.

On 26 August 2009, Channel 4 said it would fund a four-part television drama, This Is England '86, to be written by Shane Meadows and Jack Thorne. Meadows said:

    When I finished This Is England, I had a wealth of material and unused ideas that I felt very keen to take further – audiences seemed to really respond to the characters we created and out of my longstanding relationship with Film4 and Channel 4 the idea for a television serial developed. Not only did I want to take the story of the gang broader and deeper, I also saw in the experiences of the young in 1986 many resonances to now – recession, lack of jobs, sense of the world at a turning point. Whereas the film told part of the story, the TV series will tell the rest.

It will be set when the 1986 FIFA World Cup was in Mexico, Chris de Burgh was number one in the music charts and 3.4 million people were unemployed in Britain. As Shaun completes his last school exam, he realizes he will have to find his way in the world. His friends — including Woody, Lol, Smell, Gadget, and Meggie — are still around, looking for love, entertainment, and employment. Meadows said that Combo (again played by Stephen Graham) would return, that the fate of Milky would be revealed, and that a wedding between Woody and Lol would be called off. He said if the series succeeded, he would follow it with another series.

On 6 January 2010, Meadows said on his website that the project would be called This Is England '86. He said Milky was alive and that Woody has a factory job and is about to marry Lol. He later added that scooters including Vespa and Lambretta will be used in the series - reflecting the Scooterboy  movement in the mid-late 1980s. This is the first time that he has had a female-lead story. The series will focus upon the character of Lol, with a supporting cast featuring much of the original gang. Meadows has said on his official site that what happens will change Lol forever and that it includes some of the most challenging scenes of his career.

Much of the series was filmed around Gleadless Valley area of Sheffield. However, the school in which Shaun sits his History exam is Gladyys Buxton school in Dronfield. The school is currently disused, and its mid 1980's design fits well with the time period making it an ideal place to film. Students in years 10 and 11 of local secondary school Dronfield Henry Fanshawe School were used as extras, playing Shaun's classmates who are also sitting the exam.