Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Got Your Back" is a song by American rapper T.I. The song features American R&B singer-songwriter Keri Hilson who he wrote the DJ Toomp-produced track with. Succeeded by the street singles "I'm Back" and "Yeah Ya Know (Takers)", "Got Your Back" serves as the first official single off T.I.'s upcoming seventh studio album, No Mercy and can be found as a bonus track on T.I.'s mixtape prior to the album, F*** a Mixtape.

The music video was directed by Chris Robinson. It was filmed on June 30, 2010, and premiered on July 22, 2010. It features cameo appearances from T.I.'s then fiancé Tameka "Tiny" Cottle, and actors Lance Gross and Jill Marie Jones.

In an interview with Jamie Foxx, when asked about the song, T.I. said, "[It's] basically just me showing my appreciation to all the ladies who got they man’s back in the world, acknowledging the one who had my back and acknowledging the ones that got they man’s back at the same time."

The song features a "bright", "bouncy" electro/synth beat. Hilson sings the hook, while T.I. raps the verses and harmonizes in the song's melodic bridge. According to Robbie Daw of Idolator the song's intro is reminiscent of Hilson's "Knock You Down". Although stating the song fell a little short, a Chicago Now writer called it a "solid, feel-good summer joint", and commented, "All the elements are here for this one to blow up with the masses: a catchy, repetitive hook from Keri Hilson, a poppy, feel-good production, and some memorable messages from T.I."

According to DJBooth, the song "essentially attempts to recreate the success of 'Whatever You Like', calling the Hilson-T.I. pairing, "A combination like that could only mean one thing; we’ve got a hit on our hands." Ed Easton Jr. of WXRK said the song takes T.I. back to "Whatever You Like", commenting, "Keri Hilson adds a perfect mix of pop and passion to the hook of the song, as it is a bit of a dance track that all the ladies and some guys can vibe to this summer." UK SoulCulture thought that releasing a "song for the streets and song for the ladies" was trying to recreate the vibe of his last album, but wasn't sure if the latest set lived up to par. Andrew Martin of Prefix Magazine was less than impressed with the song, calling Hilson's hook and T.I.'s sing-song moments "cringe worthy."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/