Taking inspiration from classic Pop, Reggae, Drum & Bass, and Funk, writer- producer- singer Steve Appleton crosses genres to create a sound that is totally distinctive, fresh and original.

Born in Surrey,england 19 years ago, Steve started playing piano aged 7, and with the help of his family, quickly discovered a talent for music.

By his teens Steve was playing guitar as well, and started to write and record his own music at home in a bedroom studio. "I had a low budget setup, but enough to master the basics of production," says Steve.

Aged 15, Steve got a job in a restaurant in London’s Soho, playing jazz piano for four hours a night, twice a week as diners ate fine French cuisine. "This was where I discovered my love for playing live music, and getting paid for it was a bonus. I used to improvise a lot and made sure a song never sounded the same twice" says Steve.

Steve's talents were quickly spotted by manager John Black. "I watched Steve develop himself to the point I knew we were ready to approach labels", says John. There was immediate interest from several, but RCA were always the first choice.

Steve was also quickly snapped up by music publishing giant EMI. This debut album was entirely written, recorded and produced by Steve in his re-built home studio. "I'm lucky RCA trusted me to do it all myself" Says Steve.

Steve’s influences come from all genres. "I like Bob Marley to Shy FX, Stevie Ray Vaughan to Nas and most things in-between, I don’t discriminate” says Steve.

Steve has recently taken his unique sound onto the live circuit, where he is winning audiences from across the country.

One listen to Steve Appleton would dispel any notion that he is 'just another singer-songwriter'. There is no one else who makes pop music quite like his. Check him out.

 Track List:
01. Rule The World
02. The Bright Side
03. Seeing Stars
04. Wake Up Honey
05. Dirty Funk
06. When The Sun Comes Up
07. Have A Go Hero
08. Funky Joes
09. Stay Strong
10. City Won't Sleep
11. My Little Girlfriend
12. Sunny Days Of Summer
13. London, Tokyo, Paris
14. That's Life
15. Seems A Little
