A Nightmare On Elm Street Boxset LKRG

PLOT
A Nightmare on Elm Street is an American horror franchise that consists of nine slasher films, a television show, novels, and comic books. The franchise began with the film series created by Wes Craven. The franchise is based on the fictional character Freddy Krueger, introduced in A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), who stalks and kills teenagers in their dreams. If Freddy kills the teenager in the dream world then they are ultimately killed in the real world. His motives were to seek revenge on their parents, who had burned him alive years before the events of the first Nightmare film. The original film was written and directed by Craven, who returned to co-script the second sequel, A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors (1987), and to write and direct New Nightmare (1994).
The original film was released in 1984. A series of sequels produced by the independent film company New Line Cinema followed. New Line often attributes the growth of their company to the success of the Nightmare franchise. The film series as a whole has received mixed reviews by critics, but has been a financial success at the box office. When comparing the United States box office grosses of other American horror film series, A Nightmare on Elm Street is the third highest grossing franchise in adjusted US dollars. In 1988, a television series was produced with Freddy as the host. The pilot episode focused on the night Freddy was burned alive by the angry parents of the children he had killed, though the rest of the series featured episodes with independent plots. Twelve novels, separate from the adaptations of the films, and multiple comic book series were published featuring Freddy Krueger.

A Nightmare On Elm Street 1 - 1984 - 1 
A Nightmare On Elm Street 2 - 1985 - Freddy's Revenge. 
A Nightmare On Elm Street 3 - 1987 - Dream Warriors 
A Nightmare On Elm Street 4 - 1988 - The Dream Master 
A Nightmare On Elm Street 5 - 1989 - The Dream Child 
A Nightmare On Elm Street 6 - 1991 - Freddy's Dead 
A Nightmare On Elm Street 7 - 1994 - New Nightmare 
A Nightmare On Elm Street 8 - 2003 - Freddy vs Jason 
