Product Description
Learn how to tap into the creative part of your brain to create amazing digital art in Photoshop CS4. This exciting, full-color guide is designed especially for artists and photographers who want to harness the thrilling potential of the new release of Photoshop. You’ll go beyond cookie-cutter techniques and discover unique ideas for creative expression so you can create melting landscapes, perform face lifts, and find other lesser-known effects. Timesaving techniques allow you to devote more time to the creative process.
Note: CD-ROM/DVD and other supplementary materials are not included as part of eBook file. 

From the Back Cover
Discover your creative side

If you want to tap the full power of Photoshop to create digital art that dazzles, you've come to the right place. Photoshop guru and author Al Ward launches you on an exciting journey through little-known photo manipulation techniques that will fire your brain for some truly creative work. Use the inspirational tutorials to tap into your right brain and Photoshop CS4. Create glass textures or striking reflections on water, shape otherworldly landscapes or creatures and scenes from nightmares—this compelling book will expand your skills beyond the everyday and unleash your true artistry.

Master Blend If, extraction, layer masks, and other Photoshop tools essential for freeing your brain

Glamorize portraits by erasing wrinkles, changing eye color, and whitening teeth

Learn out-of-your-head special effects, such as creating plastic or glass textures or intertwining objects

Add mood to your images, create reflections on water, and light up the sky with patterns

Bring out your inner Van Gogh with sketching, painting, and pencil tools

Turn flesh to stone, make a cyborg, and learn other ways to turn people into exotic art

Add drama to your photos with moody color alterations and reductions

Paint like a pro using combinations of filters, adjustments, and brushing techniques

Transform portraits and landscape images into scenes from nightmares and realms of the fantastic.

amazon.com