Who is Meher Baba:

Born on 25 February 1894, Meher Baba attained God-realization at the age of 19. He embarked on his mission as a Spiritual Master in the early 1920s. On 10 July 1925 he began his silence and did not speak again for the remainder of his physical lifetime. The decades that followed witnessed the establishment of centers at Meherabad and Meherazad (near Ahmednagar, India) and other places. He worked intensively with the poor, lepers, and with spiritually advanced souls known as masts. Meher Baba held many mass darshan programs. Toward the end of his life he remained in seclusion, for the most part, to complete his Universal Work. In 1954 Meher Baba declared that he is Avatar of the age. He dropped his physical form on 31 January 1969.

Description:

GOD SPEAKS 
The Theme of Creation and Its Purpose 
By Meher Baba 
Second Edition, 
Revised and Enlarged 
SUFISM REORIENTED 

Quote:

'ALL souls (atmas) were, are and will be in the Over-Soul 
(Paramatma). 
Souls (atmas) are all One. 
All souls are infinite and eternal. They are formless. 
All souls are One; there is no difference in souls or in their being 
and existence as souls. 
There is a difference in the consciousness of souls; 
there is a difference in the planes of consciousness of souls; 
there is a difference in the experience of souls and thus 
there is a difference in the state of souls. 
Most souls are conscious of the gross body (sthul sharir); 
some souls are conscious of the subtle body (pran); 
a few souls are conscious of the mental body (mind or mana); 
and 
a very few souls are conscious of Self. 
Most souls have experience of the gross sphere (world); 
some souls have experience of the subtle sphere (world); 
a few souls have experience of the mental sphere (world); and 
a very few souls have experience of the Over-Soul. 
Most souls are on the gross plane (anna bhumika); 
some souls are on the subtle plane (pran bhumika); 
a few souls are on the mental plane (mano bhumika); and 
a very few souls are on the plane beyond the mental plane 
(vidnyan).' Meher Baba

Comment:

This is one of the most important book you will ever read in your life. However, you will only appreciate it, if you are mature and ready for it.

Files:

Part 1: godspeaks_p1.pdf - 2.0 MB - 198 pages
Part 2: godspeaks_p2.pdf - 2.3 MB - 163 pages 
