Helium Music Manager7.1 Network edition
Full Version with serial

Command an army of songs!  Helium Music Manager is a music manager that can rip, tag, play, 
browse, search, rename, burn and synchronize your music with a portable player. You can take 
control of your music collection. Stop spending time looking for files on your computer or 
hunting through CDs, vinyl records and tapes - instead, simply enjoy and explore your music! 
Helium Music Manager can replace your ripper, player, tag editor and other audio related software. 
Helium Music Manager is a music tagger, renamer, cataloguer, browser, playlist manager and 
report creator. It can catalogue, edit and play the most common music formats (MP3, Ogg, WMA, 
iTunes M4A, FLAC, APE and MPC) as well as standard Audio CDs. Catalogue your entire music music 
collection with just a few clicks, regardless which media the music is stored on. 
Use the new built in Music Information Browser to navigate through your music collection 
in an intuitive manner by means of a Web style user interface. 
Helium makes it easy to find your favorite music by searching for criteria such as Artist, 
Title, Genre, Rating etc. Avoid manual typing by downloading artist and title information from 
various sources on the Internet (CDDB, Amazon.com, AllMusic, Discogs to mention a few). 
Helium supports downloading of album pictures, artist pictures, track information, artist 
relations, biographies, discographies and lyrics.


• Supports your iPod or Zen. Synchronize and play music from your iPod, Creative Zen, 
mobile phone or other portable device. Helium Music Manager supports a wide variety of players.
• Explore your music your way. Browse and play your music depending on the situation. 
Be the DJ - take your entire collection on your laptop to your friends party. 
Impress your family - bring Helium Music Manager to your Full-HD television and 
redefine music entertainment!
• Download covers for your albums. Easily find your albums by browsing their album art. 
Helium Music Manager has built-in facilities to quickly find and download album art.

Features:
• Import
Supports mp3, mp4, flac, ogg, wma and more as well as audio CDs, vinyl and tapes. 
For user with large collections we offer support for Microsoft SQL Server and 
MySQL for improved performance.
• Tag
Add or correct missing or incorrect meta-data using the many tools available for 
tagging your files.
Remove, switch, add or copy tag contents between files and fields using batch 
operations.
• Manage
Download album pictures, analyze quality and repair broken mp3 files.
Automatically rename files and create custom folder structures, convert files to different formats.
• Explore
Many different ways of browsing your music. Album and artist pictures as well as detailed listings.
Easily filter your content, search for your favourites and create playlists.
• Play
Play music, scrobble to Last.fm, stream through Shoutcast. 
Show your friends what you are playing on Windows Live Messenger.
Display visual effects and enjoy automatic playback with built-in features.
• On-the-go
Synchronize to your iPod, Creative Zen or other portable music device, cell phone or netbook.
Burn Audio or Data CDs, export playlists and create reports for printing.

Supported OS: Windows XP/ x64, Windows Vista/ x64, Windows 2003 Server, Windows 2008 Server, Windows 7/ x64

Install notes:

Unpack rar archive
run installer helium_7.exe
Enter license details when asked. (see serial.txt for License key)

Enjoy,  TrT
