TuneUp Utilities™ 2011  V.10.0.2011.65

Overview of all functions

The perfect thing Windows® tinkerers: the new "Overview of all functions" category on the Start Center. It gives you immediate access to all 32 TuneUp Utilities™ 2011 functions as well as settings, so your favorite functions are right there when you need them. You’ll also find the well-laid-out Optimization Report, TuneUp Utilities™ update function and a useful editor for working with the Windows® registry.


Show Optimization Report


Show Optimization Report
Clearly shows how many PC problems were already fixed
Gives you an overview of performance optimizations
Includes results from the last 7 days, 30 days and from when TuneUp Utilities™ 2011 was first installed

Confidence and safety are written in capital letters in the TuneUp Optimization Report. It shows you how many unnecessary files were cleaned out, how many orphaned registry entries were deleted and how many PC problems were fixed. The report contains the actions of the last 7 days, the last 30 days, and even those since the installation of TuneUp Utilities™ 2011.

We’re always continuing to develop TuneUp Utilities™ 2011 so it’s state of the art. You get a list of available updates with a brief description of new or changed functions and can automatically download these after confirmation—at no charge, of course.


Check for updates
Always keeps TuneUp™ 2011 up to date
Guarantees up-to-date help through constant enhancements
Provides free updates for download

TuneUp Utilities™ 2011 supports PC professionals who want to edit the Windows® registry themselves. And they are more comprehensive and easier to use than "regedit", the registry editor Windows® provides. The software includes an easy-to-use search function and intuitive favorites function and makes it simple to edit permissions. Unwanted changes can be undone in the TuneUp Rescue Center.

Customize Windows®

You can quickly give your Windows® installation a new look when you use TuneUp Utilities™ 2011: Stylish boot screens, icons, and animations will bring a breath of fresh air to your desktop. You can also use the software to easily change over 400 program and system setting—just use your imagination.


Change Windows® appearance


Personalize the appearance of Windows®
Improves the appearance of your Windows® interface with TuneUp Styler
Replaces all visual elements effortlessly and safely
Provides free design template downloads
More

Modify Windows® settings


Personalize options and behavior
Affects over 400 Windows® settings
Explains each setting clearly and understandably
Saves you from having to make risky changes to the registry



Edit the registry
Simplifies registry editing for PC professionals
Saves time thanks to the bookmark and search function
Allows you to undo changes (via the TuneUp Rescue Center)

Fix problems

TuneUp Utilities™ performs approximately 200 checks with respect to Windows® settings, drivers, security, privacy, hard disk space, and Windows® Update. With just a few clicks, typical weak areas and incorrect settings in your PC as well as the most common Windows® problems are fixed in a flash. On top of that, TuneUp Utilities™ keeps your hard disk in shape and lets you restore any files you’ve deleted accidentally—easily, quickly and reliably.


Check system and fix problems


Fix common problems
Fixes common Windows® problems in a flash
Fixes errors in displaying desktop icons
Safely takes care of changes to the registry
More

Check hard disk for errors
Finds errors on data media
Repairs damaged or missing files
Effectively prevents loss of data
More

Display and close running processes
Precisely shows processor utilization and memory use
Provides information on file accesses by active programs
Gives you an overview of open processes
More

Restore deleted files
Restores deleted files
Saves data given up for lost
Also works with USB sticks and memory cards
More

Show system information
Shows all details on hardware and software
Gives you an overview of all computer resources
Provides information about the entire system, fast and easily

Gain disk space

When the hard disk is full, Windows® gets tired, installations terminate and programs no longer start. TuneUp Utilities™ 2011 is the remedy you need: It deletes data trash that is automatically generated when Windows® and other programs are used so your PC is back to working quickly and reliably.


Clean hard disk


Clean hard disk
Finds unnecessary files and old backups
Examines unused Windows® functions
Cleans out unnecessary data with the click of a button
More

Analyze memory usage and delete data


Find and delete large amounts of data
Discovers greedy memory hogs
Deletes unnecessary data dead weight
Creates new, intelligent ordering
More

Securely delete data
Delete sensitive data for good
Provides three different methods: from fast to secure
Guarantees maximum privacy

Optimize system

Over time, numerous programs, background functions and unnecessary registry entries accumulate on your PC and severely tie down your system down. The result: Computer startup is sluggish, your computer works slowly, and displays error messages. With a total of nine new optimization functions, TuneUp Utilities™ 2011 prevents performance and stability loss and gives you an immediate increase in performance! Above all, the new TuneUp Program Deactivator adds a noticeable boost when working, surfing, and gaming. and gives you that "Windows® like it was on the very first day!" feeling.


Reduce system load


Disable programs
World innovation: TuneUp Program Deactivator
Ensures maximum performance and a rejuvenated Windows®
Prevents your PC from being slowed down by those programs
you rarely or never use
Provides you a smart alternative to uninstalling all those programs
Gives you complete control over your system load
More

Rating function for programs
Provides support targeted to your tuning decisions
The star rating system makes things easy to understand
Evaluates programs based on the experiences of other users
More

Uninstall unneeded programs
Provides information on unneeded programs
Points out software that hogs up memory
Give you more speed on your PC
More

Disable startup programs
Reduces PC startup time
Removes annoying icons and balloons from the taskbar notification area.
Maximizes performance

Perform maintenance tasks manually


Clean registry
Keeps errors in Windows® and programs to a minimum
Displays details on current problems
Cleans the registry with just a few clicks
More

Defragment registry
Repairs structural defects
Frees up unused disk space
Effectively prevents loss of performance
More

Remove broken shortcuts
Creates order on your PC
Deletes orphaned shortcuts and references
Avoids error messages when launching shortcuts
More

Accelerate system startup and shutdown
Reduces Windows® startup and shutdown times
Shows which programs have a negative effect on system startup
Optimizes system and program settings
More

Defragment hard disk
Reduces program loading time
Speeds up opening and copying of files
Allows programs and games to run more smoothly


AND PLENTY MORE!!!

all windows