Too Naughty to Say No (1985)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0128778/ 
http://www.iafd.com/title.rme/title=Too+Naughty+to+Say+No/year=1984/too-naughty-to-say-no.htm 
http://www.rogreviews.com/reviews/read_review.asp?sku=3041 
http://www.adultdvdtalk.com/reviews/read_review.dlt/sku=9184/suze-randall-classics-too-naughty-to-say-no.htm

Studio  Suze Randall 
Release Date  April 1985 (USA)
Category  Classic, Big Tits 
Director  Suze Randall 
Starring  Jamie Gillis, Angel, Ginger Lynn, Raven, Cody Nicole, Harry Reems 

Scene 1: 
Jamie Gillis shows up in a Trans Am and picks up the two girls so that they can 'party.' And if you know Jamie Gillis, you know what kind of party he wants. Clad in some fancy snakeskin pants, he and Ginger soon disrobe and fuck in front of the na?ve Angel. Jamie eats away at Ginger for a few minutes and then she returns the favor. By the time Gillis starts tapping Ginger from behind, Angel's got her skirt up and her fingers in. As Gillis mounts Lynn missionary style, Angel starts fingering herself. Gills moves his mouth to Lynn's ass, then slips in a finger in there just for kicks while he pokes her pussy with his dick. Ginger finds herself a dildo and uses it on Angel, who's starting to get really excited now. Gillis pulls out of Lynn and shoots all over her back.

Scene 2: 
In the brothel we see a black man (calling himself Mr. Love) and a pink haired eighties new wave/punk chick going at it. She's riding him reverse cowgirl style until he shoves her off then bends her over the bedside. Soon it's back on the bed and he goes at her from behind, then pulls out to shoot on her ample breasts.

Scene 3: 
Lisa De Leeuw and two masked men are teaming up for a suck and fuck session that finds her with a cock in her mouth and another in her pussy from behind, which then moves into her ass. The slam away at her until masked man #1 blows his wad all over her backside, making room for masked man #2 to come in and take over where he left off. He slams her pussy until he's good and ready them pulls out and coats her furry mound in his man chowder.
 
Scene 4: 
Angel is brought into the brothel where a priest, a Nazi, a guy in a loud red shirt and businessman are all enjoying the employees. Angel sits on a mattress in front of them all, watching the bevy of beauties suck and fuck the three men in a massive orgy scene. She simply spins and dances in front of the group while the go at it from all sorts of different angles and orifices, which all ends in much ejaculatory fluids flying around.

Scene 5: 
Angel escapes from the brothel and is picked up by two cops who decide to investigate her case by having sex with her. She has her pussy eaten while she blows the other cop, then flips around to suck off the other one while cop number one fucks her doggy style. Eventually both men finish their work and come all over her.

Scene 6: 
After leaving the police, a random flasher chases Angel to an underground lair with a mattress where she gives him an extremely enthusiastic blowjob. Soon he flips her onto her back and goes at her from above, then flips her over for some doggy style action. By the time he gets her on her side, he's ready to come and he does just that all over her belly. Sadly for Angel, she dies after this rendezvous!

Scene 7: 
Harry Reems isn't one to let death get in the way of a good lay, so her fingers Angel despite the fact that she's dead. He's soon ready to rock out with his cock out and he puts it in her mouth, and then brings her back to life by eating her pussy. Soon he's got her doggy style on the chair then he flips her over, puts her legs behind her head, and after pumping away at her, pulls out to put it in her mouth where she sucks him to a goopy white finish.

Scene 8: 
When she wakes up laying in a pile of garbage bags, Angel is discovered by Cody Nicole who has a lesbian longing for Angel's goods. The two go at it in the car while two goofy looking hornball guys watch through the windows, rubbing their dicks across the windshield. Cody eats Angle's pussy and then the two switch off so she can return the favor, all the while the two guys are jerking off outside. The girls wind up in a really hot sixty-nine, sucking away at each other with no small amount of enthusiasm. The two guys outside spurt all over the windows just in time for the girls to bring each other to a riveting climax.

