

 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

Chris Thompson, also known as Chris Hamlet Thompson (born 9 March 1947) is an English singer and guitarist known both for his work with Manfred Mann's Earth Band and for his solo accomplishments.
Thompson was born on 9 March 1947 in the United Kingdom but raised in New Zealand. His early musical experience was whilst still at school with a band (The Paragons) that played at the weekly church youth club dances. Later, as his talent became clear, the band was reformed as Dynasty with other musicians and achieved much local success on the New Zealand music scene.
In 1973 he returned to England to pursue a music career, eventually joining Manfred Mann's Earth Band.
In 1978 he featured in Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds, where he sang the lyrics for the song "Thunder Child". After several years with Manfred Mann's Earth Band, Thompson left in 1979 and formed the Los Angeles band Night, which enjoyed two hits during its lifetime. One of them, "If You Remember Me," the theme song for Franco Zeffirelli's remake of The Champ (1979 film), was initially credited solely to Thompson; later pressings of the single were credited to "Chris Thompson and Night." After the band broke up in 1982, he rejoined the Earth Band.
In 1981, Thompson released his debut album, Out Of The Night. This was followed by five more albums, most recently Won't Lie Down (2001).
In 1986 Thompson sang vocals on a solo Steve Hackett (ex-Genesis) album. The album featured performances by such artists as Brian May (Queen), Pete Trewavas (Marillion), Ian Mosley (also from Marillion), and Bonnie Tyler. However, the album, entitled Feedback 86, was not released until 2002.
In 1990 Thompson recorded the single, "This Is The Moment", as the official theme song for the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland. 
In 1995 Chris performed "You're The Voice" in The Netherlands at the "Bevrijdingsfestival" (World Liberty concert) as the grand finale of this event.
In 2006 he joined Jeff Wayne for a second time to tour as The Voice of Humanity in the live version of The War of the Worlds. According to the special features of disc two of the War of The Worlds Live DVD, it is mentioned that Chris designed some artwork for The War of the Worlds.
Thompson has been featured on several albums by artists such as Alan Parsons, Jan Hammer, Steve Hackett, Bonnie Tyler, Mike Oldfield, and Sarah Brightman, as well as providing back up vocals for the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert, and later for Brian May of Queen, during his first few solo concerts, in South America in 1992.
As a songwriter, his greatest success was contributing to John Farnham's single "You're the Voice" which reached Top 10 positions in many countries across the world.
Thompson has also been involved with the SAS band (Spike's All Star Band) where he has performed numerous songs, especially the one done by Thompson with Manfred Mann's Earth Band, "Blinded By the Light".

Please SEED and enjoy, thanks, thanks and thanks so mutch........!

