The Royle Family - The complete Episode Collection. DVDrips - All .avi

All 18 episodes of the hit BBC comedy plus all 5 specials.


Hi everyone. Sorry it\'s been a while but what with new laws in the U.K and running out of ideas, thought i\'d give it a rest for a little while! :) 

As far as i\'m aware this is the only complete, up-to-date episode collection available on TPB.

Please be aware I know other torrents exist with some extra\'s but they don\'t have all the episodes.

The Royle Family is a popular, BAFTA award-winning television comedy drama produced by Granada Television for the BBC, which ran for three series between 1998 and 2000, with specials in 1999, 2000, 2006, 2008 and 2009. It is about the lives of a television fixated Manchester family, the Royles.

The series features simple production values and a stereotypical portrayal of state benefit dependent family life at the turn of the millennium. It therefore has something in common with kitchen sink drama. The scripts contain often banal conversations. Almost all of the episodes take place in the Royles\' home; most centre on the telly-centric living room. The first series of the show was written by Caroline Aherne and Craig Cash, who also acted in it, along with poet and comedian Henry Normal. In the second series Aherne and Cash were joined by Carmel Morgan, and finally the third series was written by Aherne and Cash alone.

The series is set around the Greater Manchester area. Each episode appears to take place in real time. However, the passage of time as indicated by the changing programmes on the Royles\' TV sometimes suggests that the action has been compressed. \"The Queen Of Sheba\", however, jumps forward in time in a more conventional manner, while \"The New Sofa\" is set over two days. While the one off specials take a more traditional sitcom structure, many scenes are still run for longer than standard, paying homage to the \'real time\' nature of the older series. Unlike most sitcoms the show is filmed in 16mm film using a single camera. Multi-camera videotape is standard for UK sitcoms. Along with the absence of an audience or a laugh track, this gives the show a noticeably different look and feel to usual sitcoms.

Season 1: 1-Bills Bills Bills
          2-Making Ends Meet
          3-Sunday Afternoon
          4-Dad\'s Birthday
          5-Another Woman
          6-Wedding Day

Season 2: 1-Pregnancy
          2-Sunday Lunch
          3-Nana\'s Coming To Stay
          4-Nana comes To Stay
          5-Barbara\'a Finally Had Enough
          6-Antony\'s Birthday
    **1999 Christmas Special - Christmas with the Royle Family (in Specials folder)

Season 3: 1-Baby
          2-Babysitting
          3-Decorating
          4-Elsie\'s Funeral
          5-Antony moves to London
          6-The Christening
    **2000 Christmas special - The Royle Family at Christmas (in specials folder)

      2006 special - The Queen of Sheba
 
      2008 Christmas special - The New Sofa

      2009 Christmas Special - The Golden Eggcup


Please seed for others to enjoy.

Please feel free to leave feddback comments. :)