Marilyn Manson - Mechanical Animals (1998) [LOSSLESS FLAC][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]



Marilyn Manson - Mechanical Animals


by RDaneel








[::Album Information::]

Title: Mechanical Animals
Years: 1998
Genre: Hardrock
Production: Nothing - Interscope Records



[::Tracklist::]


1. Great Big White World - 5:01
2. The Dope Show - 3:47
3. Mechanical Animals - 4:33
4. Rock Is Dead - 3:10
5. Disassociative - 4:50
6. The Speed of Pain - 5:30
7. Posthuman - 4:18
8. I Want to Disappear - 2:56
9. I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me) - 5:03
10. New Model No. 15 - 3:41
11. User Friendly - 4:17
12. Fundamentally Loathsome - 4:50
13. The Last Day on Earth - 5:01
14. Coma White - 5:38




[::Review::]

Marilyn Manson is an American rock band founded by Brian Warner and Scott Putesky in the city of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The band advocates nonconformism and iconoclasm, often utilizing controversial imagery and lyrical content. It is difficult to categorize the band, however, as each album thus far has had a distinct and individual sound, and the band and frontman endeavor to devise and use a unique image and aesthetic for each album's era. The band was formed in 1989 as Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids. The band's uniquely theatrical performances gathered a local cult following that subsequently developed into a worldwide fanbase. The band's lineup almost always changes between album releases. The current members of the band are the eponymous lead singer Marilyn Manson, bassist Twiggy Ramirez, drummer Ginger Fish and keyboardist Chris Vrenna.
Marilyn Manson's reputation has likewise grown, with the band now considered one of modern music's most widely-known and most controversial; this has been due, in large part, to eponymous lead singer Marilyn Manson — born Brian Warner — and his frequent clashes with religious and political figures. The name of each band member was originally created by combining the first name of an iconic female sex symbol and the last name of an iconic mass murderer or serial killer, doing so to demonstrate the odd dichotomy of society (American society, in particular). In recent years, new members of the band have strayed away from this formula and used their own names. The members of the band dress in outlandish makeup and costumes, and have engaged in intentionally shocking behavior both onstage and off. Their lyrics often receive criticism for their anti-religious sentiment and their references to sex, violence and drugs. Marilyn Manson's music and performances have frequently been called offensive and obscene, and, more than a few times, protests and petitions have led to the group being banned from performing.
As this controversy began to wane, so did the band's mainstream popularity. Despite this, its many devoted fans have made Marilyn Manson a consistently high-profile group: three of the band's albums have been awarded platinum certification and three more have been awarded gold, and the band has seen four of its releases debut in the top ten, including two number-one albums. In June 2003, Jon Wiederhorn of MTV.com referred to Marilyn Manson as "the only true artist today". VH1 also ranked Marilyn Manson as the 78th best rock band on their 100 Great Artists of Hard Rock.

Mechanical Animals is Marilyn Manson's third full-length album, released on September 15, 1998. This album marked a glam rock phase for the band, in contrast to earlier eras.
Initial sales were extremely strong but overtime it came under fire as controversy surrounding the album and the band increased, culminating in the aftermath of the Columbine shootings of 1999 (despite the lack of evidence that the shooters were fans of the band), with unit sales halting very close behind the figure for its predecessor, Antichrist Superstar.
The album is a concept album, similar to its predecessor, Antichrist Superstar. This album is considered a prequel to its predecessor. Mechanical Animals has sold more than 8 million copies, making it the second best-selling Marilyn Manson album. It debuted at No.1 in its first week of sale, and was the first Marilyn Manson album to do so. Four singles were released off the album: "The Dope Show," "Rock is Dead," "I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)," and, only released promotionally and with a video, "Coma White."
Compared to Marilyn Manson's previous work, Antichrist Superstar, Mechanical Animals is, on an aesthetic level, far less dark, but in concept, far more grim. In both image and music, Mechanical Animals is inspired by 1970s style, Bowie-esque glam rock.
Musically, many songs are much lighter in melodies than those on Antichrist Superstar and they are far less sonically abrasive. The lyrics, however, are much more grim than its predecessor. Compared to most of the band's work, the musical arrangement is far more complicated than anything the group released previously or since.
In the album, there are two sections of songs that show two sides of the album's character. The first section is more emotional, and the songs deal with themes of alienation and depression. Subsequently, seven of the fourteen songs are from the perspective, lyrically and musically, of a fictional band called Omega and the Mechanical Animals, while the other seven are by Marilyn Manson. The Omega songs are typically those most nihilistic and superficial lyrically, such as "New Model No. 15," "User Friendly," and "The Dope Show." The album artwork features a dual liner note book, in which one half has lyrics for the Omega songs, and when flipped over, has those for the Alpha songs.
In a 1998 interview, Manson himself related the album to the band's previous work, saying, "On Antichrist Superstar I compared myself to Lucifer's fall from heaven. ... The new album is more about what happens when I land on Earth and try to fit in as a human being." ("I'm just a sample of a soul made to look just like a human being," from "I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)"). In other interviews comparing the two albums, Manson likened himself more so to Jesus Christ than Lucifer.
After the release of Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death), it arose that the correct listening would be Holy Wood, Mechanical Animals, and finally Antichrist Superstar (chronologically opposite from their actual releases) because though Antichrist Superstar and Mechanical Animals made sense as individual concept albums on their own, there was a hidden over-arching story running through the three releases.
Regarding the many purported hidden meanings contained in this album, is the influence and presence of the number 15. One blatant example is the band's new logo on the album cover, it reads "MAR1LYN MAN5ON" with a figure 1 for the 'i' in Marilyn and a figure 5 for the letter 's' in Manson, the Omega-head logo contains 15 computer keys on the forehead, another obvious instance being the track "New Model No. 15," and "User Friendly," in the pre-verse of which, Manson harmonizes with exactly fifteen "doos" each time it is sung. Other notes of interest on the number 15 include the fact that Marilyn Manson's birthday is January 5 (1/5), when inserted into a computer 15 tracks appear on the album, The Devil's Tarot card is XV (15), and the album's release date was September 15 (or 9/15, which is 9+1+5=15). Also, throughout the CD booklet, there are simple multiplication facts accompanied with letters. 3x5=15 and "ma," which are the initials for "Mechanical Animals.". Fifteen is also the magic constant of the unique order-3 normal magic square, attributed to Saturn in Agrippa's Three Books of Occult Philosophy. Two scales of measurement often used in TBI diagnosis to determine the level of coma are the Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) and the Ranchos Los Amigos Scale (RLAS). The GCS is a simple 15-point scale used by medical professionals to assess severity of neurological trauma, and establish a prognosis. The time of the tracks "Great Big White World" and "The Last Day on Earth" are both 5:01. Perhaps the number is meant to be interpreted as the expression 15 minutes of fame coined by Andy Warhol, which is referred to in the lyrics of "I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)", and which is a recurring theme in the band's follow-up album, Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death). The number "15" is also going to be explored on the band's new album The High End of Low, where the last song is called "15" and the cover of the first single, "We're from America" also show the "i" on Marilyn replaced by a 1 and the "s" on Manson covered by a 5.