Music : Indie : MP3/Over 256Kbps




Beta Radio - Seven Sisters (2010)






Beta Radio is the Wilmington, North Carolina duo of Ben Mabry (Vocals, Guitar, and Glockenspiel) and Brent Holloman (Guitar, Banjo, BG Vocals, Glockenspiel, and Piano). The duo first met back in 1998 and since then they’ve been experimenting with their sound finally settling with the American / Indie folk sound that’s found on their debut release, ‘Seven Sisters’.

The duo list their musical influences to include, Iron & Wine, Sufjan Stevens, Avett Brothers, Nick Drake, Bon Iver, and Fleet Foxes.





The eleven songs that make up ‘Seven Sisters’ range from simple acoustic arrangements to rich very orchestral sounding tracks, along with well blended vocals that help drive the songs. The best example of those great vocal blends can be found on the track, “Highlight on the Hill” that starts off with a very well done a cappella part.

I like the bands approach on keeping things more on the minimalist side, not cluttering their songs up with unnecessary instrumentation or complex arrangements. I also liked the very clever subtle use of the banjo parts that are found in most of their songs.

Being an old trumpeter from my high school years I also liked the few occasions when that instrument was brought into the mix on the tracks, “Darden Road” and “A Place for Me” adding some musical spice to the mix.

Other highlight tracks include, “Either Way”, “Hello Lovely” and “Brother Sister”.

With such a long time period between when the guys first met and the release of ‘Seven Sisters’ Beta Radio proves the old adage that, ‘good things come to those who wait’.





Tracklist:

01. Either Way
02. Darden Road
03. Where Losers Do
04. Hello Lovely
05. Brother Sister
06. Khima
07. Borderline
08. Highlight On The Hill
09. Pleiades
10. A Place For Me
11. Return To Darden Road





More info:


 
http://wearebetaradio.com/






 
http://betaradio.bandcamp.com/album/seven-sisters



ENJOY & REMEMBER TO KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!



THANKS!!!