Microsoft.International.Football.2000.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


Microsoft International Soccer 2000 is a sports video game developed by Rage Software and published by Microsoft. It was released on October 20, 1999 for the PC. In the game, the player takes the role of manager of an international football team in a competition such as the FIFA World Cup or UEFA European Football Championship. The game was developed in conjunction with several football coaches, and released in the United States for $20. Reception of the game was generally positive.
FEATURES:

Superior Gameplay Design
Microsoft International Football 2000 re-creates the excitement, speed, pace, atmosphere, tactics and strategy of world-class soccer. Player formations and strategies are designed according to how each position relates to a team's overall playing strategy.
The game's artificial intelligence (AI) was developed with the guidance and assistance of some of England's top football coaches and Glenn Roeder, a former Football Association player. This in-depth AI allows players to perform in the manner their position dictates in any given situation and react convincingly to any play as needed. 

Unique One-Touch Controls
Microsoft International Football 2000 features a unique one-touch control system that acts and reacts to gamers' input. The one-touch control feature is easy to learn, allowing players to quickly discover and enjoy the game's depth. No matter what the situation, the basic idea of the one-touch system is the same: to provide a consistent and predictable response with a single touch.
As gamers improve and master the use of the basic pass and shoot controls, they can learn more sophisticated ball and player controls. By using the one-touch control feature, gamers can low-kick, high-kick, make contact and sprint down the field - making for an ultra-realistic and rewarding gaming experience. 
Smooth and Sophisticated Gameplay
The excitement of a real soccer game is brought to life with over 200 player moves, 9,000 frames of motion-captured animation, and extensive commentary and conversations by Jonathan Pearce and Ron Atkinson, both well-known English coaches. 

World-Class Visuals
International Football 2000 features spectacular animation, with resolutions up to 1024x780, running up to 60 frames per second. International Football 2000 scores a goal with authenticity by the use of real-time lighting and shadows on the players and ball, and the re-creation of eight stunning and realistic stadiums complete with weather and time-of-day options. 

Playing Against the World
Play with international teams in a variety of tournaments and leagues. Create your own leagues or competitions and attempt to guide your team to a world championship. Save preset matches between your favorite teams, or replay classic moments in international soccer history using the Classic Match mode. 


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game And Play


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED




