Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 50 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can't continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)



I couldn't find this album online anywhere, so I purchased it and wanted to share it. If you enjoy it, do what I did - go online and purchase it. I'm sure Charlie would appreciate that.  ;D 

I've included 2 .pdf's I made of the original CD artwork/lyrics. They were pieced together from multiple scans (original was too big to fit on my scanner), so they're not perfect, but good enough.


From AllMusic:

Like many teenagers, Charlie Sexton lusted after rock stardom -- the only difference was, he had a chance to pursue his dream. Sexton certainly looked like the part, with his high cheek bones and pompadour, but since he was living in the '80s instead of the '50s he worshiped, his producers decided to push him toward new wave for his debut album, Pictures for Pleasure. The teenaged guitarist had been bashing out blues and roots-rock around his native Austin, Texas, but the market for that music was limited -- hence the decision to layer the record with drum machines and synthesizers. Through sheer dumb luck, they came up with a classic MTV hit with the moody "Beat's So Lonely," where Sexton comes on like James Dean in Duran Duran clothing, crooning with Bryan Ferry's voice. There's nothing nearly as good on the remainder of Pictures for Pleasure, not only because the material is uneven, but because none of the other material benefits with the new wave treatment. That said, it's still a more interesting and entertaining record than many of Sexton's straitlaced latter-day blues efforts, where he often sounds just a bit too respectful.

Tracks 
1 - Impressed - 4:19
2 - Beat's So Lonely - 5:10
3 - Restless - 4:57
4 - Hold Me - 4:27
5 - Pictures for Pleasure - 4:56
6 - Tell Me - 4:11
7 - Attractions - 4:27
8 - You Don't Belong Here - 4:52
9 - Space - 3:27



More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/

