
Key TechnologiesAntivirus
Antispyware
Antirootkit
Pulse Updates
Bot protection
Network mapping and monitoring
Norton Reputation Service
SONAR 3 Behavior Protection
Key BenefitsWhy Choose Norton™ AntiVirus 2011?Protects your PC against the latest viruses, spyware, and other threats.
Delivers fast, powerful online protection to keep you a step ahead of cyber attacks.
Lets you chat, email and share files without worry.
Updates automatically, offers easy-to-use features and includes free customer support during your subscription period. *
FeaturesClose all 
Protects your PC against the latest known viruses, spyware, and other threatsNorton Reputation Service instantly checks where files came from and how long they’ve been around to identify and stop new crimeware faster than other, less sophisticated security software.Norton Protection System uses several overlapping layers of protection that work together to stop viruses, spyware and other online attacks.Norton Pulse Updates provides up-to-the-minute updates that protect against the latest threats without slowing down your computer.SONAR 3 Behavioral Protection monitors your PC for suspicious behavior to quickly detect new online threats.
Protects your PC against the latest known viruses, spyware, and other threatsNorton Reputation Service instantly checks where files came from and how long they’ve been around to identify and stop new crimeware faster than other, less sophisticated security software.
Norton Protection System uses several overlapping layers of protection that work together to stop viruses, spyware and other online attacks.
Norton Pulse Updates provides up-to-the-minute updates that protect against the latest threats without slowing down your computer.
SONAR 3 Behavioral Protection monitors your PC for suspicious behavior to quickly detect new online threats.
Norton Bootable Recovery Tool creates an emergency CD/DVD/USB that gets you back up and running even if your PC has become so infected that it won’t start up.
Bot detection blocks the automated programs cybercriminals use to take control of your PC, access your private information, and use your computer to send out spam and launch attacks on other PCs.
Worm protection safeguards your PC against fast-spreading Internet worms and prevents you from accidentally passing them on to others.
Rootkit detection finds and removes deeply buried crimeware that can hide other types of threats and allow cybercriminals to take control of your PC.
Stay protected without sacrificing performanceProactive performance alerts tell you when an application is slowing down your PC, so you can make changes to improve performance.
Norton Insight identifies and scans only files at risk for fewer, shorter scans and the fastest scan speeds in the industry.
Norton System Insight shows you how files and applications affect your PC’s performance to help you keep your PC performing at its best.
Silent mode puts alerts and noncritical updates on hold when you’re watching movies or playing games in full-screen on your PC.
Smart scheduler runs scans and updates only when you’re not using your PC.
Email, chat and share files without worryNorton Download Insight warns you if a downloaded file or application is dangerous before you install or run it on your PC.
Norton File Insight gives you detailed information about the files found on your PC, including where the file came from (the website URL) and if it can be trusted.
Email and instant message monitoring scans email and IMs for suspicious link and other potentially dangerous attachments.
Vulnerability protectionstops cybercriminals from using security holes (vulnerabilities) in applications to sneak viruses or spyware on to your PC.
Get the most out of your protection with easy-to-use featuresFREE 24 x 7 support get help and answers by phone, email, live chat or online whenever you need it.*
Norton Control Center organizes program controls and settings, and gives you one-click access to web-based Norton services on one easy-to-read screen.
Norton Ongoing Protection automatically downloads software updates and new features in the background as they become available during your subscription period, without interrupting you or slowing down your PC.
Monthly report tells you what Norton AntiVirus has done in the previous month to keep you safe from threats.
Power saver settings maximize your laptop’s battery life by putting off noncritical activities until your computer is plugged in.
