 http://bayimg.com/JApHfaACK

Period of Adjustment (1962) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056341/

VHS LETTERBOX

Period of Adjustment is a 1960 play by Tennessee Williams that was adapted for the screen in 1962.

  Anthony Franciosa  ...  Ralph Baitz (as Tony Franciosa)  
  Jane Fonda  ...  Isabel Haverstick  
  Jim Hutton  ...  George Haverstick  
  Lois Nettleton  ...  Dorothea Baitz  
  John McGiver  ...  Stewart P. McGill  
  Mabel Albertson  ...  Mrs. Alice McGill - Dorothea's mother  
  Jack Albertson  ...  Desk Sergeant  


Both the stage and film versions are set on Christmas Eve and tell the gentle, light-hearted story of two couples, one newlywed and the other married for five years, both experiencing pains and difficulties in their relationships. The two male characters are veterans of the Korean War. The younger of the two experiences post traumatic stress (shellshock, battle fatigue, combat stress reaction), while the older man suffers from feelings of inadequacy towards his wife, the daughter of his boss. However, the observance of each other’s troubles brings both couple to realize what they have and to reconcile their own relationships.

Williams wrote the first draft of the play in November 1958, "in a rush of activity partly induced by drugs." It was workshopped for a week in December 1958 and officially premiered at the Helen Hayes Theatre on Broadway on November 10, 1960. The play, which Williams subtitled "a serious comedy," was a departure from the playwright's usual dark dramas, and was written partly in response to a Hollywood columnist who had asked why his plays were always "plunging into the sewers." Williams responded to the criticism by writing Period of Adjustment and arguing, in a piece that ran in The New York Times,

“The theatre has made its greatest artistic advance through the unlocking and lighting up and ventilation of the closets, attics, and basements of human behaviour and experience. No significant area of human experience should be held inaccessible, provided it is presented with honest intention and taste, to the writers of our desperate time. ” 

The play received average reviews and closed March 4, 1961 after 132 performances. In February 2006, the play was revived at the Almeida Theatre.

A Tennessee Williams comedy? It seems highly unlikely, yet Period of Adjustment (1962) is a light romantic farce with some genuinely touching moments. Who would have expected that from one of the most provocative Southern playwrights of the 20th century? And who would have expected it to deal with a relatively normal couple instead of Williams' usual array of psychologically damaged characters? In this case, the couple in question is a pair of newlyweds who quickly discover they both have very different expectations of their marriage. George (Jim Hutton) is a Korean War veteran who has just quit his job and is pondering his future while his new bride Isabel (Jane Fonda) is struggling to become the perfect housewife. Their shaky relationship is further challenged when they visit George's friends, Ralph and Lois Baitz, a married couple who seem headed for divorce.

Jane Fonda often cites Period of Adjustment as one of her favorite movie experiences and said, "It was an enormous challenge for me, especially because with my two previous films (Walk on the Wild Side, The Chapman Report, both 1962) I felt I'd tried but not gotten a good grasp on the characters I was playing...I became an actress because I needed love and support from a lot of people, but at the beginning I never dreamed I'd end up in the movies. A stage career is what I wanted. But somehow making movies gets to you. It's ego-battering and it's much tougher work, because it's harder to create a performance. When I did get Period of Adjustment, I finally began to feel like an experienced film actress, and I decided movies were for me." 

It wasn't always a piece of cake. One thing Fonda wasn't crazy about was her studio makeover for this role which included bleach blonde hair, artificial eyelashes, and falsies. But she ultimately overcame the sex object stereotyping by giving a delightful comic performance which was duly noted by several renown critics at the time like Stanley Kauffman of The New Republic. 

Period of Adjustment marked the film debut of director George Roy Hill, a former actor and stage director who would soon become one of Hollywood's hottest directors (Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). The Sting, 1973). The art direction/set decoration was nominated for an Oscar but lost to To Kill a Mockingbird (1962). 
