Xilisoft iPhone Software Suite will amaze iPhone fans greatly due to consisting of four amazing iPhone apps: DVD 

to iPhone Converter, iPhone Video Converter, iPhone Ringtone Maker and iPhone Transfer.

DVD to iPhone Converter and iPhone Video Converter can respectively convert DVDs and any video files to iPhone 

MP4 videos or MP3/M4A/WAV music, iPhone Ringtone Maker is able to make iPhone ringtone from any video/music file, 

and iPhone Transfer helps you copy PC files to iPhone and back up iPhone files to PC/iTunes.

With this iPhone apps pack to rip DVD to iPhone, convert video to iPhone, make iPhone ringtone and transfer files 

between iPhone and PC, you will find that your iPhone becomes a real digital cinema in your palm.

Main Functions:

DVD to iPhone Converter – convert DVD to iPhone video/music

Rip and convert DVD to iPhone MP4/MPEG-4 video and iPhone MP3/M4A/WAV audio for playback on iPhone.

iPhone Video Converter – convert videos/audios to iPhone files

Convert AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, H.264/AVC, 3GP, MOV, RM, VOB and such videos to iPhone MP4/MPEG-4/MOV videos; 

convert other video/audio to iPhone music.

iPhone Ringtone Maker – make M4R ringtone from other video/audio

Make iPhone ringtones by converting videos/audios like AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, AVCHD, MKV, WMA, 

WAV, RA, M4A, MP3, etc. to M4R files.

iPhone Transfer – transfer files between iPhone and PC

Backup iPhone files to PC, transfer files from iPhone to iTunes, and add files from PC to iPhone.

Key Features:

Split/compress/trim video

Automatically split a file into several iPhone files, restrict the output file size to the one you want with 

Bitrate Calculator and set start time and duration to extract a segment in the DVD/video to iPhone conversion.

Output different files from one source once

When converting DVD/video to iPhone video/music, choose different profiles for one source file for outputting in 

a single click.

Profile parameters adjustable

All profiles are optimally predefined in parameters. And you can freely change the parameters like bit rate, 

frame rate, sample rate, etc. according to your personal need.

Manage iPhone like a portable hard disk

Xilisoft iPhone Transfer makes it possible to open iPhone via Explore, thus you can manage iPhone contents 

freely.

Manage iPhone files like iTunes

Create, delete and edit iPhone playlists; rate videos/music/photos with stars; view files in thumbnails or list 

mode; show you iPhone device info; search iPhone files quickly.

Transfer ringtones to iPhone directly

Xilisoft iPhone Ringtone Maker can add the converted ringtone into your iPhone directly without iTunes after 

making iPhone ringtone.

Run in background

Support running the DVD to iPhone converter and iPhone video converter in the background for less space 

occupation.

Preview/pre-listen

Before ripping DVD, converting video/audio and making iPhone ringtone, you can preview/pre-listen loaded DVD 

movie, video and audio.

Batch conversion

Support batch and multithreaded conversion to let you convert multiple files to iPhone videos/music in one click 

for saving time.

After done action

Set the after done action as shutdown, hibernate, exit or standby before converting DVD/video to iPhone, and let 

the apps perform the action for you automatically after conversion.