POTHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POTHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POTHS Everywhere -- POTHS  -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POTHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POTHS  -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POTHS  -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POTHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins.  

POLICE STATE 4  -- FEMA CAMPS EXPOSED AGAIN  

More Torrents in this series at 

Tyranny is HERE! The grim future foretold in 1984 has become reality. The United States is now recognized globally as one of the most oppressive police states on earth. And it's only getting worse.

POLICE STATE 4 chronicles the sickening depths to which our republic has fallen. Veteran documentary filmmaker Alex Jones conclusively proves the existence of a secret network of FEMA camps, now being expanded nationwide. The military industrial complex is transforming our once free nation into a giant prison camp. A cashless society control grid, constructed in the name of fighting terrorism, was actually built to enslave the American people. Body scanners, sound cannons, citizen spies, staged terror and cameras on every street corner -- it's only the beginning of the New World Order's hellish plan.

This film exposes how the "Continuity of Government" program has established an all powerful shadow state. Prepare to enter the secretive world of emergency dictatorship, FEMA camps, and a shredded Constitution. Witness police and military savagely attacking innocent citizens as our own government unleashes false flag operations to justify its oppression. Then watch as Alex Jones takes on corrupt mercenary police and exposes mainstream media brainwashing.

THE POLICE STATE ISN'T COMING, IT'S HERE!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.      

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.[/b]  

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  

Seed long and Prosper.    

Ephesians 5:11 KJV    

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.