Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Linear PCM, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 1536 kbps


This video has no logo.

"Disturbia" is a synthpop song from the re-release of Rihanna's third album, Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded. It is the third single from the re-release, following "Take a Bow" and "If I Never See Your Face Again". The song was written by Andre Merritt, Chris Brown, and Robert Allen, and produced by Brian Kennedy; it has background vocals by Brown and Merritt. The song received a nomination for "Best Dance Recording" for the 51st Grammy Awards.

Pop-punk band The Cab covered the song for the compilation album Punk Goes Pop 2.

The video for "Disturbia" was filmed on June 29, 2008 and was directed by Anthony Mandler. The video was choreographed by Rihanna's long time choreographer, Tina Landon, who is best known for her work with Janet Jackson. The "Disturbia" video was released exclusively on iTunes for a 48-hour period. It debuted on MTV's TRL and BET’s 106 and Park and MuchOnDemand on July 24, 2008 and on VH1 on July 26. It debuted in the UK on August 1, but in the rest of Europe the video debuted on September 8, receiving immediately High Rotation on MTV. It peaked at #1 on TRL and MuchOnDemand. The video begins in a surrealistic torture chamber where Rihanna is seen smoking and beside a piano. As the song starts Rihanna is seen encaged wearing lenses covering her eyes, which make her look as if her eyes have rolled into the back of her head. Scenes are interspersed with Rihanna sitting in a gas-chamber like room and wearing a feathered headdress. Later on she is seen tied to a chair struggling. At the bridge of the song she performs a Thriller-esque dance routine. As of September 20, 2009 the official video had been viewed more than 49 million times onwith almost another 40 million views through duplicate music videos.

Rihanna used "Disturbia" as the first performance of the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards immediately following Britney Spears' opening speech. The format of the music video was partially preserved, with the zombie dancers present with light staffs. The performance was mixed with samples from 'Sweet Dreams' by the Eurythmics, and contained a rock solo break from the White Stripes song Seven Nation Army. Deleted scenes from the video were projected behind the singer.

Subsequently, Rihanna was interviewed on GMTV and performed the song again, as well as on For One Night Only, This Morning, and Star Academy France. Following her performance on Star Academy France, the album soared from #43 to #11 having a sales increase of 211%, peaking at #8 the following week, becoming Rihanna's first album to reach the top 10 in France.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

