hexagon.cc 
   http://the-library.hexagon.cc/


Invisible Monsters: A Novel
~ Chuck Palahniuk

Product Details

    * Publisher: W. W. Norton & Company (September 1999)
    * Language: English
    * ISBN-10: 0393319296
    * ISBN-13: 978-0393319293

Amazon.com Review
When the plot of your first novel partially hinges on anarchist overthrows funded by soap sales, and the narrative hook of your second work is the black box recorder of a jet moments away from slamming into the Australian outback, it stands to reason that your audience is going to be ready for anything. Which, to an author like Chuck Palahniuk, must sound like a challenge. Palahniuk’s third identity crisis (that’s “novel” to you), Invisible Monsters, more than ably responds to this call to arms. Set once again in an all-too-familiar modern wasteland where social disease and self-hatred can do more damage than any potboiler-fiction bad guy, the tale focuses particularly on a group of drag queens and fashion models trekking cross-country to find themselves, looking everywhere from the bottom of a vial of Demerol to the end of a shotgun barrel. It’s a sort of Drugstore Cowboy-meets-Yentl affair, or a Hope-Crosby road movie with a skin graft and hormone-pill obsession, if you know what I mean.

Um, yeah. Anyway, the Hollywood vibe doesn’t stop these comparisons. As with Fight Club and Survivor, the book is invested with a cinematic sweep, from the opening set piece, which takes off like a house afire (literally), to a host of filmic tics sprayed throughout the text: “Flash,” “Jump back,” “Jump way ahead,” “Flash,” “Flash,” “Flash.” You get the idea. It’s as if Palahniuk didn’t write the thing but yanked it directly out of the Cineplex of his mind’s eye. Does it succeed? Mostly. Still working on measuring out the proper dosages of his many writerly talents (equal parts potent imagery, nihilistic coolspeak, and doped-out craziness), Palahniuk every now and then loosens his grip on the story line, which at points becomes as hard to decipher as your local pill addict’s medicine cabinet. However Invisible Monsters works best on a roller-coaster level. You don’t stop and count each slot on the track as you’re going down the big hill. You throw up your hands and yell, “Whee!” —Bob Michaels

From Publishers Weekly
Palahniuk’s grotesque romp aims to skewer the ruthless superficiality of the fashion world and winds up with a tale as savagely glib as what it derides. Narrator Shannon McFarland, once a gorgeous fashion model, has been hideously disfigured in a mysterious drive-by shooting. Her jaw has been shot off, leaving her not only bereft of a career and boyfriend, but suddenly invisible to the world. Along comes no-nonsense, pill-popping diva Brandy Alexander, a resplendent, sassy, transgendered chick, who has modeled her body rearrangement—the breast implants, the hair, the figure—on what Shannon used to look like. Brandy suggests veils, high camp and no self-pity. Shannon wants revenge[…] Adding to the plot’s contrivances are the relentless flashbacks, heralded at the beginning of almost every paragraph with “Jump back to…” and the author’s pretentious device of using a fashion photographer’s commands (“Flash. Give me adoration. Flash. Give me a break”) to signpost the narrator’s epiphanies. Palahniuk writes like he’s overdosed on Details magazine. Though the absurd surprise ending may incite groans of disbelief, this book does have fun moments when campy banter tops the heroine’s flat, whiny bathos. (Sept.) FYI: The film of Palahniuk’s novel Fight Club will star Brad Pitt.
Copyright 1999 Reed Business Information, Inc.