Add professional greenscreen photography to your portfolio of services with PhotoKey 3 Pro. Whether in the studio or on location, greenscreens enable you to transport your subjects anywhere in the world. You no longer need to maintain an unwieldy selection of color backings – all you need is a single greenscreen and PhotoKey 3 Pro. 

Benefits
 
Fast & reliable

Speed is everything in the world of professional photography. PhotoKey 3 Pro provides a versatile set of tools that provides high quality results in just a few clicks. Your photographs are automatically analysed and identified as using either a greenscreen or bluescreen, with a professional composite created in seconds. You still have full control and can dive into the settings at any time, with comprehensive masking tools for dealing with even the trickiest of images.
 
Designed for studios

PhotoKey 3 Pro includes a powerful batch processing system that enables you to power through hundreds of foreground photographs in a short time. You can make changes to all your images at once, saving hours of painstaking work, or work on a case-by-case basis for total precision. Whether you shoot six or six hundred photos a day, PhotoKey 3 Pro will scale to your needs.
 
Creative technology

PhotoKey 3 Pro isn’t just a greenscreen compositing tool. It also includes a large collection of special effects and color filters that can be used to improve the realism of your images. Generate shadows, simulate depth of field and grain, apply soft focus and vignettes or tint your composite using intuitive tools. Custom titles and other text can be created or added automatically. PhotoKey 3 Pro is a creative product that will get the most out of your photography.

Powerful & flexible

Professional photographers need software that fits into their preferred workflow. You can import a background of your choice to take advantage of PhotoKey 3 Pro’s advanced compositing features, or output the foreground on its own to complete the process in an image editor such as Photoshop. The overlay layer provides an easy way to add borders, logos or other motifs to your images and all layers can be individually adjusted to create the perfect framing and appearance.
