A State Of Trance Classics Volume 4 – The Full Unmixed Versions.

(Not to be mixed with Armin van Buurens other ASOT series)


The fourth edition of the demanded A State of Trance Classics series has found its way out. With 3 successful editions out there, the endless stream of old classics gets a visit by the younger ones.
Anyone with a sharp memory and right feel for trance, will remember the 36 classics on this album. Like the previous 3 editions, A State of Trance Classics Volume 4 contains the full versions of some of trance’s most memorable anthems. They’ve all had and have, their moments of glory down the clubs and just never grow old. 

The new generation of trance lovers will surely remember ‘Carabella’, a collab between Galen Behr and Hydroid that was hammered by the big DJ’s for months in a row. Or maybe Armin van Buuren’s ‘Serenity’ or ‘Re:Locate - Rogue’ will freshen their memory. On ‘A State of Trance Classics Vol. 4′ you’ll find essential tracks, from ‘Push -Universal Nation’ to ‘Rui Da Silva - Touch Me’, ‘Synergy - Hello Strings’ and Solar Stone - Solarcoaster’, that have all helped built the trance scene to the impressive dance stream it is today.


Tracklist
CD 1
1. Armin van Buuren Feat. Jan Vayne - Serenity
2. Chicane Feat. Moya Brennan - Saltwater
3. Cygnus X - Superstring (Rank 1 Remix)
4. Push - Universal Nation
5. Rank 1 Feat. Shanokee -	Such Is Life
6. Signum Feat. Scott Mac - Coming On Strong
7. Matt Darey Pres. Lost Tribe - Gamemaster	
8. Inertia - The Chamber	
9. Galen Behr vs. Hydroid - Carabella (Galen Behr vs. Orjan Nilsen Remix)

CD 2
10. Rui Da Silva Feat. Cassandra -	Touch Me
11. Airscape - L'Esperanza (Armin van Buuren Remix)
12. Above & Beyond vs. Andy Moor - Air For Life
13. Three Drives - Sunset On Ibiza
14. Jonas Steur - Silent Waves	
15. Yahel - U Inside
16. Synergy - Hello Strings
17. Robert Nickson - Spiral
18. Insigma - Open Our Eyes	

CD 3
19. Mac Zimms - L'Annonce Des Couleurs 2003
20. Vincent De Moor - Fly Away
21. Solid Globe - North Pole
22. Push - Strange World
23. Airwave vs. Rising Star - Sunspot (DCML Mix)
24. Young Parisians - Jump The Next Train (Kyau vs. Albert Remix)
25. Alt + F4 - Alt + F4
26. Scott Bond & Solarstone - 3rd Earth
27. Sophie Sugar - Call Of Tomorrow (Jonh O'Callaghan Remix)
	
CD 4
28. Perpetuous Dreamer - Future Fun-Land
29. Pulp Victim - The World (Moon Man Remix)
30. Markus Schulz Pres. Elevation* - Clear Blue
31. Re:Locate - Rogue
32. Plastic Boy - Silver Bath	
33. Conjure One Feat. Sinead O'Connor - Tears From The Moon (Tiësto's In Search Of Sunrise Remix)
34. Nalin & Kane - Open Your Eyes
35. The Green Martian - Industry
36. Solarstone - Solarcoaster


Everything ripped in Lossless FLAC encoding (up to 1000kB/s!) for absolutely amazing quality (hence the big size of this upload). I'm sure you'll all be satisfied with the crisp sound of these trance classics witch will never be forgotten!

Enjoy this fine release and please, seed!	