Who's Who was the creation of Len Wein, Marv Wolfman, and Robert Greenberger, and its first incarnation (Who's Who: The Definitive Directory of the DC Universe) debuted in the last month of 1984 (cover dated March, 1985) and ran 26 issues until 1987 (cover dated April, 1987). It was essentially an encyclopedia  in comic book form, listing the characters, places, and things in the DC Universe. It began one month before the 12-issue limited series Crisis on Infinite Earths began, and therefore it is of interest to note that the earlier issues contemplate the characters pre-Crisis, whereas issues released subsequent to the conclusion of the limited series discuss the post-Crisis  universe. For example, while both the Flash (Barry Allen) and Supergirl  died during the Crisis, the Flash's death is not mentioned as issue #8 predates his death, but Supergirl's death is recounted 14 months later in issue #22. Also, entries for characters such as the Silver Age Superman  and Wonder Woman recounted their post-Crisis histories only, which at the time were only a few months old, while their entire Silver Age histories (and all the unique elements of those characters during that time, such as Superman's Fortress of Solitude and Wonder Woman's powerless period) were ignored.

Who's Who was DC's answer to The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe, which was published a few years earlier. The DC version had a less formal style than its Marvel counterpart. Each character had an individualized logo instead of a standard typeface; figures were shown in action poses rather than full-body portraits; character histories and power descriptions were more vague; and characters from all of DC's publishing domain were included (such as out-of-continuity series like Camelot 3000 and Watchmen), not just those from its shared universe (although the Who's Who Update '88 did limit its entries to in-continuity series only).

Various updated versions of the Who's Who have appeared over the years, including Who's Who Update '87 (five issues, cover dated August to December, 1987) and Who's Who Update '88 (four issues, cover dated August to November, 1988). Both books featured new entries and revised entries for characters in previous volumes, as well as an Appendix which included minor updates and corrections for previous entries. In 1989, most of the DC annuals released that year included Who's Who entries. Some of these were revised versions of entries in the regular Who's Who series, but there were several new entries (particularly for supporting characters).

DC Comics also put out two Who's Who spin-off series in the 1980s. The first was Who's Who in Star Trek, a 2 issue series (cover dated March and April, 1987) which profiled many of the people and places from not only the 1960s Star Trek series (and subsequent movies), but also the 1980s Star Trek comic book published by DC. There is no Star Trek: The Next Generation information included.

The second spin-off was Who's Who in the Legion of Super-Heroes, a 7 issue series (cover dated April to November, 1988) which expanded on the Legion information included in the regular Who's Who and featured profiles on the various supporting characters, organizations, locations, and villains which have appeared in Legion stories over the years. Some of the information contained in this book was post-Crisis instead of pre-Crisis. For example, the Superboy profile relates the post-Crisis origin of the character as a creation of the Time Trapper, and there is no profile for Supergirl, despite her many adventures with the Legion, since by this time she was written out of continuity.

In 1990, DC started over with a new Who's Who series titled Who's Who in the DC Universe (16 loose-leaf issues with binders sold separately, cover dated August, 1990 to February, 1992). This book was not as comprehensive as the previous Who's Who (for example, there was no entry for the Atom, even though his character was undergoing major changes in the comic Suicide Squad), and some of the entries took on a less serious tone (one of the entries for Guy Gardner is written from the character's perspective). This series was followed up by Who's Who in the DC Universe Update 1993 (2 loose-leaf issues, cover dated December, 1992 and January, 1993). DC also released a Who's Who series for their Impact Comics line (3 loose-leaf issues, cover dated September, 1991 to May, 1992).

For the time being, Who's Who has been replaced with Secret Files and Origins, a series of one-shots devoted to particular characters or events in the DC Universe and which feature Who's Who-like profiles. DK Publishing has also released a number of Ultimate Guides, as well as a book titled The DC Comics Encyclopedia, which serve a similar purpose.

On December 10, 2009, DC announced that a new Who's Who series will be published in 2010 as part of the company's 75th anniversary celebration.[1] The series will run for eighteen issues[2], 48 pages per issue, beginning in July 2010 and will be written by Bob Greenberger and edited by Bob Harras[3][4].
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Who%27s_Who_in_the_DC_Universe