 http://bayimg.com/CapeJAACO

A Wonderful Night in Split (2004) 

Ta divna Splitska noc (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0420233/

Serbo-Croatian with English subtitle file.

A Wonderful Night in Split (Croatian: Ta divna splitska noc) is a 2004 Croatian drama film directed by Arsen Anton Ostojic featuring an ensemble cast starring Nives Ivankovic, Marinko Prga, Marija Škaricic, Dino Dvornik and Coolio.

  Dino Dvornik  ...  Singer  
  Mladen Vulic  ...  Nike  
  Coolio  ...  Franky  
  Michael Klesic  ...  Steve  
  Marija Skaricic  ...  Maja  
  Nives Ivankovic  ...  Marija  
  Marinko Prga  ...  Blacky  
  Vicko Bilandzic  ...  Luka  
  Ante Simun Majstorovic  ...  Boy  
  Ivana Roscic  ...  Andela  
  Pero Vrca  ...  Sinor Bartut  
  Dara Vukic  ...  Starica  
  Nikola Ivosevic  ...  Inspector  
  Franko Strmotic  ...  Redikul  
  Mile Vukasovic  ...  Kauboj  

The film is set over the course of a New Year's Eve night in the Croatian port city of Split, where it follows three parallel plots. The first plot line features a small-time drug dealer Nike (Marinko Prga) and a young widow Marija (Nives Ivankovic); the second plot line deals with a drug addict called Maja (Marija Škaricic) who decides to have sex with an US Navy sailor called Franky (Coolio) in exchange for some heroin; the third one shows a young couple, Luka and Andela (Vicko Bilandžic and Ivana Rošcic) who spend the night desperately looking for a place to celebrate the New Year by having their first sexual experience. The plots are connected through Dino Dvornik's concert, where all of them pass through at some point, and through the omnipresent fireworks that dot the night sky over the course of the film.

Since the film was designed as a visual commentary of social problems that Split is well-known for in Croatia, depicted here as always involving drugs and awkward relationships, the whole film was shot in black-and-white photography. The resulting effect is an atmosphere of anxiety and depression, set to contrast the colorful mood of open-air New Year celebrations in Split's main square. The film won the Golden Arena awards for Best Cinematography (Marko Pivcevic) and Best Film Editing (Dubravko Slunjski) at the 2004 Pula Film Festival, as well as the Birch award for best directing debut and the Oktavijan critics' choice award.

The film's cinematographer, Mirko Pivcevic, was nominated for the Golden Frog award at the Camerimage festival, the most renowned European festival dedicated to cimematography, and the film was also shown at the Sarajevo Film Festival as part of their regional program, where it won the Jury Prize for Best Film, and for Best Actress (Marija Škaricic). It has also earned the director, Arsen Ostojic, a nomination for the European Discovery of the Year at the European Film Awards, as well as the Best Feature Film award at the 2006 RiverRun International Film Festival.

The small, relatively young country of Croatia has a film/television industry which has been slowly growing since the turn of the century. Their submission to the Foreign Language category at the 2005 Academy Awards was Ta Divna Splitska Noc, which is translated as A Wonderful Night In Split. The film was honored with several positive reviews and even a couple of awards. 

Split, an ancient port-city, has emerged as one of the most economic towns in the Dalmatian region of Croatia. The town has a rich medieval quality, with its labyrinthine streets and alleys in the city centre, suggesting a time when a Roman Emperor named Diocletian ruled. Certainly an ideal area to film a movie. Writer/director Arsen Anton Ostojic creates an atmosphere fueled by drugs, smoke, sex, parties, and fireworks.

The best thing about the picture is Marko Pivcevic's stark, black-and-white photography, which establishes a mood from the first second and never lets up. Some of the film's images are remarkably sober, proving to be effective without the aid of CGI or even traditional effects. The low-budget look and mood does more for the film than it deserves, because much of what is underneath the surface is nothing to shout about. I felt the same way about the highly overrated Sin City—great to look at, but otherwise slow, dull, and almost completely devoid of substance. It seemed like Ostojic was lingering too much on nipple-licking and sailors singing the "beer-on-the-wall" song to pad out the film's running time than making a profound statement on Croatian society.

Mirko Pivcevic's careful camerawork turns lovely Split into an eerie city of dangerous shadows, while the hard cruel beat of pop music underlines the bad vibes. Mixed cast of pros and non-pros is generally well-directed.

Arsen Anton Ostojic received his BA degree in film directing from the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Zagreb, Croatia in 1991 with honors, and his MFA degree in filmmaking from New York University in 1994, with honors as well. During the eighties and nineties he made several award winning documentaries and short films, and worked on about twenty feature films in Europe and in the United States as an assistant director or a production manager. His first feature film "A Wonderful Night in Split" was nominated for the European Film Academy Award in 2004; it was the Croatian entry for the Academy Awards, Best Foreign film category; it received more than twenty national and international awards and accolades, making it one of the most awarded Croatian films in decades. He is currently in postproduction of his second feature film "No One's Son" and is preparing his third film. He now also teaches film production at the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Zagreb, following several teaching assignments in New York City and in Salzburg, Austria. He is a member of the European Film Academy.


 
