Jekkara Press


You can find out more about the Adventures of Bulays and Ghaavn at the Jekkara Press website


And you can find this book and other Tara Loughead books in html, text, epub, mobi, kindle, pdf and rtf formats at Smashwords :-
 
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jekkarapress


Also by Jekkara press

The Adventures of Bulays and Ghaavn currently include:

01 Blood Demons of Titan - Tara Loughead

The warriors Bulays and Ghaavn hunt demons and their master through the dim and dusty streets of Barnes, on Titan. Can they stop him before he completes a devastating ritual?

02 Death Queen of Neptune - Tara Loughead

Bulays and Ghaavn are called in to investigate why a frontier base on Neptune has gone silent. Ice monsters and an ancient, beautiful evil await.

03 She Devils of Europa - Tara Loughead

One of the richest women in the Solar System asks Bulays and Ghaavn for help in stopping a series of thefts. There is a mystery to solve at the most expensive resort in existence, The Europa. Larceny, magic and dancing await, in an all expenses paid evening.

Stand Alone

Undead Dining - Tara Loughead

A very short horror story about a very different restaurant.

The Gender Switch Adventures


and coming soon

04 Shadow Emperor of Phobos: The Martian Moon War Part 1 - Tara Loughead


The Gender Switch Adventures

 
Red Nails Polished (Gender Switch - Conyn the Barbarian) - Roberta E. Howard 
Beyond the Black River, Recrossed (Gender Switch - Conyn the Barbarian) by Roberta E. Howard
Jewels of Gwahlur, Reboxed (Gender Switch - Conyn the Barbarian) - Roberta E. Howard 
Queen of the Black Coast, Recrowned (Gender Switch - Conyn the Barbarian) - Roberta E. Howard

Queen of the Martian Catacombs, Recrowned (Gender Switch - Erica Joan Stark) 
Black Male Amazon of Mars (Gender Switch - Erica Joan Stark) - Lee Brackett

Song In A Minor Key, Retuned (Gender Switch - Norawest Smith) - Lee Brackett

The Tree of Life, Revisited (Gender Switch) by Cathan L. Moore (Kindle Edition - Jan. 29, 2010) 

The Valor of Cappea Verra, Recapped (Gender Switch - Cappea Verra) by Poula Anderson






If you prefer:

Also at Scribd : https://www.scribd.com/jekkarapress
or Wattpad : https://www.wattpad.com/user/jekkarapress

  
