Kids, Take Note, This Will Be On The Test!

When Do We Stop Complaining About Zionism And Do Something To Stop It? 
Well, let's Start Now!
I Think The First Thing We Have To Do Is Improve People's Attitudes, And Help People Realize That The Zionists Are Trying To Encourage Destructive Attitudes. This May Seem Silly, But Your Attitude Determines Whether You Are Useful In Fighting Zionism.
You can also burn my audio files and documents to CD ROM and pass them around. Let's defeat this crime network and start taking the human race beyond this miserable state were in right now!


        Topics Of This Audio Are :

-	The Tricks Zionist Use To Prevent Us From Investigating
        The 9/11 & Holocaust ™

-	Our Police & Military Are Afraid Of Crime Gangs, But Not Me
-	My e-mail To Dan Wallace's Sister
-	Don't Be Fooled By Trusting Naomi Wolf And Caucasian Muslims

-	Chrstiopher Bollyn´s “Last” Article, How Mohammed Cartoons A Zionist Trick

-	Blackmailed Homosexuals,The Truth Movements, White Supremacist, Nazi Groups

-	A Few Other People To Be Suspicious Of :
-	John Pilger
-	Felicity Arbuthnot
-	Leuren Moret  And The Traprock Peace Center
-	Jeff Rense
-	Alex Jones
-	Ron Paul    
http://www.erichufschmid.net/Hufschmid-2Dec2007.html 
	/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Don't be a sucker; don't mimic their whiny, crybaby attitude. We should investigate ALL crimes in order to understand what is going on and try to find ways to prevent future crimes. 

www. 911 MissingLinks .com
	/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


A Partial Transcript Of The Audio File:



A lot of people wonder "When do we stop talking about 9/11 and Zionism and start getting rid of this crime network?" 
That is a very good question. We acquired more than enough evidence that Zionists are responsible for 9/11, the Holocaust, and other crimes, but unfortunately, the police agencies don't care. We've exposed the Zionist network, and we've identified a lot of their members, but exposing a crime network doesn't get rid of it. It simply means that the network is now operating in the open rather than in secrecy. 


The amazing refusal of the police, the military, the media, the professors, and almost everybody else to even talk about this crime network is evidence that a lot of people in leadership positions are working for this network, either because they want to, or because they've been tricked into thinking that they were joining a special organization of special people who are going to improve the world, or because they're frightened, bribed, or blackmailed. 


What I find particularly sad is that it is very easy to get rid of crime networks. As I've mentioned before, the ordinary people could get rid of all crime networks simply by saying “No” to their stolen merchandise, gambling operations, newspapers, wars, drugs, political candidates, bribes, strip clubs, and pornography. Crime networks depend upon ignorant, unhappy, stupid, and mentally ill people for financial support and as Useful Idiots. 



I'm also amazed that there are so many people willing to work for this crime network. I suppose some of the members are religious fanatics who've been tricked into thinking that they're serving God, but how difficult is it to look through history and notice that this network hasn't done anything to improve life for anybody, not even Jews? 


Some members of the network are becoming incredibly wealthy, but what is the network doing for the rest of the members? How can so many professors, policemen, and military leaders be so easily fooled into joining a crime gang that never accomplishes anything of value? Why can't the members see how destructive their network is? How can they think of themselves as special people when they haven't accomplished anything that they can be proud of? 


And why can't the people outside the network see how destructive this gang is? And why can't they understand that we should stop this gang now before they create more wars and chaos? How can so many ordinary people have such intense cravings for gambling, television, pornography, and drugs that they'll give billions of dollars a year to this crime network? How is it possible that the ordinary people can be so easily fooled into thinking that Hillary Clinton, or Rudy Giuliani, or Ron Paul are world leaders? 

I think one of the reasons that this network in still in control is because most people, including some of their own members, are still falling for their tricks. Some of us also occasionally fall for their tricks. Nobody has an immunity to deception, so don't assume that they can't fool you. We can all become victims. 
However, by exposing their tricks, we can help people avoid becoming victims. This is why I've been spending time during the last few months trying to expose their tricks. As more people understand their tricks, their network will become increasingly less effective. 


In this audio file I will show how Zionists are encouraging self destructive attitudes. It may seem silly to talk about attitudes, but your attitude affects what your life is. Your attitude determines whether you become a frightened victim of Zionism, or whether you help us to get rid of it. 



Furthermore, I think the Zionists are using our schools and media to encourage self-destructive attitudes, so if you're aware of this issue, you can avoid inadvertently picking up the bad attitudes that they're promoting. 
A simple example of bad attitudes are the messages I see once in a while in which somebody will recommend one of my articles or audio files, but they include a disclaimer such as: 
"Although Hufschmid is not a Catholic, I feel it's important that you look at his information".
Those type of disclaimers come from people with destructive attitudes. Consider an extreme example to understand this. Imagine receiving an e-mail message from a person who writes: 
"Although Hufschmid doesn't smoke crystal meth, he has interesting information about the Holocaust."
People have a natural tendency to segregate according to nationality, race, religion, drug use, and other characteristics, and the Zionists take advantage of this by encouraging segregation, arrogance, and fights. 
Your attitude can make the difference between whether you become a productive member of the human race that the rest of us are proud of, or whether you behave like just another of the "Talking Animals". 


Another destructive attitude is that most people believe that standing up to organized crime gangs is taking a terrible risk. It seems that millions of people today realize that 9/11 was a false flag operation by Zionists, but most people worry that talking about this crime will put them in danger of being fired from their job, or killed. It is true that if only a few of us stand up to this crime network that we are very likely to be killed, but if millions of people stood up, we have nothing to worry about. This attitude that millions of people should live in fear of a group of criminals is extremely detrimental. 
So how do we change people's attitudes? How can we stop people from being frightened of this crime network? Even our police and military are frightened of crime gangs. 



And why am I not frightened of it? The reason I'm not frightened is because of my attitude. As I briefly mentioned in a document I posted years ago, the way I look at this situation is that we're all going to die at some point in time. Actually, it's much worse than what I originally wrote. Almost every one of us is going to be tortured to death, and the torture is going to go for years. We may be tortured by arthritis, strokes, cancer, ringing in our ears, muscular dystrophy, or a deterioration of our digestive system. 
What difference does it make if a Zionist Jew tortures you to death or if you are tortured to death by nature? The primary difference is that torture by Zionists is intense but short, whereas torture by nature is usually at a more mild level, but over a long period of time. 


The people who worry about getting killed by Zionists are fools. Almost all of us are going to finish our lives in pain, suffering, and misery. 
Consider the two paths in life we can take. We can live in fear of Zionism, or we can fight them. If we fight them, we risk being killed by them, but we also have the opportunity to bring incredible improvements to the world and our lives. If we can get rid of Zionism and other organized crime gangs, we have the potential of creating a world where we use our technology to create nice cities, a wonderful economy, and an amazing variety of food and other products. 
However, if we choose the other path and live in fear of Zionism, all we can possibly gain is a few more years of the life that we have right now. Furthermore, it's important for you to realize that hiding from Zionism doesn't guarantee that you're going to have a long life. 


If you think I'm exaggerating, consider the thousands of people who died during the 9/11 attack, and the thousands of rescue workers who are suffering serious health problems because they were breathing the dangerous air at the World Trade Center. Millions of other people died from wars instigated by Zionists, and thousands of people suffered from the mysterious fires in Greece and California. 
There have also been subway bombings in London and Madrid, and a mysterious bridge collapsed in Minnesota. Most of the victims of those crimes were doing nothing to fight Zionism, but they became victims anyway. 


Some people worry that they'll get fired from their jobs if they talk about Zionism, but a lot of people are losing their job because our economy is deteriorating and because we're wasting a lot of money and resources on war. Remaining silent about Zionism will not guarantee that you keep your job. 
To summarize this particular issue, almost all of us are going to be tortured to death regardless of which path we take, and many of you are going to lose your job simply because our nation is deteriorating. You may become a victim of Zionism even if you choose to hide from them. But if you choose to fight Zionism, you have the potential for tremendous rewards. 

I say that only a fool would choose to live in fear and take the path that offers nothing. Furthermore, some of you may be dead or mutilated a year from now as a result of automobile accidents, or cancer, or strokes. So don't be a frightened child. Take the path that offers rewards. Don't be afraid to expose Zionism. Instead, consider it as an exciting adventure to a new life. And enjoy the adventure! 


The mysterious disappearance of Christopher Bollyn shows that you can't trust people simply because they appear sweet and adorable. You must be suspicious of everybody, especially Jews and people who promote the Holocaust or the Apollo moon landing. Those are the two crimes that I get the most pressure to keep quiet about. Even Daryl Smith wanted me to avoid the Apollo moon landing. 
Speaking of Smith, I saw a message on the Internet the other day that reminded me of some of the phone conversations I had with him. The person who posted the message said something to the effect that the public was hopeless, and that it was causing a lot of frustration and stress in his life to educate them, and that he decided to accept the fact that this crime network is going to continue to rule over us regardless of how much we try to stop it. He said that ever since he decided to give up fighting them, he can finally relax and enjoy life again. 
I suppose anybody who listens to my audio files has already experienced the frustration of trying to help other people understand 9/11. We're all shocked to discover that most people really don't want to know the truth, and that trying to help them understand the problems we face is as frustrating as trying to teach arithmetic to a dog. 


The majority of people just don't have what it takes to deal with the problems in this modern world. Some of them are educated and intelligent, but their emotions are suitable only for a primitive life in which they live in a small community, spend their day time searching for food, and spend their evenings sitting around the campfire. They have serious problems coping with modern issues, such as money, credit cards, alcohol, presidential elections, pornography, organized crime, and television. 

Before the Internet, I can understand why people would give up after a few years and either quit wasting their time, or join the Zionist crime network. Today, however, the Internet is allowing us to contact each other and spread information easily. As I mentioned in my other audio files, I think we're starting to beat the Zionists. 

Other people also have noticed that it's easier today to talk about 9/11 and Zionism than it was just a year ago. Since it appears as if we're starting to beat them, why would anybody want to quit at this point in time? Furthermore, if a person wants to quit, why doesn't he just quit quietly? Why does he post messages on the Internet to convince the rest of us that our struggle is hopeless and that we should also quit?

Well, I think the people who are posting those messages are Zionist agents. When an honest person becomes frustrated, he simply quits. He doesn't go on a campaign to convince the rest of us to quit, also. Take a look at other activities to understand this. For example, when a person becomes frustrated in his struggle to become a professional athlete, he just quits and find something else to do. He doesn't go on a campaign to convince other athletes to also quit. 
That message about quiting reminded me of some of the conversations I had with Daryl Smith, and it made me notice that Smith shows no sign of giving up. Actually, he's expanding his operation. He just started the website iamthewitness.tv so that he can provide videos. He also just purchased more equipment. 
The expansion of Smith's operation won't seem strange to you until I explain some of the conversations we've had over the past couple years. 
Smith started doing radio shows in January 2005, and sometime before October of that same year he complained to me that his website and radio show were not increasing in popularity very quickly, and he started asking me why we are wasting our time and money on people who don't care. I don't know when he first started complaining, but I know that I posted an article at my site in October 2005 in which I mention his concerns at the end of the article, so it had to be before October of 2005. The article is called What is Zionism? 
WhatIsZionism.htm 


During the next two years Smith would occasionally tell me that he was getting tired of the struggle, and that he felt like quitting so that he could get back to a normal life. He would complain that his wife doesn't like him sitting at a computer all day, and he would complain that the struggle was unpleasant and causing a lot of frustration and stress in his life. He also complained that it was ruining his health. He also complained to a certain extent on some of his radio shows. He was also worried that he would get arrested for Holocaust denial, or that the Mossad would kill him. 



When he would bring up this issue of quitting during our phone conversations, I would respond in the same manner every time. I would tell him to take a break for a few weeks or months. We would discuss the issue for a while, and eventually he would tell me that he can't take any time off because even though he gets frustrating, it would bother him even more to quit. 


I don't know how many of these conversations we had, but it seemed like they were increasing as time went on. Since they always ended the same way, I felt like telling him, "Oh, please, not again! We just went through this last month!" 
So that brings me up to today. I stopped working with Smith on September 8, 2007. The first thing I did was to move some of the files I created for him over to my site because I thought he might delete his site and quit. To my surprise, he didn't quit. He started announcing that his health problems were not very serious, and that he wants to expand his operation. 
But if his health is so good, why was he telling me his health was lousy? And if he wants to expand his operation now, why was he telling me that he wanted to quit? 

Well, I now suspect that all of those depressing conversations in which he told me that he wanted to stop the struggle to expose Zionism because it was ruining his life, his marriage, and his health was an attempt to get me depressed, frustrated, and disillusioned. Since I never did get depressed or show any sign that I wanted to quit, he would try again, and again, and again. 
I dismissed his depressing conversations as being due to his poor health and his emotional disorders, but now I think they were all deliberate attempts to ruin my attitude. 


The reason you should be aware of this issue is that you might also encounter people who try to convince you that the struggle is hopeless, and that you should give up. Don't let them fool you. They're trying to become like a ball and chain around your leg. They're trying to drag you down. 
If somebody truly cannot deal with the stress, tell them to quietly give up and let the rest of us deal with it. Tell them that they're not going to help the situation with their depressing attitude. 


Zionist agents are in a predicament. Their attempts to manipulate us can backfire because if we discover that they're agents, we can analyze their behavior, identify their tricks, and then warn other people about them and their tricks. 
Furthermore, once we expose a Zionist agent, we should consider that all of the people they've been associating with in promoting are also agents. for example, Smith promoted Dr. Sahib Mustaqim Bleher, who describes himself as a German who moved to England and became a Muslim. He founded the Islamic Party of Britain with several other people, such as David Pidcock, who is another person that Smith promotes. Pidcock is an Englishman who also became a Muslim. Pidcock wrote several books, such as Satanic Voices, Ancient And Modern, which is currently on the main page of Smith's website. 


Both Pidcock and Bleher provide some interesting information, but that doesn't mean they're honest. Their information may be nothing more than bait to lure gullible Goyim over to their site and away from the honest researchers. My advice is don't trust any Caucasian Muslim. Even if a Muslim look like an Arab, be careful because some Arabs have sold out to the Zionists, and some Arabs are actually Jews who are pretending to be Arabs. 
It's also interesting that the website Mathaba.net, which refers to itself as a news agency, promotes those Caucasian Muslims. They also promote Professor Chossudovsky of Global Research, Mike Rivero of whatreallyhappened.com, Lyndon LaRouche, and Kurt Nimmo. 


Obviously, Mathaba.net is not a news agency. It's just another Zionist propaganda site, and it provides more evidence that those Caucasian Muslims, Pidcock and Bleher, are also Zionist agents. 
Smith also promoted a woman named Felicity Arbuthnot. She works with the website UNobserver.com, which creates the impression that it's watching over the United Nations and protecting Arabs, but that website promotes such goofballs as Mike Ruppert who has FromTheWilderness.com. 
They also promote the Traprock Peace Group. A woman who claims to be an expert on the depleted uranium issue is Leuren Moret, and she doesn't have her own website, so she promotes the Traprock Peace Group website. 
Even if you don't know anything about Leuren Moret, you should immediately realize that she cannot be trusted when I tell you that she's a regular guest on the Jeff Rense radio show. Anybody who is promoted by Jeff Rense should be regarded with suspicion, and anybody who appears regularly on his show should be considered a definite Zionist agent. 

Rense has a list of his guests, so if you think I'm exaggerating, take a look at who he promotes. His guest list what is a who's who of Zionist agents. The Zionists are inadvertently helping us by providing lists of their agents. If we can just find enough people who want to do something, we can put an end to this Zionist nightmare quickly. 
www.rense.com/about/GUESTSLINKS.htm 


Another suspicious aspect of Leuren Moret is that when Christopher Bollyn traveled to San Francisco to interview a nuclear physicist, Moret would want to be at the interview. Zionist agents are always trying to watch us and manipulate us. 
Furthermore, she was always claiming to be low on money, so I sent her a free copy of some videos including my own, before I realized she couldn't be trusted. The Zionists are always trying to trick us into feeling sorry for them and doing things for them. They consider themselves clever when they trick us, but what they really are is disgusting parasites and con artists. 
This attitude that criminals are clever is another destructive attitude. A person is not clever when he gets away with a crime. The reason is because it's much easier to destroy than it is to create. If a criminal truly had talent, he would be able to make a living in an honest manner. It takes talent, for example, to design and build a nice home, but it doesn't take talent to light it on fire. 
If Leuren Moret was truly a talented scientist, as she claims, then she would be able to make an honest living. She wouldn't need to beg for handouts. The same is true with the other Zionist agents. If they're such talented people, why are they begging us for small amounts of money? The reason they beg for money is because they're not clever people. They can barely feed themselves. They're losers. They depend upon crime and handouts because they have so much trouble making an honest living. 



The Zionists consider themselves clever because they can start fires, murder people, deceive us, and find ways to abuse laws, but that's not talent. If the Zionists were truly talented, they would be able to solve problems that nobody else could solve, and their opinions on life would be so valuable that we would want to save them for future generations. 
We would also be able to see the evidence of their brilliance in their personal lives and in Israel. But as I mentioned in some of my other audio files, we don't see any evidence in their lives or in Israel that they have wonderful qualities. What we instead see is evidence that they are amazingly selfish, untrustworthy, neurotic, and parasitic. Some of them might make intelligent remarks once in a while, but before you let yourself be impressed by them, ask yourself, were they the source of that intelligent information? Or did they steal it from somebody like me? 


Before you become impressed by somebody, take a look at whether they were the person who created the information, or if they just stole it. The Zionists always turn out to be plagiarizers, thieves, and con artists. They're disgusting freaks, and we must find enough people who are willing to stand up to them. They're a cancer on this planet. If we can get rid of them, we can start the process of bringing about better governments, better cities, a better economy, a better media, and a better school system. 
Speaking of government leaders, Ron Paul was recently interviewed on television and he claimed that we are not allowed to have a central bank under the control of the government, and that we should have competition with money. Listen to this excerpt: 
Lawrence Kudlow: 
Give us a sense of where you'd like to go. 
Ron Paul: 
Well, we should follow the law, and the law is the Constitution, and the Constitution says that only gold and silver should be legal tender. We don't really have clear authority to have a central bank. Jefferson and Jackson got rid of a national bank because they didn't like it. We've only had a central bank for a relatively short period of time. 
But we can't get rid of the Fed in a day or a week. But we could legalize competing currencies. I mean we compete with currencies around the world all the time. But why can't we have gold and silver competing as currency and let people save? 
Get the taxes off currency. You can't tax money. So there's a way to develop a competing currency under the current situation, and if people don't like the fiat currency that continues to lose its value, they can opt out and start dealing in gold and silver. 



Ron Paul wants his friends in the gold and silver business to have a competing currency. Does this make sense to you? Ron Paul is just another Zionist puppet. We're not going to solve our problems by swapping one Zionist puppet with another. We've got to get rid of this entire crime network. 
When I pointed out in one of my previous audio files that Ron Paul is involved with the Ludwig von Mises Institute, somebody noticed that a homosexual bishop, Robert Sirico, is involved with the group acton.org, and it also is involved with the Mises Institute. It's not a coincidence that Ron Paul is getting tremendous support from Zionist Jews, homosexual Bishops, Jeff Rense, Alex Jones, and other suspicious people. Ron Paul is just another deceptive Zionist puppet. 
Don't let Ron Paul fool you, and don't fear Zionism. They don't have any magic powers over us. They're a group of selfish, abusive freaks who depend upon murder, blackmail, bribery, and deception. We can beat them by exposing them and their tricks. 


For example, have you seen the recent news report about a teacher in Sudan who is threatened with death for allowing a student to name a teddy bear Muhammad? I would bet that Zionist Jews set up that incident and are promoting it in order to create anger towards Muslims. It seems similar to those cartoons of Muhammad that were published in Denmark. As Christopher Bollyn showed in a series of articles, those cartoons were coming from Zionists. 
The Zionists did similar tricks to make Germany look bad prior to World War II. We can defeat these criminals by exposing their tricks. So help me to spread this information. And don't let anybody fool you into quiting. We are beating them. This is why they're struggling so much right now to saturate us with Holocaust propaganda, and it's why Naomi Wolf is trying to frighten us into believing that Bush is another Hitler. The Zionists are on the defensive today. This appears to be the first time they have ever been on the defensive. 
The Internet has allowed us to remove their secrecy, and there's no possible way for them to get it back. They have been exposed, and we know who they are. Now we just have to find enough people who want to get rid of this crime network. 
So try to develop a better attitude. Don't feel sorry for yourself. Learn to accept what you are, and try to understand your problems. Don't pretend that you're perfect, or that you're something you're not. Encourage discussions and research. Set a good example and inspire other people. Try to counteract the destructive attitudes and the fear that the Zionists are encouraging. 

