o need to be worried about formats, frame rate or file sizes, the functions of video join, split and cut can be easily achieved by Xilisoft Video Editor.

The video editing software allows you to edit video files in various formats like AVI, MPEG, H.264, SWF, MOV, WMV, etc. for playback on popular devices like iPod, iPhone, PSP, PS3, and so on. The three processes, video join, split and cut, can run in background without too much space occupation.

As a video joiner, splitter and cutter, Xilisoft Video Editor has an intuitive interface and makes it easy to turn original videos into works of art. And also you can watch the video in the preview window. Xilisoft Video Editor is well worthy of having a try.

* Join multiple videos and combine them into one
* Split one video into several segments
* Cut off the unwanted segments of your video


Handy video editing settings serve your video edit
The video joiner, splitter and cutter provide relevant video edit settings

+ Format choice in joiner
You can join many videos in different formats at one time and the format of output file will be one of the input formats.
+ Preferences in joiner
Xilisoft Video Editor allows you to set frame rate, bit rate, and resolution to get the best effect.
+ Manual or auto split
Split manually by dragging the slider to locate the split point. Or split automatically by setting split time or file size, or averagely.
+ Choose desired clips to output
Cut off any clips you want and they will be shown in list. If you are not satisfied with some clips, you can directly delete them in the list and output the desired clips as a one.

Various output parameters
Detailed serves will make your video editing process accurately at fast speed


+ Various parameters
The comprehensive video editing software provides many detailed parameters including frame rate, video bit rate, and resolution. By setting them, you will get expectant effects in a short time.
+ Support preview
The video edit software supports previewing the source video and target file. If necessary, you can adjust the sequence of output video file.


Run Xilisoft Video Editor in background
The whole video editing process under user's full control

* Run in background
You can run the video editing software in background when cutting, splitting or joining video to possess less space.
* After done action
Xilisoft Video Editor can automatically shut down or do other actions when the cutting, splitting or joining is finished.
* Preview video
The video editor provides large preview window for you to preview the original and the output file.
* Multiple languages and skins
The video editing software supports two pretty skins and multiple languages including: English, German, Japanese and Chinese.


- 750 MHz Intel Pentium processor or better; AMD CPU (Multiple processors and Hyper-Threading support included)
- 256 MB of RAM or more
- 50 MB free space required during installation



Unpack with any archiver
Install setup.exe
Run the application and go to  ->Enter Licence Code...
Use one of serials provided
