Faith Hill - Cry (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s
# of Discs 1 / 17 files 



Category  Rock/Pop, Enhanced CD, Contemporary Country, Country 
Label  Warner Bros. (Record Label) 
Orig Year  2002 
All Time Sales Rank    8056   
CD Universe Part number  5026629 
Catalog number  48001 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Oct 15, 2002 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Personnel  Faith Hill - vocals
Damon Johnson - acoustic, electric & slide guitars
Marti Fredericksen - acoustic & electric guitars 

CRY was nominated for the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Country Album. "Cry" won the 2003 Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance.

Listening to the opening track "Free" on Faith Hill's CRY, one might be momentarily thrown; ...    Full Descriptionis this the Nashville country-pop siren we've come to know, or has the new Christina Aguilera album been mistakenly packaged in this jewel case? Come to think of it, the album cover might prompt the same question. While the electronic, pumping dance-pop rhythms of "Free" are far from what we think of as the Nashville sound, even in the 21st century, expectations are put back on track with the next track. The title song is closer to the Garth Brooks-meets-Pat Benatar power ballad sound commonly associated with Hill. The rest of the album walks a tightrope between the two styles, darting back and forth on either side. While the likes of "Stronger" and "You're Still Here" are ballads close to Hill's country-pop beginnings, many other tracks here utilize ultra-contemporary dance-pop production techniques in a seeming attempt to push Hill to maturing Britney-lovers. Since Hill has never exactly been what anyone would call "rootsy," this shift in stylistic emphasis is not too tumultuous, and is unlikely to disturb her (huge) hardcore fanbase.

First album since 1999's seven-times-platinum, three time Grammy winner Breathe. This enhanced CD includes a 'making of the video' feature, links to the 'Cry' video and exclusive content. Warner. 2002.

percussion, background vocals); Tim Pierce (acoustic & electric guitars); Dean Parks (acoustic guitar); Michael Landau, Bryan Gallimore (electric guitar, background vocals); Suzie Katayama (violin); Jim Cox (piano, Hammond B-3 organ); Jamie Muhoberac (keyboards); Paul Bushnell. Leland Sklar (bass); Vinnie Colaiuta (drums); Bekka Bramlet (tambourine, background vocals); Eric Carter, Frank Macek (programming); Erik Lutkins (loops); Doug Moffet, Lisa Gregg, Lisa Cochran, Crystal Taliefero, Chris Rodriguez (background vocals

 1. Free   
 2. Cry   
 3. One  
 4. When the Lights Go Down   
 5. Beautiful   
 6. Unsaveable  
 7. Baby You Belong   
 8. If You're Gonna Fly Away   
 9. Stronger  
 10. If This Is the End  
 11. This Is Me   
 12. Back to You   
 13. I Think I Will   
 14. You're Still Here   
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce
