There are some serious problems with the official story. Aluminium planes do not crash through steel buildings, only to emerge out the other side. When an aluminium plane hits a steel structure it crumples bends and falls apart. Aluminium is a very soft and light metal, a plane has to be light and the metal thin in order for it to fly. Also the calculated speed of what ever we saw that day is a PHYSICAL IMPOSSIBILITY, analyzing the video shows an object moving some 600mph, at this altitude the density of air is too great for a jet engine to spin fast enough to reach such speeds. A realistic speed would have been 250mph for that altitude. Also no plane parts at the Pentagon or the site at Shanksville, Pennsylvania. No luggage, fuselage, tail section, wings, bodies, seats, engines!?

On this DVD, three films:


September Clues
911 Taboo
The Great Conspiracy - The 911 News Special You Never Saw

September Clues shows how the live video feed that we all saw was interfaced and edited.  CIA agents were planted all through out this disinformation technique to provide more video angles that were also proved to be fake.  A computer generated image of a plane was inserted over the object that hit the towers that day.  For professional videographers its easy to spot the tampering but for most of us its not as obvious.

Open your eyes, we've been trained to believe so much. We're so used to seeing Hollywood special effects, but how many of us are trained to know whats real and whats fake. The media is complicit in this crime, not all of course, for the most part they are reading a teleprompter or listening to the voice in their ear. Realize the media is controlled by super rich corporations, thats why investigative journalism has died so long ago.

Feel free to duplicate this DVD and give it to the non technical people that can't access torrents.  The free software called IMGburn (imgburn.com) does a nice job of burning this into a regular DVD.

Other films to see: Loose Change Second Edition, and Loose Change Final Cut.