
Like several other urban subcultural musical forms such as the blues, flamenco, fado, and tango, rebetiko grew out of particular urban circumstances. Oftentimes, but by no means always, its lyrics reflect the harsher realities of a marginalized subculture's lifestyle.
Thus one finds themes such as crime, drink, drugs, poverty, prostitution and violence, but also a multitude of themes of relevance to people of any social stratum: death, eroticism, exile, exoticism, disease, love, marriage, matchmaking, the mother figure, war, work, and divers other everyday matters, both happy and sad.


“The womb of rebetika was the jail and the hash den.
It was there that the early rebetes created their songs.
They sang in quiet, hoarse voices, unforced, one after the other, each singer adding a verse which often bore no relation to the previous verse, and a song often went on for hours.
There was no refrain, and the melody was simple and easy.
One rebetis accompanied the singer with a bouzouki or a baglamas (a smaller version of the bouzouki, very portable, easy to make in prison and easy to hide from the police), and perhaps another, moved by the music, would get up and dance.
The early rebetika songs, particularly the love songs, were based on Greek folk songs and the songs of the Greeks of Izmir and Istanbul.”

Elias Petropoulos (Preface to: Rembetika, Songs from the Old Greek Underworld)

(en.wikipedia.org)






1. Apo To Dimotiko Sto Rebetiko



01. Dimitris Arapakis - O Memetis
02. Takis Nikolaou - Surtos Voliotikos
03. Takis Nikolaou - Arampas Pernaei
04. Sotiris Stasinopoulos - Giaroumpi-Giaroumpi
05. Takis Nikolaou - Ta Sparmatseta
06. Takis Nikolaou - Mparmpaoutos
07. Leonidas Smurnios - O Horiatis- Ntourou Ntourou
08. Stauros Kaloumenos - I Helona
09. Takis Nikolaou - O Magkas Tou Psurri
10. Marika Papagkika - Mes Stou Suggrou Ti Fulaki
11. Giorgos Karras - Strive Logia
12. Takis Nikolaou - O Pseutopokadoros
13. Takis Nikolaou - Mi Me Derneis Mana
14. Sotiris Stasinopoulos - I Trata
15. Giannis Kovoros, Nikos Papoutsis - Haido
16. Takis Nikolaou - Otan Se Vlepo Ki Erhesai
17. Kostas Gkadinis - Agir Aidin Zeyrek Havasi


Label: Minos-EMI
Released: -





2. To Rebetiko Sti Dekaetia Tou '30



01. Markos Vamvakaris - O Hasapis
02. Roza Eskenazu - Lili I Skandaliara
03. Kostas Roukounas - Trava Re Magka Kai Alani
04. Stauros Tzouras - O Staurakas Mes Ston Teke
05. Giannis Papaioannou, Apostolos Hatzihristos - Vaggelitsa
06. Giorgos Mpatis - Guftopoula Sto Hamam
07. Markos Vamvakaris - Wres Me Threfei O Loulas
08. Stratos Pagioumtzis - Gurno San Nuhterida
09. Roza Eskenazu - Guftissa
10. Stellakis Perpiniadis - O Antonis O Varkaris
11. Giorgos Kavouras - Se Xehasa Den Se Pono
12. Giorgos Mpatis - Oi Fulakes Tou Oropou
13. Rita Ampatzi - Vre Magkes Duo Sti Fulaki
14. Dimitris Gkogkos (Mpagianteras), Manolis Hiotis - M' Eheis Magemeno


Label: Minos-EMI
Released: 1998




Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rips by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)



Both CDs released with the music magazine 'Difono'



Enjoy, Seed and Share