Acronis.Disk.Director.Suite.v10.0.2160

Acronis Disk Director Suite 10.0 is a comprehensive workstation partition and disk management suite that combines a number of previous Acronis products into one solution:

Acronis Partition Expert allows you to resize, move, copy, split, and merge partitions without losing your data

Acronis Partition Expert allows you to resize, move, copy, split, and merge partitions without losing your data
Acronis OS Selector is a multi-boot software utility that allows you to install multiple operating systems on your PC

Acronis OS Selector is a multi-boot software utility that allows you to install multiple operating systems on your PC
Acronis Recovery Expert allows you to recover accidentally lost or deleted partitions

Acronis Recovery Expert allows you to recover accidentally lost or deleted partitions
Acronis Disk Editor is a disk drive repair tool that allows you to perform advanced operations on your hard disk drive, such as restoration of boot records and hexadecimal editing

Acronis Disk Editor is a disk drive repair tool that allows you to perform advanced operations on your hard disk drive, such as restoration of boot records and hexadecimal editing

Acronis Disk Director Suite is the ideal tool in the combination with Acronis True Image backup. Here's how you can take advantage of these two products together:

* Create individual partitions for your system and your data using Acronis Disk Director Suite.
* Image your system partition using Acronis True Image only before applying system changes, such as installing new software and the like.
* And make scheduled data backups from your data partition by selecting specific files you need to backup.
* Thus, using the combination of two great Acronis products you will always have an image of your system and backup of your data. This will greatly save you time and reduce your storage requirements.


Acronis Disk Director Suite 10.0 adds new key features making it easier than ever before to modify your partition structure and boot new operating systems.
New! Split partitions — Split one partition into two and leave your data intact

New! Split partitions — Split one partition into two and leave your data intact
New! Merge partitions — Merge two partitions into one and leave your data untouched, even if file systems on the partitions are different

New! Merge partitions — Merge two partitions into one and leave your data untouched, even if file systems on the partitions are different
New! Explore partitions — Window's like explorer interface to view partition data before performing partitioning operations

New! Explore partitions — Windows-like explorer interface to view partition data before performing partitioning operations
New! Boot from an additional hard disk drive — Select the hard disk drive you want to boot from

New! Boot from an additional hard disk drive — Select the hard disk drive you want to boot from
New! Boot from CD/DVD — Insert a bootable CD/DVD and it will automatically be detected and displayed as a boot option by Acronis OS Selector

New! Boot from CD/DVD — Insert a bootable CD/DVD and it will automatically be detected and displayed as a boot option by Acronis OS Selector
New! Automatic operating system detection — Find inadvertently deleted operating systems with the Acronis OS Selector detection tool

New! Automatic operating system detection — Detect operating systems that became unbootable due to some accidental reasons with the Acronis OS Selector detection tool

System requirements

* A PC-compatible computer with a Pentium or similar CPU
* 128 MB RAM
* A floppy or a CD-RW/DVD-RW drive
* A mouse (recommended)


Supported operating systems

* Windows 98 SE
* Windows Me
* Windows NT 4.0 Workstation SP 6
* Windows 2000 Professional SP 4
* Windows XP SP 2
* Windows Vista
---------------------------------------------------------------
Acronis True Image Home 2009 v12.0.9788

Acronis True Image Home 2009 complete PC protection: back up your entire PC, including the OS plus your data, applications, pictures, video, financial documents, settings and everything!

Acronis True Image Home 2009 is an award-winning backup and recovery solution for a good reason: it protects your PC after just one click and allows you to recover from viruses, unstable software downloads, and failed hard drives. Create an exact copy of your PC and restore it from a major failure in minutes, or back up important files and recover them even faster.

Full Feature Listing
New!One-click™ protection
Initially, you decide what, where and when to back up. After that, backups occur automatically or with just one click.
New!Full text search
You will be able to search for files through multiple archives by name or by a part of the name and then restore individual files easily and quickly. You can also perform searches of the files content.
New!Zip archive format support available
In addition to Acronis' powerful TIB data compression backup format, one of the most densely compressed backup file types available to consumers, Acronis True Image Home 2009 also supports the popular ZIP® format.
New!Windows Vista® -style interface
The new, sleek interface of this product works on Microsoft® Windows XP and Vista operating systems.
New!Auto backup based on destination availability
Users can decide to back up automatically or as soon as a destination drive is available. Works jointly with existing scheduling.
New!Automatic computer shutdown after backup or restoration finishes
You can now perform a backup at night and go to sleep without bothering about turning off the computer. The PC will shut down when the back up is complete.
New!Archive to various places
You can save full, incremental and differential backups almost anywhere. You now you have ultimate flexibility in choosing a place to store from the same data series: on a network share, CD/DVD, USB stick, FTP-server, any local internal or external hard drive. You can now also give meaningful names to incremental and differential backups, for example, "C-drive-before-repartitioning".
Making reserve copies of your backups
You can make reserve copies of your backups and save them on a network drive, or a USB storage device. You have a choice of making a reserve copy as regular (flat) files, a zip compressed file, and a tib file.
Consolidation
You can define rules for consolidating your archives to reduce storage space. Merge an older full backup with several incremental backups to quickly create a new full backup; subsequent backups are based on the newly-created full backup.
Exclude Files and Folders
Back up only the data you want to keep and save disk space.
Migration tools
Make upgrades easier with built-in PC cloning and migration tools.
Migration tools make upgrades easier
PC cloning or adding a new disk is simple with Acronis True Image Home 2009's built-in migration tools. No longer must you reinstall the operating system, applications, or re-key user settings when you clone your PC or increase its storage capacity.
Security, performance and privacy tools
When you replace a hard drive on your PC, Acronis ensures you don't inadvertently give personal or organizational data to cyber thieves. Acronis Drive Cleanser, a $50 value is included at no charge. It protects sensitive data from view by wiping a disk clean of all data. If you don't need to erase the entire disk, File Shredder safely destroys individual files so they can't be resurrected. A System clean-up utility restores system efficiency.

Key Technologies
Acronis Startup Recovery Manager
Boot your computer after a failure to start the recovery process simply by selecting the F11 key, even if your operating system has failed.
Exclude files and folders
Back up only the data you want to keep and save disk space.
Incremental and Differential Backups
Save disk space and time by performing differential and incremental backups.
Live Backups
Keep working right through your backup for maximum convenience.
Improved!Smart Scheduling
Run backups automatically at preset or elapsed time when user is idle, on user log-in/logout, on system startup/shutdown, and in coordination with other events.
New!Set & Forget backups
Configure once and perform backups automatically.
Acronis Secure Zone®
Protect your system by saving an image to a special partition on your hard disk where it can be accessed when the system is being restored.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Acronis.Migrate.Easy.v7.0.619

Key Features:
Copy an old hard disk drive to a new one;

Has automatic and manual hard disk upgrade modes;

Installs a new hard disk drive as a boot disk or as an additional storage
device;

Allows you to re-deploy old hard disk;

Has an extremely easy to use Windows XP-like wizard-driven interface;
Supports large disks (over 180GB).

Partition Management:
Resizes transferred partitions to match new hard disk size;

Creates, copies, moves, and deletes partitions;

Includes special sector-by-sector support for other partitions and
corrupted file systems.

Security and safety:
Pending operations: a hard disk installation scenario is first created, and
only then implemented;

An old disk could be securely wiped;

When partitions are copied an original HDD remains unchanged.Acronis Migrate Easy 7 Vista Compatable

Data migration software — migrate safely,
migrate quickly, Migrate Easy!

So finally you got your hard disk drive the way you like it. Unfortunately, it's now full and you have to upgrade to a new hard disk. You think you are facing a large re-installation project which is likely to take several days of tedious work.

Features

Copy an old hard disk drive to a new one;

Has automatic and manual hard disk upgrade modes;

Installs a new hard disk drive as a boot disk or as an additional storage device;

Allows you to re-deploy old hard disk;

Has an extremely easy to use Windows XP-like wizard-driven interface;

Supports large disks (over 180GB).
Partition Management

Resizes transferred partitions to match new hard disk size; Help

Creates, copies, moves, and deletes partitions;

Includes special sector-by-sector support for other partitions and corrupted file systems.
Security and Safety

Pending operations: a hard disk installation scenario is first created, and only then implemented;

An old disk could be securely wiped;

When partitions are copied an original HDD remains unchanged.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Acronis OS Selector 8.0.914

Acronis OS Selector is a boot and partition manager. As a boot manager it allows you to multiboot between several operating systems installed on your computer. As a partition manager it allows you to create, delete, copy, resize, move and perform several other operations with your hard drive partitions.

All these features are included in our new award-winning Acronis Disk Director Suite 10.0 that can be used as a partitioning tool, boot manager, disk editor. It can also be used to recover deleted partitions.