Boring (The Young Ones episode)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


Boring was the third episode of The Young Ones, a British sitcom. It was written by Ben Elton, Rik Mayall and Lise Mayer, and directed by Paul Jackson. It was first aired on BBC2 on 23 November 1982.[1]

This episode is rarely repeated on television, because it has racist content, including three uses of the word "sambo", "coon" and one use of "nigger". Although these were all directed toward a white person for surrealistic comedic effect, they are considered ethnic slurs. When it is shown on television, it is edited to remove these references.

Characters

As with all episodes of The Young Ones, the main four characters are student flatmates Mike (Christopher Ryan), Vyvyan (Adrian Edmondson), Rick (Rik Mayall), and Neil (Nigel Planer). Alexei Sayle stars as Billy Balowski, an eccentric taxi driver and brother of the students' landlord Jerzei.

Mark Arden and Stephen Frost play a pair of rather stupid policemen who deliver a series of gags separately from the other characters. They are then revealed to be the subject of an article on the front of The Guardian with the headline "Police I.Q. Shocker".

Also in this episode is David Rappaport, playing Ftumch the devil. This is one of his two appearances in The Young Ones, the other being as a different character in Flood.

The episode also features a performance of House of Fun by ska band Madness. In addition, lead singer Suggs speaks one line as himself to Rick.

Actress and writer Pauline Melville appears as Vyvyan's mother.
[edit] Plot
	This article's plot summary may be too long or overly detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (May 2010)
	This section describes a work or element of fiction in a primarily in-universe style. Please help rewrite it to explain the fiction more clearly and provide non-fictional perspective. (May 2010)

The quartet are very bored with life, despite the fact that there are skating vegetables in the sink and a host of fantasy characters who make themselves at home during the hours when the students are in bed (except for Neil the insomniac, who is obliviously looking out of his window). Even a televised siege in their living room goes unnoticed.

A visit to the local pub, where Vyvyan meets his mother, and a game of Monopoly fails to relieve the boredom. However, going into college, as Neil suggests, is a sign of panic which the others quickly reject.

In a reference to the The Story of the Three Bears, the lentils that Neil has prepared are rejected first by Goldilocks (who dismisses it as "bloody hippie food") and then by the three bears (who opt to "go to McDonald's" instead).

As they drift off to sleep for another night, a spaceship lands on their roof, with Neil still obliviously sitting on his windowsill.
[edit] Goofs
	Lists of miscellaneous information should be avoided. Please relocate any relevant information into appropriate sections or articles. (May 2010)

The following goofs can be seen in this episode:

    * In the scene where Vyvyan tries to grab the others attention by chopping off one of his fingers, a small tube which spurts out the 'blood' when he chops his finger off can be quite clearly seen along his arm.
    * When Rick tries to snatch the letter from Billy Balowski, he fails to grip it properly the first time, and has to make a second attempt.
    * When Neil has a skewer rammed through his head, and apparently pulls it out again, it is clearly behind his head.

[edit] References

   1. ^ ""The Young Ones" Boring (1982)". Internet Movie Database. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0752254/. Retrieved 2009-05-01. "Original Air Date: 23 November 1982 (Season 1, Episode 3)"