Fighting Force 2 for DC & PS1                                      Rel. 11/30/1999


Format:	           CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	           English
Discs:              2
Image:              CDI & MDS/MDF
Gener.:             Action, Fighting
Selfboot (DC):      Yes
Requirements - DC:  Dreamcast Console, or DC Emulator.
Requirements - PS1: Modded/Chipped Ps1 or Ps2, Breaker Pro Boot CD, 
                    Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip (Allows playing of backups) 
                    or Psx Emulator. (You only need one of these methods).


Compressed with 7Zip, Both games were tested and work.


Important (DC): Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't 
                allow utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to
                be on the safe side try to use a console manufactured before 
                october 2000.  You can find the manufacture date on the bottom of
                the console on the sticker in fine print just look for it. Of 
                course the only way to know is to just try it on your dreamcast.



Note (PS1): No Ps1 Backup/Game or copy will work unless you have a modded Ps1/Ps2,
            or if you use a bootdisc like Breaker Pro. You can also use a Game 
            Enhancer/Built-in Mod-Chip which does the same as Breaker Pro expect
            you have to have any original ps1 game loaded first (loads the boot
            code) then you swap in your backup & start the game. 




Game Description:

Fighting Force 2 is a beat-em-up/adventure game set in the not-to-distant future. Human cloning has become a real possibility, but has been banned by an international treaty. The Knackmiche Corporation has been suspected of researching cloning, and you, Hawk Manson, are sent in on a covert mission to investigate.

This game features large levels and both hand-to-hand and weapons combat.


Game Pics included.


For DC Game: 

Burn with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

In Options enable overburn disc in Alcohol or DiscJuggler. 
(Do this for all DC games)

Set Write Method To Raw/Dao and burn at 4x Speed for Alcohol 120%.

If you wanna burn using DiscJuggler Set Burn settings to Raw Write Mode 2 2352 
CD-DA or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write and burn at 4x Speed.


For PS1 Game:

Burn With Alcohol 120%.

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD-R Media to burn both games with for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!