.
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Gateway To The Scene. we are the most on-time tracker around the globe,
You can download releases whenever they release out by group uploaders. no Wait Time.

TorrentDay.com is a private tracker torrent website, which is totally free, safe and fast.


Higher Speed Download is available at: TorrentDay.com - Your Gateway To The Scene.


.

NO RAR File - AVI and Clean. Watch it and Enjoy and don't forget to leave Thanks


Enjoy :)


NFO:


Uncross the Stars (2008)



Video Codec: XviD-1.2.1

Video Bitrate: 890 kbps

Audio Codec: MP3 VBR Stereo

Audio Bitrate: 132 kbps

Aspect Ratio: 1.77:1

Resolution: 624 x 352

Frame Rate: 23.976 fps

Genre: Comedy/Drama

Runtime: 90 mins

RAR Count: 50x15

Audio Language: English

Subtitles: N/A

DVD Date: 09.29.2009

Release Date: 11.01.2009

Theater Date: 04.05.2008

IMDB Rating: 7.1/10 (15 votes) 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1027760



The Story follows Troy (Dan Gillies), a young man whose

beloved wife passes away. The movie opens at her funeral

and Troy, ill-equipped to deal with this kind of grief at

this stage in his life, just shuts down. Lost for

direction, he receives in the mail a letter his wife

wrote him while she was sick, which asks him to build his

Aunt Hilda a porch. With nowhere else to turn, Troy

drives to where his aunt lives in the desert. There, he

meets with his Aunt Hilda (Barbara Hershey), a supporting

cast of crazy fun old ladies, and Bobby (Ron Perlman), a

kind of wise cowboy, all of whom make it easier for Troy

to find the place within to deal with his grief and move

forward, and help open Troy's eyes that his pain is not

unique. In the Process, Troy also learns the Difference

between "true love" and "love at first sight"



Ron Perlman: Bobby

Barbara Hershey: Hilda

Daniel Gillies: Troy Harper

Bitsie Tulloch: Corrine

Sergio Candido: Office Worker

Mason Alexander: Jill

Mauri Bernstein: Elaine

Linda Burden-Williams: Mrs. Toliver

Kim Cifuentes: Native Girl

Pat Crawford Brown: Sheila Daley: Laura

Takayo Fischer: Tina Kazawa

Suzanne Ford: Joyce

Matt Gismondi: Trucker at Cafe Counter

Irma P. Hall: Jason Hillhouse: Willy

Paul Keith: Lawrence Hutchinson

Princess Lucaj: Monique Morrison: Jane

Marianne Muellerleile: Candace

Bart Overbey: Restraunt Patron

Debbie Overbey: Saloon Patron

Laurie Powers: Office Worker

Ed Regine: Marty

Nicole Rehnborg: Funeral Attendee

Mary Kay Riley: Funeral singer

Franc Ross: Hack

Jane Shayne: Mildred

Hannah Rebecca Telle: Funeral Attendee

Jamie Wedow: Jack

Anna Wosnik: Maddy



Thanks to ours friends at KART3LDVD. Enjoy!