Just some stuff I wanted to share from the late 70's to early 80's.

Human League: The Taverner Tape 

This is the original demo tape that started the bidding war amongst record labels, eventually won by Virgin. This is purely for nostalgia as the condition is not great but probably the best around. It also would help in having a familiarity with HL circa "Being Boiled".


Lena Lovich: New Toy (Canadian 12" EP)

I've always had a soft spot for Lena and out of all her "hits" this is the one that keeps bringing me back. She's still active, apparently, and doing one offs down in California.


Martha Ladley: Singles & B Sides

Martha Ladley was one of 2 Marthas in Martha and the Muffins. She was the keyboardest and flautest and generally was more in the background. I had a HUGE crush on her as a teen and spent some time with her a few years ago and I was as enamoured as I ever was! She released 2 singles, (Finlandia, Light Years From Love) both included here, and I've also included Stephen Emmer's "Never Share" for which she provided lead vocals. Her career since leaving the Muffins has been rather interesting including stints with OMD, The Associates and she was the director for Peter Gabriel's Big World for over 10 years.


Simple Minds: Flexi & 12"s

I was so excited when I found the 7" I Travel with the free flexi! This was in the hayday of my collecting period. I bought 3 copies: 2 to keep mint and 1 to play. The flexi includes "Film Theme (Dub)" a personal favourite of mine, and "Kaleidoscope". Also included here are "New Warm Skin" (B Side of "I Travel"), "I Travel (Original 12")" and "Celebrate (Extended)".


Ultravox!: Live in Reading, 27 August, 1977

This really shouldn't need any intro to pre-Ure Ultravox! fans. 



I'm in the process of collecting and converting my old vinyl, please let me know how this one goes as I have tons of interesting, quirky 70s/80s stuff I'd love to share if anyone's interested!

Cheers and enjoy!

DD2002



(From various sources. Quality for all is as good as it could possibly be. Thanks from whomever I grabbed stuff from in the past!).