The First Law Trilogy and Best Served Cold by Joe Abercrombie.
Genre: Fantasy
Found on BookPusher (accessible through Tor: http://w4dzvkf6hu5d5pha.onion/)

The First Law Trilogy:
1. The Blade Itself
2. Before They Are Hanged
3. Last Argument Of Kings

"The trilogy is set in an epic fantasy world reminiscent of medieval/renaissance Europe. There are three major nations involved: the Union, a large kingdom similar to Europe; the Gurkish Empire, which is similar to the large Middle-Eastern empires of antiquity; and the Northmen, a rough alliance of several northern tribes with Viking and Anglo Saxon overtones under the leadership of a warrior-king named Bethod. The Union is drawn into war against the latter when the Northmen invade the Union's northern province of Angland, and against the former when the Empire attempts to annex the city of Dagoska.

The trilogy centers on the fortunes of three major characters: Sand dan Glokta, a crippled torturer in the Union's Inquisition; Jezal dan Luthar, a self-centred nobleman and swordsman; and Logen Ninefingers, infamous barbarian warrior of the North forced into an uneasy alliance with the Union to defeat his sworn enemy, Bethod. In addition to these characters, the story follows Collem West, an anger-prone and constantly worried Union officer; the so-called Dogman, a world-weary and experienced northern scout; the savage southern woman Ferro Maljinn, an ex-slave bent on revenge; and the scheming wizard Bayaz, First of the Magi."

Best Served Cold:
"Mercenaries are a wonderful thing: they fight as you tell them, whom you tell them, and when you tell them, for nothing more precious or complicated than money. And Monzcarro Mercatto, and her brother (and lover) Benna Mercatto, are the two most successful, most popular, and most wealthy mercenaries in Styria...but wealthy, popular mercenaries are not such a good thing. In fact they're a downright dangerous thing. Which is why Grand Duke Orso of Styria arranges to have them dealt with. Permanently. With hindsight, he may come to consider this a tactical error. Through sheer good luck - which her brother doesn't share - Monzcarro survives the long and fatal drop Orso arranged for her, and staggers away from her encounter with a ruined right hand, an opium addiction ...and a plan to come back with a fortune, plenty of bladed weapons, and a single-minded determination to kill the seven men in the room when her brother was murdered. Preferably in as gruesome a manner as she can ..."
