Noctis Imperium's flame was lit in the year 2001 as a black metal solo project by the will of one man - Aeneas Inferno - with the sole purpose of breathing life into his vision. 
Following a period of song writing and recording two demos, one being the self-titled 2003 Demo, and the other 2004’s “Night Divine”, Aeneas decided that the time had come to take Noctis Imperium in another direction. He needed to transform the project so that it could unleash its disease on humanity, and to do this he needed to recruit additional members.
The four-headed monster was spawned in 2004, with Aeneas Inferno (vocals & guitars), Hephaestion (bass), Aegrimonia (guitar) and Soto (drums), combining their skills to deliver Noctis Imperium’s blasphemous hymns. Like an elite legion of warriors they have traveled widely and shared their on-stage insanity with some of the best live acts in Venezuela, scything their path with anti-religious messages, and the sheer brutality of their music. No compromises. 
Noctis Imperium didn’t miss a beat when Soto left the lineup. Their search for a drummer led them to the UK’s Nick Barker (ex-Cradle of Filth, Dimmu Borgir, Atrocity/Leave’s Eyes), who was recruited to work with the band on their forthcoming debut album, "Glorification of Evil: The Age of the Golden Dawn". A fearsome drummer, Barker added extreme brutality to the band’s sound, by producing one of his most savage performances. The album is currently being mastered at Mastersound Enterntainment by no other than Alex Krull (Atrocity), and it is anticipated it will be released in 2009. 

"Our aim is to express through our unholy art our despise to all religion. With our warsongs to cut the tongues of all priests, to open the eyes of the sleeping one, and to penetrate into the mind of the deafen by the church. To drill through the walls in which the modern man's mind it's locked."


Current line-up 
Aeneas Inferno (aka Noctis) - Vocals, Guitar (Inferno (I.O.T.A.M.), Glyph of Chaos)
Hephaestion - Bass (Discendiam) 
Aegrimonia (aka Blood) - Guitar
Kenny Godoy - Live Drums (Blackstone (Ven), Demise (Ven))

Session Members:
Nicholas Howard Barker - Drums (Atrocity (Ger), Leaves' Eyes, Lock Up, Catalepsy (UK), Monolith (UK), Benediction, Driven By Suffering, Testament, Dimmu Borgir, Old Man's Child, Brujeria, Anaal Nathrakh, Ancient (Nor), Winter's Thrall, Nightrage, Cradle of Filth, Exodus (Live)) 

Genre = Black / Death Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = vbr

Track listing
1. Ra-hoor-khuit 
2. Descensus Ad Inferos  
3. Bring Me Sacrifice 
4. Noctis Imperium  
5. Maze of Torment (Morbid Angel cover)