PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: EF31DEC4EB4F6817A93EEF61593E84BD97C600FD
File Size: 1.17 GB
Label: Skull Duggery / Cargo





Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


Just Buy It 1992 OHCD-001
This Will Make You Happy 1994 OHCD 013
Unsafe@anyspeed 1996
And The Days Are Short Again 1999 UPCD 001





This is the CD Studio Discography for Furnaceface. There is one more release named “Let it Down” that was released on cassette in 1990 but is next to impossible to find. There is also a Compilation album called “Clobbering Time” released in 2000 but is also difficult to find. It includes two early tracks from “Let it Down”. 


Enjoy this fine Canadian 90s indie band!


Kit 







Please help seed these FLACs! 







From Wiki:


Furnaceface was a Canadian indie rock band formed in Ottawa which was active from 1989 to 1999. The group consisted of vocalist and guitarist Pat Banister, vocalist and bassist Tom Stewart, and drummer Dave Dudley. In 1993, Furnaceface won the Canadian Music Video Association Award for best independent video for “About to Drown" from Just Buy It., and another one a couple of years later for Best Editing for “How Happy Do You Want to Be?” (which Dave Dudley's daughter appears in) from This Will Make You Happy.

The band, formed in Ottawa in 1989, consisted of vocalist and guitarist Pat Banister, vocalist and bassist Tom Stewart and drummer Dave Dudley. Furnaceface evolved out of Fluid Waffle, which also included guitarist and vocalist Steve D'Annunzio. Furnaceface started playing shows late in 1989 and released their first single, “Sucked into Drugland,” on Skull Duggery Records. After releasing this and the “New Pad” single, they toured across the U.S. and Canada. Their first full-length release was the Let It Down cassette, which was recorded by Andrew McKean, mixed by Marty Jones, and released in 1990. Jones recorded their second cassette in 1991, Just Buy It., and went on to engineer all the Furnaceface releases. At some point the members decided to use the stage names Pat Badmister/Badminister, Mr. Poopyhead (Tom Stewart) and Dave Deadly. After the first national tour for "Just Buy It" Jones (as "Smarty Moans") joined the group as a fourth member playing keyboard and guitar (after trying and promptly discarding the name DJ Gimmick). After the original cassette version of Just Buy It. was released, Furnaceface signed to Cargo Records to release a remixed (by Bob Wiseman of Blue Rodeo fame) and re-sequenced version of the album on CD and cassette.

Furnaceface also released their next two albums, This Will Make You Happy (1994) and unsafe@anyspeed (1996), with Cargo. Around the time of Just Buy It.'s re-release, Furnaceface decided to start a festival, called Furnacefest, to promote local bands as well as larger acts. In 1995, after two years of performing with the group, Marty Jones decided to leave the band to concentrate on being a producer and co-running Sound of One Hand Studios. After Cargo Canada folded, Furnaceface would release a fifth and final album in 1999 titled And the Days are Short Again… on their own label Upright Records, which had the single “Heartless” on it. Around 1999, Pat Banister moved to Vancouver to work as an art director in the film industry. In Banister's absence, Dave Dudley and Tom Stewart have joined with Blake Jacobs of Hot Piss to create Manpower, who perform occasionally around Ottawa. The last Furnaceface recording released to date was 2000's Clobbering Time, a compilation CD of songs from their out-of-print pre-Days releases, from two songs from Let It Down released on CD at last to their cover of the Jam's “But I'm Different Now,” the B-side of the “Biff, Bang, Pow!” single.

Other area musicians, including Ian Tamblyn and Jim Bryson have also contributed as guest musicians. During a live performance in 1997 Tom received burns due to an onstage pyrotechnic effect; the show was halted but the musician made a full recovery with no scarring. Tom also performs occasionally as a country & western singer under the name "Slo' Tom". His band, called Slo' Tom & The Horseshit Heroes (Jim Bryson, Dave Dudley, Geoff Taylor and Graham Collins) released an album, Liquor’s My Lover.

Their music includes everything from heavy riffs to classic pop as well as ska, punk, dance and 60's garage. Their lyrics can be humorous, as in “I’m Getting Fat,” and “Too Many Nuts.” They also have lyrics that comment on local and global issues such as “Nobody to Vote For,” a commentary on the 1994 Canadian federal election, and “We Love You, Tipper Gore” about the PMRC and the censorship debate in the 1980s.

In 1993, Furnaceface won the Canadian Music Video Association Award for best independent video for “About to Drown" from Just Buy It., and another one a couple of years later for Best Editing for “How Happy Do You Want to Be?” (which Dave Dudley's daughter appears in) from This Will Make You Happy. The other videos they released were “I Don't Think,” “She Thinks She's Fat,” “If You Love Her (Would You Buy Her a Gun?)”, “Slip & Stumble” (shot in the rough waves of various beaches in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico) “Biff, Bang, Pow!” (a cover of the Creation song), “Ode to Grant Hart” and “Heartless.” They also made a video for “In Love with the Lie,” but only released it in RealMedia format on their now-defunct official website. 






Just Buy It 1992


Just Buy It	
About to Drown
She Think She’s Fat
Can’t Help Who You Love
Government Cheque
While My Dad Gently Weeps
We Love You, Tipper Gore
Shakey Thing
Fat (reprise)
Down The Drain
Fatherland America
KKKiss My Ass








This Will Make You Happy 1994


Instructions
Live+Die
Get Myself Together
The ballad of Richard Iommi
If You Love Her (Would You Buy Her A Gun?)
Nice Suit…Asshole!
Credit Card
Excuse Me
Mall Culture Superstar
2 punks, a Dad and a Snowboard
I Drew a Circle
You Poison My Cup
Can’t Get To Sleep
Filler
Beg Your Pardon
This Will Make You Happy








Unsafe@anyspeed 1996


Calender
Ode to Grant Hart
Slip and Stumble
Overcome
Quarentine
Ed Acranez
Trailer Park
Rub Me the Wrong Way
Biff Bang Pow
Calling from the Lord
Hawaii 666
Unsafe@anyspeed
Clobbering Time







And the Days Are Short Again 1999


And the Days Are Short Again
You Never Let Me Down
Heartless
I’m Getting Fat
Victory
Wicked World
Lucky #7
23:59
Cold Outside
Talk Around the World
Crashing Down
Too Many Nuts




Enjoy :)
