File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:38

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 4530 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.07 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps



This video has no logos or titles.


She Wolf is the third English studio album (eighth overall) by Colombian Latin-pop singer-songwriter Shakira, first released on October 9, 2009, in Europe through Sony Music, October 12 in the UK with RCA Records and November 23 in the US with Epic Records

The album sees Shakira shift from Latin pop and pop rock to electropop while also exploring dancehall. She co-wrote and co-produced all of the album, apart from her second US single, with Pharrell Williams and his production outfit The Neptunes or duo John Hill and Sam Endicott. The US version of the album is labelled the special edition and features additional songs.

The album was preceded by the title single "She Wolf" ("Loba", in Spanish-speaking countries) which reached top 10 worldwide. "Did It Again" ("Lo Hecho Está Hecho" for Latin America) was released internationally as the second single whilst the US and Canada received the Timbaland-produced "Give It Up to Me" instead.

"Gypsy" is the third international single from the album, it is being serviced with spanish version "Gitana" which is not include on the album. Due to "Gitana"'s absence from the album, it was announced that the album will be re-released on March 22, 2010 with "Gitana" included in the tracklisting. "Gypsy" and "Gitana" were sent to radio stations around the world on February 22, 2010. The music video will premiere on February 26, 2010 starring tennis star Rafael Nadal.

David Balls of Digital Spy gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and said "At just over 30 minutes in length, this is a bantamweight boxer of a pop album – a bit on the slight side, but there's barely an ounce of fat on it. ... Her ability to mix this album's eclectic range of influences into a listenable, cohesive collection of songs should be ample compensation. Holding it all together, of course, is that distinctive voice." Niel McCormick from The Telegraph agreed, saying, "In her quest to extend her appeal from her Spanish language base to global superstardom, there is a sense that Shakira is genuinely trying to invent something original. The 32-year-old’s Latin rhythms, vocal tricks and ear for eccentric hooklines have lifted her out of pop rock homogeneity. ... The result is a groovier, more modern and electro-flavoured collection, yet it is Shakira’s weird mash of melodies, multiplicitous vocals and man-eating lyrics that define its character. ... When it comes together, the result can be so inventive and surprising you can hardly believe your ears."


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
