Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Santa Baby (Gimme, Gimme, Gimme)" was the lead single from MTV: TRL Christmas album. For this song Willa Ford worked with Eve Nelson, who she had worked with before on her debut album Willa Was Here. In the song Willa goes through her long expensive Christmas list. (…A diamond ring… A Benzie… Gucci… Tiffany).

The video was directed by Tryan George. Throughout the video Willa receives many gifts, such as a star and a man-robot. Ray J, Jive Jones, and Horatio Sanz all make an appearance in the video.

MTV: TRL Christmas is a Christmas compilation album. It was released 30 October 2001 on Atlantic Records.

Amanda Lee Williford-Modano (born January 22, 1981), known professionally as Willa Ford and often as Mandy Modano, is an American singer, songwriter, model, television personality and film actress. She became known in 2001 as the self-proclaimed "Bad Girl of Pop," when she released her debut album, Willa Was Here. Aside from her music career, Ford has had acting roles in movies, hosted several reality television shows, posed for Playboy and has competed on ABC's top-rated Dancing with the Stars.

Ford served as the spokesperson for Pantene Pro-V's ProVoice campaign while promoting the album. She also appeared in Uncle Kracker's video for "In A Little While." On April 26, 2002, Willa Ford guest starred in an episode of Raising Dad where she played a bully named Edie. Ford also went on to guest host MTV's TRL and Say What Karaoke which led to a hosting contract with Viacom. Ford soon hosted the MTV reality shows The Morning After and I Bet You Will. That same year Willa Ford co-wrote and recorded a duet with South Korean pop star Park Ji-yoon entitled "Nastified" which appeared on Park's fifth album Man.

In 2003, Ford released a dance song incorporating a sorority chant, "A Toast to Men." The song, which featured guest rapper Lady May, was featured in daytime promo ads for soap operas. The single was from her unreleased sophomore album Sexysexobsessive which was previously titled Porn Poetry. The title track "Sexysexobsessive" was to be the second single but was only released through Ford's official website.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

