01. Blossom 
02. So Far Away 
03. Machine Gun Kelly 
04. Carolina In My Mind 
05. It’s Too Late 
06. Smackwater Jack 
07. Something In The Way She Moves 
08. Will You Love Me Tomorrow 
09. Country Road 
10. Fire & Rain 
11. Sweet Baby James 
12. I Feel The Earth Move 
13. You’ve Got A Friend 
14. Up On The Roof 
15. You Can Close Your Eyes


Artist: Carole King and James Taylor
Title: Live At The Troubadour
Store Date: 4 may 2010
Upload Date: 12 may 2010
Label: Hear Music
Genre: Rock
Cover: front
Bitrate: 320 kb/s, joint stereo 


In November of 1970 James Taylor and Carole King first performed together at the Troubadour on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, California. Taylor had just released his debut album for the Beatles' newly formed Apple Records and King was finding her way as a first time solo performer even though by then she was a famous songwriter with a string of hits for other artists. When they returned to the club for a two-week co-headlining run in 1971 their lives were somewhat different. That summer Taylor's "Fire and Rain" was topping the charts and King's landmark Tapestry was on its way to making her a music superstar. Thirty-six years later, in November 2007, James Taylor, Carole King and members of their renowned original band "The Section" (featuring guitarist Danny Kortchmar, bassist Leland Sklar and drummer Russell Kunkel) returned to the Troubadour for a three-night, six-show run to celebrate the venue's 50th anniversary. Those historic shows are documented in Live at the Troubadour, a special 2-disc CD/DVD.

In the album's liner notes, Taylor states: "The Troubadour in 1971 wasn't the beginning, but it was a big step into the light for both of us. When we reunited for the Troubadour's 50th Anniversary celebration in 2007, it felt like yesterday. It was, and still is, all about the music and the celebration of performing together." King adds, "What's even more remarkable is that James's and my musical connection and friendship continue to transcend time and place. Whenever we're together, there we are. I feel a tremendous gratitude to be able to share this experience with James, with this fine band, and most of all, with the fans." 

