Product description:

Gibraltar is a special place. It’s a bit of Great Britain on the Iberian peninsula with an amazing geography. When you look at the map you understand why Great Britain wanted to keep hold of it. Amazing high detailed VFR scenery of Gibraltar including the airport and Upper Rock. Real holiday feeling for FSX!

Details:

Before the Suez canal there was no other access to the Mediterranean and the Black Sea. One guy with a binocular could see what was going in and out. Even today this is a strategic advantage of immense value. Approaching the airport from either side is a strange sensation with the huge mountain (The Rock) and the runway stretching out into the sea. It’s a great place to visit, both in the real world as it is in this remarkable rendering for FSX.

Gibraltar Airport has the distinction of being the closest airport to the city that it serves, being only 500 meter from Gibraltar`s city centre. The main road intersects the airport runway, so consequently has to be closed every time a plane lands or departs.

The airport and its surroundings are built up to the smallest of detail. This is a total rebuild of the whole island and the airport. All buildings, lighting systems, navigation beacons have been modeled to the smallest of details including all buildings and airport institutions.

Features: 

    * Photo realistic high resolution ground textures (15 cm/pixel) for Gibraltar and parts of "LA Linea"
    * Dynamic car-traffic across the runway, it stops automaticly when you depart or approach at the bounds (manually controlable with NAV frequencies)
    * Dynamic traffic on the apron (AESLite)
    * All buildings around the airfield and bordering districts of Gibraltar
    * New terminal including new apron park positions
    * Excellent night lightning
    * Border-constructions
    * Many animations  like ships, cableway etc.
    * All important sights (Upper Rock incl. the defensive fortification, "Point of Europe" light house, "Ibrahim al Ibrahim" mosque, "Gibraltar - Cradle of history" monument, etc.)
    * Whole scenery-area covered with extensive autogen
    * FSX and FS2004 version included

Please note not all mentioned features above are included in the FS2004 version.

System requirements for FSX:
Microsoft Flight Simulator X (Acceleration or SP2)
Windows XP, Windows VISTA, Windows 7 (fully updated)
2.8 GHz (Core 2 Duo advised)
2 GB RAM
Direct X 9 compatible Graphics Card with minimal 512 MB
Adobe Acrobat Reader 8 minimal to read and print the manual (1)
Download-Size: 700 MB
Installation-Size: 1 GB

System requirements for FS2004:
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004
Windows XP, Windows VISTA, Windows 7 (fully updated)
Pentium 2.8 GHz processor
2 GB RAM
Direct X 9 compatible Graphics Card with minimal 256 MB
Adobe Acrobat Reader 8 minimal to read and print the manual (1)
Download-Size: 90 MB
Installation-Size: 200 MB 

Have Fun, and Seed!