Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.                                      
                               
                             
                  
              
                
                     
                   
                          
                   A G G R E S S i O N
                             
                                  
  F E E L  T H E                   
                                      
                                  
                       
                
           
           
                   
                     
                     
                   
                       
          
                       
                
                          
                      
                                  
                                               
            A   G   G   R   E   S   S   i   O   N       
                                                        
                                                         
                   Sea.Apple.Software                
               Web.Calendar.Pad.v2010.0.5          
                                                         
                                                          
         Cracker ........: ARN                             
         Packer .........: ARN                            
                                                                
             Protection .....: Other                           
             Crack Type .....: Incl.Keymaker                    
            Release Date ...: 25.11.2009                     
                Release Size ...: 3x 4.89 mb                     
                                                              
               Release Type ...: Application                     
                 Operating Sys ..: WinAll                            
                                                                
                                                                
                                                        
                                                       
                                          
                                   
                              
                                                  
               R E L E A S E   N O T E S            
                                                    
                                                           
                                                                
                                                             
                                                                
                                                                 
                                                                  
                                                                     
                  A  software  with  which  you  make  HTML     
                  calendars that visitors can  view, print,     
                  download and subscribe                        
                  Web Calendar Pad helps you create an HTML     
                  illustrated  calendar.Organize  your life     
                  and keep your  company, school  or church     
                  informed  of  upcoming  events.  Use   to     
                  create illustrated monthly calendars that     
                  can  look  either  like  wall  or desktop     
                  calendars and be  published automatically     
                  to  your  website,  saved  to  a  file or     
                  printed.                                      
                                                                
                  Perfect  for  keeping an  active calendar     
                  for  a  business,  school,  church, club,     
                  team,  class,  course,  organizations and     
                  personal calendars. This program makes it     
                  easy for some one with zero  knowledge of     
                  HTML  to  create,  publish,  and   update     
                  online  event  calendars  in  minutes. No     
                  need to battle html code ever  again, you     
                  can choose the look of your calendar from     
                  a  large  list  of  defined  styles   and     
                  templates  or  easily  create  your   own     
                  custom  look  that  can  include  photos,     
                  backgrounds, and fonts. And the  built in     
                  FTP module  remembers your  settings, and     
                  lets  you  update  your  website calendar     
                  with one click.                               
                                                                
                  The HTML editor lets easily  include HTML     
                  code within a calendar date. Now, you can     
                  also attach files, and publish  with iCal     
                  and RSS feeds using the  calendar wizard.     
                  Ideal for webmasters,  students, coaches,     
                  and  teachers  to keep  online schedules.     
                  Teachers can keep their class informed of     
                  upcoming  homework assignments  and tests     
                  using the calendar on the school website.     
                  A  coach  can  keep  their  sports   team     
                  schedule  online  with  game  dates   and     
                  practices.  And  a  priest,  minister  or     
                  rabbi   can   keep   their   congregation     
                  informed  of  upcoming church  events and     
                  activities. The calendar wizzard lets you     
                  include  photos,   textures  and   custom     
                  fonts.                                        
                                                                
                  Here  are  some  key  features  of   "Web     
                  Calendar Pad":                                
                                                                
                   Create Web  Calendars that  can include     
                  photos, backgrouns, and custom fonts          
                   Easy to use and quick to publish            
                    Lets  you  keep  data  in  a  separate     
                  calendar for each subject, but selectivly     
                  merge when publishing                         
                    Supports  the  FTP  protocol  of  file     
                  transfer, that makes  it easy  to publish     
                  your calendars on the internet                
                    Supports  Macros,  that  let  you  use     
                  short-cut key words and then replace them     
                  with full text allowing you to reduce the     
                  amount of typing                              
                   Built  in wizard,  lets you  define the     
                  look  of  your  calendar, or  choose from     
                  predefined theme                              
                   Lets you add custom headers and footers     
                  to you html calendar                          
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                 http://www.                    
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                        
                                                       
                                          
                                   
                              
                                                  
               i N S T A L L   N O T E S            
                                                    
                                                           
                                                                
                                                             
                                                                 
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                                     
                  1) Unpack                                     
                  2) Use our keymaker to generate a working     
                  key.                                          
                  3) Enjoy!                                     
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                                
                                                        
                                                       
                                          
                                   
                              
                                                  
               N E W S  &  C O N T A C T            
                                                    
                                                           
                                                                
                                                             
                                                                 
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                                     
                  After so many years in the scene, both as     
                  individuals   and   as   a  group   we've     
                  definately  become  more  refined,   with     
                  keygens  and retail  supplies and  not to     
                  mention the  latest addition,  ebooks. We     
                  hope  to  bring you  more of  the quality     
                  stuff  we've  brought  so  far  and we're     
                  sure,  unless a  meteorite hits  earth or     
                  something that we'll be  here for  a long     
                       time, on top, as you know us :)          
                  Even  though  we've   grown  quite   big,     
                  there's always room for more  people, and     
                  we're      looking      for      talented     
                  crackers/keygeners  who  can crack/keygen     
                  most protections like  arma/aspr/hasp etc     
                  and  suppliers.  If  you  are interested,     
                  drop us an email at aggression[at]hush.ai     
                                                                
                                                                     
                                                                 
                                                                
                                                                
                                                             
                  Contact: aggression[at]thecricket.co.za       
                                                           
                                                            
                                                 
                                                      
            ASCii DiRECT    FROM STARS             
                                            
                                          
                         
                            
      <artik>            <gDFS>
                             
                                 
                                
                             
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                      
                                      
x