               PART  261



    THE ROLLING STONES  - No Expectations  (1968)
    THE ROLLING STONES  - Under My Thumb & I'm Free (1969) - Madison Sq.Garden
    THE ROLLING STONES  -(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction 1969)- Madison Sq.Garden
    THE ROLLING STONES  - Gimme Shelter  (1969)
    THE ROLLING STONES  - Honky Tonk Women (1969)
    THE ROLLING STONES  - Plundered My Soul  (1972)

                   bonus

    THE ROLLING STONES  - Sympathy for the Devil (cover) 


          
      "No Expectations" is a song by The Rolling Stones featured on their 1968 album "Beggars Banquet". It was first released as the B-side of the "Street Fighting Man" single in August 1968.The song was written by r Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. The song is a slow, country-tinged blues ballad.The first live performance was captured during The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus and is featured on the accompanying live album and DVD. This performance was to be Jones' last live performance with the Rolling Stones.Like Jones' performance on the "Beggar's Banquet" album, that live performance is also his last substantial contribution on stage, as many of the Rolling Stones songs from that filming have little to no audible contribution from him. The band has since rarely played the song live. The second, and most notable performance, was at the Hyde Park free concert, July 5, 1969, which was held as a memorial to Jones, who died three days before.
      "Under My Thumb" is a song written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards for The Rolling Stones. Its first appearance was as an album track on 1966's "Aftermath", and though it was never released as a single, it is one of the band's more popular songs from the period, appearing frequently on best-of compilations.Like many of the songs from the Aftermath period, "Under My Thumb" uses more novel instrumentation than that featured on previous Stones records, including fuzz bass lines (played by Bill Wyman), and marimba riffs played by Brian Jones, which provide the song's most prominent hook.
      "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" is a song by The Rolling Stones released in 1965. It was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards.The song was first released as a single in the United States in June 1965 and also featured on the American version of Out of Our Heads, released that July. "Satisfaction" was a hit, giving the Stones their first number one in the United States. In Europe, the song initially played only on pirate radio stations because its lyrics were considered too sexually suggestive.In 2004 Rolling Stone magazine placed "Satisfaction" in the second spot on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time, while in 2006 it was added to the Library of Congress National Recording Registry.
      "Gimme Shelter" is a song by The Rolling Stones. It first appeared as the opening track on the band's 1969 album "Let It Bleed". Although the first word was spelled "Gimmie" on that album, subsequent recordings by the band and other musicians have made "Gimme" the customary spelling. They first played "Gimme Shelter" live in 1969 at Pop Go the Sixties. The song is often used in popular culture for movies and television especially if related to the '60s or the Vietnam War. Although popular, "Gimme Shelter" was never released as a single. It quickly became a staple of their live show, first featuring throughout their 1969 American Tour. It has been included on many compilation releases, including both "Hot Rocks 1964–1971" and "Forty Licks", and concert versions appear on the Rolling Stones' albums "No Security" and "Live Licks". "Gimme Shelter" was placed #38 on the list of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time in 2004.
      "Honky Tonk Women" is a 1969 hit song by The Rolling Stones. Released as a single on 4 July 1969 in the UK and a week later in the US, it topped the charts in both nations.The song topped the Billboard Hot 100 for four weeks from 23 August 1969. The single was released in the UK the day after the death of founding member Brian Jones. It was later released on the compilation album "Through the Past, Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2)" in September."Honky Tonk Women" was ranked #116 on the list of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time in 2004.
      "Plundered My Soul" is a song by The Rolling Stones featured as a bonus track on the 2010 re-release of their 1972 album "Exile on Main St.". It was the first song released by the band from the new recordings, limited-edition copies of the single shelved in independent stores on April 17, 2010, in honor of Record Store Day. The single peaked at #200 in the UK Top 200 Singles chart, at #2 on Billboard's Singles Sales and #42 on Billboard's Rock Songs Airplay.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
