Abraham-Hicks Video #13 Disaster and Destruction DVD Rip+mp3

This is a DVD rip and mp3 rip from:
Abraham-Hicks Video #13 Disaster and Destruction DVD (vob)

EnJoy and Share - Please Seed

For more Abraham-Hicks_Torrents see webpage at: 
http://sites.google.com/site/abrahamhickstorrents/


Video #13: Disaster and Destruction or The Edge of Adventure? 
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/product/AV_DVD13.html

In this program compiled from the first workshop held in 2005, Abraham responds to heartfelt concerns about the devastating war in Iraq and the recent Tsunami devastation, as well as questions about taxes and earth-changes in general.

Then Jerry engages Abraham in a dialog about whether our inner guidance can steer us away from death, and asks for their perspective on suicidal beings.

Finally, Abraham brings their unique point of view to the topic of "Bipolar Disorder", and talks to a family physician about teaching "wellness".

With current events in the news weighing on many, Abraham's timely observations here are like a breath of fresh air.

Recorded in Tampa, Florida on January 8th, 2005.

Subjects include:
Taking the Emotional Journey (15:44)
Conflicted About the Iraq War (17:08)
Tsunamis, Hurricanes, & Law of Attraction (11:25)
Jerry: Are We Guided Away From Death? (15:29)
Jerry: Responding To Suicidal People (7:08)
Bipolar or Just a "Strong Wanter"? (7:46)
A Family Physician Teaches Wellness (7:17)


Jerry & Esther Hicks
For over 20 years Esther & Jerry Hicks have published hundreds of books, audio recordings and videos, and have conducted up to 60 workshops a year. Their work is derived from the teachings of "Non-Physical Source Energy" whom they refer to as "Abraham".

The Teachings of Abraham™ are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience.

“The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.”

Answers and inspiration from the Non-Physical entity Abraham — whom Esther calls “infinite intelligence” and Jerry refers to as “the purest form of love I’ve ever encountered.”
