"(T) Raumschiff Surprise - Periode 1"

Genre: Comedy, Sci-Fi
Year: 2004
Country: Germany
Runtime: 84 min
Director: Michael Herbig
Cast: Michael Herbig, Rick Kavanian, Christian Tramitz, Anja Kling,
Til Schweiger

.: Plot :.
The movie begins at a place which appears to be Nevada's legendary Area 51. A visiting general is led down into an underground complex where he is shown a captured alien. The alien resembles a chubby Vulcan in a cowboy costume, and greets the general with a "Hey, what'cha looking at?".

The next scene opens 300 years later, in 2304. Earth is under attack by the fleet of the Mars Regulator and his asthmathic right hand (and son) Jens Maul. With most of Earth's forces destroyed, the Queen Metapha (from "metaphor", played by Anja Kling) of Earth and her secretaries debate their last options. They decide to call for the crew of the Surprise, Earth's last available ship, to travel 300 years back in time. Their mission is to destroy a UFO which had crashed in Nevada in 2004. Its technology had enabled mankind to colonize Mars in the first place, hence its destruction would prevent the attack 300 years later.

At first Captain Kork is very reluctant to follow the order to return to Earth immediately (because he, Spucky and Schrotti intend to train for a 'Miss Waikiki' contest), but ultimately changes his mind. Because of some technical problems, however, direct transport is not possible, so Kork orders Schrotty to call a space taxi. The taxi is driven by Rock (played by Til Schweiger), who is immediately admired by both Kork and Spuck. Rock manages to break through the Martian blockade, but during the action the taxi is chased and severely damaged and crashes beside the Queen's palace. Kork, Spuck and Schrotty are advised of their mission and are then seated into the time machine, which looks like an old sofa. When the Regulator's forces attack the capital city, Rock and Metapha join Kork and Spucky on the device, while Schrotti remains behind. Jens Maul acquires the time machine's manual, builds his own one and follows the foursome back in time.

Under constant harrassment by Jens Maul, the travellers have a couple of unvoluntary sojourns in 1304 Britain, during a tournament held by Lord William the Last (Sky Dumont) and Nevada of the Wild West era, where they run afoul of Santa Maria (Dumont in a reprisal of his role in Der Schuh des Manitu). Upon arrival in the West, the time sofa is smashed by a speeding train; however, the group captures Maul's time machine and uses it to reach 2004, where they witness the UFO crashing. It turns out to be no bigger than a football and its occupant no taller than a human hand. The beer-guzzling alien emerges and in its haste to consume more alcohol, it begins to choke. Spucky tries to help by offering Maul's asthma spray, but the pressure created by the device blows up the creature. The group disintegrates the UFO and scrambles onto the sofa just as the local military arrives. But the control panel shows that it is overloaded with exactly 76.375 kilograms – just as much as Spucky happens to weigh. With a heavy heart, Spucky decides to remain behind.

The story switches back to Area 51, where Spuck has just finished telling his tale. The government officials are not convinced until Spuck provides proof in the form of a futuristic piece of technology: a thermometer with a vibrating alarm which he had inserted just before departure. And as Kork, Rock and Metapha get back to the future, Spuck is already awaiting them. Spuck has survived because he's a Vulcanette, who have extraordinarily long lifespans, and has been busy re-decorating Earth within the last 300 years (it is now all in pink). So Kork and his men get to participate in the Miss Waikiki contest after all - but the ever-relentless Jens Maul has the last word to say about this ...

Rating: 5.1/10