Copied from µTorrent Homepage:


What Is µTorrent?


Micro-Sized Yet Feature Filled

µTorrent is the world's most popular BitTorrent client.
Most of the features present in other BitTorrent clients are present in µTorrent, including bandwidth prioritization, scheduling, RSS auto-downloading and Mainline DHT (compatible with BitComet). Additionally, µTorrent supports the Protocol Encryption joint specification (compatible with Azureus 2.4.0.0 and above, BitComet 0.63 and above) and peer exchange.


Resource-Friendly

µTorrent was written with efficiency in mind.
Unlike many torrent clients, it does not hog valuable system resources - typically using less than 6MB of memory, allowing you to use the computer as if it weren't there at all. Additionally, the program itself is contained within a single executable less than 220 KB in size.


Skinnable and Localized

Various icon, toolbar graphic and status icon replacements are available, and creating your own is very simple. µTorrent also has support for localization, and with a language file present, will automatically switch to your system language. If your language isn't available, you can easily add your own, or edit other existing translations to improve them!


Actively Developed and Improved

The development team puts in a lot of time working on features and making things more user-friendly. Releases only come out when they're ready, with no schedule pressures, so the few bugs that appear are quickly addressed and fixed.


Changelog:


Here's an alpha for µTorrent 2.1.
This release has multiple fixes in it new to the 2.1 tree. 
It is not feature complete.


2010-01-04: Version 2.1 (build 17687)


Fix: Streaming related bugs

Fix: Disconnect issue with seeds

Fix: uTP over Teredo at high speeds, and MTU problems on some kinds of networks

Fix: Add translations to new graph strings


2009-12-15: Version 2.1 (build 17618)


Change: New default artwork


Fix: WebUI would allow any name for guest account when enabled.


Change: Added auto restart feature for use in minimized mode.

Change: On Windows 7 default to not minimize to tray

Change: Tell user about buggy 3rd party software that might degrade uTorrent performance


Fix: Added critical section to prevent race conditions in alternate builds

Fix: Transfer Cap tab in preferences would display incorrect Uploaded / Downloaded

Fix: Fixed rare crash when using magnet links

Fix: Fixed crash when super seeding a torrent without metadata

Fix: Fixed handling of a uTP edge-case


Change: Complete upload-only extension support


Feature: Add streaming buttons at torrent view and files tab


Fix: Plugged some string memory leaks

Fix: Various GUI crash bugs



2009-11-18: Version 2.1 (build 17350)


Fix: Catches crashes in bad DLLs

Fix: Accept magnet links through add-url webUI

Fix: More strict https connection state management for halfopen accounting.


Feature: A new tunable option in advanced setting for failover peer speed threshold


Fix: Problem during install toolbar offer


Change: Relaxed the requirements on bencoded integers to parse some broken torrents


Fix: svn revision in PeerID on PPC now takes endianness into account

Fix: Added socket state logging when draining read socket to prevent false asserts


Change: Fixed nationalization support so it no longer depends on Windows functions

Change: Added checks for heap corruption that caused crash in uTP

Change: Improved stability by making all executable pages not writable


Fix: Fixed stack overflow when copying peer list

Fix: Fixed allocation regression in connection to peers


Change: Enable multiple instances of the client to run on multi-user machines (e.g. fast user switching)


Fix: Fixed uTP crash in edge condition

Fix: Fixed crash when icmp.dll wouldn't contain the expected functions

Fix: Fixed crash when closing add torrent dialog while dragging a column



2009-10-29: Version 2.1 (build 17085)


Change: The Speed guide will now reject ports listed in bt.no_connect_to_services_list

Change: Add an upgrade message if a buggy version of nvLsp is detected


Fix: Don't take the total number of connections into account when connecting to trackers


Change: Increase default transfer cap to 250 GB/month



2009-10-15: Version 2.1 Beta (build 16932)


Fix: Accounting of halfopen https connections would cause uT to stop making new connections


Change: Made the DHT compatible with future extensions


Fix: Sometimes the &ip= parameter sent to trackers would be incorrect

Fix: Correctly order bencoded dict items in extension handshake message

Fix: Fixed holepunch error handling and support detection

Fix: Check invalid ports and IPs in the DNS resolver to avoid using them

Fix: Various polishing on the setup guide

Fix: Potential crash related to TLS not being initialized


Change: Better handle torrents with files having case insensitive equivalent paths


Feature: Support trackers and web seeds in magnet links


Change: Redirect WebUI requests from /gui to /gui/

Change: Disable installer for Wine

Change: Balance CDNs to download updates


Fix: Fixes bug where magnet links wouldn't work if PEX was disabled

Fix: Potential crash in network code

Fix: More crashes when using magnet links

Fix: Port settings saved in Setup guide


Change: Updated helpfile links to use redirects


Feature: Added RSS feeds and filters to WebUI


Fix: Fixed crashes in setup guide

Fix: Greyout custom toolbar with transparency


Change: Disable Ask for unsupported 64-bit Windows


Fix: Fixed UDP-tracker crash when dns resolution would fail


Change: Use user-supplied port in Setup Guide, save auto-portmap prefs.

Change: Added European Servers in Setup Guide

Change: New Icons in Setup Guide


Fix: Improper mutex accounting in hang detector

Fix: Crash when creating torrents


ED2K Link:
ed2k://|file|utorrent-2.1-beta-17687.upx.exe|406320|38FBD958481B37BBF1EDBAE579BD55AC|h=PQUI5WNPSYXTGS7NQEBR2P5X575MSSWZ|/


Comments from the uploader (olofolleola4):
Here is a link if you cannot download it through this torrent:
upload box  .  com  /  files  /  27855b19b9
rapid share  .  com  /  files  /  331210473  /  utorrent-2.1-beta-17687.upx.exe