File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:54

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 7350 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.15 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


My Darkest Days - Porn Star Dancing feat. Ludacris, Zakk Wylde & Chad Kroeger (Uncensored) (Xvid-2nafish) 1080p


This video has no logos or titles.


My Darkest Days is a Canadian post-grunge band based in Toronto, consisting of lead singer Matt Walst, Doug Oliver, Brendan McMillan, Sal Coz Costa, and Reid Henry. They were discovered by Chad Kroeger of Nickelback, who signed them up for his production company, 604 Records.

In June 2010, the band went on tour with Sick Puppies, Janus, and It's Alive, and shot a video in Las Vegas to support their first single, "Porn Star Dancing," released on June 21. On August 4 the video was 67th on the iTunes list of 100 most-downloaded videos worldwide, and the single was its fourth most downloaded rock song in Canada. Kroeger appears in the "Porn Star Dancing" video, as does American rapper Ludacris and guitarist Zakk Wylde.

The band was founded by Matt Walst, who was born in Norwood, Ontario, and whose older brother Brad Walst is the bassist for Three Days Grace. Instead of playing in his brother's band, Matt decided to form one of his own with his friends Brendan McMillan on bass guitar and Doug Oliver on drums and Paulo Neta on lead guitar. In 2009, a friend introduced him to Toronto-based singer-guitarist Sal Coz Costa, who later became the band's guitarist, replacing Paulo Neta who became the guitarist for Thornley. My Darkest Days has opened for many well known bands, including Three Days Grace, Default, Theory of a Deadman, Papa Roach and Hinder. 

When Chad Kroeger heard My Darkest Days, he was so impressed he immediately signed them to his record label. The first song they wrote after signing was "Porn Star Dancing," which became their first single. Kroeger decided he wanted to be featured on it, along with a friend of his, Zakk Wylde, frontman/guitarist for Black Label Society and a former guitarist for Ozzy Osbourne. Kroeger and Wylde both appear in the video, which was filmed at the Hard Rock Las Vegas Vanity nightclub. There is also a remix of the single featuring rapper Ludacris. On their official Facebook page they announced their new debut self-titled album was released on September 21, 2010.

My Darkest Days is an album by Canadian rock band My Darkest Days, released on Sept 21, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/