Round Midnight - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
 
http://img146.imageshack.us/img146/2913/frontxna.jpg


Label: CBS
Catalog: CDCBS 70300
Format:	CD, Compilation
Country: Netherlands
Released: 1986
Genre:	Jazz
Style:	Bop 

Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
Read mode               : Secure
Utilize accurate stream : Yes
Defeat audio cache      : Yes
Make use of C2 pointers : No
Codec: Flac 1.2.1;  Level -8  
Single File.flac, Eac.log, File.cue non compliance
Accuraterip: yes
Source: Original CD 
Size Torrent: 251 Mb
Atwork Incluse 





Track list

Round Midnight (5:35) Written-By - B. Hanighen, C. Williams, T. Monk
Body And Soul (5:54) Written-By - E. Heyman, F. Eyton, J. Green, R. Sour
Bérangère's Nightmare (3:06) Written-By - H. Hancock
Fair Weather (6:05) Written-By - K. Dorham
Una Noche Con Francis (4:22) Written-By - B. Powell
The Peacocks (7:16) Written-By - J. Rowles
How Long Has This Been Going On? (3:12) Written-By - G. Gershwin, I. Gershwin
Rhythm-A-Ning (4:11) Written-By - T. Monk 
Still Time (3:50) Written-By - H. Hancock
Minuit Aux Champs-Elysées (3:26) Written-By - H. Renaud
Chan's Song (Never Said) (4:15) Written-By - H. Hancock, S. Wonder 



Personnel: 

Dexter Gordon- tenor saxophone;
Herbie Hancock, Cedar Walton, Ronnie Mathews- piano;
Pierre Michelot, Ron Carter, Stafford James- bass;
Billy Higgins, Tony Williams, Louis Hayes- drums;
John McLaughlin- guitar; 
Bobby Hutcherson- vibraphone; 
Freddie Hubbard- trumpet; Woody Shaw- trumpet, flugelhorn;
Chet Baker- vocals, trumpet;
Wayne Shorter- tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone;
Bobby McFerrin- wordless vocals; 
Lonette McKee- vocal on How Long Has This Been Going On?.

Listen to samples
 
http://www.amazon.com/gp/recsradio/radio/B000002687/ref=pd_krex_dp_a
 
http://www.goear.com/listen.php?v=ccc28ae


Video




Directed by Bertrand Tavernier, Round Midnight is a fictional story that combines the careers of Bud Powell and Lester Young into one character. The soundtrack stands out as one of the greatest jazz film scores ever issued. Everything was recorded live. This reissue also features a bonus track, from Dexter Gordon's Homecoming: Live At The Village Vanguard (Columbia, 1976).

As the lead character, Gordon interprets "Body and Soul" and a few other pieces that provide appropriate impressions for the story. His acting and playing go hand in hand. Gordon's tenor places Lester Young in the ear and mind's eye of the audience. Billy Higgins and Herbie Hancock anchor a session high in quality and filled with emotion. When the script calls for something eerie, they provide it. By inverting the harmonic structure of Bud Powell's "Time Waits," Hancock creates "Still Time," which moves soothingly along a fairy-tale path. Daydreams and nightmares come and go, while an all-star jazz cast provides the charm. A twin-tenor battle with Wayne Shorter, a hard bop quintet romp with Freddie Hubbard, and several classic ballads form a memorable soundtrack. As well as paying homage to pioneers Powell and Young, the film's music serves as a tribute to many other bebop, hard bop, and post-bop innovators. 