URGEHAL are keeping the faith and spirit of original Norwegian Black Metal and the band from Hønefoss has every right to do so. Ever since lead guitarist and singer Trondr Nefas founded URGRHAL with guitarist Enzifer as early as the year 1992, they have followed a strict policy of using satanic and misanthropic lyrics, heavy corpsepaint and spikes on stage as well as a dirty and harsh sound. 

Although URGEHAL’s sixth studio album “Ikonoklast” remains firmly with the Black Metal frame in its original sense, this unholy masterpiece offers impressive dynamics from doom-laden solemnity to furious outbreaks. A blasphemous groove is added to the malignant atmosphere, which permeates this frightening work of dark art. URGEHAL take an important step ahead of the pack and reach for the future of Norwegian Black Metal. Nevertheless the band’s roots still reach deep into their past. 

URGEHAL’s massive brutality and onslaught of fierceness challenged the underground even in terms of Norwegian extreme music. This vitriolic viciousness became apparent already during the band's demo days with “Ferd” (1994) and “Rise of the Monument” (1995). It was not a far step from their beginnings, when URGEHAL released the album debut “Arma Christi” in the year 1997. The band never wanted to be recognized by the major audience and therefore did not target their music towards any commercial paradigms of Heavy Metal, but stayed true to the old underground mentality. 

Their crushing second output “Massive Terrestrial Strike” (1998) finally established the name URGEHAL firmly on the list of most aggressive Black Metal hordes. Harsh and ugly as this musical bastard remains until this day, the album left a strong impression on its audience and gained the Norwegians an international following. Always keeping a traditional approach to the style there were slight, but effective improvements on all of URGEHAL‘s next offerings “Atomkinder” (2001), "Through Thick Fog Till Death" (2003) and “Goatcraft Torment” (2006). Despite consciously aiming at the underground, the band kept growing in reputation and status. 

In the year 2007 URGEHAL saw it fit to celebrated their 15 years anniversary with the anniversary compilation “The Eternal Eclipse – 15 Years of Satanic Black Metal”. This was a staggering prove that there are still True Norwegian Black Metal bands out there, which are keeping the spirit of the early Nineties. Gathering momentum URGEHAL prepared the way for "Ikonoklast" by performing at an impressive number of festivals in summer 2009 like SWR Barroselas Metalfest (PT), Summerbreeze Open Air (DE), United Metal Maniacs Festival (DE), Barther Metal Open Air (DE) and Wolfszeit Festival (DE) as well as a full tour through the USA in autumn. 

Now URGEHAL are bringing their warmachine to full power with “Ikonoklast”. The Norwegians embrace the values of the fundamental darkness, hate and misanthropy, which Black Metal is built upon. In this very conscious underground scene only a few bands are able to claim authenticity. URGEHAL count among the chose few that possess high credibility and respect amongst the followers of this extreme genre. “Ikonoklast” is the audible proof of their continued dirty war against ursupation by the boring mass market – yet there is an uncanny catchiness and sinister groove to their newest output. Let URGEHAL seduce your black soul and take you to hell! 

Current line-up 
Trondr Nefas - Vocals, Guitar (1992-) (Beastcraft, In Lingua Mortua, Krypt, Styggdom, Svartekunst, Dim Nagel/Endezzma, Vulture Lord, Angst Skvadron, Kvist, Bloodsworn)
Enzifer (aka Mr. Triggerhappy Lepermessiah) - Guitar (1992-)
Mannevond - Bass (2007-) (Koldbrann, Enthral (Nor), Vidsyn, Nettlecarrier, Endstille)
 
Genre = Black Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = vbr

Track Listing
1. Stesolid Self-Destruction To Damnation 
2. Dødelagt  
3. Cut Their Tongue Shut Their Prayer 
4. The Necessity Of Total Genocide  
5. Kniven Rider Dypt I Natt 
6. Astral Projection To Rabid Hell  
7. Approaching Doom 
8. Holocaust In Utopia  
9. Sopor Necrosanctus 