Futanari Insanity Part 5 - Parody Futa | From Pr0n_Glutton/black_dragon(Empornium)
Possibly Hosted by others on various trackers.

OPTIONAL: If you followed the optional instructions from Part 4, then when you are completely done with this torrent, Place "Parody Futa" in your "Category Futa" folder, as well as the folders from Part 1-4.

The PureTNA community has given my Futanari Insanity torrents alot of activity, perhaps more than any other tracker. For at least this part, I will host the first posting of Part 5 on PureTNA as a way of showing thanks. This may happen with other parts as well (but not necessarily all).

A large amount, if not most hentai that is out there is a "parody" of another source. Hentai manga depicting characters that aren't normally nude or sexually explcit in their original mediums are refered to as Doujins or Doujinshi. If I were to really do a complete collection of Parody Futa and Hentai. This collection would never be done. I do notice that I probably could have more futa in this category. There's tons of it online but I only have a small part of it. Most of the content comes from the Video Game category since I'm a big gamer. I haven't followed too much anime recently and if I did, I'd be grabbing stuff forever. I still have tons of non-futa Hentai of anime and Games character (look at my Oh My Goddess folder, sheesh)

The following list show what positions are categorized. Asterisks (*) show folders with a high amount of pictures which are zipped while other folders are not zipped.
Anime
Disney-Pixar (A couple folders Zipped within. Extract directly to the folder when done)
Futa Tans * (Futanari of variou's "-tan" characters like Windows XP-tan and Windows 2000-tan)
Futa TV Movie Comics * (Futa from various Shoes, Movies and Comics)
Video Game Futa (Futa of Video game characters. Most of it is here)


Some of these folders may have pics from other folders or even my other parts. I forgot how little I really had in this folder and I'm a bit ashamed. I feeling I should probably fill these folders up and do a revision of this part. Don't hold me to that though, I'm making no promise that will happen.

This is just a small collection, but other categories might have gigs of content. I hope you enjoy this and be sure to leave feedback (Comments, Votes, Ratings Thanks, Seeds)