Rocket French Interactive Audio Course (Complete - 31 lessons)
Author: Marie-Claire Rivière
Publisher: Rocket Languages Ltd.
Format: mp3, pdf (voices embedded), game, software
Size: ~ 1 GB 

Why do YOU want to learn to speak French? Are you about to travel to a French speaking country? Do you have a French speaking partner? Are you studying French and need better resources to make your learning task easier? Do you want to earn more money at your job by being bilingual? Perhaps you simply want to learn for personal pleasure.

Whatever your reasons are, Rocket French has designed with YOU in mind, so that you will get immensely satisfying results FAST...

With Rocket French, you are going to learn French rapidly, effectively, and easily. You are going to be able to speak at a restaurant, at an airport, with new friends… in basically every situation you can think of!

Rocket French is a beginner's course in three main components:
1) audio lessons, which you listen to;
2) textual lessons, which you read; and
3) learning games, which you play.

But all three components have one thing in common: each one of them involves your own active participation.
* With the audio lessons in the Rocket French Interactive Audio Course, you will add your own voice to the conversations that are the focus of each lesson, both by repeating words to practice your pronunciation, and by saying the correct word or phrase when prompted by your host. These audio lessons come with supplementary written transcripts.
* With the textual lessons, which focus on the grammar of the French language and view it in its contemporary cultural context, you will walk through the various steps of how to change articles, adjectives, and verbs, how to build more and more complex sentences, and how to write in French. These text-based lessons are illustrated and contain embedded audio clips for new words and phrases.
* With the software-based learning games, you can test your memorization of French words, sounds, and verb changes through dynamic game-play and receive active feedback in real time.

STEP ONE:
Listen to the first three lessons of the Interactive Audio Course. This is the best way to acquaint yourself with the sound and rhythm of the language, as well as the native speakers Paul and Claire.

STEP TWO:
Go back and listen to the lessons again. This may sound like unwelcome advice, but you will find that you will often have to go back to go forward when learning any new language. The process is incremental, which means you will only be able to take in so much at any given time. But you will notice not only how much more of the material you recognize, but also how much quicker you pick things up the second time around.
The second time you listen to the Interactive Audio lessons, you should be comfortable enough to refer to the written transcripts of the conversations.

STEP THREE:
When you have found that you can comfortably listen to the audio lessons, AND participate in them on cue without getting lost or overwhelmed, then it's time to explore the lessons that make up the Rocket French Grammar & Culture Series. These lessons dive deeper into the mechanics of the language, and also reward you with relevant explanations about where, how, why, and when to use the language skills that you have gained.

STEP FOUR:
Get your game on with Rocket French's range of software-based learning games. Even though we've listed this as a possible step four on your fast-track to learning conversational French, you can use these learning games at any time, and especially when you feel like you want a break from sustained listening or reading with regard to the other course material. Because they are so entertaining and easy to use, the MegaFrench games make "motivation" an after-thought.

STEP FIVE:
A fifth step in the process of learning conversational French with your Rocket French learning package doesn't necessarily DIRECTLY involve any of the materials included IN the package! But it is still a most essential step: PRACTICE and SHARE what you've learned.

All the best for your French learning and bonne chance! 