Easily Add Photos & Videos to Your Show
Simply drag and drop your photos and videos onto the Slide List to add them to your show. Each slide can have an unlimited number of layers meaning you can create unique photo montages, add borders to images and more. You can even edit your video clips directly in ProShow Gold by using the built-in video trimmer. Use a transition to fade into the next slide for a seamless effect. 

Add an unlimited number of layers to any slide 
Drag and drop to easily add content to a show 
Supports 100+ file types 
Transparency support for PSD, PNG, TIFF and GIF files 
Built-in video trimmer crops video clips precisely 
Over 280 quality transition effects to choose from 		

Add Motion to Still Images
Add a custom motion effect to any photo or video in your slideshow. Zoom into a point of interest, pan across a panoramic image or rotate any photo. A little bit of motion can add a lot of interest to your slide show. Think about how you see images when watching TV; they are rarely static and still on the screen. Add simple pans, zooms or rotations for the best overall effect. 

Bring any photo to life with motion effects 
Precise motion control—use composition lines for perfect alignment 
Scale/zoom photos to any size with increased zooming range 
Set acceleration styles for motion effects 
Randomize motion effects for your slide show in seconds 		

Use Slide Styles for Instant Effects
Slide Styles are pre-made effects that you can apply to any slide in your show. Just drop in your images, add a Slide Style and the rest is done for you. Slick, professional-looking effects in an instant. ProShow Gold comes with 50 must-have Slide Styles. You can also create, save and re-use your own Styles. Build up a library of styles or share styles with other ProShow users. 

One-click special effects 
50 built-in Slide Styles 
Create and save your own Styles 		

Edit Photos & Create Custom Captions
ProShow Gold has a sea of built-in photo editing tools. Turn a color photo into black and white, adjust brightness or contrast, remove red-eye and more. You can also add custom captions to any slide in your show. Captions are great for creating intro slides, adding descriptive captions to photos, creating scrolling credits and more. 

Easily remove red-eye from photos 
One-click auto fix for photos 
Add borders and drop shadows to any photo or video 
Set captions to any font, size, style and color 
Add fun to your captions—choose from the expanded set of 100+ caption effects 		

Share Your Shows at Home or On-the-Go
ProShow Gold has more output options than any other slideshow software on the market. Output your slide shows directly to all the major disc formats including DVD, Blu-ray & CD. Upload shows directly to the web throughFlash, QuickTime or Photodex's own streaming ProShow Presenter. You can put your shows on portable devices like the iPhone, iPod, Blackberry & more. 

Burn to DVD, CD & Blu-ray 
Built-inuploader 
Stream shows online with Flash, QuickTime or Presenter 
Output to portable devices like the iPhone, Blackberry & more 
Upload and share your shows online for FREE at photodex.com
