Learn to Tango with D

Learn to Tango with D introduces you to the powerful D language, with special attention given to the Tango software library. A concise yet thorough overview of the language’s syntax and features is presented, followed by an introduction to Tango, the popular general–purpose library you’ll find invaluable when building your D applications.

by Kris Bell, Lars Ivar Igesund, Sean Kelly, Michael Parker | ISBN-13: 978-1-59059-960-0 | Published Feb 2008 | 208pp.

The D programming language is a strongly typed, natively compiled computer
language. If you’re familiar with C, C++, or Java, you’ll find that you’re very
much at home with D, as it retains most of the constructs with which many
programmers are already comfortable. At the same time, D is different in ways
both subtle and striking, successfully combining a number of programming styles
while managing to retain a succinct and reasonably simple grammar.

D is designed as a systems language, although it is suitable for a wide range
of projects, from small programs developed by one person to large-scale,
commercial applications worked on by dozens of developers.

Tango is a general-purpose companion library that provides a rich variety of
practical functionality. The Tango library is open source software, with a
strong following and an increasingly large number of compatible add-ons
available.  Tango’s design is intended to satisfy a desire for both efficiency
and flexibility, mirroring two principal attributes of D itself. The
application programming interface (API) offers many services you would expect
to find in a modern software development toolkit, such as containers,
compression algorithms, threads, fibers, networking, and text manipulation.

This book, Learn to Tango with D, is an introduction to both the D language and
the Tango library. The key features of both are presented in a condensed and
fast-paced format, where the goal is to give you sufficient information to
become productive quickly and effectively.
 
http://www.digitalmars.com/d/