Mississippi John Hurt
The Complete Studio Recordings
Vanguard Records
181/83-2
2000

3 Disc Set containing the Vanguard studio albums:

Disc 1: Today!

01. Pay Day
02. I'm Satisfied
03. Candy Man
04. Make Me A Pallet On Your Floor
05. Talking Casey
06. Corrinna, Corrinna
07. Coffee Blues
08. Louis Collins
09. Hot Time In The Old Time Tonight
10. If You Don't Want Me Baby
11. Spike Driver Blues
12. Beulah Land
[Originally Released in 1966]
Guitar/Vocals: Mississippi John Hurt
Composed by Hurt, except 4,6,9,12 (Traditional)


Disc 2: The Immortal

01. Since I've Laid My Burden Down
02. Moaning The Blues
03. Stocktime (Buck Dance)
04. Lazy Blues
05. Richland Woman Blues
06. Wise And Foolish Virgins (Tender Virgins)
07. Hop Joint
08. Monday Morning Blues
09. I've Got The Blues And I Can't Be Satisfied
10. Keep On Knocking
11. The Chicken
12. Stagolee
13. Nearer My God To Thee
[Originally Released in 1967]
Guitar/Vocals: Mississippi John Hurt. 2nd Guitar on tracks 2 & 8 only: Patrick Sky
Composed by Hurt, except 1,2,13 (Traditional) and 12 (Hurt, Traditional)


Disc 3: Last Sessions

01. Poor Boy, Long Ways From Home
02. Boys You're Welcome
03. Joe Turner Blues
04. First Shot Missed Him
05. Farther Along
06. Funky Butt
07. Spider, Spider
08. Waiting For You
09. Shortnin' Bread
10. Trouble, I've Had It All My Days
11. Let The Mermaids Flirt With Me
12. Good Morning, Carrie
13. Nobody Cares For Me
14. All Night Long
15. Hey, Honey, Right Away
16. You've Got To Die
17. Goodnight Irene
[Originally Recorded 1966]
Guitar/Vocals: Mississippi John Hurt
Recorded February, 1966 at Manhattan Towers Hotel, New York
Composed by Hurt, except 1 (Bukka White), 8 (Barry, Elfman, Greenwich), 9 (Traditional), 12 (Bowman, McPherson, Smith),
  14 (Chenier, Johnson, Lewis), 17 (Leadbetter).

~Hurt passed away on November 2, 1966


Above info from liner notes (writing credits from allmusic.com and bmi.com).
Below are reviews from allmusic.com, which have a few factual errors- assuming the liner notes are correct.



Review of 'Today!' by David Freedlander (from allmusic)

Today is Mississippi John Hurt's first and finest studio release since his "rediscovery" on his 
Avalon farm by folklorist Tom Hoskins in 1963. Eclipsed possibly only by his earlier 1928 Sessions,
this album shows a more mature Hurt picking his way through standards and originals after the 
Depression years and Hurt's fall into obscurity before the folk revival of the 1960s. It shows, 
however, that all that the great bluesman has lost is years; his voice retains its characteristic 
Buddha-esque warmth and it is still difficult to believe that there is just one man playing on the 
seemingly effortless guitar work. The music on the album comes from a variety of different influences, 
from the fun and poppy "Hot Time in Old Town Tonight" and "Coffee Blues," to the bluesy standards 
"Candy Man" (Hurt's most famous song) and "Spike Driver's Blues" to the soulful spirituals "Louis Collins" 
and "Beulah Land." Hurt's tranquil guitar work -- mixing country, Scottish folk, and Delta blues -- strings 
all of the songs along the same simple and elegant thread. Hurt himself never could explain his guitar playing, 
as he used to say, "I just make it sound like I think it ought to." Regardless, that sound, along with a mellow 
and heartfelt voice, wizened here by decades, combine to make Today an unforgettable whole. A truly essential 
album of the folk revival, unrivaled in its beauty and warmth. 


Review	of 'The Immortal Mississippi John Hurt' by Brian Beatty (from allmusic)

One of the best albums of country blues ever recorded. The fingerpicking is delicate, the vocals 
mellow and sweet. Many tunes that remain associated with Hurt are included here in versions that 
rival his legendary recordings from the late '20s. "Richland Woman Blues," "Stagolee," "The Chicken,"
 and "Since I've Laid My Burden Down" sound as fresh as ever in these '60s versions. This album 
leaves little doubt as to why Hurt was so beloved after his rediscovery. 


Review	of 'Last Sessoins' by Bruce Eder (from allmusic)

Recorded in New York during February and July of 1966, the 17 songs on this collection represent 
Mississippi John Hurt's final studio efforts. It is astonishing that this man, in the final months 
of his life, could do 17 songs that were the equal of anything he had done at his first sessions 45 
years earlier, his playing (supported on some tracks with producer Patrick Sky on second guitar) as
alluringly complex as ever and his voice still in top form. Hurt is brilliant throughout, his voice 
overpowering in its mixture of warmth, gentleness, and power, and in addition to the expected crop 
of standards and originals, he covers songs by Bukka White ("Poor Boy, Long Ways from Home") and 
Leadbelly ("Goodnight Irene") -- all of it is worthwhile, with some tracks, such as "Let the Mermaids 
Flirt with Me," especially haunting. 

Review of 'The Complete Studio Recordings' by Thomas Ward (from allmusic)

Although not as consistently magnificent as Hurt's 1928 recordings, the performances the artist 
recorded for Vanguard in the mid 1960's would be the zenith of many blues artist's entire careers. 
Songs like the opening "Payday" and "Poor Boy, Long Ways From Home" rank with any folk-blues song 
ever recorded. This fantastic set collects the three albums Vanguard released in Hurt's lifetime 
and as such is undeniably the package to go for to acquire these later gems. 

~doctorslist