Uncommon.Valor.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


Legendary wargame designer Gary Grigsby puts YOU in command of the fiercest fighting in the Pacific War!

Uncommon Valor has detail never before achieved in a game of this scale. From May 1942 until the end of 1943, the fate of the Pacific War hinged on the seas, jungles and mountains of the South Pacific. Uncommon Valor covers the hard-fought campaigns for New Guinea, New Britain, New Ireland and the Solomon Islands. With an innovative game system that tracks every ship, vehicle, aircraft, gun and squad in the conflict, you command hundreds of ships chosen from over 200 ship classes. as well as the vast array of Aircraft that were the Terror of Pacific skies. 

Uncommon Valor includes all the factors that influenced combat, from the experience level of fighter pilots to the firing arcs of a battleship's guns. Yet there is more to your job than fighting; a simple yet accurate logistics system lets you send supplies to the troops that need them most.

Choose from nineteen historical and hypothetical scenarios ranging from small naval engagements to massive campaigns, including the full Campaign Scenario. Streamlined turns allow players to adjust the speed of the game, making Uncommon Valor a realistic, fast-paced simulation of the most crucial period in the Pacific War. 

Famous commanders like Nimitz and Yamamoto held the fate of nations in their hands. 

Can you do better? 

PC Gamer Rated 89%: "In my 12 years of reviewing wargames, I’ve never enjoyed a deeper, richer, more historically plausible simulation. It’s a WWII buff’s desktop dream come true." 

GameZone: 8.5/10 “..this game is very challenging (but rewarding and highly addictive), but then so is real war.” 

IGN: 8.2/10 “Uncommon Valor certainly deserves our interest and rewards our involvement.” 


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game And Play

Patch And Crack Included


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED







