Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

This is the Deluxe Edition.

Twenty years after England's Summer of Love, rave had made a comeback -- at least in indie circles -- and Liam Howlett's Prodigy, the only original rave group still going (anyone remember Altern-8?), could hardly have done worse than jump aboard. But Invaders Must Die is a curious nu-rave record, as though the sound of 1991 (such as their Top Ten hit "Charly") has been filtered through the sound of 1996 (such as their number one, "Firestarter") to emerge as nothing more than a hodgepodge of uptempo dance music with extroverted beats and grimy basslines. If that sounds basically like your average electronica record circa the turn of the millennium (albeit produced by one of its greatest heroes), then you're a long way towards understanding what this nu-rave record from the Prodigy sounds like. Add a few period-appropriate cues -- unfiltered synth or keyboard runs, ring-the-alarm effects, samples of divas or ragga chatters (sped-up and slowed-down, respectively) -- and you get a strange album indeed. The single "Omen" is a good example, although it has few qualities to recommend it beyond its basic energy; tellingly, it's a rare co-production, with James Rushent from Does It Offend You, Yeah?. The other two tracks with the most rave signals are "Take Me to the Hospital" and "Warrior's Dance," which both sound like follow-ups to "Charly" or "Out of Space" filtered through the darkside strains of latter-day hardcore techno (aka 4Hero's "Mr. Kirk's Nightmare"). And as usual with the Prodigy -- going back to Music for the Jilted Generation -- there's plenty of polemics and struggle, most of it delivered in shouted, sloganeering fashion by Keith Flint and Maxim (who are both back in the fold after being absent from the previous Prodigy record, Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned). Howlett is no slouch in the production chair, and the sounds are mostly blinding, but the songs are strictly by-the-books.

~ John Bush, allmusic.com

Invaders Must Die is the fifth regular studio album by the electronic act The Prodigy, released on February 23, 2009 on the band's new label, Take Me to the Hospital, and distributed by Cooking Vinyl. It will be the first studio album released by the band since 2004's Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned and is the first Prodigy album since 1997's The Fat of the Land to feature all three members of the band.

Details about the album were released on November 4, through The Prodigy's official newsletter and confirmed the same day by Liam on The Zane Lowe Show on BBC Radio 1. The band have said that the album will go back to their "old-school but cutting edge" roots, and will feature collaborations with Dave Grohl (of Foo Fighters) and James Rushent (of Does It Offend You, Yeah?), but will not feature any guest vocals. The album will be released as a CD, CD/DVD set, Double vinyl, digital download and a luxury 7-inch vinyl box set which will include five 7-inches, CD/DVD, bonus CD, poster, stickers and stencils.

The first single, also entitled "Invaders Must Die", was released as a free download from the band's website on the November 26, coinciding with its first airing on Zane Lowe's show, as his "Hottest Record in the World". Omen will be the second single off the album on February 16.

To coincide with the release of the album, the band will embark on a nine date, UK arena tour, with support from Dizzee Rascal and Fight Like Apes.

Tracklist:

01. Invaders Must Die (4:55)
02. Omen (3:36)
03. Thunder (4:09)
04. Colours (3:27)
05. Take Me To The Hospital (3:40)
06. Warrior's Dance (5:12)
07. Run With The Wolves (4:24)
08. Omen Reprise (2:14)
09. World's On Fire (4:50)
10. Piranha (4:04)
11. Stand Up (5:30)

Ltd. Deluxe Edition:
12. Black Smoke (Bonus Track) (03:26)
13. Fighter Beat (Bonus Track) (03:33)