
Barbie in A Christmas Carol

 is a heart-warming adaptation of the classic Dickens story filled with cherished Christmas carols, fabulous fashions and lots of laughs! The tale stars Barbie as Eden Starling the glamorous singing diva of a theatre in Victorian London. Along with her snooty cat, Chuzzlewit, Eden selfishly plans to make all the theatre performers stay and rehearse on Christmas Day! Not even Eden's costume designer and childhood friend, Catherine can talk Eden out of her self-centred tantrum.

It's upto three very unusual Christmas Spirits to take Eden on a fantastical holiday journey that will open her heart to the spirit of the season and the joy of giving. Barbie in A Christmas Carol is a family favourite to enjoy every holiday season!

It's up to three very unusual Christmas Spirits to take Eden on a fantastical journey that will open her heart to the spirit of the season and the joy of giving. Barbie in A Christmas Carol is a family favourite to enjoy every Christmas season!




fairytopia


Starring Barbie as Elina!

Just through the rainbow, in the world of Fairytopia, lives Elina, a beautiful flower fairy who longs to have wings.

Her home is a large flower in the Magic Meadow where she lives with Bibble, a quirky but loveable puffball.

One day Elina wakes to find that her flower home is sick, and that her fairy friends can't fly! She summons the courage to help and embarks on a fantastic journey to find Azura, a Guardian Fairy she thinks can solve the problem. She meets new people who test her courage and teach her the value of true friendship. But can a wingless fairy save all of Fairytopia?

Join Barbie, as Elina, in her first ever Fairytopia movie and discover a magical land of fairies, flowers, and enchanting experiences!






A Mermaid Tale:


 Barbie stars as Merliah, a surfing champion from Malibu. One minute shes a normal teenager and the next she learns a shocking family secret: she's a mermaid! Merliah and her dolphin friend Zuma set off on an undersea adventure to rescue her mother, the queen of Oceana. With help from her new mermaid friends, Merliah saves the ocean kingdom. In the end, she discovers what makes you different can also be your greatest strength.