well known novel by Stephenie Meyer

format : RTF + PDF + EPUB 


in this release added :

- Bonus Chapter

A NOTE ON THE BONUS CHARTER
While I was working with the producers for the film version of The Host, I started to think about some of the other perspectives that might make their way onto the screen when the story can no longer be perfectly first person. There was one moment in particular that had always existed in my head, though it couldn't appear in the novel because my narrator was unconscious at the time. I decided to write it down, just in case the director was interested in showing that scene. Chronology-wise, this scene falls in between chapters 58 and 59 of The Host. I hope you'll enjoy this new perspective of the story, as Melanie awakes. —S.M.

- conversation with Stepheniye Meyer

- questions and topics fot discussion

- annotated playlist (text + audio)

  audio : mp3, 96 - 320kbps (check info.txt 4 details)	

STEPHENIE MEYER'S ANNOTATED PLAYLIST FOR THE HOST

As much as I love music, as big a part as music plays in my writing process, I always have a hard time explaining my music — at least as it relates to the story. I end up using the phrase "this song fits into the moment when... " over and over again. It's dead boring. So instead of explaining each song's place, I've listed the character from whose perspective I hear the lyrics (most of them are Wanderer, naturally) and added a quote that gives an example of a moment when that song fits the action/emotion in my head.
Some of the songs are very specific to the scene — like #15, "Don't Stay" by Linkin Park. Others are more widely applicable, corresponding to big themes throughout the story — like #3, "Futurism" by Muse, and #22, "Original of the Species" by U2. In those cases, I still pulled just one quote, but one that I think hints at the whole theme. Also, a few of the songs are out of order on my website. I left them numbered the same, but from the pages and chapters listed you'll see what order they really belong in.

1. "Soul Meets Body," Death Cab for Cutie
 Wanderer, Chapter 1: "Remembered," page 9

With the truest instinct of my kind, I'd bound myself securely into the body's center of thought, twined myself inescapably into its every breath and reflex until it was no longer a separate entity. It was me.
Not the body, my body.

2. "Papercut," Linkin Park
Wanderer, Chapter 4: "Dreamed," page 39

Her voice in my head was as clear as my own spoken aloud. I shuddered in horror.

3. "Futurism," Muse
Melanie, Chapter 5: "Uncomforted," page 47

No one could compare what had been and what was now and not admit that Earth was a better place thanks to us.
You murder an entire species and then pat yourselves on the back.

4. "I Wasn't Prepared," Eisley
Wanderer, Chapter 9: "Discovered," page 86

"Enough," I said out loud, cringing away from the whiplash of pain. "Enough! You've made your point! I can't live without them either now. Does that make you happy? Because it doesn't leave me many choices, does it? Just one — to get rid of you."

5. "Walking After You," Foo Fighters
Wanderer/Melanie, Chapter 11: "Dehydrated," page 101

The yearning belonged to us both; the image of their faces, one man, one child, came from both memories. When I walked faster, I wasn't sure that I was completely in command of the motion.

6. "Down in It," Nine Inch Nails
Wanderer, Chapter 13: "Sentenced," page 120

I forced her to see it from my perspective: to see the threatening shapes inside the dirty jeans and light cotton shirts, brown with dust. They might have been human — as she thought of the word — once, but at this moment they were something else. They were barbarians, monsters. They hung over us, slavering for blood.
There was a death sentence in every pair of eyes. 

7. "Blood," Editors
Wanderer, Chapter 13: "Sentenced," page 123

The much-aged woman named Maggie lunged forward with a speed that belied her brittle exterior. She didn't raise the hand that held the black crowbar. That was the hand I was watching, so I didn't see her free hand swing out to slap me hard across the face.
My head snapped back and then forward. She slapped me again.
"You won't fool us, you parasite. We know how you work. We know how well you can mimic us."
I tasted blood inside my cheek.

8. "Pts.OF.Athrty," Linkin Park
Wanderer, Chapter 15: "Guarded," page 144

My heart started thumping faster than before, jerking against my ribs so hard that the hammering disrupted the rhythm of my lungs, made it difficult to breathe. Melanie was incapacitated with fear, unable to think in coherent words.
They were going to hurt him. Those lunatic humans were going to attack one of their own.

9. "Fortress Around Your Heart," Sting
Wanderer, Chapter 17: "Visited," page 166

Jamie watched me with cautious eyes and then took four slow steps forward until he stood over me. His glance flitted to Jeb, who hadn't moved or opened his eyes, and then Jamie knelt down at my side. His face was suddenly intense, and it made him look more adult than any expression yet. My heart throbbed for the sad man in the little boy's face.

10. "The Ghost of You," My Chemical Romance
Jared, Chapter 17: "Visited," page 169

Jared spit on the floor. "That's not Melanie. She's never coming back, Jamie."

11. "Because I Want You," Placebo
Wanderer, Chapter 19: "Abandoned," page 184

Jared's voice changed, became low, almost tender. So much more dangerous than the shouting. "Why didn't you want to tell her?"
My jaw locked hard. It was not the secret, but still, it was a secret he would have to beat out of me. In this moment, my determination to hold my tongue had less to do with self-preservation than it did with a stupid, grudging kind of pride. I would not tell this man who despised me that I loved him.

12. "Stockholm Syndrome," Muse
Wanderer, Chapter 26: "Returned," page 261

Jeb had wasted his efforts on the wrong people. It didn't matter that Trudy or Lily was speaking to me, that Ian would put himself between his brother and me, that Sharon and Maggie made no hostile move toward me. The only one who had to be convinced had now, finally, decided.
"I don't think anyone needs to calm down," Jared said through his teeth. "Jeb," he continued, not looking to see if the old man had followed him forward, "give me the gun."
The silence that followed his words was so tense I could feel the pressure inside my ears.
From the instant I could clearly see his face, I'd known it was over. I knew what I had to do now; Melanie was in agreement. As quietly as I could, I took a step to the side and slightly back, so that I would be clear of Ian. Then I closed my eyes.

13. "As You Are," Travis
Wanderer, Chapter 31: "Needed," pages 326-327

Because I was in love with him, no matter that it was unwilling, I had to look at Jared before I left. Mel wanted this, too, but wished that she could somehow exclude me from the process.
He was staring at me. I had a feeling his eyes had been on me for a long time. His face was carefully composed, but there was surprise and suspicion in there again. It made me tired. What would be the point of acting out a charade now, even if I were that talented a liar? Walter would never stand up for me again. I couldn't sucker him anymore.
I met Jared's gaze for one long second, then turned to hurry down the pitch-black corridor that was brighter than his expression.

14. "Smile Like You Mean It," The Killers
Wanderer, Chapter 38: "Touched," page 394

"So that's good, isn't it, Wanda? It will be just like before we came here!"
It felt sort of like a razor sliding between my ribs when he said that — too clean and precise a pain to be compared to a blow or a break.
Jamie analyzed my tortured expression with alarm. "Oh. No, I mean but with you, too. It will be nice. The four of us, right?"
I tried to laugh through the pain; it didn't hurt any worse than not laughing.

15. "Don't Stay," Linkin Park
Wanderer, Chapter 40: "Horrified," pages 413-414

GET OUT OF MY HEAD! I shrieked.
As I thrust her away from me — gagged her so that I wouldn't have to bear her justifications — I realized how weak she'd grown in all these months of friendliness. How much I'd been allowing. Encouraging.
It was almost too easy to silence her. As easy as it should have been from the beginning.

16. "Just Like You," Three Days Grace
Wanderer, Chapter 40: "Horrified," page 415

"Look, I guess that must have been pretty . . . bad. We never wanted you to see that. I'm sorry."
Sorry? Geoffrey'd said it was Jared's idea. He wanted to cut me out, slice me into little pieces, fling my blood on the wall. He'd slowly mangle a million of me if he could find a way to keep his favorite monster alive with him. Slash us all to slivers.

17. "Consolation Prizes," Phoenix
Ian, Chapter 42: "Forced," page 431

"Just think of it as . . . an experiment," Ian was saying.
"Are you crazy?" Jared answered. "Is this some sick joke?"
My stomach dropped through the floor.
Overwhelmed. That's what he'd meant.
Blood burned in my face, hot as Jamie's fever. What was Ian doing to me? I wanted to run, to hide somewhere better than my last hiding place, somewhere I could never, ever be found, no matter how many flashlights they used. But my legs were shaking, and I couldn't move.
Ian and Jared came into view in the room where the tunnels met. Ian's face was expressionless; he had one hand on Jared's shoulder and was guiding him, almost pushing him forward.

18. "My Name Is Love," Rob Dickinson
Wanderer/Ian, Chapter 56: "Welded," page 575

With Ian it was different, so very different, because Melanie didn't love him the way I did. So when he touched me, it was deeper and slower than the wildfire, like the flow of molten rock far beneath the surface of the earth. Too deep to feel the heat of it, but it moved inexorably, changing the very foundations of the world with its advance.
My unwilling body was a fog between us a thick curtain, but gauzy enough that I could see through it, could see what was happening.
It changed me, not her. It was almost a metallurgical process deep inside the core of who I was, something that had already begun, was already nearly forged. But this long, unbroken kiss finished it, searing and sharp edged — it shoved this new creation, all hissing, into the cold water that made it hard and final. Unbreakable.
And I started to cry again, realizing that it must be changing him, too, this man who was kind enough to be a soul but strong as only a human could be.
He moved his lips to my eyes, but it was too late. It was done. "Don't cry, Wanda. Don't cry. You're staying with me."

19. "The Hand That Feeds," Nine Inch Nails
Wanderer, Chapter 51: "Prepared," page 518

My eyes were locked on my feet as I climbed down. It was necessary; there was no path, and the loose rocks made for treacherous footing. But even if the way had been paved and smooth, I doubted I would have been able to lift my eyes. My shoulders, too, seemed trapped in a slump.
Traitor. Not a misfit, not a wanderer. Just a traitor. I was putting my gentle brothers' and sisters' lives into the angry and motivated hands of my adopted human family.
My humans had every right to hate the souls. This was a war, and I was giving them a weapon. A way to kill with impunity.

20. "My Body Is a Cage," Arcade Fire
Wanderer, Chapter 57: "Completed," page 579

I stared into Jared's eyes, and the strangest thing happened. All the melting and melding I had just been through was shoved aside, into the smallest part of my body, the little corner that I took up physically. The rest of me yearned toward Jared with the same desperate, half-crazed hunger I'd felt since the first time I'd seen him here. This body barely belonged to me or to Melanie — it belonged to him.
There really wasn't room enough for the two of us in here.

21. "Rescued," Jack's Mannequin
Wanderer/Jared, Chapter 58: "Finished," page 591

"Stay here, Wanda. With us. With me. I don't want you to go. Please. I can't imagine having you gone. I can't see that. I don't know how to . . . how to . . ." His voice broke.
He was a very good liar. And he must have been very, very sure of me to say those things. I rested against him tor a moment, but I could feel the time pulling me away. Time was up. Time was up.

22. "Original of the Species," U2
Ian, Chapter 57: "Completed," page 587

"I truly love you, Ian." It was the only way I could tell him goodbye. The only way he would accept. I knew he would remember later and understand. "With my whole soul, I love you."
"I truly love you, too, my Wanderer."
He nuzzled his face against mine until he found my lips, then he kissed me, slow and gentle, the flow of molten rock swelling languidly in the dark at the center of the earth, until my shaking slowed.

23. "The Last Song," The All-American Rejects
Wanderer, Chapter 58: "Finished," page 591

No one had ever lied better than Jared lied with his body in my last minutes, and for that I was grateful. I couldn't take it with me, because I wasn't going anywhere, but it eased some of the pain of leaving. I could believe the lie. I could believe that he would miss me so much that it might even mar some of his joy. I shouldn't want that, but it felt good to believe it anyway.

24. "Beautiful Day," U2
Wanderer, Chapter 59: "Remembered," page 608

Happy and sad, elated and miserable, secure and afraid, loved and denied, patient and angry, peaceful and wild, complete and empty . . . all of it. I would feel everything. It would all be mine.