Beckett Comics was originally a comic book-publishing imprint of Beckett Publications. It was founded in 2003. Originally, all of its titles were sold at a comparatively lower price than their competition ($1.99 as opposed to $2.25). Yet, despite that, the production values were higher than what their competition offered for their usual products.
Beckett enjoyed critical success with their debut title, Gene-Fusion. They continued to produce acclaimed miniseries, including The Ballad of Sleeping Beauty, Fade from Grace, Ronin Hood of the 47 Samurai, and Red Warrior. Encouraged by this, they set out to publish a number of other titles, including the officially licensed adaptation of Terminator 3.
In 2005, Beckett Publications was sold to Apprise Media. Beckett Comics retained their independence, but, without the support of their parent company, they found themselves without resources to publish and distribute their titles. They made a deal with Image Comics to compensate for that problem. Under the terms, Beckett Comics would retain their editorial and creative independence. However, the prices of their titles would be more in line with the rest of the U.S. comic book industry. The company intends to focus on publishing original graphic novels instead of monthly issues.
In 2008, Jeff Amano, the writer of many Beckett Comics titles and the cover artist for all but RUULE: Ganglords of Chinatown, resigned from his position as president of Beckett Entertainment Partners. Gabriel Benson, the author of Fade from Grace and The Ballad of Sleeping Beauty, continues to work at Beckett Entertainment pursuing projects in the comic book, film, and television industries.


The Ballad of Sleeping Beauty
Hounded gunfighter Cole Jarrett chases the tale of a beautiful lady cursed to spend the rest of her days imprisoned in sleep for sins she did not commit, and along the way finds himself following the long road to redemption.
Written by Gabriel Benson and illustrated by Mike Hawthorne.


The Cobbler's Monster
Grieving over the death of his only son, Gepetto mixes the new science of DNA with the age-old magic of the golem to resurrect his son. But in truth, he was never very close to Victor. And the anger that burns within the heart of the monster he birthed and created, destroys everything and everyone around him. Now, Gepetto must hunt his own son. 
Written by Jeff Amano, with art by Craig Rousseau.


Fade From Grace
John and Grace are an ordinary couple until John comes home one day to find his wife trapped inside their burning house. When John tries to save her, he discovers that he has superpowers. The mini-series focuses on the effects this has on their relationship, especially after John decides to take on the secret identity "Fade."
Written by Gabriel Benson, and illustrated and created by Jeff Amano.


Gene-Fusion A.D. 2310
In 2206 A.D., an ancient technology is discovered that enables us to combine the DNA from animals around the world in order to create monsters of our own making.  By 2310 A.D. Gene-Fusion is packaged, franchised and marketed as a worldwide entertainment through the World Fusion Fights - larger than life gladiators with a deadly mix of the predatory instincts of nature's elite.
Written by Ivan Brandon and illustrated by Neil Vokes.


Red Warrior - Assassin for the Thieves World
Agent Tolik Kalinichenko convinces Elena, a Russian Mafiya leader's daughter, to seduce an old flame who may be connected to a secret combat system called "Bespredel" (Russian for "without limits"). Elena risks her life for her country, Mother Russia, the world, but most of all, for Tolik. In a race against the clock, Tolik must destroy Bespredel's Red Warriors in time to save Elena, who has been discovered as an informant. The two are brought together but don't believe they deserve love - and their world of war without limits threatens to tear them apart.
Written by Jeff Amano and illustrated by Andy MacDonald.


Ronin Hood of the 47 Samurai
When his samurai Lord falls prey to treachery, Oishi of the 47 Ronin leads his men to regain their honor even though it will end in their inevitable death. Death by either the superior numbers of their enemy or death by their own blade if they should actually succeed. But first, they must plan. First, they must protect the have-nots from those who have too much. Before they die as samurai, they must fight . . . as ronin.
Written by Jeff Amano, with art by Craig Rousseau.


Ruule v1 - Ganglords of Chinatown
Vicious biker gangs have overwhelmed Chinatown and terrorize the local people who have nothing but their faith. One man is chosen to lead his people to freedom, but the price of victory is more costly than blood and darker than war.
Created by Jeff Amano, written by Ivan Brandon and illustrated by Mike Hawthorne.


Ruule v2 - Kiss and Tell
Betrayed by all legs and even more curves, Sam Swede finds himself alone and in between the mob and dirty cops. Having immense strength never gave Sam a reason to use his noggin' much, not even as a private dick. So no one was surprised that Sam got taken to the bank when he met a dame with the upstairs to match her downstairs. The real surprise was how Sam came back and made the whole stinkin' town pay.
Written by Jeff Amano, with art by Craig Rousseau.


Terminator 3 Official Comic Book
Serves as the official prequel to the story that takes place in film.  Written by Ivan Brandon and pencilled by Goran Parlov.



Released on http://ComicPirates.info