
                           ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ  ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ
                             ÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÛÛ ÜÜ ÜÜ ÛÛ
   ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛ Û²ÜÜÜÜÛ²   ÛÛÜÛ² Û² ÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ
 ÜÛßÛÛß   ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ    ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ  ÜÜÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ   ßÛÛßÛÜ
 Û²°ÛÛ   ÛÛÛß Ûß          ßÛÛÜ ßÛ    ÛÛÛÛ  Û°   ÛÛÜ ßÛß          ßÛÛÜ°ßÛ  °ÛÛ± Û
 Û±±²Û   ÛÛÛ °ÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛ °Û°   ÛÛÛÛ °Û°   ÛÛÛ °ÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÜÛß  °Û±²°Û
 Û°²±Û   ÛÛÛ°±Û°           ÛÛÛ°±Û°   ÛÛÛÛ°±Û°   ÛÛÛ°±Û°          ßÛÛÜÜÜ   °Û°Û±Û
 Û Û°Û   ÛÛÛ±²Û°           ÛÛÛ±²Û°   ÛÛÛÛ±²Û°   ÛÛÛ±²Û°           ÛÛÜ°ßÛ° ±Û°Û²Û
 Û°Û°ÛÜ ßßßßßßßß          ßßßßßßßß  ßßßßßßßßß  ßßßßßßßß          ßßßßßßßß ²Û°Û²Û
 Û²Û°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°Û²Û
 Û²Û°Û²±°ÛÛÝ²±ÛÛÝ²±°Ý²±²ÛÛÝ²±ÛÛÝ²±ÛÛÝ²±°Ý²±°ÛÛÝ²±ÛÛÝ²±°Ý²±²ÛÛÝ²±ÛÛÝ²±ÛÛÝ²±²Û°Û²Û
 Û²Û°Û±° ÛÛÝ±°ÛÛÝ±°°Ý±°°ÛÛÝ±°ÛÛÝ±°ÛÛÝ±°°Ý±°°ÛÛÝ±°ÛÛÝ±°°Ý±°°ÛÛÝ±°ÛÛÝ±°ÛÛÝ±°°Û°Û²Û
 Û²Û°Û°  ÛÛÝ° ÛÛÝ° °Ý°  ÛÛÝ° ÛÛÝ° ÛÛÝ° °Ý°  ÛÛÝ° ÛÛÝ° °Ý°  ÛÛÝ° ÛÛÝ° ÛÛÝ° °Û°Û²Û
 Û²Û°Û   ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÝ  °Ý   ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÝ  °Ý   ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÝ  °Ý   ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÝ  ÛÛÝ  °Û°Û²Û
 Û²Û°Û   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Û°Û²Û
 Û±Û°Û   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Û°Û±Û
 Û°Û°Û   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Ý   °Û°Û°Û
 ÛÜÛ°ßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜßÜÜÜÜß°ÛÜÛ
  ßÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛß


                                PROUDLY PRESENTS

                    SoundToys.Native.Effects.VST.RTAS.v3.1.2 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : PACE/iLOK    
                            SIZE ......: 09 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 02/2010 
                            URL........: http://www.soundtoys.com 

                              Ü
           ßßßßßßßÛÛ ßßßßßßß Û²     ßßßßßßß ßßßßßßÛÜ ÜÛßßßßßßßßßßßßß
            Û± ßßÛÛÜ ²Ûßßßß  Û±     ²Ûßßßß  ²ÛßßßßÛ± ßßßßßÛ² ±Ûßßßß
 ßß ßßßßßßßßÛ°    ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛß    ßßßßßßßßß  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ßß
            ß

   Six  of our  hottest selling,  warmest sounding  plug-ins All  designed  by 
   effects fanatics with huge stacks of hardware and the experience to back it 
   up.                                                                         
                                                                               
                                                                               
   EchoBoy - The Ultimate Echo Plug-In                                         
                                                                               
                                                                               
   When we designed EchoBoy, we were looking for an echo that was warmer  than 
   existing delay plug-ins,  yet not as  dark as guitar  pedal echos. Well  it 
   seems like  we got  this one  just right.  Since its  release, EchoBoy  has 
   quickly become  one of  those 'must-have'  plug-ins for  Pro Tools, and has 
   become a permanent fixture on the aux faders of hundreds of top mixers  and 
   engineers.                                                                  
                                                                               
   Vintage Tone                                                                
                                                                               
   Find an echo  tone that fits  your mix by  choosing one of  the 30 built-in 
   echo styles  modeled after  our personal  collection of  vintage echos. Our 
   favorite is  the warm  sound of  "Studio Tape",  modeled after  our ATR-102 
   half-inch two-track  machine. You'll  also get  instant access  to a  whole 
   range of classics,  including EchoPlex, Space  Echo, Memory Man,  DM-2, and 
   the TelRay oilcan  delay. EchoBoy's chorus  even emulates the  CE-2 chorus, 
   considered  a holy-grail  of guitar  chorus pedals.  And yes,  turn it  up! 
   EchoBoy is designed to be abused, just like real analog gear.               
                                                                               
   Designed for Musicians                                                      
                                                                               
   No math needed to figure out delay times! Just dial in a musical note value 
   and lock it to your song's tempo  with the flip of a switch. Fine-tune  the 
   echo rhythm with the Groove,  Accent, and Feel controls. With  these simple 
   controls, dial in a musical sound that fits your style. EchoBoy is the only 
   echo processor with true musical groove control.                            
                                                                               
   Pro Features                                                                
                                                                               
   Even though EchoBoy is easy to use, it's also incredibly versatile.  Switch 
   to Dual Echo or  Ping-Pong modes for powerful  stereo echo effects. Or  use 
   Rhythm mode's remarkably easy-to-use 16-tap rhythmic delay. Under the Style 
   Tweak button you'll find a 3-band parametric EQ with separate control  over 
   echo decay and tone. Choose the amount and type of analog saturation,  dial 
   in the  amount of  tape wobble,  and even  reverb-style diffusion  control. 
   There's nothing anywhere that gives you this sort of control.               
                                                                               
                                                                               
   FilterFreak - Resonant Analog Filter                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
   We're big  on analog.  We think  that sound  is important.  So we  designed 
   FilterFreak to be fat. To be warm. To be, well, analog. All the reviews and 
   feedback say we  got it. We  also designed it  to do all  the things you do 
   with filters. From funky envelope  followers like Mutron, to classic  synth 
   style reshaping  with ADSR,  to big  resonant LFO  sweeps like  the Sherman 
   Filterbank, as well as the classic  sound of the old Morley WahWah  pedals. 
   Even two flavors of the great old Sci-Fi sample and hold sound. But a  plug 
   -in needs  to be  more. So,  we added  a unique  Rhythm Mode  that lets you 
   create  cool custom  patterns that  lock to  MIDI. A  ll the  fat and   the 
   flexibility of a whole closet full of filters and beyond.                   
                                                                               
   Analog Sound                                                                
                                                                               
   You can select emulations of different filter types to get a wide range  of 
   classic sounds.  Crank up  the resonance  to make  it squeal.  Flip on  the 
   Analog Mode switch and  hit it hard to  add Dirt, Pump, Shred  or Fat. Yep, 
   you can hit it hard coming in and going out, kind of like that old piece of 
   hardware, only  no batteries  or cables,  just great  analog sound. (Oh and 
   simulated wood side panels)                                                 
                                                                               
   Groovy                                                                      
                                                                               
   The Rhythm  Mode gets  you moving  with the  music. Flip  the MIDI  switch, 
   select 1/4 notes and  a sine wave, instant  auto wah. To get  a little more 
   creative, you can pop  open the Rhythm Editor  and create a custom  pattern 
   that  fits your  tune. (Save  that pattern  and use  it in   PhaseMistress, 
   Tremolator, or EchoBoy). Grab the Groove  knob and use swing or shuffle  to 
   drop it in the pocket. The only filter that lets you get to your sound  and 
   feel fast.                                                                  
                                                                               
   Double your Pleasure                                                        
                                                                               
   Need more power?  Fire up FilterFreak2  (It's part of  the package). That's 
   two fat  analog filters  you can  run serial  or parallel  for total filter 
   dominance. Each can  select from Low  Pass, High Pass,  Band Pass and  Band 
   Reject.  As well  as, 2,  4, 6,  or 8  pole filters.  Bass, guitar,  drums, 
   synths, vocals, anything you want to put through it and anyway you want it. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Speed - Tempo and Pitch Control                                             
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Change the tempo of drum loops. Shift the key of a bass line. SPEED is  the 
   utility that lets you  take control of the  tempo and the pitch  with three 
   different modes  to make  it easy  to get  what you  need fast  and without 
   glitchy pitch artifacts.                                                    
                                                                               
   Simple                                                                      
                                                                               
   In the Simple Mode,  the first screen you  see, you can easily  speed up or 
   slow down tempo or raise and lower pitch. Audition in real-time and see  if 
   it's the sound you want. You can even  use your ear to tune a loop to  your 
   song. Or try slowing down the  tempo while raising the pitch or  visa-versa 
   for interesting effects. By the way, SPEED also works with DigiDesign's TCE 
   (Time  compression  expansion)  Tool to  integrate  right  into Pro  Tools. 
   Simple, fast, and great sound.                                              
                                                                               
   Getting Graphic                                                             
                                                                               
   The second mode is  Graphic mode. Perhaps the  most creative of the  three, 
   Graphic Mode lets you draw lines  to slowly change pitch or tempo  or both, 
   independent of each other, over time. You can even see your waveform behind 
   the  graph  to make  it  easy to  do  interesting effects,  or  subtle time 
   shifting to  fixing tempo  errors in  a file.  You can  even use it to make 
   minor tempo shifts on overly quantized files to add a bit more humanity.    
                                                                               
   Calculated Effort In the Calculator  Mode there is no effort.  Simply enter 
   in the tempo of your beat and the new tempo you want and "voila". Same  for 
   the key, enter the  current key, then the  one you need and  it's just that 
   easy. Whatever suits your needs there's a mode that make's it easy.         
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Phase Mistress - Analog Phaser                                              
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Classic phase-shifting is a widely  diverse sound. From the Bi-Phase,  Boss 
   Super Phaser, Phase  90, to the  Moogerfooger 12 stage,  Small Stone, Trine 
   and many more. All of which were  stacked in our test room, stock room  and 
   lining the  halls. We  needed to  be sure  PhaseMistress nailed  that rich, 
   warm, silky  analog sound.  We put  in tons  of styles  to emulate  all the 
   classics and do some  things those old boxes  couldn't do, like MIDI  sync, 
   and a large preset library. We think you'll agree, PhaseMistress has got it 
   all.                                                                        
                                                                               
   Versatile and Creative                                                      
                                                                               
   With LFO, Envelope follower, Random, ADSR and our unique Rhythm Mode  we're 
   constantly amazed at all the places our users are putting PhaseMistress  to 
   work.  It's  on  guitar,  bass,  drums,  vocals  (Queen,  ELO,  Pink  Floyd 
   anybody?), even whole mixes. We've heard crushed envelope phased drums  and 
   gritty phased out radio guitar. Turns  out it's more powerful than even  we 
   thought. This is one phase you won't grow out of.                           
                                                                               
   Friendly Controls                                                           
                                                                               
   Even though  PhaseMistress is  deep, we  wanted it  to be  easy to get your 
   sound fast. Presets are great (and we included a bunch), but sometimes  you 
   just want  to experiment,  so we  made the  interface look  and feel like a 
   friendly piece of  hardware. Switch between  mod modes fast.  Easily change 
   styles and the whole  sound of the phase.  All the main controls  are right 
   there to tweak, turn and automate. Go ahead, you won't break it.            
                                                                               
   Extreme Phasing                                                             
                                                                               
   MIDI locked 4 bar sweeps, custom rhythmic patterns, freaky talk box  random 
   phase, wide stereo swirls, every phase you've ever heard all in a  straight 
   -forward interface with automation.  OK, we think we  got it all in  there. 
   But just in case, we threw in a  Tweak Menu so you could dig into the  guts 
   of Phasemistress and create your own sound or fine tune one of ours.        
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Tremolator Tremolo and Auto-Gate                                            
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Need tremolo? We got you covered. Tremolator emulates the tremolo effect of 
   classic guitar amps such as the Fender, and even the great tremolo sound of 
   the Wurlitzer electric piano. Add  dynamic control of speed and  depth that 
   lets the tremolo respond  to the music. Then  toss in MIDI sync  to lock to 
   your tempo.  Oh, yeah,  then there's  our programmable  Rhythm Editor  that 
   let's  you write  custom patterns  and turns  this amazing  tremolo into  a 
   outrageous rhythmic auto-gate. Vintage guitar effect and modern remix  tool 
   at your service.                                                            
                                                                               
   Tremolo of Old                                                              
                                                                               
   Gear  heads that  we are,  we broke  out the  test gear  and analyzed   the 
   waveforms created by some of our favorite old gear. Then we used our custom 
   LFO waveshape editor built into Tremolator to perfectly recreate them. It's 
   very interesting to look at these shapes and see why each of these  vintage 
   pieces  has  a unique  sound.  Pass that  through  our Analog  mode,  which 
   emulates going in and out of a piece of analog hardware, and you've got all 
   the pieces of a great sounding tremolo..                                    
                                                                               
   Chop Shop: Auto-Gate Mania                                                  
                                                                               
   Switch the nice smooth tremolo waveforms over to a sharp squarewave and you 
   turn this into a monster of an auto-gate. You can lock it to MIDI with  the 
   flip of a switch, then select 1/8th notes, 16th notes or whatever fits  the 
   rhythm you  need. If  straight note  pulses isn't  what you  need, use  the 
   Rhythm Editor to  write your own  cool groove (You  can even pull  a groove 
   from our  library). More?  Add some  swing or  shuffle, accents, and analog 
   mode. You can even use the  Waveshape Editor to tighten or loosen  the gate 
   time.                                                                       
                                                                               
   Get Dynamic                                                                 
                                                                               
   In the Tweak menu you'll  find the Dynamics controls. These  parameters let 
   your playing  control the  speed and/or  depth of  the modulation.  You can 
   create cool speed ups or slow downs based on how loud or soft you play. You 
   can create  smooth increases  in depth  as your  cords fade  out, or  heavy 
   tremolo that fades away. Plus there  are already some great presets in  our 
   Dynamics folder that you can "tweak" to fit your needs.                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Crystallizer - Reverse Echo Effects                                         
                                                                               
   Inspired by the Crystal Echoes  preset in the Eventide H3000,  Crystallizer 
   combines granular reverse echo slicing and retro pitch processing to create 
   a huge range of radical sonic manipulations and classics with a twist.  Use 
   it to create synth-like textures from simple acoustic guitar rhythms,  lush 
   detuned  echos,   or  completely   psychedelic  pitch-shifted   reverseecho 
   effects. Great for drums, guitar, bass, sound design, electronic music, and 
   just about  anything else  - Crystallizer  is a  truly unique  and creative 
   effects processor.                                                          
                                                                               
   Crystal Method                                                              
                                                                               
   If you listened  to the radio  in the late  80s, you've heard  the original 
   Crystal  Echoes effect.  It's sound  was absolutely  unmistakable, and  was 
   often used on an intro or at the  end of a song to create a synth-like  pad 
   from simple guitar chords. With our new Crystallizer algorithm, we couldn't 
   help but add a few improvements.  Like MIDI sync. Yep, midi sync'd  reverse 
   delays. Now that's cool. How  about a built-in Gate/Duck control,  and high 
   -cut and  low-cut filters  to help  tame this  sometimes unruly  effect. Of 
   course, automation  is also  supported. It's  a classic  sound with  modern 
   control.                                                                    
                                                                               
   Retro Shifter                                                               
                                                                               
   Old  school pitch-shifting  just like,  uh, the  old school.  Modern  pitch 
   -shifters use sophisticated mathematical algorithms to transform music  and 
   vocals as naturally  as possible (like  our PurePitch and  SPEED products). 
   The original old school  devices (like Eventide's classic  H910 Harmonizer) 
   used a resample and cross-fade technique that introduced audible 'glitches' 
   in the  pitch-shifted audio.  Glitch is  good. Well,  in this  case it  is. 
   That's a big part of the sound. A sound we've all heard countless times, on 
   tons of hit songs. So dig into the past and enjoy the true retro sound.     
                                                                               
   What's on the Menu?                                                         
                                                                               
   The best place  to start with  this creature is  in the preset  menu. We've 
   served up a  wide range of  flavors from subtle  to over-the-top. We  stuck 
   them in categories  to make your  selection easier, but  you don't have  to 
   listen to us. Experiment. Listen. If one preset is way off, the next may be 
   the  one that  hits the  spot. It  really is  that diverse.  Don't let  the 
   outrageous stuff fool you into  missing the subtly different. There's  gold 
   in them there hills.                                                        
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Decapitator - Analog Saturation Modeler                                     
                                                                               
                                                                               
   Analog saturation has long been the magic mojo that engineers have used  as 
   their swiss army knife of mixing. It's used on drums, bass, vocals guitars, 
   everything. It can be  used to beef things  up, thin things out,  give them 
   some edge, fry them up  nice, add a bit of  warmth, pull things out of  the 
   mix, or even create a signature sound. Subtle to extreme, analog saturation 
   is the golden child of great mixes. That's why we took our time, bought and 
   listened to all the great  analog classics, and painstakingly created  that 
   magic for you in Decapitator.                                               
                                                                               
   Analog Feel                                                                 
                                                                               
   Decapitator is more than just an emulation of the analog sound. It has  the 
   analog  feel.  You can  hear  the subtle  changes  reacting to  the  track, 
   following the dynamics of the instrument. That's what analog is all  about. 
   Not a static snapshot (no convolution here) but a changing responsive model 
   of all  those tubes  and wires  (and careful  notes), and  transistors. The 
   sound of real gear, but with the flexibility of software. Our modeled  tone 
   control lets you shape and contour,  and our mix control lets you  mix back 
   in the dry signal  without the need for  routing and submixes. The  best of 
   both worlds.                                                                
                                                                               
   The Models                                                                  
                                                                               
   In  our  lab  we  gathered  so  much  cool  analog  gear.  From  preamps to 
   compressors. From tape machines to EQ's. Vintage gear and modern gear.  All 
   of it so we could listen to how the sound changed and moved and created its 
   special vibe.  We picked  some of  the models  that had  the most  distinct 
   sounds, the models that had a flavor both subtle and extreme, and made them 
   instantly  accessible  on  the  front  panel.  Those  5  buttons  represent 
   thousands of dollars worth of great analog gear from Neve, EMI, Ampex,  and 
   classic tube gear. By adding  analog modeled tone control we  increased the 
   sonic  possibilities  far beyond  many  of the  originals  and give  you  a 
   remarkably flexible "analog" palette to create with.                        
                                                                               
   Bad Boy                                                                     
                                                                               
   Because we know that audio is not always nice, we've included a  convenient 
   way to make sure it's not nice. Our "Punish" button kicks in another  chuck 
   of gain  to push  it over  the edge.  This tool  let's you  drive hard  and 
   responds just  like its  analog counterpart.  It screams  in pain. Not your 
   standard stomp-box distortion, Decapitator gives you those unique qualities 
   that only come from driving high end studio gear. Listen to how each  model 
   has its own sound of beautiful  agony when you hit the "Punish"  button and 
   crank it up.                                                                


                  ÜÜ                                   Ü     Ü
                  ÜÜ ßßßßßßÛÜ ÜÛßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛÜ Û²    Û²
                  Û² Û²    Û² ßßßßßÛ±   Û²   ²ÛßßßßÛ² Û±    Û±
 ßß ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß    ßßßßßßßßß    Û±   ßß    ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ßß
                                        ß
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                    ßßßßßßÛÜ ÜÛßßßßÛÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ÜÛßßßßßß
                    Û²    Û² Û±    Û±    Û²   ²Ûßßßß  ßßßßßÛ²
 ßß ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß    ßßßßßßßßßß     Û±   ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ßß
                                         ß           nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2010  


                          
                  As extra we added the latest pre-version of the 
                  upcoming Decapitator plugin and we included all 
                    available preset expanders into our release    

			   			



            In case the Plugins don't show up in your VSTPlugins list
                                                         
                 Google for Microsoft's free Visual C++ Runtimes:    
                                                         
                                vcredist 2005 sp1                     
                                                         
                                      and                             
                                                         
                                vcredist 2008 sp1                      
                                                         
                                                         
              Install these runtimes, reboot and rescan your plugs  
