Mory Kante - Sabou
2004

There are certain albums that should be out here in the open. This album is wanting to be heard. Actually, this album wants to throw a party. Give it some help and have fun ;) 

Kudos to original releaser.

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

The Kante family is a famous family of "griots"; the griot is a kind of poet, singer, historian and journalist wrapped into one, a purveyor of living history whose role from time immemorial has been to tell the endless stories of families and native peoples through music. Both of Mory's parents were griots, an inherited trade, and his mother's father was a powerful chief griot with a tribe of about 60 members. The child's destiny was naturally to become a "jali", that's Mandingo for "griot".

...

In 1971, the 21 year old Mory was discovered by saxophone player Tidiane Kone, who asked him to join his band, the Rail Band of Bamako, a famous orchestra at the station hotel. Mory accepted and joined this orchestra whose singer was none other than the Malian, Salif Keita.

...

When Keita left the band in 1973, Mory Kante replaced him on lead vocals. Initially reticent, he soon took a liking to this new role. The group toured through West Africa where Mory soon became well known. In 1976, he received the "Golden voice" award in Nigeria. At the same time, he learned to play the kora and transgressed the tradition which says that the balafon should be his family's instrument of honor. Before long he became a virtuoso on this 21-string harp. He also used his talents as composer to write music for choirs and ballets. Finally, he recorded "the Exile of Soundiatta, the founder of the Mandingo Empire" with the Rail Band, a long journey in the purest griot tradition. In 1977, he undertook a personal tour of the empire's great historical sites where he met several masters of the tradition to perfect his role as griot. In spite of the modern variations he imposed on the musical tradition, Mory Kante never cast aside his family legacy.

...

In 2004, the "electric griot" locked himself away in the studio for weeks on end, preparing a new album that took the music world completely by surprise. Going back to his roots, Kantй recorded a totally acoustic album entitled "Sabou" ("The Cause"). The album, which mixed the experience he'd gained in his international career - and the release of several Afro-pop albums - with Mandingo tradition, featured a dozen musicians and backing singers. Kante's new album won rave reviews from the critics and enjoyed great success with the public, revealing as it did a totally different side to his work. 

Mory Kante went on to create an acoustic show based on his new album. His next tour introduced international audiences to a wide range of traditional instruments including the balafon, the bolon, the daro, the fe doun doun, the doun doumba, the flute, the n'goni, the djembe, the tama. These accompanied Kante's famous kora and did much to promote traditional Mandingo melodies from West Africa worldwide.
-- rfimusique.com


Track List
01 - Nafiya
02 - Djou
03 - Mama
04 - Diananko
05 - Sabou
06 - Kenkan
07 - Moko
08 - Loniya
09 - Desole

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org