hexagon.cc
   http://lossless-audiophiles-anonymous.hexagon.cc/

Sweeney Todd - The Demon Barber Of Fleet Street (1979 Original Broadway Cast) (1990) [FLAC]

Audio CD (October 25, 1990)
Number of Discs: 2
Format: Cast Recording
Label: RCA
Genre: Vocal, Musical, Opera, Classical
Quality: FLAC 
http://www.amazon.com/Sweeney-Barber-Street-Original-Broadway/dp/samples/B000002W4L/ref=dp_tracks_all_1#disc_1


This review is by Crosley

Stephen Sondheim is my favorite composer and lyricist, and he is incredibly good at both. Sweeney Todd is the best of his works, and 50 years from now, Sondheim will be the Mozart to Andrew Lloyd Webber's Salieri. Once day, the muddled masses will lose the perception that show tunes have to be repetitive enough to get stuck in your head and trivially escapist, and will recognize Sondheim and his phenomenal talent for what it is: genius.

What makes Sweeney so good is the sheer complexity of the score, plot, characters, and message. The show, on one level, is about murder and cannibalism. Deeper, it's about vengeance. Still deeper, it's about the breakdown of an ordered society. Even deeper than that, it's about the nature of good, evil, justice, the terrible dark side to the Industrial Revolution, and the corruption of innocence. The show's wealth of topics and moral questions is infinite, and I personally have had many a debate with myself and others about this show and the questions proposed. Told in such an unconventional, uncompromising, and graphic manner, the messages are that much more powerful.

Disc: 1 	
1. Prelude 	
2. No Place Like London 	
3. The Barber and His Wife 	
4. The Worst Pies in London 	
5. Poor Thing 	
6. My Friends 	
7. The Ballad of Sweeney Todd: Lift your razor high, Sweeney!... 	
8. Green Finch and Linnet Bird 	
9. Ah, Miss 	
10. Johanna 	
11. Pirelli's Miracle Elixir 	
12. The Contest 	
13. The Ballad of Sweeney Todd: Sweeney pondered and Sweeney planned 	
14. Wait 	
15. The Ballad of Sweeney Todd: His hands were quick, his fingers strong... 	
16. Johanna 	
17. Kiss Me 	
18. Ladies in Their Sensitivities 	
19. Pretty Women 	
20. Epiphany 	
21. A Little 

Disc: 2 	
1. God, That's Good 	
2. Johanna 	
3. By the Sea 	
4. Wigmaker Sequence 	
5. Not While I'm Around 	
6. Parlor Songs 	
7. Final Sequence 	
8. The Ballad of Sweeney Todd 	