Placebo are an alternative rock band formed in London in 1994, currently consisting of Brian Molko, Stefan Olsdal and Steve Forrest. To date, they have released six studio albums, six EPs and twenty-seven singles. The band have gained a considerable amount of international recognition, and have sold over one million albums in the UK[1] and over ten million worldwide.

Thus far, Placebo are best known for hit songs such as "Nancy Boy", "Pure Morning", "Every You Every Me", "Infra-Red", a cover of the Kate Bush's "Running Up That Hill", and For What It's Worth. Their style has varied greatly. The band's first album featured a raw sound and a fairly minimalistic instrumental lineup, but proceeding ones have had a slower, more melancholy, tone and they started experimenting with synthesisers and other, less traditional, modes of sound production (particularly after Black Market Music).

The band have gained some measure of notoriety for the sexualities of its members (Olsdal is gay and Molko is bisexual) as well as for their excessive lifestyles and Molko's androgynous image, which are often referred to in their songs (see Style and Songwriting). In recent years, however, the band have become less sexually charged.

Live in Mexico City 2009.



.ooOO ROSA MANNEN 2010 OOoo.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/RosaMannen	