[img=http://www.freerangehumans.net/graphics/Lvl2_VIDEOS.jpg]

Rusty Nelson on A Closer Look with Michael Corbin (4-12-05).mp3
- http://www.freerangehumans.net/labels/Rusty%20Nelson.html

In April of 2005, I was blissfully unaware of any details about the Franklin Cover-up, other than what I vaguely recalled from press reports back in the '80s. Something about day care centers and a credit union. Not much.

Then, I received an email from a newsgroup, which linked to a new interview by Michael Corbin. I waded through the full three-hour interview, and my jaw dropped to the floor. This information, I knew, was IMPORTANT. But few people would sit through three hours. So, I spent an entire weekend capturing the audio and editing it down to 35 minutes.

While trying to upload the audio files to my server, I kept getting disconnected. I went back @ 3:00 am and it finally uploaded with no problem.

The INSTANT I posted an article on my blog linking to the audio files, those audio files received OVER THIRTEEN THOUSAND HITS WITHIN A FEW SECONDS. I sank back in my chair. What just HIT me?

I called my Qwest DSL tech, and asked if I just experienced a denial-of-service attack. He emphatically stated "NO. The ONLY explanation for the activity I see is some sort of government wiretap." He transferred me to someone who confirmed "trouble" on my DSL phone line. Then I got the Blue Screen of Death, and ALL THREE of my networked computers were wiped out. The original audio of Corbin's interview was irretrievably lost. Was that the objective? Corbin is now dead, under circumstances shrouded by unanswered questions. And judging by the attempts by many people to obtain a copy, his original 3-hour interview is apparently lost to the world.


---------------------------------------


Ted Gunderson - Investigations - Russell Nelson.PDF
- http://web.archive.org/web/20071204033856/tedgunderson.com/Investigations/Russell+Nelson.htm

(Evidence of corruption linking the FBI, CIA, some top political figures, the Franklin case, missing children, including kidnap-victim Johnny Gosch, satanic abuse, CIA MK-Ultra Mind Control, Iran-Contra, and new arrests of possible American terrorists in Mexico)

SYNOPSIS

Russell (Rusty) Nelson: Russell Nelson, central figure in the Franklin Credit Union scandal (1989 to present), possesses evidence, including photographs, that implicates prominent law enforcement and political figures, including two past U.S. presidents, in crimes of child abuse, pornography, kidnapping (e.g., missing-child Johnny Gosch), drug smuggling, money laundering, illegal campaign financing, and illegal activities by the FBI and CIA. There also appears to be ties to Iran-Contra. Since 1989, much of the evidence has been confiscated from Rusty Nelson. Some of the evidence remains hidden. In May, 2000, Nelson was taken into custody for a parole violation in Nebraska and is to be extradited to Oregon, away from the watchful eyes of his attorney, family, and friends. Ted Gunderson (this writer and investigator of the Franklin cover-up, see resume in reference list) and Nelson's attorney, John De Camp (Author of 'The Franklin Cover-Up') believe Nelson's life is in danger. This report is in an effort to prevent his being "suicided," or otherwise suspiciously killed.

RUSTY NELSON AND THE FRANKLIN CREDIT UNION SCANDAL

On December 31, 1968, Franklin Credit Union was founded in a minority neighborhood in Omaha, Nebraska. The primary purpose was to provide loans to minorities. In August, 1970, Lawrence E. "Larry" King, Jr., (a black man, not the television talk show host) and fast-rising "star" in the Republican party, became manager and principle executive. Larry King was indicted by a Federal grand jury on May 19, 1989, and later tried and convicted of fraud and income tax evasion directly related to the Franklin Credit Union matter. He remains incarcerated in federal prison.

FBI- IRS RAID

On November 4, 1988, the Franklin Credit Union was raided and closed by the FBI and the IRS. Thirty-nine million dollars was missing. Shortly thereafter, reports began to circulate concerning pornography, video tapes, and photographs which had been confiscated from the Franklin Credit Union by the FBI. Then, in a trickle - which soon grew to a flood - other allegations began to arise. These allegations involved drugs, sexual misconduct, child abuse, pornography, even Satanic activity. The names of prominent individuals in the Omaha community began to surface as those involved in these criminal activities.

GRAND JURY THROWS OUT CHARGES

On January 10, 1989, the Nebraska State legislature constituted a special committee to look into the allegations with State Senator Loran Schmit as Chairman. On January 30, 1990, Nebraska State Attorney General, Robert Spire, called for a grand jury to investigate allegations. February 6, 1990, former County District Judge Samuel Van Pelt was appointed a special prosecutor for the Douglas County Grand Jury, which convened on March 12, 1990. On July 23, 1990, after hearing many hours of testimony, the grand jury issued an unusual and unprecedented report throwing out all of the allegations concerning sexual child abuse and labeling the charges a "carefully crafted hoax."

VICTIM/WITNESSES NAME PROMINENT CITIZENS AS PERPETRATORS

Eighty children initially came forward as a result of newspaper publicity of the raid and subsequent stories in the local news. These children identified some of the most prominent citizens in the Omaha area as involved, including then Omaha Chief of Police, Bob Wadman; former Omaha World Herald newspaper publisher, Harold Andersen; former Omaha vice squad officer and later head of the Nebraska Forestry Service (he has a park named after him), Eugene Mahoney; former Omaha World Herald entertainment columnist, Peter Citron; Knights of k-Sar-Ben, Financier, Alan Baer; and Omaha County Judge, Theodore Carlson. The children who came forward reported, among other things, Satanic ceremonies of human and animal sacrifice.

WITNESS RUSSELL (RUSTY) NELSON ATTEMPTS TO PRESERVE EVIDENCE

Rusty Nelson's testimony is consistent with that of Paul Bonacci. While testifying in U.S. District Court, Omaha, Nebraska, on February 5, 1999, Rusty Nelson stated that as a private photographer for Larry King, his duties included taking photographs surreptitiously of specific people. In his testimony, John De Camp asked Rusty Nelson, "Who was at these parties?" Nelson replied:

    "Politicians, dignitaries, wealthy business people. Young people. Larry, as far as I could gather, I left when I stared putting the pieces together, you know, realizing there were two sets of books. There were very, various discrepancies in the credit union. And the fact that he obviously was into pimping gay prostitutes and children too, basically for influence purposes. Whether it be politicians or whatever. "He had extreme pull in the National Republican convention. There was one day where we were on a plane and he had a problem, and he couldn't get Wadman [then Omaha Chief of Police]. Couldn't get anybody here to work it out. He placed a call directly to Ronald Reagan."

Nelson testified that he not only took pictures for King, but surreptitiously took many photographs of King with other adults and young people involved and retained them for himself. Rusty Nelson testified that he also secretly took and retained other incriminating documents, including audio-tapes, computer discs, and paper copies of documents including ledgers, without King's knowledge. He testified that he often mailed these back to his home, again surreptitiously.

Rusty Nelson's testimony explains his attempts to keep these documents in his possession for the years since in order to protect his own life. Some of the photographs of Larry King taken by Rusty Nelson were shown during his testimony on February 5, 1999. Rusty Nelson testified that Larry King "flat out told me" that he had "taken care of" killing a man named Charlie Rogers and made it to look like a suicide; "This was another deal I believe through Wadman [then Omaha Chief of Police]." Nelson testified to one direct threat on his life by Larry King, and in the ensuing years, many threats conveyed with symbols (such as a burning acorn) that Larry King used to imply, "Drop it, or you're going to get burned." Nelson testified on February 5, 1999, that twice these symbolic messages were quickly followed by his being shot at. His most recent statement made in writing on June 22, 2000, from jail (see excerpts of statement below) states that this has now happened three times.

In direct relation to the documents Rusty Nelson has attempted to retain for his own protection, he testified to the following:

"Q. [John De Camp] Did you have an opportunity to have any other pictures that were not seized by the patrol [referring to the Oregon State Patrol where the pictures were seized]?
"A. [Nelson] Oh, yes.
"Q. Where are they?
"A. Some were given to the FBI, some were given to Gary Caradori [investigator for the Nebraska State Legislature], that's basically what I had given him, what made him decide he had enough to –
"Q. Where did you give them to him? Did you meet him personally?
"A. Yes.
"Q. Where did you meet him?
"A. Actually, there were a couple of different occasions. I'd given him a little bit prior to July. Location I can't remember exactly where I gave those to him.
"Q. Was it here?
"A. It was in Nebraska.
"Q. Did you give anything to him outside of Nebraska?
"A. Shortly after the 4th of July [1990] I believe it was the day he was
killed [July 11, 1990].
"Q. Where were you then?
"A. Out[side] of Chicago.
"Q. What did you give him?
"A. A lot of pictures. Some computer discs, paperwork, a wide variety of everything.
"Q. You're telling us under oath that you met and gave materials to Gary Caradori in Chicago that did what?
"A. Well, it would have, if it would have got here, probably blew everything wide open. Instead he's now dead along with his son.
"Q. Do you remember what the pictures were?”
A. Various people at parties of Larry King's. Some things they'd done, the drugs, stuff like that - things they could possibly use to incriminate somebody or blackmail someone."

Rusty Nelson's existence was effectively denied before the Legislative Committee by various witnesses, investigator for the State, and others. When John De Camp asked Rusty Nelson about this, he explained that he was told by FBI agents to disappear; "I believe they were the ones that were also involved in this case." He said that some of his supporting documents were taken from him by "supposedly FBI agents." Rusty Nelson also stated that, based on his close affiliation with Larry King, he believed King "had some association with the Contra ordeal through Michael Aquino, head of the 'Temple of Set'" (See Nelson's statement below).

GARY CARADORI , KEY INVESTIGATOR OF FRANKLIN, DIES IN PLANE CRASH

The evening of July 11, 1990, Gary Caradori, the investigator for the Nebraska State Legislature, Special Committee, called Senator Loran Schmit, Chairman of the Committee, from Chicago and told him he had the "smoking gun." Caradori told Senator Schmit he would fly that night from Chicago on his private plane with his son en route to Lincoln, Nebraska, with the evidence. The plane exploded in mid-air a short time later while flying over Aurora, Illinois killing Caradori and his 8-year-old son.

Officials claimed the plane disintegrated in mid-air. They denied an explosion took place. De Camp writes in his book, The Franklin Cover-Up:

    "A farmer reported he saw a flash of light, heard an explosion, and saw the plane plunge to the ground. The eyewitness account of the flash of light and the explosion was on the early edition of television news in Nebraska, but was pulled from subsequent reports which said that the plane exploded on impact" (p. 2-3).

Bob Wadman, former Chief of Police of Omaha, and a perpetrator identified by the children was Chief of Police in Aurora at the time. Caradori's briefcase and the rear seat to the plane have never been found. Ted Gunderson suspects his briefcase contained the evidence mentioned the previous night to Senator Schmit, probably the incriminating materials, including photographs, provided by Rusty Nelson to Caradori (See Rusty Nelson statement below). The rear seat was not found, Gunderson suspects, to avoid evidence of a bomb.

The wreckage of the plane was examined on a military base rather than at a location under the control of civilian personnel. Under the Federal Delimitation Agreement, civilian personnel matters are handled by civilians and military matters are handled by the military. The crash was ruled an "accident" by government officials and not an act of sabotage.

Both Gunderson and Noreen Gosch, mother of missing-child Johnny Gosch, later learned that Caradori had in his possession evidence that her son was a victim of the Franklin Satanic cult/sex/drug ring. Paul Bonacci and Rusty Nelson have both provided detailed testimony attesting to this.

