OK Gang to get round the problem of no internet till March 2010 I have rented a virtual PC (See Zazeen on the Pirate Bay) and now have 20 mps T1 connection so same upload to download speeds, so I have joined this swarm and will seed at your maximum download speeds given half a chance.   You will have to stop all your othert torrents to enjoy the speed I can give you!


THIS IS A DHT Torrent.  PLEASE DO NOT add public trackers to this torrent.  Hello it does not need them.   The Pirate Bay Tracker is DEAD, Don't use it any more.   DONT USE ANY PUBLIC TRACKER for soon they will all be DEAD.

If you do not know what DHT is or how it affects the future of file share then learn all about it NOW and start using it before one more major tracking site is forced off the net.

You can download this DHT in your Browser as before, YOU DO NOT HAVE TO USE THE MAGNET LINK if you don't want to.   YOU WILL BECOME a TRACKER as well once you enter this swarm and download this.   You will remain a tracker as long as you seed this.   EVERYONE is now a tracker and central servers are no longer needed.  OK ?  However IF you do not use the magnet link The Pirate Bay still adds there now defunctional trackers as well as the Open Bitorrent ones which are still working.   I would prefer we all use the magnet links, but until all public trackers are history, feel free to use both.   I would ask however when you seed a new torrent that you DO NOT use an external tracker but try your clients built in DHT or PEX instead.   IT WORKS!

This swarm is living proof as it started as a trackerless torrent!

Merry Christmas everyone, here is the latest from Promo Only Canada all split into music tracks and tagged good to go.  Just import this lot into your Video VJ or DJ software and enjoy, or you can play them in the media player of your choice.   I can only seed for 48 hours but by using DHT everyone in the swarm will help out as soon as they reach 100% and a second local seed will take over if you don't get it all by the time my internet will be cut off.

SOURCE Promo Only DVD9 split using cell ID and DVD Decrypter
VOB or mpeg2 file format tagged using industry standards
320kps Stereo Audio
mixed screen ratio sigh..

The Pirate Bay trackers are now history
Demonoid trackers are not working
Mininova trackers only work on non copyrighted material
are you seeing a trend here.   DO NOT USE PUBLIC TRACKERS> Don't use any tracker.  You have DHT.   NOW IS THE TIME TO START USING IT...