Rumpole and the Primrose Path - John Mortimer - BBC Radio Drama


This release comprises four 45 minute BBC Radio 4 plays adapted by John Mortimer from four stories in his collection, "Rumpole and the Primrose Path". Rumpole is a wine-imbibing friend of the South London criminal classes, and the scourge of all QCs. Acting as narrator, he tells a series of stories involving legal chicanery, criminal derring-do and startling coincidence, spiced with a modicum of domestic strife at home.

Four episodes of approx 45 minutes each.



Episode 1 - Rumpole And The Primrose Path:
Rumpole exposes criminal practices at the nursing home where he has been sent to recuperate after a heart attack, which has left him in dire need of claret, cheroots and good company!.

Episode 2 - Rumpole And The Scales Of Justice:
When Rumpole is called upon to defend a senior member of the police force in court, his relish for the tragedy of Shakespeare's Othello, and his old acquaintances among the south London criminal fraternity prove very useful, and help him balance the scales of justice in favour of the of the maligned defence barrister.

Episode 3 - Rumpole And The Vanishing Juror:
Rumpole's admiration for the integrity of the Old Bailey jury is legendary, but in this story he encounters a juror in a murder trial who has a very personal and very dramatic agenda.

Episode 4 - Rumpole Redeemed:
John Mortimer's legal eagle solves the conundrum of an ex con who seems to have been redeemed, and one who evidently hasn't, and also seeks redemption for his own sins of omission at the Lysander health club! In passing, he also bestows redemption on several of his associates who, in various preposterous ways, are in dire need of it!.



Directed By Marilyn Imrie

With:
Horace Rumpole....Timothy West
Hilda....Prunella Scales
Claude Erskine-Brown....Nigel Anthony
Commander Bob Durden....Geoffrey Whitehead
Chris Swithin....Philip Jackson
Christine....Hetty Baynes
Dr Petrus Wakefield....John Rowe
Felicity Halliday....Ellie Beaven
Gervase Johnson....Stephen Critchlow
Hermione swithin....Felicity Montagu
Hugo Winterton....Anton Rodgers
Judge Denis Wintergreen....Karl Johnson
Justice Graves....Ian Masters
Justice Sloper....Ian Masters
Knuckles Huckersley....Ewan Bailey
Liz Probert....Elaine Claxton
Luci Gribble....Sophie Thompson
Marcia Brewster....Marlene Sidaway
Marston Dawlish....David Shaw-parker
Mr Beazley....Nicholas Le Prevost
Mr Parkin....Ewan Bailey
Mr Phelps....David Shaw-Parker
mr rankin....David Shaw-Parker
Mrs Justice Erskine-Brown....Joanna David
Neville J Skeate....David Holt
Nurse Dotty Albright....Joanna David
Samuel Ballard....Michael Cochrane
Sir Mike Smedley....Kim Durham
Sister Sheila Bradwell....Carole Boyd


Type : mpeg 1 layer III
Bitrate : 128
Mode : joint stereo
Frequency : 44100 Hz
Encoder : Lame 3.95
Size: 160 MB


Ripped from the audio torrent site radioarchive.cc - Registration is FREE!!



Enjoy and Seed!!