Judas Priest - Nostradamus - Flac - Abrasax

CDrip:
Judas Priest - Nostradamus Collection
RELEASED: 2008
LABEL: Sony /Epic
FORMAT: CD
PRODUCER: Glenn Tipton and K. K. Downing
BITRATE: Flac level 6

Tracks:
CD1:
01. Dawn Of Creation
02. Prophecy
03. Awakening
04.Revelations
05. The Four Horsemen
06. War
07. Sands Of Time
08. Pestilence And Plague
09. Death
10. Peace
11. Conquest
12. Lost Love
13. Persecution

CD2:
01. Solitude
02. Exiled
03. Alone
04. Shadows In The Flame
05. Visions
06. Hope
07. New Beginnings
08. Calm Before The Storm
09. Nostradamus
10. Future Of Mankind

Judas Priest are an English heavy metal band from Birmingham, formed in 1969. Judas Priest's core line-up consists of bass player Ian Hill, vocalist Rob Halford and guitarists Glenn Tipton and K. K. Downing; their current drummer is Scott Travis. They have been cited as an influence on many heavy metal musicians and bands. Their popularity and status as one of the definitive heavy metal bands has earned them the nickname "Metal Gods" from their song of the same name. They have sold over 35 million albums worldwide.

Nostradamus is a concept album and the band's 16th studio album to date., focusing on the 16th century prophet Nostradamus. The band's first concept album.

"This is a record that’s full emotional outbursts, soundtrack worthy pieces and music imagery. It is so hard to judge record like this. My biggest complaints are production and the theme of the album. Taking into account that this is one of my favorite bands of all time, some clever arrangements, couple of really good Goth ballads, and sheer dedication of the band to the project , I will give it a strong 4 stars. This could be truly a masterpiece if production was better and if they tackled more serious theme. Having said all that, I will bet my right arm that this record will sound phenomenal performed live  which Priest is planing for next year.
The faves include: “Pestilence and Plague”, “Persecution” “Alone”, “New Beginnings” and title track."
Review by 220Volt on rageage.com

All my uploads are ripped by me Abrasax
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Abrasax/