Title:      Being Geek
Author:     Michael Lopp
Publisher:  O'Reilly
Released:   July 2010
Pages:      336

As a software engineer, you recognize at some point that there's much more to your career than dealing with code. Is it time to become a manager? Tell your boss he’s a jerk? Join that startup? Author Michael Lopp recalls his own make-or-break moments with Silicon Valley giants such as Apple, Netscape, and Symantec in Being Geek -- an insightful and entertaining book that will help you make better career decisions.

With more than 40 standalone stories, Lopp walks through a complete job life cycle, starting with the job interview and ending with the realization that it might be time to find another gig. Many books teach you how to interview for a job or how to manage a project successfully, but only this book helps you handle the baffling circumstances you may encounter throughout your career.

Decide what you're worth with the chapter on "The Business"
Determine the nature of the miracle your CEO wants with "The Impossible"
Give effective presentations with "How Not to Throw Up"
Handle liars and people with devious agendas with "Managing Werewolves"
Realize when you should be looking for a new gig with "The Itch"
 
http://oreilly.com/catalog/9780596155414/

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I’m a geek, and I might be a nerd, but I’m not a dork.
I’ve been at these definitions long enough to see them transformed
from cruel words of judgment to badges of honor and labels of
praise, but even with dramatically better PR and social standing,
we’re still a demographic saddled with debilitating social skills,
strange control issues, and an insatiable appetite for information.
…and we don’t even have a good definition for the labels we’ve
given ourselves.

Some of the content for this book was first seen in the Rands in
Repose weblog, and many years ago I made a snap decision about
whether to embrace the word nerd or geek to describe my demographic.
I was writing a lightweight article regarding attention deficiency
disorder and I needed an acronym, because nothing dresses
up an idea like a clever acronym.

The choices were Nerd Attention Deficiency Disorder (N.A.D.D.)
or Geek Attention Deficiency Disorder (G.A.D.D.). While neither
rolls of the tongue, N.A.D.D. struck me as slightly less terrible. This
brief decision had lasting impact because, moving forward, I exclusively
used nerd in my articles.
﻿
It is a defining characteristic of the nerd or geek to seek definition.
This makes my off-the-cuff nerd naming choice an ongoing source
of annoyance for me. What is the actual definition of the nerd? And
the geek? And what about those dorks?

This annoyance became a full-blown inconvenience as I worked
with my editor on this book that is now in your hands. As titles
we debated, she came up with the elegant and precise Being Geek.
Right. Right. Dammit. That’s perfect. Problem is, I’ve never written
about geeks. I’m a nerd. Or am I?

The origins of the word don’t help. Geek originally described a circus
performer who bit the heads off live animals. Nerd has a more
honorable origin in its first documented appearance in Dr. Seuss’s
1950 book If I Ran the Zoo, where the narrator claims he would
collect “A Nerkle, a Nerd, and a Seersucker too.”

Since then, the words have blended. There are clever Venn diagrams
that describe the respective traits of nerds versus geeks. Some suggest
the geeks are more obsessive than the nerds. Others call out the
social ineptitude of the nerds, but for every definition you find,
another can be found to contradict the previous definition.

So, it’s a toss up.

The good news is the lack of a clear delineation between nerd and
geek doesn’t prevent us from tackling dork.

Dork is derogatory, there’s no doubt about it, but it does have a
place amongst the geek and nerd definition. The term geek can be
added to any number of fields, many of which have little to do with
technology. Movie geek, music geek—this describes a deep appreciation
of a thing. My belief is that the term dork is used by geeks to
position their geekery above another’s geek field. For example, I’m
a computer geek, but those movie geeks are dorks.

Make sense?

The point being, depending on where you’re standing, we’re all
dorks.

As becoming comfortable with ambiguity is one of the goals of
this book, perhaps it’s a good opening to understand there really
isn’t a clear distinction between geek and nerd. While this book is
called Being Geek, I’m likely to throw a few nerds in there for good
measure.

A couple of other conventions to be aware of before we begin:
For much of this book, my prototypical geek is a he as a convenience.
There are plenty of she geeks out there for which the observations
of this book equally apply.

The narrator throughout this book is Rands. This is a pseudonym
I’ve been using for over a decade. The comfortable anonymity of
Rands provides a professional distance from the topics I cover.
Similarly, just about every proper name and situation described in
this book is fake. They’ve been deliberately constructed in order to
tell a tale.

And that tale starts now.