After ripping a physical copy of the Lamentations 2CD version included in the Opeth Box Set, I realized that that specific mastering was garbage (tracks were cut short in between, constant hum, etc), and wanted a better rip of this great live album.

Ripped straight from the DVD Image located elsewhere on Demonoid. Used DVDDecrypter to individually rip and demux each song, then BeSweet to transcode the AC3 audio into Ogg Vorbis, quality 6 (192kbps). I decided to use Ogg, since the original audio track off of the DVD is AC3 anyway. Converting from lossy AC3 to FLAC is just stupid.

All tracks tagged correctly, along with embedded album art. Gapless playback.

You'll notice that the track-lengths for "Weakness" and "Master's Apprentices" don't match up with Wikipedia's list. I split the tracks such that "Master's Apprentices" had the intro for the second set, as opposed to Weakness (makes more logical sense, and that was how my old, MP3 download of this album was). On the DVD, it was split into two cells within a chapter.

Also have the rest of Opeth's discography in FLAC ripped from each CD, without the errors as found in the other torrents on Demonoid (for instance, on the track "Nectar" off of Morningrise). If there's enough demand I'll upload them all.





Quote:

Lamentations is Opeth's first live DVD, released under the Music For Nations label in 2004. This live recording at Shepherd's Bush Empire on Thursday 25 September, 2003 features Opeth playing the album Damnation in its entirety, followed by some of the band's songs from Blackwater Park and Deliverance. The DVD also includes a documentary on both the making of Damnation and Deliverance, which has a running time of approximately 65 minutes. The documentary covers both albums because they were recorded at the same time. A CD version of the live recording was released in 2006 in a collector's edition slipcase.

The only song that was played from albums prior to Blackwater Park was "Demon of the Fall" (from the album My Arms, Your Hearse) as an encore song. This song was not filmed for the DVD.[1] Licensing issues with previous record labels prevented this from happening at the time of the disc's release. Given that the band now has the backing of a larger record label, Roadrunner Records, they have the ability to negotiate the inclusion of some of their older songs on future DVD releases (such as The Roundhouse Tapes).

The recording is generally regarded as having exceptionally clear and beautiful sound and visual quality, although Allmusic reviewer John Serba complained of the ubiquity of shots from what he termed the "Åkerfeldt Orifice Cam", showing close-ups of the singer's mouth and nose in excruciating detail.[2]


Tracklist
1. "Introduction" – 1:25
2. "Windowpane" – 9:15
3. "In My Time of Need" – 6:37
4. "Death Whispered a Lullaby" – 7:11
5. "Closure" – 9:45
6. "Hope Leaves" – 6:11
7. "To Rid the Disease" – 7:11
8. "Ending Credits" – 4:22
9. "Harvest" – 6:15
10. "Weakness" – 6:05
11. "Master's Apprentices" – 10:34
12. "The Drapery Falls" – 10:56
13. "Deliverance" – 12:38
14. "The Leper Affinity" – 11:01
15. "A Fair Judgement" – 13:51