Robby Info:

Cinematix (2000)
Legendary guitarist from the Doors delivers a solo effort of rock/jazz fusion 
tunes. Featuring guest artists, Billy Cobham, Edgar Winter and more. Highlights 
include the single 'War Toad' (Peace Frog Remix) with Jim Morrison on vocals.
Cinematix is a mostly jazz/rock fusion album recorded by Robby Krieger and 
various musicians in his orbit, with most songs written or co-written by the 
ex-Doors' guitarist. A bonus track is a remix of The Doors' 
classic "Peace Frog," called "War Toad" (ha ha)--Jim Morrison's echoing vocals 
make an appearance, and not surprisingly, this song, with its instrumental 
supplements, is the highlight. Otherwise, with the exception of a series of 
very ephemeral odd wailing sounds in the background of "Out of the Mood" 
(which also has other eccentric sound effects), this CD is entirely instrumental.
For the most part, it is stream-of-consciousness heavy guitar and bass lines and 
percussion, more often with a jamming rather than a structured feel. However,
there are occasional keyboards and sax, and when synthesizers are used they are
used well, as in Robby's atmospheric "Haunted Spouse," in which his synth sweeps
and rich, varied guitar lines conjure up a mystical backdrop. The best track 
("War Toad" excluded) is "Idolatry," in which organ and sax combine with 
Robby's melodic guitar lines to dish out the comfort of conventional modern
jazz--yes, I like this better than fusion. "Brandino" blends funk with fusion.
At times Cinematix can be boring, such as in parts of the meandering, often 
choppy and sparse 14:32 "Skip/Missionary Jam." However, the musical 
worksmanship is always good, and Cinematix is nice to put on when you are 
in the mood for that wall of sound that is unique to fusion.

No Habla (1990)
Listening to "You're Lost Little Girl," the finale here, makes me recall 
hearing Robby Krieger play it in a Manhattan club in the 1990s. I was 
impressed by his ability to put such a modern, distinctive touch on his 
Doors classic, with dexterous slides and soloing. Even as Robby's playing 
was pretty, his guitar had an edge that set him apart from Doors 
sound-alike guitarists. It resembled what you hear on this 1989 CD more 
than the excellent but sparse version of "Strange Days." On "No Habla" 
the sound is heavier and wailing, more melodramatic; the percussion 
injects chimes, and there appear to be two sets of keyboards. Arthur 
Barrow's bass is excellent, and Robby does a great final solo. Imagine 
if a certain deceased lead singer were around to croon this haunting 
classic.... But "No Habla means "no speak" in Spanish; all the songs 
are instrumentals. The other Doors entry, the cool opener "Wild Child," 
has Robby's slides sandwiched around a jazz/rock interlude. Jim Morrison
composed this one and inspired the wicked rhythm, and it will always 
be one of my favorites. The cover songs on "No Habla" give the listener 
an earful of Robby's eclecticism, most notably jazz. Future Robby 
Krieger Organization member Skip Vanwinkle (he performed with Robby 
that night) makes his only appearance playing keyboards on Ike Turner's 
"It's Gonna Work Out Fine," but his sound is overshadowed by the funky 
grooves. "I Want You, I Need You, I Love You" is a stylish rework of 
the big Elvis hit. Of the remaining five songs, three are Robby 
originals: "Piggy's Song" and "Eagle's Song," with jazzy overtones, 
and the eccentric "Love It or Leave It," with a varying stream of sound 
surrounding a reggae beat. Robby powers, slithers, and slides all over 
this CD, and he gets solid help from his entourage of supporting 
musicians. "No Habla" is a work of lively rhythm, sweeping sounds, 
and an electric aura: You will find no canned music.

The Butts Band (Here and Now 1975 & The Complete Recordings 1996)
The Butts Band came about as a consequence of trying to find a replacement 
for Jim. The lads were in London in 1973 looking for a new lead singer for
The Doors and had auditioned several Brit singers including Howard Werth 
(the singer with Audience), Kevin Coyne (from Siren) and Jess Roden (who 
was the leader of Bronco). Howard Werth even rehearsing with the band 
for a week with a view to stepping into Jim's shoes (Audience and Siren 
were both signed to Elektra in the US as parts of distribution deals with
thier own labels here Charisma and Dandelion Jac Holzman favoured Howard 
as he had at one stage forseen Audience taking over The Doors spot on 
Elektra but the band (Audience) had fallen apart and he now saw Howard 
and The Doors merging as the new Doors) but Ray shied off and went back 
to LA effectively finishing The Doors as a band forever but John and Robby 
hung about in London and began looking for a new project.
Linking up with Jess, Phil Chen and Roy Davies (of legendary Gonzalez fame 
who died in 1986 sadly) to form the Butts Band. Thier debut was anything 
but a 'bunch of losers desperate for a gig' as they produced one of the 
unsung albums of the early 70s. Jess had been a popular vocalist with 
Bronco (which also featured Robert Plant side-man Robby Blunt on guitar) 
and his vocal talents would have graced the Doors in 1973 and did a fine 
job for the half of the band that remained. Backed up by the 'mysterious' 
Chen (nobody even knows where HE was born) and the funky Davies their 
debut was a delight with some excellent Krieger gems as well as the song 
of the album written by Roden 'Sweet Danger'!

This is all I could find on Robby. It is not complete. Zipped to save space.

Enjoy. Seed.

-Jugz