Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Good Old War is an indie band from Philadelphia, PA featuring former members of Days Away.

Good Old War is made up of Keith Goodwin, Daniel Schwartz, and Tim Arnold. The band's name comes from the last names of the three members; Goodwin for Good, Arnold for Old, and Schwartz for War. The band was started after Days Away (former band of Keith and Tim) went on hiatus; Schwartz previously played in Unlikely Cowboy. They recorded some demos for free in a late night session at a recording studio. They have played with Anthony Green on a short stint of dates along the east coast and also at the South by Southwest (SXSW) festival in Texas, as Anthony’s backing band. They are currently on Sargent House, a label which also serves as a management company whose roster includes: RX Bandits, Omar Rodríguez-López, These Arms Are Snakes, Maps & Atlases, Daughters, Love You Moon, Red Sparowes, Tera Melos and Russian Circles. The band recorded their debut album in May 2008 in Los Angeles, with producer Rick Parker who also produced the final EP from Days Away entitled Ear Candy for the Headphone Trippers. Good Old War recorded Anthony Green's album Avalon with him as his band, and will be performing as his band in addition to playing direct support as Good Old War, with Person L (a project featuring Kenny Vasoli of The Starting Line) for a nationwide headlining tour that begins August 6 through September 14, 2008. Anthony Green makes a guest vocal appearance on the track "Weak Man", along with Dave Davison from the band Maps & Atlases who plays a guest guitar solo, also on "Weak Man". They released their self-titled sophomore album on June 1, 2010, which peaked at #150 on the Billboard 200. On April 22 they released "My Own Sinking Ship", the first single off of their new album made available for free download.

    * The story behind how band got the name Good Old War was detailed in a Myspace blog post.

    -So we started out just calling this project Keith Dan & Tim - KDT for short. Then we picked the name Castles - but a bunch of other bands are called Castles and when we asked people what names they liked a lot of people just said KDT representing our three first names. Well we took our three last names but figured if we called it Goodwin, Arnold & Schwartz we sound like a law firm - so we took pieces of each and hence our new name is born: GOOD OLD WAR.
    which pretty much also represents our feeling about the struggle in making music so we are throwing our hats into the GOOD OLD WAR again and can only hope people will enjoy the music we make.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/