Jimmy Page & The Black The Greek (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs2 / 26 files 

Category  Rock, Rock/Pop, Live Performances, Enhanced CD, Hard Rock 
Label  TVT 
Orig Year  2000 
All Time Sales Rank    8148   
CD Universe Part number  1018926 
Catalog number  2140 
Discs  2 
Release Date  Jul 04, 2000 
Studio/Live  Live 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Kevin Shirley 
Personnel  Jimmy Page - guitar
Jimmy Page - guitar
Steve Gorman - drums
Sven Pipien - bass
Chris Robinson - vocals
Rich Robinson - guitar, background vocals
Audley Freed - guitar
Ed Harsch - keyboards
 


 Live At The Greek CD DISC 1: 
 1. Celebration Day 
 2. Custard Pie 
 3. Sick Again 
 4. What Is and What Should Never Be 
 5. Woke up This Morning 
 6. Shape of Things to Come 
 7. Sloppy Drunk 
 8. Ten Years Gone 
 9. In My Time of Dying 
 10. Your Time Is Gonna Come 
  Live At The Greek Songs DISC 2: 
 1. Lemon Song, The 
 2. Nobody's Fault But Mine 
 3. Heartbreaker 
 4. Hey Hey What Can I Do 
 5. Mellow Down Easy 
 6. Oh Well 
 7. Shake Your Moneymaker 
 8. You Shook Me 
 9. Out on the Tiles 
 10. Whole Lotta Love 

Following a successful collaboration at a 1999 London benefit show, it made perfect sense for Jimmy Page to invite the ...    Full DescriptionBlack Crowes to be his back-up band for a mini-tour later that year. Recorded during a pair of sold-out shows at Los Angeles' Greek Theatre, these sets are dominated by Led Zeppelin tunes, along with a mix of classic blues nuggets and covers of Fleetwood Mac and Page's first group, The Yardbirds. (Due to contractual obligations, no Crowes songs are included here).

Chris Robinson's soulful singing ably fills in for Robert Plant's caterwaul, particularly with the sinister "In My Time of Dying" and the bluesy drawl of Willie Dixon's "You Shook Me." Guitarists Rich Robinson and Audley Freed provide stellar sounding layers of depth behind Page's playing, whether on the chiming "Hey Hey What Can I Do," or the hard-hitting swagger of "Nobody's Fault But Mine." From the non-Zeppelin material, the Crowes and Page soar on covers of the B.B. King shuffle "Woke Up This Morning" and the Chicago blues stomp of Jimmy Rogers' "Sloppy Drunk."

Recorded live at the Greek Theatre, Los Angeles, California.



 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce
