 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51uv8lw0kcL.jpg


Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album
Artist: Glee
Audio CD (November 16, 2010) 
Original Release Date: 2010 
Number of Discs: 1 
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. We Need A Little Christmas
02. Deck The Rooftop
03. Merry Christmas Darling
04. Baby, It's Cold Outside [Feat. Darren Criss]
05. The Most Wonderful Day Of The Year
06. Last Christmas
07. God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen
08. O Christmas Tree
09. Jingle Bells
10. You're A Mean One, Mr. Grinch  [Feat. K.D. Lang]
11. Angels We Have Heard On High
12. O Holy Night


Amazon Description:
Glee decks the halls and gets you in the holiday spirit with the release of Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album. The Glee cast sprinkle a little Christmas cheer with their dazzling renditions of such holiday classics as “We Need A Little Christmas,” “O Holy Night,” “Jingle Bells” and a very special Dr. Seuss inspired “You’re A Mean One, Mr. Grinch” featuring Grammy Award winner K.D. Lang. 12 songs to fill your holidays with Glee! 

Allmusic Review:
The Christmas Album is Glee’s fifth release in 2010, and the first of two full-length albums to be issued in November alone. Appearing several weeks after another holiday-themed record -- The Rocky Horror Glee Show -- it features a handful of wintertime tunes, from the standard crop of Christmas carols to more secular fare like Frank Loesser’s “Baby, It’s Cold Outside” and the Carpenters’ “Merry Christmas Darling.” Most of the carols are what you’d expect: slick, sentimental, and performed in Glee’s familiar Broadway-pop style, with solos by the cast members and backup vocals by a group of unseen professionals. Other songs are “jazzed up” to a questionable degree, including an urban mash-up of “Deck the Halls” and “Up on the Rooftop” that sounds like something from a Disney starlet’s catalog. On “O Holy Night,” though, Lea Michele belts out the high notes like the second coming of Kristin Chenoweth, and “Baby, It’s Cold Outside” melts under the warmth of Chris Colfer’s duet with Darren Criss, who plays Kurt’s openly gay love interest. A duet between two male characters -- with lyrics like “Gosh, your lips look delicious,” no less -- is a refreshingly risqué move for Fox TV, not to mention an album highlight. After all, Glee became popular by pushing boundaries and ignoring convention, so it’s reassuring to see the spark still burning. 

