Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Motorhead and Girlschool - Please Don't Touch (Live-Beat Club) (2nafish)


Please Don't Touch is the debut single by English rock and roll group Johnny Kidd & The Pirates, released in 1959 reaching number 25 on the UK singles charts.

In 1980 Lemmy chose to record the song as the A-side of the Headgirl (Motörhead and Girlschool collaboration) St. Valentine's Day Massacre EP.

Brian Setzer, The Stray Cats, The Meteors, Hellbillys, the Slaptones and Throw Rag have also recorded covers of the song.

Girlschool are a long-running British heavy metal band originating out of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal scene.

Though enjoying little commercial success beyond the early 1980s, they maintain a worldwide cult following and were inspirational for many succeeding female bands.

In 1981, the band teamed up with labelmates Motörhead again, billed as Headgirl, on the classic single "Please Don’t Touch" (St. Valentines Massacre), which went silver and reached no.5 in the UK. The album Hit and Run was released in March, going gold in Canada, and a sellout tour of the UK followed. The band supported Rush, amongst others, and a Friday night headline slot at the Reading Festival maintained the band's profile. (BBC Radio 1's The Friday Rock Show broadcast the Reading set.)

Motörhead are a British rock band formed in 1975 by bassist, singer and songwriter Ian Fraser Kilmister, known mostly by his stage name Lemmy, who has remained the sole constant member. The band was part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal, which re-energized heavy metal in the late '70s and early '80s. Usually a power trio, Motörhead had particular success in the early 1980s with several successful singles in the UK Top 40 chart. The albums Overkill, Bomber, Ace of Spades, and particularly No Sleep 'til Hammersmith, cemented Motörhead's reputation as one of Britain's foremost rock bands.

While Motörhead are typically classified as heavy metal, speed metal or thrash metal (and often regarded as a foundational influence on the latter two styles), Lemmy dislikes such labels, preferring to describe the band's music simply as "rock n' roll". Motörhead's approach has remained the same over the band's career, preferring to play what they enjoy and do best; their appreciation of early rock and roll is reflected in some of their occasional cover songs. Motörhead's lyrics typically cover such topics as war, good versus evil, abuse of power, promiscuous sex, substance abuse, and "life on the road". The band's distinctive fanged-face logo, with its oversized boar's horns, chains, and spikes, was created by artist Joe Petagno in 1977 for the cover of the Motörhead album and has appeared in many variations on covers of ensuing albums. The fanged face has been referred to variously as "War-Pig" and "Snaggletooth". The band is ranked number 26 on VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

