Limp Bizkit - Greatest Hitz (2005)
Constant bit rate 320
Cleanly tagged with 600x600 enhanced cover art


1. Counterfeit	
2. Faith 
3. Nookie	
4. Break Stuff		
5. Re-Arranged			
6. N 2 Gether Now	
7. Take A Look Around	
8. My Generation	
9. Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)
10. My Way			
11. Boiler		
12. Eat You Alive	
13. Behind Blue Eyes		
14. Build A Bridge	
15. Why			
16. Lean On Me			
17. Home Sweet Home/Bittersweet Symphony 


Nu-metal band Limp Bizkit have sold many millions of copies of their albums, but continue to divide opinion among critics and fans alike regarding their artistic merit.

Their debut Three Dollar Bill Y’All$ was moderately successful on release, but touring and single releases took it to the Top 30 of the charts. Their appearance at the Ozzfest tour was marked by the use of a giant toilet as set dressing. They emerged from the toilet announcing to the crowd that the music was straight from the sewer. That stunt, and their cover of George Michael’s “Faith”, which turned up on the film Very Bad Things, helped to build their profile.

After the success of the follow-up, Significant Other, which debuted at No.1 on the Billboard 200, the band hit their peak with their third album Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water. The album sold a million copies in its first week, and then the singles “My Generation”, “Rollin” and “Take a Look Around” (which was used in the Mission Impossible 2 soundtrack) helped take sales to over 13 million.

After the departure of Wes Borland over musical differences, the band came up with a novel way to find a replacement when they held a nationwide audition called Put Your Guitar Where Your Mouth Is. Among the thousands of hopefuls was Eddie Van Halen, but he and the three finalists were disappointed when the job went to a friend of the band, ex-Snot guitarist Mike Smith. The band tweaked their name to limpbizkit to reflect the change.

Despite platinum sales, results didn't vary when critics got their hands on next album Results May Vary: the album was roundly panned, with accusations of a loss in direction being levelled at the band. During a supposed brief hiatus fans began to wonder what had happen to the next album. After a round of public bickering between Durst and Borland, doubt still surrounds the release of the next album. The situation has been complicated by line-up issues and Durst’s diversion into film directing, with The Education of Charlie Banks.