File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:22

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 3086 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.06 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Raise Your Glass" is the lead single from American singer-songwriter Pink's upcoming compilation album, Greatest Hits... So Far!!!. The single was released on Pink's official website on October 6, 2010, before being made available to download officially on October 7 in the United States. The song received its first airplay in the UK on BBC Radio 1's breakfast show on October 6, 2010. The track is written by Pink, Max Martin and Shellback and produced by Max Martin and Shellback.

"Raise Your Glass" debuted at #51 on the Billboard Hot 100 and climbed to number 10 two weeks later, becoming P!nk's highest charting song since "So What," which topped the chart in 2008, and her eleventh overall Top 10 hit.

The music video for the song began filming on October 4, 2010. The video itself is based around one of Pink's real-life experiences, and features a celebration of gay marriage, expressing her views that people should not feel any differently towards gay marriage than straight marriage. Pink commented on the video in an interview for MTV: "I threw my best friend's wedding in my backyard — she is gay and she married her wife, and it was absolutely beautiful. At the end of it, her mom said, 'Why can't this be legal?' and started crying. It was just the most heartbreaking thing I've ever seen, so that's why I'm doing it in my video." The video was released on P!nk's official website Tuesday, November 2nd at 6PM EST.

"Raise Your Glass" was announced as the lead single from Pink's upcoming greatest hits compilation on October 1, 2010. The song follows a strong pop/rock style, in much similar fashion to her previous work with producer Max Martin. Pink describes the song as a "celebration for people who feel left out from the popular crowd". In an interview for MTV, Pink comments on the song: "I don't know if it's going to be huge, but it is new. I did three new songs. It was good timing. I had been on the road for two years and I hadn't written anything and I wanted to write a song about underdogs. Instead of going and becoming a cover girl, I kind of just hit the road and pounded the pavement ... and became a touring artist. You don't have to be popular when you're a touring artist, you just have to be good, and this is a thank you for the fans".

The song debuted atop the Australian and Polish charts. In the USA, "Raise Your Glass" entered the Hot 100 at number 51 and jumped 40 positions to number 11 a week later, becoming P!nk's highest charting song since 2008's number-one hit "So What". The song advanced to number 10 on its third week, raising P!nk's total number of Top 10 hits to eleven and that of her Top 20 singles to sixteen, including her official singles and the singles she was featured on. It also made P!nk the third female artist with most Top 10 hits since 2000, behind Rihanna and Beyoncé with 16 and 14 respectively.

Greatest Hits... So Far!!! is an upcoming greatest hits collection by American singer-songwriter Pink. It will be released on November 16, 2010 by LaFace Records. It will feature four new songs, including the first single off the album, entitled "Raise Your Glass".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/