 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080310/


This is our standard DivX player version, converted from the original
1080p HD bluray for a remarkably rich looking picture quality

This movie speaks to the the very real spirit of the Australian genre in their
rejection of impersonal application of rules and sense of decorum in the face of the needs of more real ideals of justice at the end of the day, have been for this
reason often considered expendable by  the Brits (Gallipoli is another very great
movie on a similar theme) some Australian soldiers during the time of the Boer war 
are out on trial for actions they deem to have been defensible, as they were 
in fact from their perspective here, "only following orders" to take no prisoners.
The penalty however is death if their orders are subsequently denied as validly
issued at all. A court martial is where the judgment is to be made, in this case
of a sad tale indeed. To add to all this is the murder of a German missionary
apparently "considered to have been caught in the crossfire" (as it were)! 

The Boer war was a sad chapter in our history. The greatest of our peoples in what
is the leadership of the peoples of Europe - the British and the Dutch of course
(although one cannot lose sight of the French or the Germans as Europe would be
impoverished to the point of being very considerable much less in beauty than it
is) were involved in a war against each other when they should instead have been
friends and partners all along in what was the spirit of Christianly colonization
in other parts of the planet where either would be justified in expansion.

Indeed if you look at where the best of people of the traditions I speak of are
now extant on this earth, they are in fact not too far from one another - I refer
of course to the very greatest peoples of Australia, and the equally nice peoples
of South Africa who have long since but the borer war behind them to become a
lovely product of a very compatible breed destined for greatness in mutual
company.



Michael Rizzo Chessman

Note: (especially for the folks in Australia) If you missed out on our initial
seeding of the DivX version of the complete Upstairs downstairs collection
or neglected to take our add-on folder of three episodes we inadvertantly missed
we'd like to make you aware that the full set of folders is available for download
at our movie reviews website free of charge, and they are in fact exactly as
you require to join the torrent seed if that is your desire, including the torrent
files used in the initial launch here. This is a great series and its a great
mission we are involved in to reach as many pelle with it as possible. We can
exceed the speed of dedicated dwnload server if we can get enough seeders on
our torrents to do the job for those that will forever want to depend on this more
secure method of delivery into many areas that cant afford to do otherwise.