People ask God for forgiveness. But since God is everything and 
everyone, who is there for Him to forgive? Forgiveness of the 
created was already there in His act of creation. But still people 
ask God's forgiveness, and He forgives them. But they, instead of 
forgetting that for which they asked forgiveness, forget that God 
has forgiven them, and, instead, remember the things they were 
forgiven — and so nourish the seed of wrongdoing, and it bears its 
fruit again. Again and again they plead for forgiveness, and again 
and again the Master says, I forgive.
 
But it is impossible for men to forget their wrongdoings and the 
wrongs done to them by others. And since they cannot forget, 
they find it hard to forgive. But forgiveness is the best charity. 
It is easy to give the poor money and goods when one has plenty, 
but to forgive is hard; but it is the best thing if one can do it. 

Instead of men trying to forgive one another they fight. Once they 
fought with their hands and with clubs. Then with spears and 
bows and arrows. Then with guns and cannon. Then they 
invented bombs and carriers for them. Now they have developed 
missiles that can destroy millions of other men thousands of miles 
away, and they are prepared to use them. The weapons used 
change, but the aggressive pattern of man remains the same. 

Now men are planning to go to the moon. And the first to get there 
will plant his nation's flag on it, and that nation will say, 
It is mine. But another nation will dispute the claim and they will
fight here on this earth for possession of that moon. And whoever
goes there, what will he find? Nothing but himself. And if people
go on to Venus they will still find nothing but themselves. Whether 
men soar to outer space or dive to the bottom of the deepest ocean
they will find themselves as they are, unchanged, because they will
not have forgotten themselves nor remembered to exercise the charity
of forgiveness.
 
Supremacy over others will never cause a man to find a change in 
himself; the greater his conquests the stronger is his confirmation 
of what his mind tells him — that there is no God other than his 
own power. And he remains separated from God, the Absolute Power.  
But when the same mind tells him that there is something which 
may be called God, and, further, when it prompts him to search 
for God that he may see Him face to face, he begins to forget 
himself and to forgive others for whatever he has suffered from 
them. 

And when he has forgiven everyone and has completely forgotten 
himself, he finds that God has forgiven him everything, and he 
remembers Who, in reality, he is. 
 
Meher Baba