Stossel - Things are Better? - Fox Business Network
2010, February 4

Xvid/MP3 AVI 624x464 encoded from clean composite SD video source

-----

Excerpted from John Stossel's blog:


February 5, 2010 04:57 PM EST by John Stossel
Feedback on "Everything is Getting Better" show

My Life Gets Better show (which re-runs Friday at 10pm ET, Saturday at 7pm ET, and Sunday at 11pm ET) got me some nice comments:

Mary:
John Stossel is a breath of fresh air. … this week he gave us some hope that all is not lost. Keep it up, John!

But also plenty of vitriol.

G. E. Diaz:
I was dismayed at John Stossel’s response to Jack Thompson… If pregnancies have lowered, it’s because day after pills are available, not because girls are having less sex… Stossel was shallow and Mr. Loder rude and they both showed their low-brow values.

Anna:
Stossel is a tool!

Doodahman:

Huh? Income for all but the top 5% has stagnated in real terms now for thirty years. The only respite was briefly during Clinton's administration. The entire decade saw NO JOB GROWTH AT ALL-- the first such decade since the Depression…

Stossel is just a shill for the ownership class who tries to confuse and demoralize workers-- it can't be the system that sucks, says Stossel. If you aren't getting ahead, it must be YOU.

But here are the facts:

GDPpoor getting richer

Dood writes:
Stossel is right.. If you aren't getting ahead it is your fault. [I wouldn’t go that far: some people do have bad luck] The recently released US Income Mobility Study showed economic growth resulted in rising incomes for most taxpayers over the period from 1996 to 2005. Median incomes of all taxpayers increased by 24 percent after adjusting for inflation. The real incomes of two-thirds of all taxpayers increased over this period. In addition, the median incomes of those initially in the lower income groups increased more than the median incomes of those initially in the higher income groups.
I’d be interested to hear your comments, too.
