Farming Simulator 2009 - Gold Edition 

Info:

  My first game upload on tpb, hope you like it.
  This is the English version of farming simulator gold 2009.
  And contains NO virusses, (unlike the other torrent).
  If you are facing problems don't be affraid to ask.
  And make sure you have all the latest drivers installed!
  Have fun.

Installation:

  Double click "farming simulator Gold setup.exe"
  And play the game from the desktop.
  When asked for a serial use:
  ZTAAH-RKCS5-QYHHR-Z84W5-FHD7H
  YNK4J-SFQD9-7CXLA-P8RX2-FJ7BB 

Game info:

  Assume the role of a farmer and experience the 18 hours-a-day lifestyle
  of running a busy farm in the middle of beautiful, rolling countryside.
  You start the game by choosing from a small collection of basic vehicles
  and machinery to explore your fairly sparce farmland which measures a
  mere 4 km2. As you progress through the game you’ll need to visit the
  local agricultural machinery store to trade in your old vehicles and
  equipment for newer kit. Here you can choose tractors and combine
  harvesters from Fendt and Poettinger agricultural plant and machinery.

  The original machines available in Farming Simulator are still available
  for use - seven beautifully detailed tractors, four combine harvesters
  and over 20 tools such as a plough, seeder, baler and a self loading
  wagon. Plus all the new toys to play with! Don’t forget too that
  Farming Simulator is MOD-friendly so if you are still looking for
  more vehicles, equipment and modifications you can download these from
  the Internet!

  Farming Simulator also contains various missions and tutorials to
  complete as well as featuring a realistic day-and-night cycle with
  changing weather conditions. As a modern farmer you can also activate
  computer-controlled vehicles which will help you get your work done.

  FEATURES
  * Career mode with business section
  * Lots of different missions and tutorials
  * Large vehicle fleet with authentic Fendt machines
  * Plenty of very sophisticated equipment
  * 4 different crops: barley, corn, canola and wheat
  * Day and night cycle with weather changes
  * AI traffic and computer-controlled assistants
  * Download additional vehicles and equipment with automatic mod installation
  * Gamepad and steering wheel support

  GOLD EDITION
  * 4 new missions: grub, sow, spray and collect bales
  * 7 new machines and equipment: 3 cultivators and 2 sowing machines
    from HORSCH. 1 self-propelled sprayer and an automatic bale collector
  * New keyboard, mouse and gamepad controls configuration menu
  * Improved gamepad, joystick and steering wheel support
