Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


11:11 is the third studio album by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela. It was released on independent label Rubyworks around the world from 2 September to 8 September 2009. It guest stars Strunz & Farah on the song "Master Maqui" and guest star Alex Skolnick on the song "Atman." The song "Buster Voodoo" was performed by the band on The Tonight Show hosted by Conan O'Brien on Thursday, October 1, 2009 and on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Wednesday, October 28, 2009. Each song on the album is a tribute to an artist that has inspired both Rodrigo and Gabriela.

The song Santo Domingo was chosen as the Starbucks iTunes Pick of the Week for November 10, 2009.

Rodrigo y Gabriela (Rodrigo and Gabriela) are a Mexican musical duo who specialize in playing fast, rhythmic acoustic guitars. The duo's members are Rodrigo Sánchez, lead guitar, and Gabriela Quintero, rhythm guitar.

The musicians gained a reputation by playing in the pubs and bars of Dublin, Republic of Ireland, and despite their unusual style, gained a cult following. Reviewing one of their gigs, The Independent notes that "Rodrigo y Gabriela's secret is maybe quite simple. They are resourceful musicians who can really play, and are open-hearted, happy entertainers. That, very often, is what people want." Both live a vegan lifestyle and support animal rights.

The duo met in Mexico City while playing in a thrash metal band called "Tierra Ácida". Growing frustrated with the limited scope of the domestic music scene, they moved to Europe, where they met considerable acclaim.

They took up residence in Dublin, Ireland, after hearing it was particularly welcoming to travelling musicians. Playing live gigs in various pubs and busking on Grafton Street and Temple Bar allowed them to practice their sound. They received their break when Damien Rice approached them to provide the support for the Irish music festival Oxegen. In 2005 they toured extensively in festivals around the United Kingdom and beyond.

The duo has released six albums - Foc, re-Foc, Live in Manchester and Dublin, the self-titled album Rodrigo y Gabriela, Live in Japan and 11:11.

The self-titled album Rodrigo y Gabriela entered the Irish Albums Chart at #1 beating Arctic Monkeys and Johnny Cash to the top spot. It was released internationally on 13 March 2006, having been given an earlier Irish release. Rodrigo y Gabriela which was produced by John Leckie includes covers of Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven" and Metallica's "Orion". The duo list Metallica as being among their key influences, alongside other heavy metal bands such as Megadeth, Slayer, Testament and Overkill. The other tracks are original works inspired by the places they have been and the people they have met.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/