SUPPLIER ....: TEAM EAT
PROG TYPE ...: APPLICATION
LANGUAGE ....: ENGLISH
RELEASE DATE.: 2010-02-16

CRACKER ......: TEAM EAT
PROTECTION ...: DEMO-LIMITS
DIFFICULTY ...: GUESS

PACKAGER ....: TEAM EAT
FORMAT ......: ZIP/RAR
ARCHIVE NAME.: eatl5471.zip
No OF DISKS .: XX/05

REQUIREMENTS .: Win2000/XP/Vista
PRICE ........: 13.95
WEBSITE.......: http://www.limewire.com

RELEASE  NOTES

LimeWire - The Fastest P2P File Sharing Program on
the Planet, running on the Gnutella Network. It is
open standard software running on an open protocol,
free for the public to use. LimeWire allows you to
share any file such as.mp3s, .avis, jpgs, tiffs,
etc., allows you to search for multiple files at the
same time, available in several different languages,
and is most famous for its ease-of-use and
cross-platform compatibility. Limewire is written in
Java, and will run on Windows, Macintosh, Linux,
Solaris, and other computing platforms.

NO BUNDLED SOFTWARE OF ANY KIND No spyware. No
adware. Guaranteed.
Firewall to Firewall Transfers. Since about 60% of
users are currently firewalled, this feature
greatly increases the amount of content on the
network.
Faster network connections. Using new "UDP Host
Caches", LimeWire starts up and connects faster
then ever before
Universal Plug 'N Play. UPnP support allows
LimeWire to find more search results and have
faster downloads.
iTunes Integration. Windows users can now take
advantage of LimeWire's iTunes integration.
Creative Commons Integration. LimeWire now
recognizes OGGs and MP3s licensed under a Creative
Commons License.
"What's New?" feature. Users can browse the
network for the most recent content additions.
Search drill down results. Searches in LimeWire
now immediately display the artists, albums and
other information that fully describes files.
Proxy support. Users can now use web proxies to
route their to protect their identity.
Support for International searches and
International groups. Users can now search in any
language, and LimeWire ensures that a user will be
connected to other users with their own language
to aide international users to receive search
results in their native language and to find
content from sources that are close to home.

LimeWire still has the following great features:

Ease of use - just install, run, and search
Ability to search by artist, title, genre, or
other metainformation
Elegant multiple search tabbed interface
"Swarm" downloads from multiple hosts help you get
files faster
iTunes integration for Mac and Windows users
Unique "ultrapeer" technology reduces bandwidth
requirements for most users
Integrated chat
Directly connect to a computer
Browse host feature--even works through firewalls
Added Bitzi metadata lookup
International versions: Now available in many new
languages
Connects to the network using GWebCache, a
distributed connection system
Automatic local network searches for
lightning-fast downloads
Support for MAGNET links that allow you to click
on web page links that access Gnutella

All good progs start as freeware,
then things get worse ... -)

INSTALLATION NOTES

TLB'
Try it, Like it, Buy it

Unpack and install.

That's all. Have fun using it -)
