Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Three Bells", also known as "Jimmy Brown" or "Little Jimmy Brown", is a song  made popular by The Browns in 1959. The single reached number one on the U.S.  country and pop charts, outperforming a competing version by Dick Flood. The version by The Browns also hit number ten on the Hot R&B Sides chart. It was based on the 1945 French language song "Les trois cloches" by Jean Villard and Marc Herrand. The English lyrics were written by Bert Reisfeld and first recorded by Melody Maids in 1948. The song was a major 1952-53 hit  by Edith Piaf and Les Compagnons de la Chanson.

The Browns were an American  country and folk music vocal trio best known for their 1959 Grammy-nominated hit, "The Three Bells". The group, composed of Jim Ed Brown and his sisters Maxine  and Bonnie Brown, had a close, smooth harmony characteristic of the Nashville sound, though their music also combined elements of folk and pop.

In 1959, The Browns scored their biggest hit when their folk-pop single "The Three Bells" reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop and country charts. The song also peaked at No. 10 on Billboard's  Rhythm and Blues listing. Based on a song called "Les trois cloches", it was originally a hit in France for Édith Piaf. The recording sold over one million copies, and was nominated for both Record of the Year and the Best Group or Vocal Performance in the Grammy award categories in 1959.

The Browns appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show and Dick Clark's American Bandstand, and followed up with "Scarlet Ribbons" and "The Old Lamplighter", recordings that also did well on both the pop and country charts. With an international following, they toured Europe extensively and saw further moderate success on the country music charts. In 1963, they joined the Grand Ole Opry; in 1967, the trio disbanded as the popularity of folk music faded.

In 2006, the Browns reunited to perform "The Old Lamplighter" and "The Three Bells" for the PBS special, Country Pop Legends.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

