Formed in 2003, the hellish line-up from Spanish soil, now consists of Usurper of Eternal Condemnation and Inverted Crucifixion - War Commands/guitars/effects, Abomination of Four Mayhemic Winds and Bestial Offensor - drums, Irreverent Captor of Abysmal Flames and Ultimate Desolation - bass and Reverend of Goetic Rituals, Commander Of 72 Evil Spirits - Reinforcement Vomits. This lineup bourne from the boundaries of Hades have no interest in originality or creating a melodic atmosphere, only to desecrate the beliefs of weak religeous scum, invoking some of the most bestial, ugly and horrific black metal ever composed. Influences from many of the black tyrants of metal… Bathory, Beherit, Blasphemy, Hellhammer, Sarcofago, Sodom, Archgoat, Abhorer, Profanatica, Impurity, Black Witchery and others

In 2003, Proclamation released a demo titled Imperious Jaws of Fire, later another demo: Black conjurations and a live dvd release, titled Desecrating Madrid. A split was then recorded with their Spannish bretheren Teitanblood in 2005. It wasn’t until the year of 2006, a full release was produced and sent out to the hungry bestial hordes awaiting it, Advent of the Black Omen. Archgoats Whore of bethlehem along with Proclamations Advent of the Black Omen, have been two of the most long awaited black metal albums of 2006. A new album is in the process and will be released late fall of 2007, Messiah of Darkness and Impurity.


Current line-up 
Usurper of Eternal Condemnation and Inverted Crucifixion - Vocals, guitar (Teitanblood)
Angeltyrant Bearer of Four Winds and Bestial Offensor - Drums (Death Squadron) 
Irreverent Captor of Abysmal Flames and Ultimate Desolation - Bass

Genre = Black Metal
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
01. Prayer of the Fallen (Intromancy) 
02. Witching Torment 
03. Altars of Mayhem 
04. Morbid Lust 
05. Execration of Cruel Bestiality 
06. Diabolos Vobisum (Deus Inversus) 
07. Orgy of the Damned  
08. Crowned with thorns  
09. Hammer of Prophets 
10. Gateways to Tartaros (Outrogrammaton)