Release Type
Registration/Serial Crack
Activation Crack
Trial Crack
Server Check Crack
X Serial
Hidden/Added Features Enabler
Other

Loader Patcher        Patch        Precracked        RegFile
Keygen

RELEASE NOTES

Use all the processor power you paid for

Almost all modern computers have at least two processors, which
are generally referred to as cores. Some even have four
Unfortunately, Windows often doesnt manage your multiple cores
very well, so youre not actually getting the full
multi-processor power you paid for

Ashampoo Core Tuner enables you to use the full power of all your
cores. For instant results you just need to select Auto-Optimize
to optimize all the programs you are running or Boost to give
more power to a single program

You can also fine-tune individual processes, display a live view
of the current workloads of all your processor cores and enhance
the overall performance of your system with additional tools

Instant one-click results

You dont have to have a computer science degree to get all the
benefits of Core Tuner. The program manages your processor cores
for you to make full use of their power

One-click Auto-Optimize intelligently assigns the load of all
the programs youre currently running to make best use of all
your processor cores
One-click Boost does the same for individual programs. Just
select the program from the list and click Boost to give it
more processor power
Live View shows you how all your processor cores are working in
real time

Fine-tuning for users who want more

If you want to really max out your machines performance you can
manually fine-tune the core workload settings for every program
you use

You can set the priority in five levels to adjust the amount of
processor power each program gets. You can also specify how many
processor cores each program gets to use. This can deliver
particularly good results with modern graphics and video editing
programs and other applications that make full use of multiple
processors

Every time you change a programs settings a profile containing
your changes is saved automatically and can be reused whenever
you want. You can quickly return to your original settings or
reload the profile to activate the saved settings in a single
operation

You can also kill (terminate) programs that are stuck and
processes that you suspect of malicious behavior

Additional performance-enhancing tools

Ashampoo Core Tuner comes with two very useful additional tools
that further enhance the power of your computer

Services Manager lists the background programs (services
that Windows starts automatically even though most users dont
need them. It explains what they are and enables you to turn
them off. In addition to making more processor power and memory
available this can also improve security, because some of these
automatic services are actually security and privacy hazards
StartUp Manager lists all the programs and utilities that are
started automatically every time you run Windows and lets you
disable them if you dont need them. Many applications
automatically install such auto-start programs without asking
or telling you and they then just run in the background all the
time, wasting processor power and memory. This can also be used
to identify malicious programs, which often also install
themselves to start automatically

System requirements

Operating System
Windows XP and Windows Vista (32bit

Computer
Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a
reasonable speed. The best results can be achieved by
employment of a multi-core or multiprocessor system. These
processors are built into all new pc systems

Main Memory (RAM
The size of the main storage is insignificant for the
employment of the program. We refer to the recommendations of
the operating system in use from Microsoft

Hard Drive Space
12 MB for the program files plus some additional space for the
profile files (minimal

Software
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 or higher is required

Other
Full administrative rights are required to use the program.

For More Info on Ashampoo Core Tuner Visit 
http://www.ashampoo.com/frontend/products/php/product.php
sessionlangid=2&idstring=0061

TE Release Filename: tact121x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install ashampoocoretuner1.21sm.exe.  After installation use
the following for registration

Key: (Inside NFO)

Thats it  Enjoy
