Seres Queridos (aka Only Human) (D. Harari & T. Pelegri, 2004)-aNaRCHo


          (FILM IS IN SPANISH, FRENCH AND ENGLISH SUBTITLES INCLUDED)


"The funniest film I've seen in years, "Only Human" is a comedy about Leni, the daughter of a eccentric Jewish family, who brings her fiancé home to meet her relatives for the first time. Dinner is planned, and all is going well, until Leni reveals that her fiancé Rafi is Palestinian. Of course the reaction is hysterical, and Rafi retreats to the kitchen to help in preparing the meal. He offers to take care of the chicken soup, but in removing the frozen soup from the container, it accidentally falls out the window, landing on the head of a man outside and knocking him out. To make things worse, the man may be Leni's father, and the soup may have killed him. Things really take off from there... With a cast of talented comic actors and a truly funny and irreverent screenplay, Only Human gave me more honest laughs than any film I've seen in ages. The characters are definitely oddball, but they are treated with respect, and there is no low humor or mocking of the characters' weirdness. It's good to see a comedy that takes it's humor from the situation and the personalities of the characters, rather than making them look stupid for a cheap laugh. Highly recommended. 10/10"
--pb104-1, from imdb

"I had the opportunity to see a preview of this movie (to be entitled "Only Human" for English-speaking audiences). 

A genuinely funny take on a very real situation: Spanish Jewish neurotic girl who is a TV presenter in Madrid brings home her Palistinian lecturer boyfriend to meet her dysfunctional family. Her sister is a nymphomaniac belly-dancer who lives at home with her five year old contrary daughter, younger brother (who is going through a faux ultra-orthodox stage), blind grandfather, pre-menopausal mother and a duckling! 

The farcical plot (such as it is) revolves around some frozen soup, belly-dancing, Jewish-Islamic shiboleths and all the fun you can pack into 96 minutes! It's cleverly plotted, extremely convincingly acted, neatly directly and very reminiscent of Pedro Almodavar - on acid! I fell off my chair laughing."
--sales169, from imdb

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!!
