CAA V5, the 3D development platform 		
		
							The Component Application Architecture V5 (CAA) and its Rapid Application Development Environment (RADE) V5 provides developers with a platform for integrating their expertise into specialized PLM applications.
With CAA V5, developers can customize or create new user interface to perform nearly limitless functions within CATIA, ENOVIA and DELMIA V5. Developers can also operate on the core data modelers provided with the PLM solutions, as a result, they can interactively add new data or extend existing one on these modelers. Dedicated tools allows companies to connect and federate their existing legacy systems into ENOVIA 3d com all with cross-platform capability.	
	 	

Who are using CAA V5	 	

By providing a workbench for developing Windows and UNIX PLM applications CAA gives C++, Java developers, IT and QA organizations effective industry-standard tools to interactively design, create, test, manage and release their application developed with CAA V5.
Methodology guides, online documentation and best practices are imbedded in the tools to speed CAA application development.  
Third party developers take the opportunity to extend the PLM application portfolio either for extended vertical industry and process support or for extended discipline support.
PLM customers are using CAA V5 to build added-value application to fulfill their company specific needs.
Services companies can implement best practices on top of PLM solutions 	 	

				
Benefits of using CAA-RADE

With a comprehensive set of component-based API, you quickly extend standard  functions and capabilities of CATIA V5, ENOVIA V5 and DELMIA V5.

Thanks to the combination of your assets and the leading edge V5 architecture, you incorporate your know-how at the core of the applications seamlessly integrated with the V5 product lines.

A major opportunity is given to third party vendor for integrating their applications right into our product lines to cover critical customer processes. CAA-RADE allows full integration of innovative applications into PLM products to deliver an extended V5 portfolio


Fast development of robust and durable applications is guaranteed thanks to the V5 architecture. We also provide methods and guidelines to build stable applications supported by the component-based architecture. 

With the CAA-RADE solution, we deliver a productivity driven standard-compliant toolkit to produce NT and UNIX V5 applications. You directly profit from best-in-class development experience to cut development time