01. Cyber Space Sirens / Computer Casanovas
02. The Shadow Me 
03. Blinky Loves Pepper 
04. Skillz 
05. 2600 Refugee 
06. Roll It Up 
07. Armies Unlimited 
08. 8 Bit Lullaby 
09. Goodbye Cruel World (of Warcraft) 
10. All Directions 
11. Cheap-O 
12. Don’t Sell the Barrels to the Monkey 
13. Brawl 
14. Geeks No More 
15. Next Generation

Chicago's electronic pop group Super 8-Bit Brothers is the side project of Tub Ring's Rob Kleiner and Kevin Gibson. Along with playing video game conventions across the country, Super 8-Bit Brothers have found themselves on stage with bands such as Mindless Self Indulgence, Electric Six and Foxy Shazam. Their new album (and The End Records debut) Brawl is their first since 2005's acclaimed Melee (both albums are named after the widely popular Super Smash Brothers games).

Although Brawl sounds more mature than their previous album Melee,their lyrical content and humor remain the same. The pounding beats and off-key horns in "Blinky Loves Pepper" make for a great dance tune. The highlight of the song is the sudden acoustic transition at the end. "Roll It Up" bounces around with its doo-wop influenced chorus. "8-Bit Lullaby" is a beautiful piano-driven song about a young gamer who doesn't want to sleep. "Next Generation" features tight programming along with smooth vocals from Gibson.

While most of the album rolls through easily,there are a few tracks that fall short. "Skillz" sounds too much like a Mindless Self Indulgence B-side. "Cheap-O" features the most bland vocals that Gibson has ever done in either Super 8-Bit Brothers or Tub Ring. Lines like "I spam projectiles as I watch your erectile dysfunction" also make the song unlistenable. The childish nature of "Don't Sell the Barrels to the Monkey" instantly makes it a throwaway track.

Overall,Brawl will please Super 8-Bit Brothers fans and gain new fans with its infectious electronic hooks and video-game references. Super 8-Bit Brothers are making something odd yet fun at the same time. Let's just hope that we won't have to wait for the next Super Smash Brothers game in order to hear some music from these gents.