Sheryl Lee Ralph (born on December 30, 1956, in Waterbury, Connecticut) is an American actress and singer.

Ralph began her career on the stage and was nominated in 1982 for a Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her role as Deena Jones in Dreamgirls. In 1984, Ralph released her only album In the Evening, in which the title track hit peaked at No. 6 on the Billboard Charts that same year. In 1988, she starred in the Disney movie Oliver & Company providing the speaking voice of Rita. Her first film leading role came as Denzel Washington's wife in The Mighty Quinn. In 1992, she starred as Robert De Niro's mistress in Mistress. During the '90s she also had roles in The Flintstones, Deterrence and Unconditional Love.

On television, she is known for playing Etienne Toussaint-Bouvier on Designing Women and later Dee Mitchell on Moesha and the supervillainous Cheetah in Justice League and Justice League Unlimited. Ralph produced Divas Simply Singing, which has become an important AIDS fundraiser. In June 2000, Ralph sued the National Enquirer for one million dollars over a piece they had written about her and her husband. She was also voted one of TV's Favorite Moms for her portrayal of step mom Dee on the number-one rated television series Moesha. She also appeared on the Showtime series, Barbershop, as the popular, post-operative transsexual, Claire. Recently, Sheryl brought a new face to the sufferings of war in the NBC hit series ER.

Ralph's 2002 project, Baby of the Family, concerns a young child who is born with a caul over her head; enabling her to see ghosts and the future. Ralph was also recently featured with son Etienne on MTV's My Super Sweet 16 and BET's Baldwin Hills (TV series), as well as an episode of Clean House that also featured her two children, Etienne and Ivy-Victoria aka "Coco" (named after Ralph's mother).

In July 2004, Ralph was inducted as an honorary member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. at the 47th National Convention in Las Vegas, Nevada. In May 2008, Ralph was awarded an honorary doctorate of humane letters from Tougaloo College after giving the commencement address.

On June 16, 2009 it was announced that Ralph would join the cast of the Broadway-bound musical The First Wives Club as Elyse. She replaced Adriane Lenox, who withdrew from the show due to health concerns.[1]




Classic clip and song
