                 CC             I used a dry-erase on my monitor to make this! Yay!
             CCCCCCCC
          CCCCCCCCCCCC
        CCCCCCCCCCCCCC
       CCCCCCCCCCCCCC
      CCCCCCCCCCCCC
     CCCCCCCCCCC
    CCCCCCCCC
   CCCCCCCCC
  CCCCCCCCC
  CCCCCCCC
 CCCCCCCCC                                             yyyyyyyyy        yyyyyyy
 CCCCCCCCC                                              yyyyyyyyy      yyyyyyy
 CCCCCCCCC            rrrrr    rr                        yyyyyyyyy    yyyyyyy
 CCCCCCCCC            rrrrr rrrrrrr   a     zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  yyyy  yyyyyyy
  CCCCCCCC           rrrrrrrrrrrrrr aaaaaa  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz   yyyyyyyyyyyyy
  CCCCCCCC           rrrrrrrrrrrrrr aaaaaa  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz     yyyyyyyyyy
   CCCCCCCC          rrrrrrrrr      aaaaaa         zzzzz        yyyyyyyy
    CCCCCCCC          CC  rrr  aaaa  aaaaaa      zzzzzz          yyyyyy
     CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC rrr aaaa    aaaaa    zzzzzzz           yyyyy
      CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC rr  aaaaa  aaaaaa zzzzzzzz            yyyyy
        CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC rrr  aaaaaaaaaaaaa zzzzzz             yyyyy
JJJJJ     CCCCCCCCCCCC  rrrr  aaaaaaaaa aaa zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz yyyy
JJJJJJJJJ     CCCCC     rrrr   aaaaaaa  aaa zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz yyy
JJJJJJJJJJJJJJ     JJJJJ    JJ   aaa    aaaa zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz yy
JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ   JJJJ    J                 yyy JJJJJ
JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ   JJJJJJ
          JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ
             JJJJJJJ          JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ
             JJJJJJ    aa                            JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ
             JJJJJJ aaaaaaa  yyyyy      yyyyy  BBBBB           JJJJJJJJ
            JJJJJJJ aaaaaaaa  yyyyy    yyyyy  BBBBBBBBB
JJJJJ       JJJJJJJ aaa aaaaa  yyyyy  yyyyy  BBBB  BBBBB
JJJJJ       JJJJJJJ aa   aaaa   yyyy yyyyy  BBBB    BBBBB   eeee
JJJJJJ     JJJJJJJ aa    aaaa    yyyyyyyy  BBBB     BBBBB eeeeeeee
JJJJJJ    JJJJJJJJ aaa  aaaaa     yyyyyy  BBBB    BBBBBBB eeeeeeeee
 JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ  aaaaaaaaaa      yyyy  BBBBBBBBBBBBBBB  ee   eeeee
  JJJJJJJJJJJJJJ   aaaaaaa aa      yyy   BBBBBBBBBB      ee     eeee
   JJJJJJJJJJJJ     aaaaa  aa     yyy   BBBBBBBBB       eeeeeeeeeeeee
     JJJJJJJJ         aa   aa    yyy   BBBBBBB  BBBBB   eee eeeeeeeee
        JJ                      yyy   BBBBBBB    BBBBBB ee
                               yyy   BBBBBBB     BBBBBB eee      ee
                              yyy   BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB  eeee    eeeee
                                       BBBBBBBBBBBBB    eeeee  eeeeee
                                              BBB        eeeeeeeeeee
                                                            eeeeee



	Hello. I'm CrazyJayBe. I'm totally insane. Check it, yo.

	Hey folks. This'll be my first upload. As you may have guessed this is actually the Mindfuck Movie pack that was floating around for a while. I downloaded it and was pleased with several great movies I hadn't seen in a while along with some great new ones like Cypher.

	First, credit is due with BOZX, the uploader...BUT...it seems that is not where it originated when looking at the comments. Basically I take no credit for the movies uploaded here. What I do take credit for is the following:

REVISION

	As you may know most of the movies come in either two video files or, worse, they're all RARed up. Well, after countless hours and many band-aids, I have  taken care of that little issue. Now all the movies in this revised pack are ready to watch. Therefore, you don't have nearly double the storage used up on your computer to both watch these great movies but also seed them to great crazy people. Like me. And you. You're awesome. Me, too!

	Something to consider though: A lot of movies came with extras like subs and stuff. Well, I didn't bother with all that. I just put it into one folder so you can handle that whenever you like except for Oldboy which is a Korean made adaptation of a Japanese film. You need the english subs because it's entirely in Korean and Hangul writing so that is in it's own folder.

	Also, I added The CUBE Trilogy which is a fantastic psycho-horror franchise. More in the movie descriptions. I just had to add The Killing Room. Check the descriptions for that. I also added Mr. Brooks, another W-T-F-just-happened kind of psychological along with Altered States. Again, descriptions.

	The Pi movie I had to re-download because it's commentary track was ripped instead of the normal one so you wind up listening to the guy talking about how interesting he is. Oops. But, uh...looks like I wound up downloading a version with...get this: the Pink Floyd subtitles! Yeah! Subtitles from another movie that just happens to be in this Psycho-Thriller folder wound up on Pi! ...double oops... Well, just make sure that any other Subs aren't in the same folder when you Watch Pi.

	And finally, The Illusionist actually went looking for Digital Media Rights!! Can you believe that?? Well, I re-downloaded that, too, for you my little hairy nutballs.

	MAKE SURE YOU GET THE VLC PLAYER!!!! It's free. 
 	http://www.videolan.org/vlc/

DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS!!!!!!

12 Monkeys - 1995

	Bruce "Hudson Hawk" Willis is a convict in the disease ridden future. The wardens(?) send him back to find out the cause of the pandemic and to stop it at all costs. Instead of time machines that send you back with clothes on, apparently this jail got their technology from the Skynet Terminator division.

2001 A Space Odyssey - 1968

	What can I say...Stanley Kubrick! That's it. Read the book, watch the movie, repeat, then you'll get the ending...I guess.

	Even though you won't know what the hell is going on...and likewise will probably suffer projectile hemorrhaging when watching the last 20 minutes, you should note that for it's release date it has some of the most stunning, state-of-the-art type of visual effects that even put movies of today to shame.

	Don't watch this for entertainment. Watch for the effects. Oh, and for better effect, use the "]" key to speed up the movie in VLC.

A Beautiful Mind - 2001

	Russell Crowe is foitin' raund tha woild again in this loosely based story of real life professor, Nobel Prize recipient, and mathematician John Forbes Nash who suffered from schizophrenia. Loosely based because in real life Prof. Nash experienced auditory hallucinations whereas Hollywood rapes everything it touches so the movie portrays him directly interacting and bonding with people only he could see.

	It's hard to figure out if you should feel bad for this guy or feel proud of him because of what he went through. I sure feel bad for his wife. She's a babe.

A Clockwork Orange - 1971

	Welly welly well! Sit back with the young'ns, spike their milk, and watch a bit of the old ultra-violence with Malcolm McDowell in this portrayal of youth gangs and the attempt to control crime through mind conditioning. It'll have your stomach going in, out, in, out.

Adaptation - 2002

	This has something to do with Nicholas Cage turning into a plant after he leaves the set of Being John Malkovich...or something I dunno I didn't watch it.

Altered States - 1980

	William Hurt plays a scientist that is researching schizophrenia. Apparently he is researching himself because the movie starts out with him in an isolation tank. I don't know. Look it up.

	He becomes obsessed with a hightened state of awareness and soon finds out about a Mexican tribe who have been using this mushroom concoction for thousands of years. They invite him to one of their rituals and he winds up having this crazy trip...that...kinda sucked actually. I mean, the film was made in 1980 but the...ahem..."special effects"...look like they are from the 60s. Think Willy Wonka boat ride.

	After getting the brilliant idea to trip on this crap IN an isolation chamber, he soon finds out that the rules of reality can be broken. DUHN DUHN DUUUUHHHNNN!!!

	Plus, you see Hurt's ass a lot.    ...I don't know why I brought that up...

American Psycho - 2000

	Patrick Bateman. Young, professional, urban. In a word, smart, sexy, cannibal. Yeah, he eats people. Pretty cool, huh?

	This is actually pretty good because it's both suspenseful and silly at the same time, especially when he's talking to that guy about Huey Lewis and the News.

Barton Fink - 1991

	A somewhat long and drawn out movie that can lose the attention of the Ritalin generation like myself but has some good twists that make it into the Psycho-Thriller catagory.

	It's about a movie writer and the ordeals he has with the outside world. To explain anymore of that would be utterly painful.

Being John Malkovich - 1999

	Now this is just friggan wacky. 

	I guess this movie deals with our struggle to figure out who we are, who we want to be, and the...mystical journey...in between..or something I dunno... 

	John Malkovich (the real life name of the famous actor [Con Air, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy]) plays himself who other people can enter this hole in the wall to play him in a movie as they act as actors but can act as John Malkovich in this movie who he is playing himself in this movie but people enter his head as actors on screen to play an actor who is playing himself as if in real life but on screen at the same time............

	.....help.....  		...need Ritalin...

Brazil - 1985

	Isn't it great how frighteningly accurate fiction can predict reality? In this dystopian world technological automation and bureaucracy work about as good as cats burying turds on a frozen lake. Just to sum up, a man is torn from his family during the Christmas season because someone in the long chain of information handlers messed up his name with a terrorist of a similar one.

	The story then follows a man as he tries to get to the bottom of it all. Really weird and hard to follow. I just watched it and I think I just lost two hours and fifteen minutes of my life.

	At least there's a woman wearing a shoe for a hat! Great stuff!

CUBE - 1997

	Now THIS movie and the subsequent two sequels could not be more appropriate for a catagory like "Psycho-Thriller"!!

	A group of people wake up in a prison cube. It is actually one of many cubes, some of which hold grizzly traps like flesh-dissolving acid and hundreds of human-swiss-cheese spikes.

	No one, including the audience, finds out why they were put there, what they are supposed to do (other than not die), or how to get out...if they are even intended to...

	With such lack of explaination, we the audience are invited to explore the depths of the human psyche as we watch the breakdown of civil-social order as paranoia, desperation, and fear set in. 

	A MUST SEE!!!

HyperCUBE - 2002

	Alrighty! In this one the most notable thing is that the prisoners are wearing regurlar civilain clothing. Also, the cubes are not the industrial appearence from the last film but more like an ultra-technological rendering of the theoretical hypercube, which is a cube within a cube in space-time. Weird stuff.

	Anyway, another group of victims wake up and begin to explore whatever is going on. Same premise: no one know how they got there, why, what to do, or how to get out. Now the rooms themselves are the traps as this theoretical hypercube which can only exist on paper and has somehow been constructed bends space and time, usually (and quite entertainingly) in some radically lethal ways. Whoo!

CUBE Zero - 2004

	The latest and unfortunately last of the trilogy....which...would...make it a trilogy...deals not only with prisoners inside the cube but observations from technicians working there also. You'd think we'd finally be told just what the hell such a maniacal death prison is doing in existance but...no.

	A great first death scene starts out the movie which does a great fade cut to the moniter of a technician watching and recording the "subjects". The two technicians discuss the people in the cube and about their own roles and the prisoners inside.

	This is a really good movie because it deals with the sensation of an out-of-control, near infinate hierarchy with absolute power. I mean, if the sight of liquefying human flesh already scares you, the thought that the psychotic boss of someone's boss of someone's boss of someone's boss of someone's boss is ordering all of this chaotic horror to take place without question or protest would make you shit your pants!

Cypher - 2002

	STOP READING THIS AND WATCH THIS MOVIE RIGHT NOW!!

	Cypher EPITOMIZES the Psycho-Thriller genre with outstanding visuals, great performances by ALL actors, and a fanTASTIC plot-line that sucks you into the story...and whips you right back with a sledgehammer twist ending!

Dark City - 1998

	A really freaky movie that one should probably not trip on acid while viewing because just watching makes you feel like you're tripping anyway.

	Set in a world of perpetual night, a man finds that he is able to view the world as strange people do through the use of collective conciouseness.

	After uncovering many things about this strange world and relentlessly being chased by these creatures, he rips open a crazy, crazy twist in the movie that will leave you speachless.

	Oh and William Hurt's in this one, too! No ass though. Sorry :(

Dead Mans Shoes - 2004

	This is a really under-budget film. It looks like someone grabbed their friends, a camcorder, and a script written on a napkin.

	Unless you enjoy revenge flicks, I don't think you're going to like this much.

	Some guy comes home to seek revenge on a gang that abused and tormented his retarded brother. I lost interest quickly with the 50 bucks it took to make this film.

Donnie Darko - 2001

	I've watched this movie now three times now and I still don't know what the hell is going on.

	A high-school student is tormented by premonitions of the end of the world. He starts to research time travel...and...I just don't know.

	Good luck.

Eraserhead - 1977

	Wow. I don't know why this is in here. This movie is more weird than entertaining. Well, it's more SICKENING than a mind fuck. Plus, it's that old 1950s production feel so I didn't bother watching this straight through but it doesn't take long to see that this movie was made with the intention of freaking out and sickening the audience. 

	If you like acid, you'll like this.

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind - 2004

	Is your number still 911? AAAAALLLLLrighty THEN!

	Jim Carrey and his girlfriend break up. His girlfriend has her memory erased so she doesn't have to think of him. He goes and gets the same procedure.

	Hilarity ensues.

eXistenZ - 1999

	This movie couldn't be anymore psychotic.

	As the name would suggest, this movie deals with the perception of reality and virtual reality, or in this case, delusional reality...I made that up...

	A game designer is testing her new game with a focus group when she is attacked by what seems is an assassin with a really weird pistol. Of course, with most of the movies in this little genre/folder, there is a surprise twist ending...or two.

Fight Club - 1999

	When I saw the previews for this I thought it was just another dumb jock movie. Man, I was way off...

	Edward Norton is a man stuck in his life. Bored and depressed, he suffers from insomnia and sees his doctor who tells him to check out a support group where real suffering is happening.

	He soon meets Tyler Durden and is shown how to change his life through Fight Club.

	I don't want to say more. This is just a great movie for the psycho-thriller-minded people like myself. A lot of inuendos and psychological craziness.

	I have seen this movie one hundred THOUSAND times!!

Frailty - 2001

	Quite a Psycho-thriller here. 

	Matthew McCounighyw... McConigle... McCarnegie?... that guy from Contact? walks into a detective's office and spills the beans about his crazy father (Bill Paxton) who thought he was charged by God to slay demons and stuff.

	This movie deals with the social interactions of three people who are forced into a life of murder in the name of God and how their relationships grow or deteriorate.

	Again, a nice little twist at the end.

Identity - 2003

	Too many crazy fucks in the world, I tell ya.

	Several people converge on a motel in a torrential downpour. They are an eclectic bunch with no seemingly obvious connections...until they start being brutally murdered and it's realized they are all born on the same date.

	Turns out there was a murderer loose AWWWWWW! I gave it away! Shucks...

In the Mouth of Madness - 1994

	This feels like a "made for tv movie" kind of thing from the 80s but it's actually pretty good.

	That guy from Event Horizon and Jurrasic Park recounts some very bizarre happenings while in a mental institution.

	In a small fictional town called Hobbs End located somewhere in my home state of New Hampshire (NH RULES!!), there are demonic powers at work giving real life power to the world of a fictional book. As the pages turn, so does the story.

	Obviously.

Jacob's Ladder - 1990

	To describe Jacob's Ladder would be to do a triple backflip somersault and land penis first into Sharon Stone's butt. But I can do such things so stand back.

	During the Vietnam war our ever-loving government experimented with all kinds of hideous drugs and mind control techniques on it's own soldiers. Then someone made a movie called Jacob's Ladder!

	A soldier (Tim Robbins) is stabbed by an unseen attacker. As he is exfilled to medical triage, he begins having hallucinations of memories. Now I don't know how to explain this anymore without giving the whole fucking plot away but his hallucinations are pretty much conjured up and not particularlly memories of anything.

	You'll see. It's just a friggan weird movie because you think it's a typical Vietnam flashback ordeal of a movie until some unearthly creatures and hellish nightmares start afflicting him. Good luck.

Lost Highway - 1997

	Okay...Lonestar from Spaceballs plays a saxophonist who recieves video tapes of his home and eventual murder of his girlfriend.

	He is sent to a death row prison but just a short time after he arrives a guard finds that someone completely different is in the cell.

	This movie is open for interpretation since it doesn't explain much and is pretty confusing. You think things are about to be explained, but...no. I couldn't give away the plot if I wanted to...

Lucky Number Slevin - 2006

	Pretty boy Josh Hartnett and Lieutenant McLain star in what seems to be a case of mistaken identity as two crime bosses use Hartnett in scemes to get even with each other...


		...but they're just being played all along...

Memento - 2000

	An interesting tale of a psychotic brain problem. See, this guy can't remember anything day to day, kinda like that movie Clean Slate! That was a good one!

	Anyway, the movie is pretty interesting in that it tells the story both forwards and backwards.

Mr. Brooks - 2007

	So, the worst "Robin of Loxely" ever is a well respected business man who also has an addiction to killing. He has been successful for so long to keep this a secret...until now! Uh oh!

	And geuss who's also in this?! William Hurt! Again! But again, no ass >:O

Mulholland Drive - 2001

	Another one of those movies that is friggan hard to figure out.

	This movie just revolves around the stories of a few people with strange, suspenseful events.

	Not much of a description but...whatever.

Naked Lunch - 1991

	DO NOT DO DRUGS AND WATCH THIS

	...I don't even know where to start...

	Uh...ok...so, the story follows a man as he decends into madness after killing his wife.

	Weird creatures talk to him, actually giving him assignments...yeah...his typewriter transforms...crazy. Just, no drugs.

Oldboy - 2003

	This is a pretty damn good movie that deals with the psychology of a man who has been pushed to the limits when he is imprisoned for years without any explanation. When he's released the rest of the film is about him trying to figure out why he was imprisoned in the first place. It might throw a few people off as it dawns on them about what this is all about because of cultural differences.

	You'll see what I mean.

	There's a funny part when he's holding the hammer behind the guy in the chair.

	*chtk-chtk-chtk-chtk-chtk-chtk-chtk-chtk-chtk-chtk-ding!*

One Hour Photo - 2002

	A movie about a lonely psychopath. Something about this seems familiar...

	...my life? Nah.

	Mrs. Doubtfire stars as a maladjusted middle-aged lonely photo developer who's been making a collection of copied photo's of a family he's adored for years.

	He's somewhat content in his life until his obsession grows beyond the boundry of sanity and...well, I guess if he's at this point it's already insane...but...you know. He's crazy. you're crazy. I'm crazy. This movie's crazy.

One Point 0 - 2004

	Another dystopian paradise! Gotta love'em!

	Simon is a computer programmer who's life starts unravelling as a conspiracy begins to unfold around him. Or is it? Maybe, maybe not. Or MAYBE SO!!

Pi - 1998

	It's either a movie with a plot that will drive you insane or a plot in a movie with an insane person...

	Max is a computer and math genius and as we all know those kinds of people are one Lucky Charm short of a Fruit Loop.

	He's built a super-computer to try and figure out patterns in the stock market, in nature, even to life itself.

	But one day it grows self-aware AND TRANSFORMS INTO A FLYING DEATH ROBOT RUNNING AROUND PERFORMING SEX CHANGES! LOOK OUT! HERE IT COMES! AAAARRRGGHH!!!!

Pink Floyd The Wall - 1979

	This is by far a legendary classic that deserves to go down in history as one of the most profound psychological movies ever!

	Carefully crafted and scripted, symbolism and metaphor describe the titular artist's life from birth to his "moment of clarity" through beautiful song and verse. Note: the real life band is named Pink Floyd but the movie portrays a fictional account of a singer named Pink Floyd...or perhaps Floyd Pinkerton if you look closely enough.

	The movie is rich with metaphor as it ventures into the darkest pits of the human psyche and describes the innevitable destruction we cause when we build "walls" around ourselves for protection from a harsh world...and closing off any good that can come in or out.

	I'm gonna do you a HUGE favor: If you like this movie then go to this website and email this man some mega thanks for his work.
 	http://www.thewallanalysis.com/

	I have seen THIS movie one-hundred M-I-L-L-I-O-N times!!

Primal Fear - 1996

	Richard Gere and Ed Norton stomp a mudhole in the asses of every Hollywood hack to ever slither the Hills with their awesome acting in this movie.

	Little Eddy plays a little alter boy who's been...well, what happens to little alter boys? Anyway, he snaps............INTO A SLIM JIM!!!
	
	Just watch this. It'll make you laugh, make you cry, make you pimp-slap your sister, etc...

Primer - 2004

	Here's another low-budget, camcorder-and-napkin-script movie. Although it is low-budget, it is a pretty decent movie to watch.

	These guys build......something...and...stuff happens. While they're trying to figure it all out, they find their fun little sex toy of sorts is too valuable and important to make public. So they resort to CANNIBALISM!!!	...wait...wtf....? That doesn't make any sense! Who's writing these Descriptions?!

	Anyhow, as they experiment with..."it"...we are sent on a romantic journey of two friends who have lost faith in each other. With no trust and no bond between them, they have no choice but to resort to CANNIBALISM!!!

Rashomon - 1950...yeah

	In ancient Japan, a woman is raped and her husband killed. The film gives us four viewpoints of the incident - one for each witness - each revealing a little more detail. Which version, if any, is the real truth about what happened ? Written by Colin Tinto {cst@imdb.com}

	Yep. I pretty much just stole that from imbd.com. Ain't I a stinker?

Requiem for a Dream - 2000

	This is a very interesting movie that portrays four people havinganorgy who have drug dependancies and they Ilovesubliminalmessages try to raise each other up only to come crashing down on top of each other.







					Poop.






Revolver - 2005

	This has that silly "Ocean's 11" feel to it.

	This dude plays this other dude in poker, beats him, and humiliates him.

	Well, that other dude turned out to be none other than The Incredible Hulk! The Hulk gets super pissed and goes after the first dude cause he was all butt hurt about getting laughed at. So the first dude has to team up with two brothers, Batman and Robin, for protection and to ultimately bring the Hulk to a most deserved justice. League! HULK SMASH!!

Scanners - 1981

	Well, this is the movie with the iconic "exploding head scene".

	Back in the real-life 1950s a drug called thalidomide was given to many pregnant women, most of them Canadian, to ease pregnancy pains which caused severe birth defects similar to the Chernobyl disaster.

	In the movie, a drug called Ephemerol which is administered for the same reasons turns out to create these "SCanners" every so often. They are people with extraordinary telepathic powers and most are being recruited by a very bad cat named Steve Urkel who has ambitions to take over the world.

	A lone scanner is taken in by the other side and trained for a pretty damn cool showdown at the end.

Session 9 - 2001

	Very creepy and open-ended.

	It's hard to tell what's going on even after the ending.

	An asbestos abatement team begin work in an insane asylum. As the movie draws out strange and disturbing things start to unfold as tensions rise between the men.

	It leaves you wondering if the asylum is possessed by a demon or if the men themselves are possessed. Going on, it could just be the fragile human psyche that is possessed and constantly terrorized by demons.

Spellbound - 1945 WTF?!

	A peculiar Alfred Hitchcock story....that was redundant....that portrays the other side of the sanity when a man who takes over as head of a mental hospital is believed to be an imposter. He goes on the run with a sexy doctor who tries to cure his erections...uh, problems when it slowly dawns on her that he might be in need of more help than she thought.

Spider - 2002

	Another wacky movie for the Psycho-Thriller genre.

	A man is trying to piece his life back together while under institutionalized care because of the death of his mother when he was a young boy.

	Kind of a long, drawn out movie. Seems like they coulda put in a little bit more for the plot but it still works out with a twist at the end.

Spun - 2002

	This is a really scummy movie about serious drug use and the dregs that are protrayed.

	Not much of a plot really. It's simply a follow-the-action kind of movie as drug dealers and drug buyers go about business in the seediest of communities.

Synechdoche, New York - 2008

	Check this movie out when you get a second because it's really good at displaying our problem with solving real world issues when we can't tell what is real and what is play.

	A man is given the MacArthur grant to work on a creative masterpiece. What turns out is an epic work that replicates New York and the lives of its inhabitants. Eventually he becomes disillusioned and failure becomes a constant problem.

The 13th Floor - 1999

	This movie got beat out by The Matrix. They both deal with parallel worlds through computer controlled or computer generated programs but The Matrix was just more kick-ass that's all...except for the third one. WTF?!

	A computer scientist is murdered before he is able to reveal a stunning truth about the existence of his simulated world to his freind and colleague. 

	The other dude starts investigating what is happening. When he tries to retrieve a letter for him left in the simulated world he's attacked by the man who was to hold onto it claiming a very strange truth he discovered after reading the letter.

	...but nothing in this psycho folder is as it seems...

The Butterfly Effect - 2004

	Ashton Kutcher, or "Kooch", plays a traumatized dork who wrote down all of the black outs he had been experiencing since he was a child.

	When he reads from his little black book of black outs (tee hee), we find out that Ashton Kutcher has the power to travel back in time and punch himself in the face! For real!

The Fountain - 2006

	I haven't actually seen this yet since there's a zillion movies in here but it seems like this would be a really remarkable movie.

	After reading a synopsis it seems there are three intertwined stories spanning a millenia about love and the desire for immortality.

The Game - 1997

	Michael Douglass stars in this David Fincher film as a loner who's only company is his profession. After seeking some outside entertainment for once he is thrown into a very strange and disturbing set of twists and surprises that are simply part of "the game".

The Illusionist - 2006

	A young man in ancient Rome....wait a minute...1900s Vienna?...yeah...that place...falls in love with a young woman who is, like, totally out of his league and stuff? And he's all like, "I love you!", and she's like, "No way!"...or something.

	Anyway, after becoming a magician and travelling the world he comes back years later only to find that she's had to marry a king or something and now she's locked up in the tower with the evil dragon!

	So this dude uses his precise power of perfected prestidigitation to properly pronounce a bunch of words that start with the letter P and free his girlfriend from the king's evil clutches!

The Jacket - 2005

	This is kinda sick.

	A Gulf War vet is wrongly charged with the murder of a cop, sentenced to a criminal asylum, and is put through a disturbing type of therapy where he is bound in a straight jacket and slid into a morgue drawer.

	While he's in the drawer he has visions of the future and yada yada yada...I'm trying to eat my dinner right now.

The Killing Room - 2009

	This friggan movie is nuts! It starts with a "bang" and ends with a twist.

	Four people sign up for a paid research study which turns out to be a government program. It's a spin off of the MK Ultra experiments decades ago (see Jacob's Ladder...) where subjects are conditioned to become.....



	....circus midgets!



	No, really, this movie is really good. Check it, yo.

The Number 23 - 2007

	I came to confess: I was the second gunman on the grassy knoll!

	You know, it's hard watching Jim Carrey in an ultra serious role after growing up with his Ventura, Dumber, and Liar roles still fresh in mind.

	He plays a guy who becomes obsessed with the number 69 and finds a book recounting many similarities in his own life.

	The movie tries to portray this near omnicient importance of the number like dividing will give you .666 or other things but they really stretch it with things like this chick who's about to hang herself complaining about the letters of her favorite color add up and stuff.

	Just weird. Also some cringe factor when you see the Pet Detective's ass...

The Others - 2001

	Nicole Kidman is damn sexy.

	She also stars in this movie as a lonely housewife with her two children. She soon seeks the company of men by the way of adult internet websites.

	She thinks her house is haunted when these servents show up because lots of freaky deaky weirdness starts to happen....but of course there's a twist...

The Prestige - 2006

	That's weird.

	Just like "The Illusionist" this is about prestidigitation, it also came out in 2006, and it's also set in the 1900s. Reminds me of Deep Impact and Armagheddon...but those movies sucked balls.

	Two friends turn enemies when one uses his skill to peep at the other guy's girlfriend while she showers. A bitter rivalry ensues.

The Salton Sea - 2002

	Another drug movie and the seedy people in it. Pretty good when the movie first starts and it explains a brief history of meth.

The Sixth Sense - 1999

	I see dumb people. And I also see this is the only decent movie made by M. Night Shlamallamannamalla.

	A boy can see spirits and is being helped by a child psychologist. Pretty good twist at the end.

The Usual Suspects - 1995

	This is pretty damn good.

	A detective (Chazz Palmisharry) questions a gang heist suspect (Kevin Spaceheater) about his involvement in a recent crime.

	The entire movie is played through his dialogue as he explains in great detail an extraordinary story of him and a gang he was working with.

	The end of the movie will kick the shit out of you with the twist ending.

Total Recall - 1990

	Howdy, stranger! This is Hauser.

	Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a construction worker who dreams of going to Mars. He finds out about a way to visit Mars on a trip without actually going by implanting memories with a company called Recall.

	He flips out as they put him under to implant the memories. Whatever the technicians did has him in a fury. The manager runs in and accuses the technicians of screwing up.

	Now whatever your name is...get ready for the BIG surprise.

	...They never got a chance to implant anything!

	Plus, there's a girl with three boobs!

Vanilla Sky - 2001

	Tom Cruise is a wealthy megalomaniac who falls in love with a girl. When trying to find out her identity, his own reality begins to fall apart.

	Interesting movie in that it deals with altered states of reality...kinda like that movie Altered States! That's in here, too! Awesome.

Videodrome - 1983

	Freakish, freakish movie.

	A low-brand tv station manager is out for the next best thing, usually shocking or erotic.

	He soon discovers Videodrome, a broadcast of real and horrific sceens of brutallity.

	As he begins to obsess over it, he has hallucinations that impair his judgement of reality.

	Boobs.

Waking Life - 2001

	A man is trying to figure out the difference between dream and wake. Along the way his psyche is challanged to questions involving the universe, reality, and the meaning of life.

	And boobs.

What Dreams May Come - 1998

	Interesting little movie in where Robin Williams plays a fortunate doctor of a happy marriage and a beautiful family as an ill-fated car accident leaves his wife without her family.

	She commits suicide and he finds this out as he is travelling through the afterlife in a rich, lush heaven suited just for his joy. He wishes for nothing more to be reunited with his wife but she has commited the ultimate sin and is doomed to hell.

DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS DESCRIPTIONS!!!!!!

Alright! All done. FINALLY.

Finished at 0417 06JUN10 using IMBD and Wikipedia for movies that I haven't had a chance to watch yet.

IF YOU WISH TO ADD ANY MOVIES TO THIS, FEEL FREE. IF YOU WISH TO TRANSLATE THIS INTO ANOTHER LANGUAGE, FEEL FREE. ALL I ASK IS THAT YOU LEAVE THE FORMAT INTACT AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE. I put a lot of time into writing these descriptions, especially in an entertaining way. Plus, I had to spend a lot of time reading reviews for ones I haven't seen.