Season 10 of The Red Green Show, ripped from the 2000 season DVD set. This is the fourth of five seasons to be released on DVD.

This includes the following episodes:


A Very Merry Red Green Christmas - 60 Minute Special

Sausage Envy - The boys do their wurst for the Possum Lake Sausage Carnival. 

Foster Child - Red learns that the Lodge has a foster child who's coming to spend the weekend with him.

What A Dump - The Lodge proposes itself to the city of Toronto as an ideal place to dump garbage.

Winston's Wedding - Winston needs Red's help in planning his wedding - he has everything except the bride.

Man Of The Year - The guys at the Lodge nominate a man who doesn't exist, as Possum Lake's Man Of The Year, hoping to win a new fishing boat. 

Survivor - A toxic cloud in the area forces Red to stay locked in the Lodge for a few days.

Historic Site - Red and Mike try to save the Lodge by having it declared a historical site. 

Twinning - Possum Lodge twins with the state of Iowa and Red stays back to host the 500 visiting Americans.

Lunar Eclipse - The men try to recapture their youth by watching a lunar eclipse together, just like they did thirty-five years ago.

Barter Starter - Red, Dalton and Winston trade somewhat valuable items to each other for the weekend but it doesn't work out so well for Dalton. 

Out Of The Woods - Red and Ed trap a large animal roaming the woods at night.

Cheap Jeep - Red sends away for an army surplus jeep that shows up in kit form.

DNA All The Way - A rich eccentric passes away and everyone tries to prove they're related to him.

Who Wants To Be A Smart Guy - Dalton represents the Lodge as a contestant on a tv trivia game show.

The Beaver Dam - Possum Lake is rising because the beavers have built a dam across the river running out of it. 

The Dandruff Foundation - The men find a charity for the Lodge to affiliate with as way of avoiding taxes and receiving government grants.

Damn You Emu - Dalton starts an emu ranch and gets Red to help him out. 

No Duct Tape - Everyone panics when the Lodge runs out of duct tape and the local hardware store is back-ordered. 


Enjoy and keep seeding!		

