Slutty Girls Love Rocco (2010) 
 
http://www.bargainadultdvd.com/action/product.asp?product=1554628&partner_id=10008495 
http://www.adultdvdnow.com/dvd/Slutty_Girls_Love_Rocco_91012.html

Studio  Evil Angel 
Release Date  Nov 02, 2010 
Category  All Sex, Anal, Threesomes & More 
Director  Rocco Siffredi 
Starring  Lexi Belle, Denis Marti, Mike Angelo, Angelica Heart, Cathy, Kate Pearl, Christian Devil, Carina, Donna Belle, Evanni Solea, Penelope Tiger, Rocco Siffredi 

Superstar XXX director Rocco Siffredi's latest release proves again that Slutty Girls Love Rocco. In the movie's two most incendiary scenes they get to love not just the molten sexual vibe his direction creates, but the studly service of ...    Full DescriptionRocco's prodigious cock. After blonde Carina proposes to her butch construction worker girlfriend Cathy, Rocco seduces Carina into sucking his cock and fucking him. When Cathy surprises them, Rocco seduces her too, inviting her to smell Carina's sweat on him and suggesting that Cathy wants the same thing. Sure enough, Cathy deep-throats Rocco's rod with a smile. Busty blonde Donna Belle impresses Rocco by not wearing panties with her black fishnet tights. She sucks Rocco's cock until he fucks her, and then the camera focuses on brunette vixen Angelica Heart, who plays with a dildo in her pussy as Donna sucks Denis Marti. Denis takes on both sluts before blowing his load across the girls' faces. Mr. Marti is among the studs deputized by Rocco for the movie's remaining scenes: Mike Angelo's tryst with Penelope Tiger is interrupted by blonde teen Kate Pearl peeping at them through a window. When Mike chases her down, Kate drops to her knees and sucks him, so he brings her back for a threesome. Mike nails both sluts and cums on their faces. Pert Lexi Belle blows soap bubbles to distract Christian Devil from his martial arts workout with trainer hot black chick Evanni Solei. When Lexi wants a workout of her own, Christian peels off Lexi's clothes off and fucks her to squealing. The camera is close and the action is searing as the director/stud does what he does best, behind the camera and in front. And no matter where the cuties in this movie's international cast come from, these Slutty Girls Love Rocco.
