File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Whenever I Say Your Name" is a duet between singers Sting and Mary J. Blige. The song is the second single from Sting's studio album Sacred Love. It was not originally included on Mary J. Blige's sixth studio album Love & Life but was later added to the album's international re-release. The single was the third and final non-US single from Love & Life. The track was released in late 2003, only peaking at #60 in the UK, meaning that the song became Sting's lowest charting single since "They Dance Alone" reached #94 in 1988. It also became Mary J. Blige's smallest hit there since the first release of "Real Love" in 1992.  Despite the song's lack of commercial success, it did win the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals for music released in 2003.

The song is easily among the most complex works Sting has authored. It is composed in f-sharp minor, using half dimished chords right from the first Verse. The Chorus section is heavily reminiscent of Mozart's Requiem, with its cycle-of-fifths progression and mostly unresolved harmonies. In terms of chord structure, no Sting song comes closer to Classical Music than "Whenever I say your name".

Sacred Love is the seventh studio album by Sting. The album was released on 30 September 2003. The album featured racier beats and experiments collaborating with hip-hop artist Mary J. Blige and sitar player Anoushka Shankar. Some songs like "Inside" and "Dead Man's Rope" were well received; and Sting had experimented with new sounds, in particular the more rock-influenced "This War".

Sting adapted the first quatrain of William Blake's Auguries of Innocence for the first four sung lines of "Send Your Love".

The music also bears huge relevance to Sting's autobiography Broken Music.

Sting's collaboration with Blige, "Whenever I Say Your Name", won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals at the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004.

Mary Jane Blige (surname pronounced /ˈblaɪʒ/; born January 11, 1971), also known as Mary J. Blige, is an American recording artist, record producer, and actress. A recipient of nine Grammy Awards and many other honors, Blige has recorded eight multi platinum albums and is known as "the queen of hip-hop soul" for blending elements of soul, funk, R&B and rap in her music.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

