Blur (c) Activision

Protection ....: SecuROM v7.41.0004

Date ..........: May 2763  Number of Discs ...........: 1

GAME NOTES

Blur is  the  ultimate  powered-up  racing  experience,
dropping you into electrified action with a mass  of  cars
targeting the finish line and battling each other as  they
trade paint in both single player and multiplayer  action.
Travel the globe from L.A. and San Francisco to Spain, the
UK and more to take on the best the streets have to offer.
Utilize an arsenal of power-ups like nitro  speed  boosts,
shock attacks, efensive shields,  and  landmines  to  beat
your rivals across the finish line.  You  choose  how  and
when to use your arsenal of powerups for  ultimate  impact
in a race where the outcome is never certain. In Blur  the
storyline plays out in the single  player  campaign.  Here
players assume the role of an up-and-coming racer  who  is
looking to make a name  for  himself  in  the  underground
racing scene, but the competition is fierce. As  you  take
on the series of races, you'll meet a bunch  of  recurring
characters. Some  of  these  characters  will  be  rivals,
others perhaps will  act  as  mentors,  and  some  may  be
something else entirely. The only thing that is certain in
the world of Blur is that in a race there are winners  and
losers, and racers will do anything to  reach  the  finish
line first.

INSTALL NOTES

Unpack
Burn or mount
Install
Copy the crack from ViTALiTY folder
Die like the rest

ascii
x/titan


Operating System : Microsoft Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor : Intel Pentium D at 3.4 Ghz or equivalent AMD
Video Card : 256 MB VRAM – with Shader Model 3.0 support. (nVidia GeForce 6600GT or better / ATI Radeon 1600XT or better)
Memory : 1 GB RAM (XP) / 2 GB RAM (Vista & 7)
Hard Disk : 14 GB of free Hard Drive space
Sound : DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card
Direct X : 9.0c
Controls : Keyboard & Mouse
Installation : DVD-ROM Drive
Internet : Broadband connection required for Multiplayer Connectivity

Recommended System Requirements:

Operating System : Microsoft Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor : Intel Pentium Core 2 Duo at 2.0 Ghz or equivalent AMD
Video Card : 256 MB VRAM (nVidia GeForce 7800GT / ATI Radeon 1800XT)
Memory : 2 GB RAM (All OS)
Hard Disk : 14 GB of free Hard Drive space
Sound : DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card
Direct X : 9.0c
Controls : Keyboard & Mouse
Installation : DVD-ROM Drive
Internet : Broadband connection required for Multiplayer Connectivity

