Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Always and Forever" is a 1976 R&B song written by Rod Temperton and first recorded by the British-based multinational funk-disco band Heatwave. The song is included on Heatwave's debut album Too Hot to Handle and has been covered by numerous artists.

Among many artists who have recorded versions of "Always and Forever" is the American R&B vocal group Whistle, who released their single in 1990 from their album of the same name. Their take on the song made the top ten on the Billboard R&B chart, peaking at #9, while also cracking the top of the Hot 100 at #35. R&B-pop vocalist Luther Vandross released his cover of "Always and Forever" as the second single from his 1994 album, Songs. His recording earned him a Grammy Award nomination in the category Best Male R&B Vocal performance at the Grammy Awards of 1995 and placed on four Billboard charts, with its best showing on the R&B chart where it reached #16. Vandross' single made the Hot 100 at #58 and also appeared on Billboard adult contemporary and rhythmic top 40 charts.

Other singers who have recorded the song include Diana Ross, Johnny Mathis, Kenny Rogers, The Four Tops, Alexander O'Neal, Silk, Raze and Chocolate Puma.

Songs the ninth studio album (tenth overall) by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross, released on September 27, 1994 on Epic Records. It produced the singles "Endless Love", "Always and Forever", and "Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now". According to an interview both Luther and Mariah Carey had in Japan following their release of "Endless Love", there was mention that Carey had given advice as to what songs Vandross would cover in this album.

Songs earned Vandross four nominations at the 1995 Grammy Awards—Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for "Love the One You're With", Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals for "Endless Love", Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for "Always and Forever", and Best R&B Album.

Luther Ronzoni Vandross (April 20, 1951 – July 1, 2005) was an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter, and record producer. During his career, Vandross sold over twenty-five million albums and won eight Grammy Awards including Best Male R&B Vocal Performance four times. He won four Grammy Awards in 2004 including the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for the track "Dance with My Father", co-written with Richard Marx.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

