DESCRIPTION:- 

REAL PLAYER 11 BETA:-

RealPlayer 11 beta gives you the ability to download videos from thousands of Web sites with just one click. Watch them whenever and wherever you want. Find the Internet Video youre looking for, and Real it in. Download Internet videos with one click, build your own video playlists, or burn your favorite videos to CD or DVD with RealPlayer Plus.

Version 11 beta adds the ability to download streaming audio and video from the Internet, among other features and fixes.



ITUNES 9:-

During Apple’s music event, the company said that many of the interface changes in iTunes 9—besides the new “shinier” chrome finish, I assume—were designed to make the program easier to use and to make it easier to figure out how to get your media. For example, if you don’t have a type of media—say, music—iTunes no longer displays an empty list. Instead, you see a screen that explains how to get music—download it from the iTunes Store or import it from your CDs—along with links to the Store and to tutorial videos. (There’s no mention of Amazon MP3, eMusic, or other services, of course.)

Assuming you’ve already got content in your iTunes Library, you’ll see a progress dialog on the initial launch of iTunes 9 as the program updates your iTunes library. (The new version may also update your Genius information; more on that below.) Then you can dig into the new media-browsing features. For example, the Column Browser view now lets you choose between having the browser on top (the pre-9 approach, with the track list below the browser) or on the left (with the track list to the right). The new on-the-left setting gives you a narrower track list that shows fewer columns, but if you have a large iTunes library, it lets you view more items in each column as you browse—a welcome improvement. You can also choose which columns to browse by: any one, two, or three of genres, artists, albums, composers, or groupings.

There are also minor interface changes that will trip up some users. For example, the green “resize” button in the upper left corner of the iTunes window no longer toggles between Mini Player and standard mode; it now zooms the window larger or smaller, just as it does in other programs. (You can still activiate Mini Player mode by Option-clicking on the green button, pressing a keyboard shortcut, or choosing a menu command.) And in Grid view, the header—which lets you change the grid groupings (by artist, album, genre, or composer) and adjust the album-cover size—is disabled by default; you must enable it in the View menu.

Finally, it’s worth noting that because it now does so many things, iTunes’s interface is becoming more complex. For example, there are now six sections—Library, Store, Devices, Shared, Genius, and Playlist—in the sidebar, each of which contains its own sub-items, and each of those displays its content in the main part of the window. While Apple has indeed made progress in simplifying some aspect’s of iTunes’s operation, it’s no longer the dead-simple program the company once touted it to be.


MEDIA JUKEBOX 12:-

 More features, more power, easier to use, and now FREE.
   The new MEDIA JUKEBOX 12.

Best file organization of any digital music jukebox
Connect your iPod or PlaysForSure device
Play all popular music files, and audio podcasts
Rip, Burn and Encode to multiple formats
Create custom Playlists and Smartlists
Extensive Tagging capabilities
Automatic CD, Album art and Track look-up
Built-in music services, including the new Amazon MP3 store
Full speed Ripping and Burning
Powerful EQ, DSP and audio effects
Print custom CD labels and covers



SONGBIRD 1.4:-

A media player supporting podcast, radio, library, music stores and much more

Songbird is a media player capable of playing both video and audio files. Songbird has support for library, radio, podcast, network services and devices, music stores and web search.

Songbird makes a desktop media player called the Songbird Player. Qtrax licensed the Songbird Player, added the Qtrax brand, changed the look, and then integrated the Qtrax advertising supported music download service.

If you speak geek, Songbird is a software platform providing open API's to allow seamless integration of devices and services into a desktop media player using markup, Javascript, CSS and other Web developer tools.


Requirements:

· Windows XP SP1 OR HIGHER VERSION(FOR SONGBIRD XP SP2), Windows Vista
· At least 512 MB of physical RAM
· 1.5 GHz Pentium 4 or comparable
· 16 bit sound card (Recommended: 32 bit Sound Card)
· Speakers or headphones



----------------BY SANDY---------------

ENJOY THE BEST SOUND WITH BEST PLAYER.

DON'T FORGET TO SEED.