NetTransport 2.86.464 - J.O. Edition
Original Program Author's website: http://xi-soft.com/

-----------------------------

Release Notes:

1. I know that as of now I've only been releasing patches for the Vista 32 Bit version but I have already written the code for a full generic 2.xx patch that'll work with both the versions and I'm just too lazy to implement it in my actual release. Sorry =/. For now you'll have to live with only having the 32 bit version or use some other patch.

2. I've also done my gBurner 2.7 patch but I'm lazy on that too. Get on my ass about it on SuprBay, pm me or something, and I'll release it.

-----------------------------

Install Instructions

1. Install NetTransport 2.86.464 normally using the install package provided (NXSetup_Vista(x86).exe) or downloaded from: (http://xi-soft.com/downloads/NXSetup_Vista(x86).zip) <-- both the same file if you downloaded this from TPB

2. Run the patch "NetTransport v2.86.464 Patch.exe"

   a. Click "Patch Program" and it will either automatically find NetTransport.exe and patch it or it will ask you where it is to open it. Find NetTransport.exe and you're good to go =D!

   b. Type in your name and click "Register Username" to use your name in the About box

3. Enjoy ;o)

-----------------------------

Description

"Net Transport" (also called NetTransport or NetXfer) is a faster, exciting and the most powerful downloading manager that you ever saw, now supports the most pop Internet protocols, including:

HTTP / HTTPS 

FTP / over SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) / over SSH (Secure Shell) 

MMS (Microsoft Media Services) 

RTSP (Real-Time Streaming Protocol) 

BitTorrent 

eMule 

RTMP (Real Time Messaging Protocol) 
 
 

News

Version 2.86 improved the transmission performance for SFTP; improved RTMP protocol according to Adobe official specification.

Develop History

Net Transport 2.86 (Aug 16, 2009)

Improved the transmission performance for SFTP significantly. 
Fixed a bug that program would clear task list. When loading task database file, program probably regarded MMS tasks as Real ones under certain condition. 
Fixed a bug that DHT and KAD opened the same port. 
Improved RTMP protocol according to Adobe official specification. 
Fixed a bug that "URL-Sniffer" got incomplete URL when parsing RTMP protocol. 
Fixed that program would not record MP4 from certain servers via RTMP. 
Enhanced FTP to accept nonstandard reply code from certain servers. 

Net Transport 2.85 (Jun 8, 2009)

Added DHT network support for BT. 
Added options to enable/disable KAD and DHT networks respectively.
 
Net Transport 2.84a (May 18, 2009)

Fixed a bug that program could not parse RTSP protocol from some SMIL scripts. 
Fixed a fatal bug that "Streaming" > "Locate" was not 24h format. 
Fixed a bug for BT that some trackers perhaps crashed program. 

Net Transport 2.84 (May 5, 2009)

Modified that "Decrease" menu of the task would remove the selected connection instead of the last one. 
Added support for more Flash Media Servers. 
Enhanced the combination of partial data files for MP4 to smooth video by comparing more content between two partial parts. 
Modified content of some requests for RTMP protocol. 

Net Transport 2.83 (Apr 15, 2009)

Enhanced the inbuilt "URL-Sniffer" to parse RTMP protocols. The task added by this feature can greatly promote successful chance to record streaming via RTMP. 
Added code to limit the length of the local filename up to 250 bytes. 
Enhanced [MS-RTSP] to recognize more Windows Media Services. 
Fixed a fatal bug that program could not record LIVE streaming via RTMP from some sites.

Net Transport 2.82 (Mar 30, 2009)

Enhanced the inbuilt "URL-Sniffer" to parse MS-MMSP, RTMP protocols. 
Fixed a bug that [MS-RTSP] could not handle this type of ASF header with padding data. 

Net Transport 2.81 (Mar 15, 2009)

Added code to implement that if you use NetTransport first time, respective two toolbars would be put side by side in the "Download" and "Site-Explorer" tabs. 
Enhanced [MS-RTSP] that if the remote server refuses "OPTIONS" method, program would continue to send "DESCRIBE" method. 
Enhanced [MS-MMSP] to record this type of streaming that only older Windows Media Player (WMP6.4) can play. Please choose "NSPlayer/4.1.0.3937" entry from "Task Properties" -> "Other Settings" -> "Streaming" -> "User-Agent". 
Enhanced [MS-WMSP] to decode the "chunked" transfer-coding. 
Fixed a bug that other connections except the first connection could not use the dynamic URL that generated by the task. 
Added code to recognize these type of URLs including only "new line" without "carriage return". 


Other Features

The flexible "Scheduler Manager" is also most powerful item in NetXfer. Even you can record the dynamic URL according to time and save it as your desire filename. 
You can use the inbuilt "URL Sniffer" to catch the real URLs for streaming, Flash, etc. 
You can use the simple but powerful "File Manager" to categorize and manage downloaded files more efficiently. 
Simple multi-user management. You can maintain several databases by logging on Windows with different username. 
You can use the inbuilt "Site Explorer" to list the directory structure of the remote server, and easily select the desired files. FTP is the most powerful item in NetXfer. 
FTP reuse mechanism allows you to use one connection to get different files from the same site. 
The "Multiple Proxies mode" allows you to assign every working thread a different proxy to break certain site restrictions, like only one connection per IP. 
You can adjust the bandwidth usage of Net Transport to ensure surf at the same time. 
Monitor browser click. And you can add links through Internet Explorer extended context menu, or drag links to the "drop zone" window, etc. 
Net Transport can automatically shutdown the system or hang up the modem once all downloads are completed. 
Multilingual support for the user interface. We will be glad if you help us localize NetXfer. 
You can use multi-threads for all streaming protocols to significantly reduce the time of downloads. 
Automatically parse streaming script such as .asx, .smi to acquire real URLs. 
From version 2 on, you can record the clip with range. 
The disk cache buffer can prolong your hard disk life. 
Except eMule, other protocols all support IPv6. Net Transport is ready for IPv6 epoch.
 
Supported OS: Win95 / Win98 / Win98SE / WinME / WinNT4 / Win2000 / WinXP / Win2003 / Vista

Recommend strongly install Internet Explorer 5.01 and above for Windows 95/98/NT.
