Fast & The Furious [2001] DVDRip

Brian O'Conner is a police officer tasked with infiltrating Hollywood's street racing scene, suspected to be the origin of a string of high-speed truck hijackings perpetrated by a trio of black Honda Civics. Brian gets a job at a local shop and works his way up until finally getting an opportunity to compete against elite street racer Dominic Toretto and two other contestants at a large, late-night event. Brian barters his way into the race with the title for his Mitsubishi Eclipse and puts up pinks. He loses the race but gains Toretto's respect when he picks him up after the police arrive and bust the race. After a run-in with Johnny Tran in which the Eclipse is destroyed, Toretto and O'Conner arrive at Toretto's house where there's a party going on. Toretto invites O'Conner in for a beer and then angrily confronts his crew about thier whereabouts during the raid. Toretto points out that it was O'Conner who saved him from being arrested. Vince immediately mistrusts O'Conner and objects to Toretto enviting him. Toretto's younger sister Mia befriends Brian and drives him home.

The next day, Brian's superior voices concern that Toretto might be the source of the hijackings and warns Brian not to let anything cloud his judgement. Soon afterwards, Brian discovers a cache of electronics hidden in the back of Johnny Tran's auto shop, and authorizes the police to raid the garage and Tran's house believing them to be the source of the hijackings. However, a connection is not found. Brian's superior again warns that Toretto is behind the hijackings and tells him that the truckers are about to take matters in their own hands. Running out of time, Brian asks Toretto about how he gets his income, Toretto agrees to reveal the source as long as Brian wins at the upcoming Race Wars, a legitimate closed-track event for auto enthusiasts.

During Race Wars, Toretto's friend Jesse races his imprisoned father's Volkswagen Jetta against Johnny Tran's Honda S2000 for pink slips and loses. In a state of panic, Jesse hastily flees the track instead of surrendering his car. A confrontation between Tran and Toretto ensues with Tran accusing Toretto of being a police informant because his house was just raided. Toretto responds by beating Tran to a bloody pulp. Later that night, Toretto and his gang go out to do another hijacking. Brian confesses to Mia that he is a cop and tells her that the truckers are now armed. He convinces her to come with him to save her brother and his friends. Mia gives Toretto's cell phone number to the cops and they track him down.

During the hijacking, the trucker pulls out a shotgun and shoots Vince in his side. His arm also gets tangled in the grappling hook wire. The other gang members attempt to help but are thwarted. Brian comes in, frees Vince from the hook, and jumps off the truck as the trucker finishes reloading his gun and shoots, narrowly missing him. Brian then calls an air ambulance in for the critically injured Vince, revealing to Toretto that he is a cop, and Toretto drives off angrily.
At Toretto's house, Brian attempts to confront Toretto. Just at that moment, Jesse comes up. Johnny Tran and his cousin come up at that time and do a drive-by shooting, killing Jesse. Brian and Toretto go after them. Toretto forces the cousin off a road embankment while Brian shoots Tran, killing him. They then engage in an impromptu street race. Toretto is injured after he sideswipes a passing truck. Both of them then hear police sirens. Knowing Toretto will be arrested, Brian gives him the keys to his car and allows him to escape.

PLEASE SEED, Thanks.