Titles:
1) Archimedean Dynasty
2) AquaNox
3) AquaNox 2: Revelation

Developer: Massive Development

Publishers:
1) AD - Blue Byte Software
2) AQ - Fishtank Interactive
3) AQ 2 - JoWooD Productions

Genre: Submarine Flight simulator

Released:
1) AD - 1996
2) AQ - 2001
3) AQ 2 - 2003

Descriptions:
1) AD - You are Emerald "Dead Eye" Flint, an underwater mercenary in the 27th century. Equip your ship, form alliances, and trade your wares in this futuristic world. You travel in your personal sub through 60 different missions. Along the way, a sinister plot comes up, and you must be the person to bring it to a halt.

2) AQ - The water is no longer calm. The undersea world has undergone a transformation from tranquil environment to a place of unspeakable violence, graphic murder and horrific danger. It is now the 27th century and mercenaries such as 'Emerald' Dead Eye Flint ply their deadly trade among the warring forces of man and nature. Gamers take the role of Flint, taking command of a loosely aligned force of fellow mercenaries who hire themselves out to the powerful leaders of this inhospitable world. Players fight vicious battles against crazed mercenaries, mighty military forces and hideous sea monsters. The frantic pace never lets up in Aquanox, true adrenaline-rush action for today's gamers.

3) AQ 2 - A new story of the underwater world Aqua. In 2666 a young freighter pilot called William Drake sets out to search for the heritage of a mythical ancestor. He is looking for adventure - and finds greed, ruthlessness, merciless hatred … and also unexpected help. But very soon he has to realize that he is not the only one hunting for his ancestor's legendary treasure.

Metacritic:
1) AD - (no link, too old)
2) AQ - http://www.metacritic.com/games/platforms/pc/aquanox/
3) AQ 2 - http://www.metacritic.com/games/platforms/pc/aquanox2revelation/

Installation:
1) Mount or burn game images;
2) Install the games;
3.1) Play the games without the CDs;
3.2) To play AquaNox use the CD-Key provided at the end of the installation and in the 'CD-Key' text file. Archimedean Dynasty and AquaNox 2 do not need a CD-Key.

If you like the games, buy the originals.