Magix Music Maker Premium v16.0.0.30 - Cracked


MAGIX Music Maker 16 Premium is the ideal music software for anyone who wants more. Simply make your own music with more effects and over 3,500 diverse audio building blocks, convincing instruments and real synthesizers. Step-by-step to your own song: Simply combine audio building blocks, add effects and mix it down – create your own hit in CD quality.



MAGIX Music Maker 16 Premium means making music with all the equipment. Start now with plenty of extras and make your own songs fit for the radio charts – without any experience.

Even more sounds, more realistic instruments, and more effects – thanks to its expanded sound design, real 5.1 Surround mixing, high-quality live tools, and useful studio extras, you can even deeper into the world of music production.


Magix Music Maker 16 Premium offers an easy start, and lets you experience what it's like to dive into the depths of music production. A giant sound archive and an especially intuitive approach to creating original music as well as many useful functions result in an unbeatable complete package for making your own songs. The new Easy Mode makes creating radio play-ready hits possible even for beginners--no time needed for breaking in, no previous knowledge necessary.

Thanks to the new info box, all important functions can be understood during their application. With BeatBox 2, the new groove tool, you can create unbelievable beats with incredible ease. More than 1,500 new, current sounds in contemporary styles round off the functional range. Thus, Magix Music Maker 16 offers you everything from one source: from creating your own songs and whole CD albums, to remixing MP3s to publication of self-created hits and music videos on the web.


Features:

* Vandal SE: Guitar amplifier with an unbelievably true sound
* Essential FX: more new effects
* More than 3,500 diverse sounds & loops
* Extra Soundpacks for Revolta 2 and Vita
* 4 band equalizer for every channel in the mixer
* Play any instrument right away with your PC keyboard
* and much more…


Minimum system requirements:

For Windows XP | Vista | 7 
Minimal configuration:

PC with Intel Pentium or AMD Athlon, 1 GHz or higher
512 MB RAM (1GB recommended)
3 GB free hard disk space 
Graphics card with resolution of 1024x768
16-bit sound card
DVD drive


Burn CDs/DVDs with a CD/DVD±R(W) burner

MP3 export with Windows Media Player 10, or higher

5.1 Surround sound in  Windows Media format / MP3 Surround with compatible decoder/receiver.

Video recording and output: Video for Windows or DirectShow compatible video card, TV card, or graphics card with video-in.

Formats:


Import: WAV, MP3, OGG Vorbis, WMA, QuickTimeTM, MIDI, CD-A2, BMP, JPG, AVI, MXV, WMV
Export: WAV, MP3, OGG Vorbis, WMA, QuickTimeTM, MIDI, CD-A, BMP, JPG, AVI, MXV, WMV


Installation:

                               
1. install
                                
2. replace program files with cracked files 
 
3. Make hit song, get Rich & Famous and hang out with that idiot Bono. When that happens,remember your pal @artpepper and do me a favour, willya? Break those stupid glasses of his. Thanks.

Homepage:
http://www.magix.com/uk/music-maker/
