Date:
 06-22-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Steve Quayle, David Blume 
 


Researcher Steve Quayle discussed Bigfoot cases, as well as reports of giants throughout history. He also shared concerns about environmental disasters like the oil spill, and the "Illuminati's" plan to reduce the population. He concurred with Richard C. Hoagland's contention that there might be a large methane bubble under the Gulf which could explode, and cause a major tsunami. Further, he warned of ancillary effects from the oil spill and chemical dispersants leading to toxic air and rain spread out over a large area. People in the Gulf coast have already been reporting respiratory problems related to the oil disaster, he noted. 

Quayle offered analysis of a recent Bigfoot sighting in North Carolina, in which a witness saw a 10 ft. tall creature with blond hair and six fingers on each hand. Bigfoot have individual harmonic frequencies and use specific sounds as dimensional portals to phase in and out of our world, he suggested. He referred to them as "transmorphic demonic entities" that can take on physicality and eat chickens, dogs, and even humans. 

In the year 986, explorer Leif Ericson made the earliest account of Bigfoot in America, describing them as "the horrible, ugly, swarthy and big black-eyed men," he continued. Quayle also spoke about the biblical history of giants, and how some could be considered the fallen angels who mated with Earth women. For more on giants, see this special page he set up. 

Oil Alternatives 
First hour guest, ecological biologist David Blume talked about how the pursuit of fossil fuels has led to unfortunate scenarios like the BP spill. We have to get away from this fixation on oil, he said. "That's why entrepreneurs across this country are looking at making alcohol [for fuel] and taking on the oil companies in their communities and underselling them," he added. 


Website(s):
•stevequayle.com
•alcoholcanbeagas.com
Book(s):
•Alcohol Can Be a Gas!