WAR CLASSIC’S
Commandos  “with Lee Van Cleef”
Lee Van Cleef plays U.S. Army Sgt. Sullivan in an against-all-odds war adventure
About a group of misfit soldiers he trains to stage a daring mission in North Africa.
The Platoon is ordered to take over an Italian camp, but as soon as the American
Soldiers reach their target, all hell breaks loose when some unexpected twists get
In the way of completing their mission. Commandos features a top-notch international
Cast, Intense combat scenes, heart-stopping explosions, and stunning cinematography.
1968/Color/98min/Rated 13

Eagle Attack At Dawn “with Peter Brown”

Eagles Attack at Dawn is centered on a rescue mission to retrieve Israeli commandos
From Syrian prison. The operation is a covert maneuver involving members of the Israeli
Army and Security Services. The three main agents include: Eli (Yehoram Gaon), Beno (Rick Janson), 
and Abie (Peter Brown), who must distract Syrian Major Heikai (Yoseph Shiloah) in order
to get the men out. To divert the Major’s  attention, the Israelis give false information to the 
Syrians by strategically leaking the news.
1970/Color/96 min/Rated 13

Hitler’s SS:  Portrait of Evil “with Jose Ferrer”

Hitler’s SS: Portrait of Evil is an over-all look at Hitler’s regime, focusing in on two young brothers
From Berlin who join the Nazi8 camp. Helmut Hoffman is an ambitious, intelligent young man who
Becomes part of the SS in 1931. Karl Hoffman, Helmut’s younger brother, is an athelete and 
Optimist who accepts a chauffeur job for the SA or Storm Troopers. But the SS crushes and disbands
The SA and Karl is spared from death only through the power and influence of his elder brother.
This so-called rescue, however, first results in Karl’s imprisionment, where he remains until he is 
Then forced into the German army. It is brother pitted against brother until the Third Reich begins
To collapse and Helmut becomes introspective-realizing he must make amends for his misdeeds.
1985/Color/145 min/Rated 13

Go For Broke “with Van Johnson”

In this war drama, the 442nd Regimental Combat Team is honored due to its make-up of mostly 
Japanese-American volunteers who loyally and courageously fought in World War II against their
Homeland and in the name of the United States. In particular, the film focuses on Lt. Mike Grayson,
Who holds prejudices against his men- ideas that were prevalent about all Japanese-Americans
At the time. But as he watches the valiant men selflessly engage in battle, the lieutenant’s bases
Are slowly chipped away until they are completely dissolved by the end of the war.
1951/B&W/90 min/Rated 13
