
Avatar [2009] DvdRip [XviD] [AR 1.82] Eng

A paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home

Hardcoded english subs during Na'vi dialogue

VIDEO   

Size.... 1.36GB                                  
                                                 
Duration.... 02:35:01                            
                                   
Codec.... XviD                     
                                   
Frame Width.... 640                                   
                                  
Frame Height.... 352               
                                  
Data Rate.... 1132kbps             
                                   
Frame Rate.... 25 F/S               

AUDIO

Bit Rate.... 128kbps.... MP3

2 Channel Stereo

Audio Sample Rate.... 48 KHz

Bits Per Sample 16 Bit/Sample

IMDB....    http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0499549/

WIKI....    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avatar_(2009_film)

Directed by        ...	James Cameron
Produced by        ...	James Cameron & Jon Landau
Written by         ...	James Cameron
	
Sam Worthington	   ...	Jake Sully
Zoe Saldana	   ...	Neytiri
Sigourney Weaver   ...	Dr. Grace Augustine
Stephen Lang	   ...	Colonel Miles Quaritch
Joel Moore	   ...	Norm Spellman (as Joel David Moore)
Giovanni Ribisi	   ...	Parker Selfridge
Michelle Rodriguez ...	Trudy Chacon
Laz Alonso	   ...	Tsu'tey
Wes Studi	   ...	Eytukan
CCH Pounder	   ...	Moat
Dileep Rao	   ...	Dr. Max Patel
Matt Gerald	   ...	Corporal Lyle Wainfleet
Sean Anthony Moran ...	Private Fike
Jason Whyte	   ...	Cryo Vault Med Tech
Scott Lawrence	   ...	Venture Star Crew Chief

Avatar is a 2009 American science fiction epic film written and directed by James Cameron and starring Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, Michelle Rodriguez and Stephen Lang. The film is set in the year 2154, when humans are mining a precious mineral called unobtanium on the lush moon Pandora in the Alpha Centauri star system. The expansion of the mining colony threatens the continued existence of a local tribe of Na'vi—a sentient humanoid species which is indigenous to Pandora. The film's title refers to the genetically engineered Na'vi bodies used by several human characters to interact with the natives of Pandora.
Development on Avatar began in 1994, when Cameron wrote an 80-page scriptment for the film. Filming was supposed to take place after the completion of Cameron's 1997 film Titanic, for a planned release in 1999,[8] but according to Cameron, the necessary technology was not yet available to portray his vision of the film. Work on the language for the film's extraterrestrial beings began in summer 2005, and Cameron began developing the script and fictional universe in early 2006.
Avatar was officially budgeted at $237 million. Other estimates put the cost between $280 million and $310 million for production, and at $150 million for promotion. The film was released for traditional two-dimensional projection, as well as in 3-D, using the RealD 3D, Dolby 3D, XpanD 3D and IMAX 3D formats. The film was touted as a breakthrough in filmmaking technology, for its development of 3D viewing and stereoscopic filmmaking with cameras that were specially designed for the film's production.
Avatar premiered in London on December 10, 2009, and was released internationally on December 16, and in North America on December 18, to critical acclaim and commercial success. The film broke several box office records during its release and became the highest-grossing film of all time in North America and worldwide, surpassing Titanic, which had held the records for the previous 12 years. It also became the first film to gross more than $2 billion. Following the film's success, Cameron stated that there will be a sequel. 

Nine Oscar Nominations.
Won 3 Oscars. Oscars won: best art direction; best cinematography; best visual effects. Another 25 wins & 56 nominations elsewhere 



