Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing is a racing game in the Sega Superstars (series) produced for Wii, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Nintendo DS and Microsoft Windows, featuring characters from many Sega franchises. It is being published by Sega and developed by Sumo Digital. It was announced on May 28, 2009 and was released in North America on February 23, 2010 and in Europe on February 26, 2010, with the PC version available both from retail and via Steam.

The game is a mascot kart racing game, very similar to other games in its genre like Mario Kart, Konami Krazy Racers and Crash Team Racing. Characters race through various race circuits themed on different Sega franchises and collect power-ups to boost their speed or hamper their opponents. The items have a rock-paper-scissors  effect, in which certain items can be used to defend against others. Also, on occasions when players get three of one item, they can choose to fire/activate them at the same time. Additional boost can be earned by successfully executing drifts (with longer drifts earning more boost), or performing tricks while in midair. Like Sumo's previous Sega game, Sega Superstars Tennis, each character has a special ability (called an "All-Star Move") unique to them that they may use to their advantage (such as Sonic transforming into Super Sonic and AiAi riding in marbles), which they can obtain if they are running behind in the race. How long each All-Star move lasts depends on the character's current position. Due to network latency issues, All-Star Moves are not featured in online races.


Playable characters

At the start of the game, players can play as Sonic, Tails, Dr. Eggman, Shadow, Amy, AiAi, Amigo and Billy Hatcher, as well as any console exclusive characters. Other characters are unlocked after purchasing them with Sega Miles.


Minimum System Requirements:

Processor : Intel Pentium IV at 3.2 GHz / Athlon 64 3000+ or equivalent processor
Video Card : 256 MB VRAM – DirectX 9.0c Compliant video card (nVidia GeForce 7600 or better, ATI Radeon X1300 or better)
Memory : 1 GB RAM (XP) / 2 GB (Vista)
Hard Disk : 6 GB of free Hard Drive Space
Operating System : Microsoft Windows XP / Windows Vista
Sound Card : DirectX Compatible
Direct X : 9.0c
Controls : Keyboard & Mouse
Installation : DVD-ROM Drive
Recommended System Requirements:

Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo at 2.4Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 4200+ or better
Video Card : 512 MB VRAM – nVidia GeForce 8800 or better, ATI Radeon HD 3800 series or better
rong>Memory : 1.5 GB RAM
Hard Disk : 7 GB of free Hard Drive Space
Operating System : Microsoft Windows Vista SP1
Sound Card : Creative Sound Blaster X-Fi
Direct X : 9.0c
Controls : Keyboard & Mouse
Installation : DVD-ROM Drive


Instructions:

-Sonic & Sega All Stars Racing[RIP] -

1 - Unrar

2 - Run setup.bat(wait 10-15 min)

    Note:For some people it might take longer just be patient and i recomend to leave your pc alone.

3 -Run Config.exe to select your graphics options and language

4 - To play double click "Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing.exe" 


    