Date:
 08-04-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Paul Hellyer, Oliver Williams 
 


Former Minister of National Defense in Canada, Paul Hellyer discussed how Col. Philip J. Corso's work on UFOs inspired him to get involved with UFO disclosure, and the implications it has for the future of the planet. He personally spoke with a retired Air Force General who confirmed Corso's information, and told him that the US military had face-to-face meetings with ETs. In 2005, Hellyer attracted international attention by going public with his belief in UFOs. 

There were attempts to reverse-engineer and study ET technology in Canada, such as Project Magnet, said Hellyer. Though this project fizzled out after a few years in the 1950s, its director, Wilbert Smith, was convinced that ETs were benign, and light years ahead of us in technology. "I think the extraterrestrials are totally frustrated with us because they know we've got this wonderful planet...and we're mucking it up...but presumably they have some rules about direct interference," said Hellyer. One of the most important reasons for UFO disclosure is to make use of their technology and energy systems so that we can save the planet, he added. 

His new book, Light at the End of the Tunnel outlines how the human species is headed for extinction unless we confront environmental issues such as global warming, the economic disaster brought on by the current banking system, and the warring between various religions. Regarding making changes to the banking system, he recommended the plan of action put forth on the website Victory for the World. 

John Titor Update
First hour guest, Oliver Williams, website editor for the time travel story of John Titor, shared updates. Titor, an alleged time traveler who claimed to come from the year 2036, made computer forum postings in 2000 and 2001 about the future. One of his predictions claimed that America was headed for another Civil War, and Williams detailed how strife over immigration and health reform issues could be driving the country in that direction. 


Website(s):
-paulhellyerweb.com
-johntitor.com
Book(s):
-Light at the End of the Tunnel: A Survival Plan for the Human Species