Rez for the Sega Dreamcast                                      Rel. 11/21/2001


Format:	       CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	       English
Discs:          1
Image:          CDI
Gener.:         Rhythm/Music Shooter
Selfboot:       Yes
Requirements:   Dreamcast Console, or DC Emulator.


Compressed with WinRar, Game was tested and works. 
Try 7Zip its free google it, if you don't have WinRar.


Release Notes: This is Rez for the dreamcast and is selfboot on a standard CD-R.
               Read below for info on type of media you should use & how you 
               should burn. All's thats needed is a cd-r and a dreamcast 
               console or you can try an emulator. This game was tested on 
               a regular dc console (made in 1999) and ran fine.
             
     
Important: Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't allow
           utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to be on the 
           safe side try to use a console manufactured before october 2000.  You
           can find the manfacture date on the bottom of the console on the sticker
           in fine print just look for it. Of course the only way to know is to
           just try it on your dreamcast.



Game Description:

This is the original game which was made for the dreamcast and was later ported to the ps2 and xbox 360. Rez is a Music Rhythm based shooter, and is a sweet game. 

Rez is a fast-action shooter that takes you deep into the world’s computer network. The “Project K” Network has recently been upgraded to handle the rapid expansion of the information age and the core, known as “Eden,” holds the most advanced artificial intelligence the world has ever seen. Unfortunately, Eden cannot handle the ability to create her own thoughts and buckles under the pressure in an existential breakdown. She is lost deep inside the system, and you’re the only one that can bring her back online, saving the world from utter chaos.

You must blast complex viruses, unlock passwords, and destroy firewall bosses as you search for Eden. Each stage is in a constant state of flux dependent on your shooting techniques, which ultimately control the music and colors of your environment. The deeper you get into the dreamlike cyber world of Rez, your form will evolve or devolve depending on your progress.

The game is notable for replacing the typical sound effects found in most rail shooter games with electronic music, with sounds and melodies created by the player as they target and destroy foes in the game, Sega used the concept of synesthesia in Rez which can be experienced when playing.

Features:

* A stunning shooting game.

* Wire-frame adventure backed by industrial beats.

* Dreamlike cyber-environments.

* Your actions affect the music and graphics.

* Journey to the center of a futuristic network.



Game Pics included.


Burn with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

In Options enable overburn disc in Alcohol or DiscJuggler. (Do for all DC games)

Set Write Method To Raw/Dao and burn at 4x Speed for Alcohol 120%.


If you wanna burn using DiscJuggler Set Burn settings to Raw Write Mode 2 2352 
CD-DA or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write and burn at 4x Speed.


Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work only CD-R's).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!