Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 2.6 Build 632038

        -----Portable Edition----- 

       Release Date: 18 Dec 2009 


New Adobe® Photoshop® Lightroom™ software is the professional photographer's essential toolbox, providing one easy application for managing, adjusting, and presenting large volumes of digital photographs so you can spend less time in front of the computer and more time behind the lens. So you can spend less time sorting and refining photographs, and more time actually shooting them. Its clean, elegant interface literally steps out of the way and lets you quickly view and work with the images you shot today, as well as the thousands of images that you will shoot over the course of your career. Because no two photographers work alike, AdobeLightroom adapts to your workflow, not the other way around. 

Lightroom lets you view, zoom in, and compare photographs quickly and easily. Precise, photography-specific adjustments allow you to fine tune your images while maintaining the highest level of image quality from capture through output. And best of all, it runs on most commonly used computers, even notebook computers used on location. Adobe® Photoshop® Lightroom® 2 offers powerful new and enhanced features across the entire program to help you streamline your digital photography workflow. Sort and find the photos you want faster, target specific photo areas for more precise adjustments, showcase your talent using more flexible printing templates, and more. 

Top new features 

» Local adjustment brush 
» Enhanced organizational tools 
» Volume management 
» Extensible architecture 
» Multiple monitor support 
» Flexible print package functionality 
» Streamlined Photoshop CS3 integration 
» Enhanced output sharpening 
» 64-bit support for Windows® and Mac OS 


WHAT'S NEW IN 2.6 Version 
The goal of this release is to address bugs that were introduced in previous releases of Lightroom 2 and provide additional camera raw support. A comprehensive list of issues fixed in this release is included below. 

The crop tool would unlock a locked aspect ratio after a rotation adjustment 
For Mac OS X 10.6 customers, visual artifacts could appear when panning an image viewed at 11 in the Develop module. 
For Mac OS X 10.6 customers, the 10.6.2 update included a correction that prevented Lightroom 2 from opening more than two files using the Edit-in-Photoshop functionality. 
Lightroom 2.6 provides a fix for an issue affecting PowerPC customers using the final Lightroom 2.5 update on the Mac. The issue, introduced in the demosaic change to address sensors with unequal green response, has the potential to create artifacts in highlight areas when processing raw files from Sony, Olympus, Panasonic and various medium format digital camera backs. 
Lightroom 2.5 and earlier did not support the updated Panasonic DMC-LX3 aspect ratio modes added with the camera’s latest version 2.0 firmware
                 
