South Park - Season 01

Series: South Park
DVD release: November 12, 2002
Network: Comedy Central
No. of episodes: 13
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit Rate: 136kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------------------------------


S01E01 - Cartman Gets an Anal Probe
Cartman dreams that aliens abduct him and insert things into his anus. Upon being told of the dream, Stan and Kyle try to convince him that the "dream" really happened, but Cartman dismisses them. Ike gets abducted and his brother Kyle tries to rescue him. During a first encounter, Kenny gets killed. The boys eventually lure the aliens back, using the machine lodged inside Cartman, thus allowing Ike to break free. Meanwhile, the aliens communicate with the cows, which they consider to be the most intelligent species on the planet.

S01E02 - Weight Gain 4000
A big event is planned for the arrival of Kathie Lee Gifford to South Park, who comes to present an award to Eric Cartman. While the children take part in a cruel reenactment of the colonization of America, Mr. Garrison plots to kill Kathie Lee for beating him in a childhood talent contest. Cartman is told by the Mayor to get in shape for the visit, prompting him to start using a bodybuilding supplement (Weight Gain 4000) that makes him grow fatter instead of stronger. Wendy simultaneously discovers that Cartman won the award by cheating and that Mr. Garrison intends to kill Kathie Lee. Mr. Garrison is thwarted and is incarcerated in a mental hospital, while Cartman appears on Geraldo because of his obesity.

S01E03 - Volcano
Stan's uncle Jimbo and his friend Ned take Stan, Kenny, Kyle, and Cartman on a hunting trip in the mountains, but Stan is unable to shoot a living target. Cartman tells the story of Scuzzlebutt, a mutant creature, and decides to dress up as the creature to scare the others. But in doing so, Cartman almost gets shot. Back in town, geologist Randy Marsh discovers that the mountain is a volcano that is about to erupt, and the townsfolk dig a trench to try to divert the lava. The mountain erupts and the hunting group find themselves trapped. The real Scuzzlebutt then appears and carries the hunting party to safety. Stan kills him to make Jimbo proud as the lava is diverted onto Denver city.

S01E04 - Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride
Stan gets a new dog, Sparky, which he finds out is gay. This troubles Stan, who has to concentrate on quarterbacking the South Park Elementary football team against Middle Park's team. Sparky, after being hurt by Stan's feelings about his lifestyle, runs away and meets Big Gay Al. Stan could be key in beating the 72 point spread against them but instead is distraught by Sparky's disappearance, and sets out to find him. Jimbo and Ned attempt to sabotage the football game against the rival elementary school, but the two fail and South Park loses 73-6.

S01E05 - An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig
Shelley has been beating up Stan and he does not know what to do. Kyle decides to crossbreed his pet elephant with Cartman’s pot-bellied pig, Fluffy, to make little "pot-bellied elephants". Terrance bets Kyle that he can clone a whole person before Kyle can get a pot-bellied elephant. The boy's visit Dr. Mephisto's ranch, showing them his genetically engineered collection. Mephisto steals a blood sample from Stan, and he and his assistant Kevin create a clone of Stan for Terrance (Mephisto’s son)'s science project. The cloned Stan breaks free from Mephisto's ranch and proceeds to terrorize the town. Mephisto shoots the clone, and Shelley takes the blame for the damage. Terrance presents his science project, a monkey with five buttocks, as Kyle's pig gives birth to a pot-bellied pig that looks like Mr. Garrison.

S01E06 - Death
Stan's Grandpa Marsh asks him to assist his suicide but Stan refuses, Sheila Broflovski calls for a boycott of Terrance and Phillip in protest of its toilet humor, and Kenny's explosive diarrhea spreads to the whole town. Grandpa Marsh convinces Stan to kill him and the boys try to help until Death shows up and begins to chase after the boys while ignoring Grandpa. The network takes Terrance and Phillip off the air after residents of South Park are catapulted at their building, much to the dismay of Death. Grandpa demands again to be killed, but his own Grandpa appears and warns him not to, else he will end up in limbo. Grandpa announces that he will holiday in a dangerous destination instead. The parents return from their protest, but immediately start another one over the Terrance and Phillip's replacement.

S01E07 - Pinkeye
Kenny is killed by the Mir space station and becomes a zombie. This gets unnoticed as he is thought to have dressed up for Halloween, while those who get bitten and become zombies are diagnosed instead with pinkeye. Chef is the only one to realize the truth, and manages to tell Stan, Kyle, and Cartman about it just before getting bitten himself. The boys try to kill all the zombies until they realize they just have to kill the original zombie, Kenny, to get everybody back to normal. He is killed with a chainsaw, and when he appears to revive during his funeral, a statue falls onto him, followed by a jet crashing onto the statue.

S01E08 - Damien
A new student named Damien joins South Park's elementary school. But it is revealed that he has been sent by his father Satan to find Jesus and arrange a boxing match between the two. The majority of South Park residents bet on Satan to win the match due to his enormous size and muscular physique, but Satan ultimately throws the fight and reveals he had bet on Jesus, thus winning everybody's money. Cartman is livid when he discovers that the bout clashes with his birthday party.

S01E09 - Starvin' Marvin
The boys send money to an African charity to get a sports watch, but are sent instead an Ethiopian child, Starvin' Marvin. Cartman is accidentally sent to Ethiopia himself, where he learned activist Sally Struthers is actually hoarding the charity's food for herself. Genetically engineered turkeys attack South Park residents and Chef rallies the residents to fight back, in a parody of the film Braveheart.

S01E10 - Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo
Kyle, who is Jewish, feels excluded from the rest of town during Christmas, and is comforted by Mr. Hankey, a talking, singing Christmas poo. Mr. Hankey does not come alive in front of anyone else, so everyone begins to think Kyle is losing his mind. Mrs. Broflovski protests the school's Christmas play, which leads to the townspeople removing all religious aspects of Christmas from South Park in order to remain politically correct.

S01E11 - Tom's Rhinoplasty
Mr. Garrison gets a nose job and quits teaching in order to be a model. Stan has a crush the substitute teacher, Miss Ellen, leading Wendy to threaten her to stay away from Stan. Determined to win her man back, Wendy looks into Miss Ellen's background and finds out that she is an Iraqi fugitive. The substitute teacher is kidnapped from the classroom by Iraqi insurgents, which shoot her into the Sun via a rocket. Wendy reclaims Stan as her boyfriend and takes great pleasure at Ms. Ellen's fate. Mr. Garrison, frightened by the attention from horny women, decides to return to his normal looks.

S01E12 - Mecha-Streisand
Mr. Garrison takes his class on an archaeological dig for arrowheads. Cartman finds a mysterious triangle and the kids get on TV about this important discovery, which captures the attention of Leonard Maltin. He comes to South Park to warn about Barbra Streisand's desire to get the triangle. Streisand comes to South Park and tries to get the triangle from the kids. She finally gets it and becomes Mecha-Streisand, a giant robot wreaking havoc upon the town. Maltin tells Chef to call Robert Smith of The Cure, who defeats the robot.

S01E13 - Cartman's Mom Is a Dirty Slut
Cartman begins to wonder why all the kids at school except for him have fathers. When confronted by her son about the father, Mrs. Cartman recalls the night when he was conceived at the Drunken Barn Dance where she had sex with just about every man in town. Dr. Mephisto reveals that he can perform a DNA test to determine who the father really is for $3,000. Eric tries to raise the money with the help of Stan and Kyle by sending a video to America's Stupidest Home Videos. He becomes annoyed when he realizes that the video is deriding him, though the video wins second place and a $3,000 prize.

---------------------------------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp