Senior Discount has been continually playing music for about five years and has played over 200 shows in states such as RI, MA, VT, NJ, NY, PA, and CT. 
They've shared the stage with such acts as Gym Class Heroes, Girl Talk, Boys Like Girls, The Bravery, The Ataris, Leftover Crack, Just Surrender, A Wilhelm Scream, the Street Dogs, Zox, Bad Larry, Westbound Train, Monty Are I, Daly's Gone Wrong, Big D and the Kids Table, Brain Failure, Catch 22, Darkbuster, Stealing Jane, Rehab, River City Rebels, Jimmy's Chicken Shack, Someday Providence, Mickey Avalon, Streetlight Manifesto, Sasquatch and the Sick-A-Billys, the Bloodshot Hooligans, Tip The Van, The Loved Ones, MC Lars, Badfish, Mastamindz, Whole Wheat Bread, Suburban Legends, Patent Pending, and many many more.
Senior Discount's debut album, "There Were Four Who Tried...", has gotten many reviews from all over, including very positive reviews from Razorcake (CA), Hussieskunk (OH), Plug-In Music (PA), Rock Is Life (MA), Suburban Horror (CA), Upstarter (ID), as well as The Unbound Zine (Canada), and No Front Teeth (The UK). They feel that they've gotten their most important reviews from the historic Maximum Rock N Roll (CA), which boasted, "These guys can rock and scream….a strong full-length," and the revered AbsolutePunk.net, which stated "The band really acts out their emotions….Every track from the album is an anthem to punk rock's principles."
They also focus heavily on film production, as they used short films to promote for their shows and releases. Their one full-length film ("VBW Attack: The Senior Discount Movie") led to the band selling out a 350-person capacity movie theatre for the premiere, and the subsequent DVD release for the film garnished a win for "Best Comedy" in the 2008 Indie Gathering Film Festival (which is one of the top 25 film festivals, as rated by MovieMaker Magazine). Their film also got shining reviews from Punk Globe (CA) which said "It's well done, it astounded me. These guys are having fun," and The Noise (Boston) which reported "...let's just say that this DVD is gold and that the band, and those with them, have some mighty winds at their sails."
The national television network G4 has bought footage from the film, started airing the clips in late 2008, and continues to air them. Senior Discount's online videos have achieved over 30,000 views on streaming video websites, and have also sold footage to the web site Break.com.
In 2007 and again 2008, Senior Discount won the Providence Phoenix Best Music Poll for Best Punk Band - two years in a row. The Phoenix has received many awards for excellence in journalism, including honors from the New England Press Association, the American Bar Association Gavel Awards, the ASCAP-Deems Taylor Awards and many more. The Mighty Mighty Bosstones personally picked Senior Discount as one of the top five bands in the contest to open for the MMB's at their Hometown Throw-Down show show on New Years Eve '07/'08.
Senior Discount were also semi-finalists in the 2008 95.5 WBRU Rockhunt, a yearly contest held by WBRU, which is frequently named one of the best radio stations in the country by numerous trade magazines such as Billboard and Rolling Stone - Rolling Stone named it best radio station in the country in a medium size market three years in a row, the only radio station ever to achieve that. WBRU also had Senior Discount play their "Rock Hunt kick-off" show on Jan 23, 2009, and before that Senior Discount played the 2008 WBRU Birthday Bash at the specific request of Girl Talk, a very popular mash-up DJ - Girl Talk's album "Feed The Animals" was named Time Magazine's #4 album of the year (out of 10) in 2008.