This torrent includes:

UFOs: Generals, Pilots and Government Officials Go On the Record.pdf (KoboBook conversion to PDF format)

Leslie Kean on the Colbert Report - August 23rd 2010.avi



Michio Kaku Goes On the Record About UFOs - MSNBC.avi



Leslie Kean on Dreamland with Whitley Strieber - September 11th 2010 (2 mp3 files)


-----------


- http://ufosontherecord.com/

UFOs: Generals, Pilots and Government Officials Go On the Record



Harmony Books, an imprint of The Crown Publishing Group / Random House, Inc.

The reality of UFOs—a subject of intense interest to the general public —has now been verified at the highest levels. Based on a ten-year investigation, journalist Leslie Kean’s new book pulls back the curtain on the incredible occurrences of unexplained behavior by unknown objects over many decades, and the results are astonishing.

We know that of all UFO sightings reported, 95 percent can be explained as ordinary phenomena. However, within that remaining 5 percent, spectacular well-documented UFO events have been officially investigated by government agencies around the world, yet no conventional explanations were found.

In combination with her own insightful research, Kean has brought together over a dozen highly credible aviation witnesses and official investigators – including five generals and a former U.S. governor – who reveal the facts about UFOs in riveting, personal accounts written exclusively for this book. John Podesta, White House Chief of Staff to President Clinton and co-chair of President Obama’s transition team, provides a foreword. Kean offers a practical and achievable plan for US Government involvement in a step-by-step process to uncover what these unidentified objects are – and ultimately, what they may mean for all of us.

“Leslie Kean’s UFOs: Generals, Pilots, and Government Officials Go on the Record informs readers at every level of knowledge and belief. It could, and should, become the ‘tipping point’ that leads to public acceptance of the reality of UFOs and all of its implications.”
– Don Donderi, Ph.D., Department of Psychology, McGill University (Ret.)

“Leslie Kean’s challenging analysis is written with penetrating depth and insight. The revelations in this book constitute a watershed event in lifting the taboo against rational discourse about this controversial subject.”
– Harold E. Puthoff, Ph.D., Director of The Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin

“Leslie Kean not only makes the case for, but calls for, a whole new concrete and realistic perspective on UFOs that has more honesty and integrity than any other that I have read. This is a book for anyone with an open mind.”
– John L. Petersen, Founder and President of the Arlington Institute


Synopsis

An Air Force major is ordered to approach a brilliant UFO in his Phantom jet over Tehran. He repeatedly attempts to engage and fire on unusual objects heading right towards his aircraft, but his missile control is locked and disabled. Witnessed from the ground, this dogfight becomes the subject of a secret report by the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency.

In Belgium, an Air Force colonel investigates a series of widespread sightings of unidentified triangular objects, and he sends F-16s to attempt a closer look. Many hundreds of eye witnesses, including on-duty police officers, file reports, and a spectacular photograph of an unidentifiable craft is retrieved and analyzed.

Here at home, a retired chief of the FAA’s Accidents and Investigations Division reveals the agency’s response to a thirty-minute encounter between an aircraft and a gigantic UFO over Alaska, which occurred during his watch and is documented on radar.

Now, all three of these distinguished men have written breathtaking, firsthand accounts about these extraordinary incidents. They are joined by Air Force generals and a host of high-level sources – including Fife Symington III, former governor of Arizona and Nick Pope, former head of the British Defence Ministry’s UFO Investigative Unit – who have agreed to write their own detailed, personal stories about UFO encounters and investigations, for the first time.

They are coming forward now because of Leslie Kean, an investigative reporter who has spent the last ten years studying the still unexplained UFO phenomenon. Kean reviewed hundreds of government documents, aviation reports, radar data, and case studies with corroborating physical evidence. She carefully examined scientifically-analyzed photographs and interviewed dozens of high-level officials and aviation witnesses from around the world. With the support of former White House Chief-of-Staff John Podesta, Kean draws on her research to separate fact from fiction and to lift the veil on decades of U.S. government misinformation. Throughout, she presents irrefutable evidence that unknown flying objects – metallic, luminous, and seemingly able to maneuver in ways that defy the laws of physics – actually exist.

No one yet knows what these objects are, even though they affect aviation safety and possibly national security. The phenomenon has been officially acknowledged by numerous foreign governments. For these reasons and many others, Kean concludes that the UFO problem must be more widely recognized and ultimately solved through an unbiased scientific investigation. The material presented throughout this landmark book is sobering, unflinching, and undeniably awe inspiring, and moves us towards a goal of properly addressing this worldwide mystery.


The Author

LESLIE KEAN is an independent investigative journalist with a background in freelance writing and radio broadcasting. She has contributed articles to dozens of publications here and abroad including the Boston Globe, Philadelphia Inquirer, Atlanta-Journal Constitution, Providence Journal, International Herald Tribune, Globe and Mail, Sydney Morning Herald, Bangkok Post, The Nation, and The Journal for Scientific Exploration. Her stories have been syndicated through Knight Ridder/Tribune, Scripps-Howard, New York Times  wire service, Pacific News Service, and the National Publishers Association. While spending many years reporting on Burma, she co-authored Burma’s Revolution of the Spirit: The Struggle for Democratic Freedom and Dignity  (Aperture, 1994) and she has contributed essays for a number of anthologies published between 1998 and 2009. Her freelance journalism has been supported by grants from numerous foundations including the Open Society Institute of the Soros Foundation, The Fund for Investigative Journalism, and the Nation Institute.

Kean was also a producer and on-air host for a daily investigative news program on KPFA radio, a Pacifica station in California. She began covering the UFO subject in 2000 with a feature story in the Boston Globe, and followed with additional mainstream stories. In 2002, she co-founded the Coalition for Freedom of Information (CFi), an independent alliance advocating for greater government openness on information about UFOs, and for responsible coverage by the media based on a rational and credible approach. As director of the CFi, she was the plaintiff in a successful, five-year Freedom of Information Act federal lawsuit against NASA. In 2007, she co-organized a landmark Washington DC international press conference on official UFO investigations, which received media coverage around the world.

Kean was a producer for the 2009 independent documentary I Know What I Saw and is currently working with Break Thru Films, an award-winning film company, on a new feature documentary. She and her coalition have launched an ongoing initiative to affect US government policy so that scientists and aviation authorities can gain greater understanding of the still-unexplained UFO phenomenon.

- http://www.freedomofinfo.org/

- http://www.breakthrufilms.org/


-------------------------------------

- http://www.unknowncountry.com/

Dreamland may be heard from Saturday afternoon at 1PM Pacific online. Each show remains online for 2 weeks.

THE WORK OF DREAMLAND: Our Policy

It is the policy of Dreamland to present the credible edge in science, religion and culture. We want to inform you about the real unknown—the world of genuine scientific mysteries and possibilities that the general media ignores.


09/11/10 - Dreamland: UFOs on the Record

Investigative reporter Leslie Kean has just published one of the most important books on the UFO topic ever written. UFOs: Generals, Pilots and Government Officials go on the Record complies accounts from experts around the world that add up to proof that unidentified flying objects are intelligently controlled and operating at a level of technological sophistication far beyond not only our abilities, but even the imaginative speculations of science fiction. And yet they are real.

Listen as Leslie tells Whitley Strieber about her experiences in writing the book, meeting and talking with the experts, and details some of the stunning cases that it covers.

The purpose of the book is to serve the effort Leslie and others are making to establish a small office within the US government that would investigate credible UFO reports.

Do not miss this important interview. It is time to take action. Inform your congressman and senators of the book. Demand that the office that Leslie is proposing be created?and that, as a matter of law, all of its activities be part of the public record.

Get your copy at your local bookstore or go to UFOsontheRecord.com.

Learn more about the Coalition for Freedom of Information here: http://www.freedomofinfo.org/


09/11/10 - For Subscribers: Leslie Kean and the Media--Behind the Scenes

For our subscribers this week, Whitley Strieber and Leslie Kean have a frank and in depth conversation about the relationship of people like Gov. Ffyfe Symington, John Podesta, Jimmy Carter and others and other government officials who have taken an interest in the UFO phenomenon. What inspired their interest, and how much are they willing to do to further the cause of official recognition of the UFO as a valid subject for study?

They also discuss Leslie's experiences in the media, and the surprisingly serious and open-minded reception she has been getting.

How do we take the UFO debate to the next step? For sixty years, the skeptics have controlled it, and made sure that it never goes beyond the issue of whether or not UFOs are real.

But the evidence is now overwhelming. They are real, and they have been displaying extraordinary technology for sixty years. They are not secret weapons. They are a genuine unknown. Leslie outlines what we all need to do to help get the debate out of the hands of the skeptics and take it to the next level. They are here. So the next question is: what are they? We need answers!

-----------