Title: Nunta Muta aka Silent Wedding
Year: 2008 
Country: Romania
Language: Romanian 
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 703 MB 
Genre: Comedy / Drama
Runtime: 87 min
Resolution: 640 X 272
Bitrates: 448kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
IMDB Rating: 8.4/10 (945 votes) 
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1194620/
Directed by: Horatiu Malaele
Starring: Meda Andreea Victor ... Mara 
Alexandru Potocean ... Iancu 
Valentin Teodosiu ... Grigore Aschie 
Alexandru Bindea ... Gogonea 
Ioana Anastasia Anton ... Smaranda 
Luminita Gheorghiu ... Fira 
Dan Condurache 
Serban Pavlu ... Coriolan 
Victor Rebengiuc ... Grandpa 
Tamara Buciuceanu ... Grandma 
Tudorel Filimon ... Haralambie 
George Ivascu ... Communist Agitator 
George Mihaita ... Gogonea Jr. 
Doru Ana ... Cârnu 
Mihai Constantin ... Godfather 

Synopis: A small town. A happy young couple about to be wed. A tight community ready to celebrate this happy event. All is well. Until a number of militant communists enter the town to declare a period of national mourning after the death of the party leader. After that the wedding party is forbidden and the community searches for a way to have it go on anyway. The solution is as dared as inventive as fun: the feast will go on but everything, including the music, will be in mime. And so starts one of the funniest films I've seen in a long time - the lives of the people, the loving community and the vividly happy pair are all somewhat pressured by the need to be silent, but are all still there oh so very clearly. As events roll on it is clear that the fun will not last forever, but it is as good as it can be while it is there. And there it is: a tragicomedy about the right event, at the wrong time, all wrapped in a flash back. It's a great film and it adds a good warmth to the heart. (IMDB)

Attention: The note on IMDB is "8,4", with all justice.... THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE!!!

This torrent has subtitles in English.

Brazilian Portuguese subtitles: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3613989/nunta-muta-pb 

Obs.: The another release, "Silent.Wedding.(Nunta.Muta).2008.DVDRip.HORiZON.ArtSubs" (1,36 GB) has a better quality than this.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you. 


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:          
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ 
