Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Because of You" is a song written by pop rock singer Kelly Clarkson with David Hodges and Ben Moody, and produced by Hodges and Moody, both formerly of Evanescence. It is the fourth single (third in Europe) from Clarkson's second album, Breakaway (2004).

In 2007 Clarkson reprised the song, in a duet with country music artist Reba McEntire for her album Reba: Duets. When MCA Nashville released the duet in the summer of 2007, its popularity produced Clarkson's very first appearance on the Billboard Hot Country charts, where it reached a peak of #2.

On January 31, 2008, the RIAA certified the single platinum, with over 1,500,000 singles in all formats sold in the US.

By the summer of 2008, "Because of You" had become the song second most played over all of the last five years on television, radio, the internet, and live venues combined, in the UK.

As of 2009, it is the biggest single from an American Idol album, with sales of six million singles worldwide.

As she had with "Behind These Hazel Eyes", Clarkson wrote the treatment for the video herself; it was directed by Vadim Perelman. The video is based on a true story of Clarkson's troubled childhood (because of the nature of the video, she asked her parents for permission before it was filmed). The young girl in the video (playing the younger Clarkson) is Kennedy Noel, the daughter of Clarkson's musical director and keyboardist, Jason Halbert. Noel appeared at the 2006 Grammy Awards with Clarkson and accompanied Clarkson's performance of "Because of You" on the piano with no formal piano training, learning the song in under two weeks. Noel also appeared in a concert use video during Clarkson's Hazel Eyes Tour. She is an actress who has appeared in several television shows and print ads.

The video starts at the Clarkson household. There, she and her partner are engaged in a heated argument, and at one point he threatens to smash a picture of the family. Time freezes still and her husband becomes immobile; Clarkson, however, is immune to this. Looking around her house, she sees her younger self. Hand in hand, the younger and older versions of Clarkson relive her troubled childhood as various painful memories are seen, such as the younger Clarkson making a picture for her father, who tosses it into the sink, and Clarkson's mother making an unappreciated dinner for her father. These events drive her mother to the point of taking pills and crying in front of the younger Clarkson.

The breaking point is finally seen when Clarkson's parents have a physical fight and throw objects at each other. Soon after, Clarkson's father packs his bags and leaves; although the younger Clarkson tries to get him to stay, he pulls away. The older Clarkson runs back in time to the present. There, time unfreezes and instead of fighting with her husband, they make up. Clarkson's daughter in the video walks up to them, and they embrace her and each other.

The "Because of You" music video was officially released on Total Request Live on October 3, 2005. It debuted at the top of the countdown on October 4, eventually became Clarkson's third retired video, and spent twenty-seven out of fifty days at number one. After debuting on MuchMusic's Countdown at number twenty-nine, it ascended to the number one, On June 18, 2006 the video garnered Clarkson a MuchMusic Video Award for "People's Choice Favorite International Artist". The video also won the MTV Video Music Award for "Best Female Video", and was nominated for the "Viewer's Choice Award", which it lost to Fall Out Boy's "Dance, Dance". This marked the second time any female artist won two consecutive awards for "Best Female Video" (Beyoncé won in 2003 and 2004); it made Clarkson the fourth person to win two years in a row for a gender category (Beck was the first, Beyoncé was second, Alicia Keys was third).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

