This is a series of films that you won't want to share with your loved ones as I'm sure they would think less of you and perhaps start to worry about their own safety,so my wife and kids will never see these,but,you guys already know I'm a sick f*ck so hey....here's the cream of the crop,sick sh*t for my fellow sick friends here on ET LoL.


These movies are all only 40-50 some minutes long, but they are basicly gaurenteed to make you cringe. These films have been frequently banned and frowned upon, and even hailed as genius over the past 15 years, some people have even been sued for owning copies of these on vhs.Here's a basic run down on the movies in the set:

"Devil Doctor Woman": by far the most comedic of the films, and also the tamest, based on a woman who heads the underground surgical movement in Japan, the whole movie is based around the various strange and humorous deseases which she must cure...for good. It begins with a family of people with the same desease, I would tell you what it is, but I wouldn't want to ruin it for you. a pretty cool movie over all, and a nice intro to the series if you dont want to go in full force with "flesh and blood" but I think the zombi part dragged on a little.

"Android of Notre Dame": the make up in this isnt quite as impressive as some of the other films, but the monolouges in the beggining and end are brilliant. The plot involves a scientist who is intent on discovering the missing link to life, and a cure for death, so that his sister may survive her deadly heart desease, he begins by experimentiing on animals, but when he recieves a mysterious phone call from a man named Kato, he is forced to use less "humane" methods.

"Mermaid in a manhole": a painter who is still grief stricken by the loss of his wife searches for inspiration in a sewer, which was once a beautiful river he played in as a child. And one day he sees a mermaid which he has met in the river when he was younger, and has since both haunted and inspired him, but he soon discovers that she is injured and diseased. Soon after, his neighbors become worried after seeing strange things outside his apartment.

"He Never Dies": Another example of the title telling all. This story follows a depressed man, fed up with pushing papers in his office, he decides to stop going to work. After running low on ideas on what to do, he begins fiddling with a pocketknife and eventually slits his wrist[this is where one of my favorite movie lines comes in"oh my god I just slit my wrist!" he quickly notices the blood stop flowing, confused, he decides to cut deeper,and deep, and deeper. he soon recognizes that he is "the man who cannot die" and decides to have a little fun with that fact. the sitcom-esque ending is brilliantly erreverent.

"Devil's Experiment": I'm pretty sure this is the one Charlie Sheen called the feds after seeing. also I heard of a man in Japan who re-enacted some of the scenes in this, only on real people. I think they could have given it a more realistic feel by not useing so many different camera angles. This film was marketed as being an actual home recorded film which was supposedly intended to test the breaking points of one woman as three men hit her, kicked her, and from there on, I don't want to ruin anything for you. The real haunting features in this film are
1.)the fact that every sequence continues longer and longer until you just want to scream for the poor woman.
and 2.) the shot of the woman unconcious hanging in the net in the forest is probably the most disturbing image in the whole series.

"Flower of Flesh and Blood": This is it. This is the one You've heard so much about. A Japanese Manga writer recieved a unmarked parcel in the mail, the contents? 1 8mm film, 54 still photos, and a 19 page letter of explanation saying that a horrible crime had been commited in a very secret place. The man watched the film and saw a woman being tortured in a horrible and violent way. he quickly handed the contents of the letter to the police and, haunted by what he saw, he decided to make a semi-documentary/re-make of what was on the film he recieved. Hailed world wide as the most horrendous movie ever made, "Flower" is one of the most intense shock-cinema films of all time.


Language:Japanese
Subtitles:Hard Coded English