Magic DVD Ripper 5.5.0
Full version with serial

Magic DVD Ripper is a very easy and powerful DVD ripping software, which can convert DVD to VCD, 
SVCD, AVI (DivX), WMV, iPod and PSP formats or backup DVD to hard drive without any loss of 
quality. You can then enjoy them anytime without DVD discs or burn them to blank DVD or CD 
discs using burning software. It can copy protected DVD to hard drive with 4 optional mode 
(disc fully, main movie, split DVD-9 into DVD-5, files). With optimized for Intel CPU, 
Magic DVD Ripper provides fast ripping speed and wonderful output quality. Compared with competitors, 
Magic DVD Ripper has both convert function and backup function combined with faster ripping speed. 
While other software may be unable to rip some certain DVDs or yield unsync audio/video, 
Magic DVD Ripper almost always functions perfectly. It supports batch converting and has many 
settings that you can customize. And it automatically detect DVD-ROM and select appropriate 
settings for beginner, so you can get started with just one click.


Key Features of Magic DVD Ripper: 
• Convert DVD to DivX or other AVI formats
• Convert DVD to WMV
• Convert DVD to MP4 (iPod and PSP formats)
• Convert DVD to MP3 
• Convert DVD to VCD or SVCD
• Copy DVD movie to hard drive without any loss of quality
• Remove all the restrictions of DVD (CSS, Region, RCE, Sony ARccOS, PuppetLock)
• Copy main movie only or split DVD-9 into 2 DVD-5
• Compress DVD to fit on a 4.7 GB disc
• Very easy to use, just by one click
• High ripping speed and wonderful output quality

Please Note:  Magic DVD Ripper doesn't have burning function. If you want to copy DVD to blank disc, 
you need a burning software like Nero. Or you can try our another product Magic DVD Copier, 
which can copy DVD to blank DVD directly.

Compatible with Windows XP/2000/2003/Vista

Changes in Version 5.5.0, Jun 7th, 2010:
1. Supported for ripping the newest protected DVDs. Such as "Daybreaker", "Alice in wonderland", 
   "UP", "Up in the air", "Insanity", "Brothers and Sisters£¬Season 3" etc.
2. Added auto-update decryption files for protected DVDs feature.
3. Improved ripping process of copy-protected DVDs, will auto-check if there's a decryption 
   file on server before ripping.
4. Other minor fixes and improvements.


1- Install Application
2- Go to About --> Register --> Enter key
3- Click Register button
