Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.i'm the black rider, always faster than you...

				                              
                                              
                                                          
                                                       
                                          
                          
                 
                
                
                            
                                           
                                           
                                          
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                     
                                           
                                
                        
                   
                  
                
                                
                                        
                                        
                                  
                                    
                                        
                                  
                                    
                                        
                                        
                                     
                             
                       
                                   
                               
                         
                  
               
                          
                                  
                       
                   
              
              
       
           
          
         
     
  


  
          
                       
       .                                     .    
                                                                 
                                                               
                                                                
                                                               
                                             
                                   
                                
                                      
                                             
                                         
                             
                                
                                           
                                                                      
                                                                         
                                                                     
          
                                                                       
                                                                           
                            
                      
                                
                               
                             
                                  
                            
                     
                         
 


   
      |
                                      
                                                              jer^dfs     
                                                                   
                                                                        
             Hattrick.Manager.v2.59.Multilingual.WinALL.Cracked-BRD             
                                
 
           Cracked by...: BRD Cult              Size.....: 1                     
           Suplied......: BRD Cult              Date.....: 11/25/2009           
           Packaged.....: BRD Cult              Type.....: Crack                
           Protection...: Asprotect             Os.......: WinALL               
           
                                                      
 
                                                   
                   
    

   
      |
                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                 DESCRiPTiON                          
                                  
          Hattrick Manager is a support tool for the online soccer           
          management game Hattrick at http://www.hattrick.org/          
                                                                                
          Here are some of the features:                                        
                                                                                
          The Original Management Tool                                          
          Hattrick Manager was first! Continuously developed for more           
          than 7 years!           
          Multilanguage (supports over 30 languages)                            
          Translated to all major languages as soon as a new version is           
          released           
          CHPP approved                                                         
          Approved as a Certified Hattrick Product Provider                     
          Auto Lineup                                                           
          Automatic generation of optimal lineup according to your           
          strategy           
          Training                                                              
          See your training history and track player's training           
          progress to determine when they will raise a skill           
          Opponent Preview                                                      
          Have a look and analyze your upcoming opponents.                      
          Best Position                                                         
          Immediately see what position is ideal for your players               
          Weather Impact                                                        
          See how your players' performance is affected by the weather           
          Sort players based on their skills                                    
          Sort your players based on their skills, you may even define           
          your own columns based on sort profiles           
          Sort Profiles                                                         
          Define your own sort profiles of weighted skills.                     
          Player Categories                                                     
          Put your players in different categories (A Squad, B Squad,           
          etc) for easy management and better statistics           
          Comparison                                                            
          Compare team details and player skills between different           
          dates           
          Positions                                                             
          Drag-and-drop players between positions on the field for           
          maximum overview           
          Player Development                                                    
          See how a player's skill and all other details changes over           
          time (including sort profiles)           
          Team History                                                          
          History of all team details for the entire team or just for           
          the players in a specific category           
          League Info                                                           
          Information and statistics about your current league                  
          Matches                                                               
          List previously played matches with statistics                        
          Match View                                                            
          See statistics of a match together with lineup and match           
          report           
          Player Tryout                                                         
          Tryout potential transfer players or alter the skills of your           
          existing players to see how they would perform.           
          Arena                                                                 
          Calculate the optimal arena size and see how the effect on           
          your economy           
          Export                                                                
          Export player data to use in Excel                                    
          Information Overview                                                  
          Get all the necessary details and information about your team           
          in an easy accessible way           
          Top Scorers                                                           
          List of top players based on career, league, friendly and cup           
          goals as well as hattricks           
          And much, much more...                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
          	
	
	
          URL: http://www.hattrickmanager.org                                 


                                                   
                   
    

   
      |
                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
                               iNSTALL NOTES                      

          Install the program and use our patch.                                
          Enjoy!                                                                
            
        
                

                                                   
                   
    

   
      |
                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                  GROUP NOTES                     
               
           
          Team BRD is not responsible for the bad usage of this product.
          This release is for EVALUATION PURPOSES ONLY.
          if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.
          
          Remember, this is an INTERNAL SCENE RELEASE, we DONT support 
          the spread of this rls over web or p2p networks.
          
          
          The Black Riders Cult is looking for:
          
          <.>  Experienced Crackers, Unpackers and keygenners.
          <.>  Software Suppliers.
          <.>  Legit 10mbit+ .EU with at least 650gb of space private use.
          
          -> Dont waste your time requesting, or offering .US servers. <-
          
          t h e b r d [at] m a i l [dot] r u 
          

                                            
                                      
                           
          
          
          
        
           
              
            
            
            
             
             
          
            
            
            
     
        |
                                        
                                                                jer^dfs
                                                                     
                                                                        
               you will never defeat the riddle of the black riders..
Crack/Patch.exe:F9911B23
Setup/hm259.exe:FD2CC7C5