The Warriors for the Ps2                                     Rel. 10/17/2005


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang:          English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Rating:        M (Mature)
Dev. By:       Rockstar Games
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2, or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with WinRar, game was tested and works.

Try 7zip its free google it, if don't have WinRar.


(You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
        
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
        
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
       
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
       
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

You will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with 

ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

Based on the 1979 Paramount Pictures film of the same name and voiced by most of the original cast, The Warriors follows the career of a Coney Island street gang. Starting months before the events of the film, The Warriors expand and defend their Coney Island turf, while proving that they are heavy enough players to join The Riffs’ network. With a citywide rep, they can get invited to a major gang meeting where the future of New York street crime will be decided. 

The game follows the nine lead members of The Warriors (with flashback missions showing how they came to The Warriors): leader Cleon, Swan, Ajax, Cowboy, Cochise, Snow, Fox, Rembrandt, and Vermin. During the game, the player will control each member, usually acting as a war chief and leading a squad of Warriors on a mission. Missions vary from simply wrecking another crew to completing a series of objectives while avoiding arrest or worse. 

During missions, players can mug pedestrians, steal car radios, commit smash and grabs, tag walls or bomb other gangs’ burners, and load up on flash. Between each story based mission, The Warriors return to their Coney Island hangout where they can train to improve their stats, go out on patrol, review their accomplishments, replay levels, or enter into a series of quick-play combat matches. 

The game plays like a squad-based brawler. Each Warrior has his own fighting style and much of the game environment can be weaponized. Fights are fast and often brutal, but stealth is also an option. Players can perform stealthy finishing moves and distract police or other gang members with thrown bottles. The game’s environments are fully 3D allowing Warriors to escape along the rooftops, hop over fences, or dash into shadowy areas.


Game Pics included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Best to burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim Or use Tayio Yuden DVD+R or DVD-R Media for best quality.

Using any other media might not work at all.

If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.


Enjoy!