File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Orianthi Panagaris, known mononymously as Orianthi, is an Australian singer and guitarist. Orianthi is best known for being Michael Jackson's guitarist for his comeback concert series, This Is It. Her debut single "According to You" has peaked at #6 in Australia and #21 in the US, and her debut album Believe was released throughout the last three months of 2009 worldwide.

Believe is the second studio album by Australian guitarist Orianthi and her debut album recorded for a major label. It was released on October 26, 2009 by Geffen Records. The album's release was pushed back by Geffen to coincide with the compilation album This Is It by Michael Jackson, as a result of the publicity generated from her appearance in the concert film of the same name. The album peaked at number 125 at the Billboard 200.

The song "Believe" from which the album is titled, is a cover of the Niels Brinck's song "Believe Again", best known as the Danish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.

Steven Siro "Steve" Vai (born June 6, 1960) is an Italian American rock guitarist, songwriter, vocalist, producer, beekeeper, and actor. After starting his professional career as a music transcriptionist for Frank Zappa, Vai would also record and tour in Zappa's backing band starting in 1980. The guitarist began a solo career starting in 1984 and has released 13 solo albums as of 2008. Apart from his work with Frank Zappa, Vai has also recorded and toured with numerous musical artists including Alcatrazz, David Lee Roth and Whitesnake. Vai has been a regular touring member of the G3 Concert Tour which began in 1996. In 1999 Vai started his own record label Favored Nations with the intent to showcase, as Vai describes: "...artists that have attained the highest performance level on their chosen instruments."

Vai is widely recognized as a highly technically advanced rock guitarist and has been described as a virtuoso in the world of guitar music. His 1990 album Passion and Warfare and the ballad For the Love of God in particular received a significant amount of press and are often cited by critics and fans alike as amongst his best work to date.

Vai's playing style has been characterized as quirky and angular, owing to his technical ability with the instrument and deep knowledge of music theory. His playing can also be described as lyrical, as if sung by a human voice. That is why his melodies are hard to duplicate as they are not strict tempo. In fact they are sometimes terribly close to off tempo, as if falling down a flight of stairs but landing on your feet. He often uses exotic guitars; he plays both double and triple neck guitars, and is regarded as the first to use the 7-string guitar in a rock context. Along with Ibanez, he designed a signature 7-string guitar, the Ibanez Universe in 1989, which provided the low-end rumble many guitarists were craving.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

