eac secure, log, scans (PDF)

Artist: 	Joe Pass	Release Date: 	Nov 18, 1997
Format: 	CD	Record Label: 	Pablo Records
Number of Discs: 	4 Discs	UPC: 	025218442329
Genre: 	Jazz	Duration: 	Box Set

DISC 1: SOLO:
1. Cheek to Cheek
2. Blues For Fred / They All Laughed
3. Night and Day
4. Here's That Rainy Day
5. Have You Met Miss Jones?
6. Passanova
7. Sultry
8. Indian Summer
9. Lush Life
10. Weaselocity
11. Giant Steps
12. Misty
13. Blues For Basie
14. Star Eyes
15. Blues For Angel
16. Song For Ellen
17. How Deep Is the Ocean?

DISC 2: GROUP:
1. Relaxin' at Camarillo
2. Tenderly
3. Gee Baby, Ain't I Good to You?
4. Do Nothin' till You Hear From Me
5. Samba de Orfeu
6. Seulb
7. Riff Blues
8. Bluesology
9. Cotton Tail
10. O Barquinho :: Little Boat
11. Gentle Rain, The :: Chuva Delicado
12. As Long as I Live
13. It Ain't Necessarily So
14. D-Joe
15. Anouman
16. Belleville

DISC 3: LIVE:
1. Eric's Smoozie Blues
2. Beautiful Love
3. Time For Love, A
4. Tarde
5. Gentle Tears
6. Lover Man (Oh, Where Can You Be?)
7. Oleo
8. Blues For Monty
9. Stompin' at the Savoy
10. Ornithology
11. Samba de Orfeu
12. Donna Lee
13. Sweet Georgia Brown

DISC 4: VOCAL/DUO:
1. You Took Advantage of Me
2. All Too Soon
3. I Didn't Know About You
4. You Go to My Head
5. Easy Living
6. Why Don't You Do Right?
7. Alone Together
8. Baileywick
9. S'il Vous Plait
10. Lover Man (Oh, Where Can You Be?)
11. Tricotism
12. Blues For 2
13. Dindi
14. Takeoff
15. My Old Flame
16. I Didn't Know What Time It Was
17. Autumn Leaves

Details
Contributing artists:	Duke Ellington, Ella Fitzgerald, Herb Ellis, Jimmy Rowles, Louie Bellson, Oscar Peterson, Ray Brown, Shelly Manne
Distributor:	Fantasy (distributor)
Recording type:	Mixed
Recording mode:	Stereo
SPAR Code:	n/a

Album notes
Personnel includes: Joe Pass (guitar); Jim Hughart, Colin Bailey, Ray Brown, Bobby Durham, Herb Ellis, Oscar Peterson, Plas Johnson, Gerald Wiggins, Andy Simpkins, Albert "Tootie" Heath, Duke Ellington, Louie Bellson, Paulinho Da Costa, Oscar Castro Neves, Claudio Slon, Octavio Bailly, Don Gruisin, Jimmy Rowles, Shelly Manne, Frank Severino, Monty Budwig, Niels-Henning Orsted Pederson, Ella Fitzgerald, Zoot Sims, Sarah Vaughan, Harold Jones.
Recorded between 1973 and 1992.
As this lavishly boxed, four-CD distillation of his Pablo sessions proves, Joe Pass was probably the guitar-playing equivalent of Art Tatum on the Norman Granz roster -- not only for his vast output, but also for the all-encompassing, almost orchestral way in which he got around his instrument. The set is divided equally into four sections -- disc one for his astounding solo electric and acoustic guitar sides, disc two for studio recordings with various groups, disc three for various live recordings solo and with groups, disc four the delicate Ella Fitzgerald and other duo partner sessions and quartet pieces backing Sarah Vaughan. Though the box is not in chronological order -- which is not necessary here, since Pass was essentially a finished, non-evolving artist when he joined Pablo -- Jim Ferguson's helpful commentary on the sessions is chronologically organized, balancing out Benny Green's personalized disc-by-disc analysis of the tracks. A couple of tracks with a modern Brazilian rhythm section also stand out, as does the supercharged "Sweet Georgia Brown" with Oscar Peterson and Niels-Henning Orsted Pedersen, and the set's lengthiest item, a fond ten-and-a-half-minute take out on "Stompin' at the Savoy" live at Donte's club in North Hollywood, CA. The latter track and a scant two others are the only ones new to CD, and there are no unreleased goods to be heard, but with five hours of Pass taken a little at a time, this box will wear very well over the years. ~ Richard S. Ginell
