Travel Channel Julian&Camilla's World Odyssey
http://www.travelchannel.co.uk/J%2BC/

A documentary travel series presented by Julian Hanton and Camilla Andersen. It unravels unscripted travel plans and all the bizarre encounters made along the way, such as masked Mexican wrestlers, Thai transsexuals, Indian gurus, Jamaican conmen and Peruvian Alien Worshippers. 
Cheapskate traveller Julian and his laid-back companion Camilla explore the more bizarre aspects of our world, as well as capturing the feel of the traveller network. Interviewing other travellers and getting to the bottom of each country’s sub-culture.

The series switches between the fun and lighthearted moments travellers treasure; and the insights and experiences that lie beneath a country's facade, which travellers remember

Colombia
With excited and nervous expectations about this destination, Julian and Camilla begin their Colombian Odyssey in the south of the country in the steamy city of Cali. Almost as soon as they arrive they learn how much Colombia loves to dance, and in Cali, salsa reigns supreme. They get a lesson from some of the best in the city and that night they attend an insane festival of Salsa where they attempt unsuccessfully to dance together.

Noticing that while many stereotypes about Colombia no longer ring true, Julian is pleased to observe that Colombian women are very beautiful and well endowed. Camilla investigates something that Colombia is famous for – good quality plastic surgery and cheap prices and meets one of Cali’s most famous plastic surgeons who is willing to cut her a deal to sort out her “problem areas”.

Moving on to Medellin, Julian decides to continue their investigation into Colombian beauty and goes on an awkward date with a beauty queen. Our presenters find Medellin to be a modern forward thinking city that is keen to move on from its past as one of the most dangerous cities in the world when it was ruled by the infamous drug lord, Pablo Escobar. They decide to visit the barrio where Pablo’s assassins all used to live and find the entrepreneurial spirit lives on here as they take a tour with young Freddy, keen to show them how things have really changed.

High in the hills, Colombia’s capital city Bogota is their next stop where they are lucky to meet two very important people, Colombia’s Vice President and the oldest serving policeman in Colombia, Mayor Humberto. Mayor Humberto is very keen to show Julian and Camilla places in his city where he was involved in some historic moments and tells our presenters why he loves being a policeman in Colombia.

A short flight north, our travellers arrive at the Caribbean coast city of Cartagena, Colombia’s colonial gem and biggest tourist attraction. They find a beautiful city that loves to party and Julian gets hot and bothered doing some sexy dancing. He and Camilla decide to cool off and bathe in a volcano with healing properties and lose their clothes in the mud bath mayhem.

The final stop on their journey is the oldest city in South America, Santa Marta. They escape the midday heat to get a beer in a small café and meet a very friendly local man who wants to introduce them to the hero of the barrio – international football star Carlos Valderama. Along the way they meet the people of the barrio and also run into the Colombian version of the world’s most powerful man.

Their time in Colombia finishes at the beautiful beaches of Parque Tayrona and our presenters reflect on how things have changed in this amazing country.