 http://bayimg.com/kAJbgaaCl

English | PDF | 115 Pages

Why Home Made Power Plant?

There is one disturbing fact that people are slowly beginning to realize. We can't depend on fossil fuels for our energy forever.
Oil prices are skyrocketing around the world. People are fighting and dying over oil reserves. The damage to our planet and our climate is irreversible and is becoming more and more apparent by the day.
Put shortly, chances are that if we don't do something about our energy situation now, our kids and their kids are going to have to face some extremely difficult challenges in the future.
But what can we do? It seems that most alternative energy choices are too expensive to mass market. As an individual, is there really anything you can do to make a difference?
We're going to answer those questions and a whole lot more throughout this book. We'll look at some of things you can start doing right now, today, to do your part in solving the world's energy crisis.
Today is the day for change. This is your action plan for change. In this book you will not find dry, boring scientific claims that global warming and climate change will be the end of us all.In this book you will find interesting and easy to follow plans to build your own homemade solar panels, find free or inexpensive solar panels, and find free batteries too. Many problems plague the modern World right now- whether your concern is pollution, rising gas and oil prices in the future, or you fear blackouts and higher energy costs in the future. The solution to our everyday energy and lifestyle problems really lies in our own backyard. The actions we take and the decisions we make everyday can affect change. How do I know this?No, I don’t have a fancy science degree from a famous university, and I don’t support fancy name brand societies that line their own pockets in the name of marketing ‘Green’ choices.
My family has simply made the choice to implement a lifestyle that would no longer contribute to global warming and climate change. The truth is that we have been doing this for 21 years and we see it working.
That’s the important part in all of this. We all have to take personal responsibility for our own part in global warming or there will be no change. Back in the 1960’s when I grew up I thought we could keep consuming the Earth’s resources without any consequences.