Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Dance Bailalo" is the first single from Kat DeLuna's sophomore album Inside Out. The song samples "Magalenha" from Sérgio Mendes. The Spanish version of the song is solely called "Bailalo". There is also a remix entitled "Go Girl (Dance Bailalo)"

With "Unstoppable" as a promo single for the movie Confessions of a Shopaholic, Kat DeLuna and Universal Motown have decided that "Dance Bailalo" will be the first single from Inside Out. On April 6, 2009, "Dance Bailalo" debuted on NYC's La Mega 97.9 radio station. On August 19, Kat DeLuna and producer RedOne released a video onstating that the lead single for "Inside Out" was almost ready, meaning Dance Bailalo may not be the record's first single.

Kathleen Emperatriz DeLuna (born November 26[2], 1987 in The Bronx, New York) is an American Pop and R&B singer of Dominican heritage, better known by her stage name Kat DeLuna. She is currently signed to Universal Motown, after previously being signed to Epic. She is noted for her Soprano vocal range and has won one Latin Billboard Music Award for her debut single "Whine Up".

DeLuna premiered a new song called "Calling You", specifying that it was only an exclusive single and not a single from her second album. She premiered the song on her MySpace page and her website. Dawn Richard, ex-Danity Kane member, has confirmed to be writing for Kat DeLuna's upcoming album. DeLuna filmed the video for her third worldwide single "In The End," which was only released in Europe. The video for the single premiered onin January 2009, along with the unreleased video for "Am I Dreaming?".

In 2009, her single "Unstoppable" featuring Lil' Wayne (featured on the soundtrack of the 2009 film Confessions of a Shopaholic starring Isla Fisher) was released. She released a video, and set out on a "Gay Club" tour in February 2009 in the United States. Currently she released a new single entitled "Dance Bailalo", labelled "the single of the summer of 2009" by the popular pop culture blogger Perez Hilton. She is currently recording tracks for her 2-disc English/Spanish album, Inside Out. In June 2009, Kat DeLuna performed at New York City's Fashion Industries High School prom, as the star of My Prom Style's official website feature: "Ultimate Prom" fashion reality series. Three aspiring teen designers are competing to design the dress she wears to prom, and the pattern of the winning dress will be produced and sold nationwide by Simplicity Patterns.

After the releases of "Unstoppable" and "Dance Bailalo", Kat DeLuna will release the official first single from Inside Out entitled Push Push in the first quarter of 2010. The song was produced by RADIO and written by Nasri, RADIO, Tiwa Savage and Kat Deluna and features Akon. The album will follow in April 2010, although an official date has yet to be confirmed.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

