THE ECHO DVDrip


VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 01:35:58
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Hrant Alianak ... Max
Jamie Bloch ... Carly
Jesse Bradford ... Bobby
Iza Calzado ... Gina
Brendan Carmody ... University student
Kevin Durand ... Walter
Jayne Eastwood ... Lucille Jiminez
Bathsheba Garnett ... Old Russian Woman
Marvin Hinz ... Detective
Stacey LaBerge ... Student
Paul Sun-Hyung Lee ... Dr. Morris
Carlos Leon ... Hector
Louise Linton

PLOT
An ex-con moves into an old apartment building, where he encounters a domestic problem involving a police officer, his wife, and their daughter. When he tries to intervene, however, a mysterious curse entraps him.

Who can it be knocking at my door? Go 'way, don't come 'round here no more. – Men at Work

If those lyrics ever rang true, it was with this movie. Yam Laranas’ ‘The Echo" takes you on a fright-filled journey with a horror film that is finally able to deliver the goods. The Echo (Sigaw) is both "intense" as well "frightening" and when you’re not "jumping out of your seat" you can easily find yourself squirming with anticipation of "what’s to come."

I’m a huge fan of horror movies and not to many of them really win me over. "The Eye" as well as "A Tale of Two Sisters" is two of my favorite horror films, as well as two of my favorite "Asian Horror" films and "The Echo" easily rates right along with them – it’s that good of a film.

As of late "The Echo" has been getting a lot of praises during it’s current run on the Film Festival circuit - Official Selection: Screamfest L.A. (2005), Winner: Best Editing/Best Sound, Metro Manila Film Festival (2004), Winner: Best Cinematography & Visual Design, Young Critics Circle (2004), Winner: Best Editing/Best Sound Young Critics Circle (2004), Winner: Best Supporting Actress Iza Calzado, Gawad Urian (2004) – and I have to say, they are all well deserved.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0897347/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS