Two wrongs are only the              
           beginning.                          
                                               
                          
                                                             
                                             
                                                   
                                                         
                                                       
                                                 
                The diGERATi Present                  
                                                                            
                 DbWrench_v1.6.2_MultiOS-DIGERATI           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                           Release Info                            
                                                                       
                                                                       
      Cracker ......: DIGERATI       Release-Type..: Regged            
      Packager......: DIGPACKER      Release-Date..: 12/3/2009         
       Supplier......: DIGERATI       Protection....: Serial            
       Coder.........: DIGERATI       OS............: MultiOS           
      Company.......: Nizana Systems Files.........: xx/04             
                                                                       
      URL: http://www.dbwrench.com                                    
                                                                   
                                                           
                                               
                                             
              Release Notes              
                                                         
                                                     
                                                                 
                                                                       
                                                                         
        DbWrench is a multi vendor, cross platform database design       
        and round-trip engineering software.                             
                                                                         
        DbWrench's features include: a graphic entity relation           
        diagram (ERD) designer, ability to forward and reverse           
        engineer databases, a syntax highlighting SQL query              
        editor, and support for many of today's most popular             
        databases.                                                       
                                                                         
        DbWrench is written in pure java allowing it run on              
        numerous operating systems.                                      
                                                                         
        Here are some key features of "DbWrench":                        
                                                                         
         Generate HTML documentation of database designs                
         Export ERDs to PNG and JPEG formats                            
         Color coding of database tables and foreign keys               
         Table templates make adding common columns easy                
         Add foriegn keys with a single click                           
         SQL is customized for each specific DBMS                       
         Synchronization scripts generated based on current             
        server database schema                                           
         Generates a log of forward engineering results and errors      
         Select portions of SQL scripts to execute                      
         Reverse engineer existing databases                            
         Translate database schema from one DBMS to another             
         Full round-trip engineering including generating update        
        scripts                                                          
         Currently supports MySQL, PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL            
        Server and Access                                                
         Multiple operating system support                              
         Syntax highlighting editor                                     
         Create abbreviations for common commands and entity names      
         Execute multiple queries simultaneously                        
         Display query results in tables or as text                     
         Sort result sets by clicking on table headers                  
         Translate common proprietary DBMS commands to another          
        DBMS                                                             
         Support for most PSQL commands                                 
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                       
                                                             
                   Install  Notes                    
                                                 
                                             
                                                                 
                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                     
      1. Unpack and install the software                             
      2. Use one of the serials in ser.txt to register               
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                       
                                                                         
                                         
                                       
                                                            
                     Mission Statement:                         
      A few years ago, DiGERATi emerged onto the scene.            
      Focusing on quality rather than quantity, our                
      members have successfully tackled some of the toughest       
      challenges in the scene.  Working as a closely unified      
         team we have maintained some of the highest standards          
       for security, quality, innovation, and comradery in the        
       scene today. DiGERATi is not one or two hardworking            
         persons; it is a force of hardworking people. Respect          
        is not to be demanded; it is to be earned!  We look           
     forward to working even harder in the future to continue     
   & to earn the respect of our peers. For anyone other than   
    our peers, WE DO NOT EXIST!                               
                                                          
                                                       
                                                         
                                     
                          
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                         
                   Our Respect goes out to:                          
                                                                          
        BliZZARD BRD CORE CRD DELIGHT DVT DDU EAT F4CG EMBRACE         
             HAZE HERETIC LZ0 SHOCK SSG TBE UNDERPL ZWT            
                                                                   
     Greets to all who work hard help make the scene secure!     
                                                                  
    A special thanks to those who supported us in the past and   
    helped to make us what we are today.Also,a major thanks to    
    those that broke the trail for us but can no longer be        
       here amongst us.                                                 
                                                                       
        Who are the "digerati" and why are they "the cyber elite"?      
         They are the doers and thinkers. They are not on the           
              frontier, they are the frontier!!...                      
                                                                   
                                                                
                                                               
                                                             
                                                       
                                                         
                                    
                          
                                                                     
 Yce