looking for eric.DVDrip.Xvid


Genre:
Comedy | Drama | Fantasy | Sport more
Plot:
Eric a football fanatic postman whose life is descending in to crisis receives some life coaching from the famously philosophical Eric Cantona.

	Steve Evets	 ... 	Eric Bishop
	Eric Cantona	... 	Eric
	Stephanie Bishop	... 	Lily

	Gerard Kearns	... 	Ryan

	Stefan Gumbs	... 	Jess
	Lucy-Jo Hudson	... 	Sam
	Cole Williams	... 	Daisy
	Dylan Williams	... 	Daisy

	Matthew McNulty	... 	Young Eric
	Laura Ainsworth	... 	Young Lily
	Max Beesley	... 	Eric's Father (as Maxton Beesley)
	Kelly Bowland	... 	Ryan's Girlfriend
	Julie Brown	... 	Nurse

	John Henshaw	... 	Meatballs
	Justin Moorhouse	... 	Spleen

Man Utd fans will obviously love this and I'm not a Utd fan. However i have to say this is the most entertaining film of Ken Loach's since Bread & Roses nearly a decade ago. It has a good story and is realistically acted by a cast of unknowns and semi-familiar faces. For a film about a legendary and iconic footballer it doesn't ram football down the throats of the non-fans. What the film does do is bring up just how important football is for many people, the way it can unite and connect them in a way that has otherwise disappeared in Britain.

I won't give any of the story away but this film drags you down to a point where you wonder how the protagonist will get out of a very dire dilemma. Yet the ending is so well written you are guaranteed to come out of the cinema smiling at the way just desserts are dished out. The film is brutal in places and the language strong yet the excellent acting keeps it watchable and Monsieur Cantona himself seems very comfortable in front of a film camera (although sometimes his accent makes his dialog a little hard to understand). Cantona plays with his image wonderfully, being both self important and yet always likable and sometimes quite happy to deflate his own ego, being respectful about how lucky he was to have had such a memorable and legendary career without ever being truly arrogant (a fact a certain Mr C Ronaldo could do well to absorb) and acknowledging the role of the fans in his career. Lets put it another way, King Eric will always be remembered and respected in this country by all supporters for his great ability and the respect he had for the game and his club. Ronaldo will just be remembered as a talented but greedy young man who left probably the biggest club in the world for a larger pay packet.

Its difficult for me to say any more without giving away the plot but lets just say this is a film about never giving up hope when all seems lost because sometimes help will come from the most unexpected sources. 