Infestation.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


Infestation is a strange hybrid between a car game and a 3D shooter with some tactical claim. I only played the first couple of levels, just to check that it worked flawlessly under XP (at least on my system) without tricks of any sort, fact that fortunately I can confirm.
My PC is equipped with an Intel Core 2 duo and an ATI X1950XT. Maybe other configuration may encounter issues or graphical glitches
Based on a science fiction plot about human colonies being attacked by swarming aliens, the game is all about taking on a series of missions on a combat vehicle on the battlefield of different planets.
Although those battlefields might look very much like a rally racing track, anyway there is more than running through a series of check points, shooting at things. There are resources to collect, structures to activate, weapons and features to upgrade and other activities. Your car can even acquire the ability to change shape to face different situations (from buggy to truck, to hovercraft, to helijet, to skimmer).

I haven't played the game enough to say much about it. My feeling is that potentially, it might be fun, thanks to all the different features of game play implemented. On the other side, the graphics are very simplicistic and the animations are often crude. Also sound is dull. What is worst, controlling the car (at least with keyboard) is quite annoying. Maybe an analogue controller would give more satisfaction (there's the option for using a multibutton joystick, or pad).

Thinking of it, the gameplay is similar to what I saw in Activision's Battlezone. I liked very much Battlezone and, although it was released some 2 years before Infestation, in my opinion it performed much better than Ubisoft's efttort, both graphically and from a gameplay design point of view. Nor it has the immersive characterisation of briefing and in game speech of Battlezone.
The action part of infestation is more similar to games like Slave Zero, but due to the fact of controlling a car, rather than a humanoid robot, controls are less immediate.


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game And Play


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED



