Description:
Meatballs
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079540/

Mr. Depressingly Unpopular Rudy goes to summer camp full of rowdy teenagers. The head counselor
is Tripper Harrison, the prank pulling, girl seducing, fun lover, teasing both his boss and the
counselors at the nearby rich kids camp. He and everyone else are sick and tired of always losing
the Camp Olympics every year, Tripper must encourage all campers to try their hardest, and even
convince young Rudy that this may be his chance to feel better about himself.


Meatballs Part II
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087700/

"The second in-name-only sequel to the first Meatballs summer camp movie sets us at Camp Sasquash
where the owner Giddy tries to keep his camp open after it's threatened with foreclosure after Hershey,
the militant owner of Camp Patton located just across the lake, wants to buy the entire lake area to expand
Camp Patton. Giddy suggests settling the issue with the traditional end-of-the-summer boxing match over
rights to the lake. Meanwhile, a tough, inner city punk, nicknamed Flash, is at Camp Sasquash for
community service as a counselor-in-training where he sets his sights on the naive and intellectual
Cheryl, while Flash's young charges befriend an alien, whom they name Meathead, also staying at the
camp for the summer." - IMDB.

Recorded off Universal-HD ( has a small logo for a short period of time )
Enjoy


Meatballs Part III
 
http://imdb.com/title/tt0093516/

A 14-year-old boy named Rudy is trying desperately to lose his virginity.
When he spends the night with his friend Wendy (whom secretly loves him and he doesn't realize she's
the one for him) and they watch a porno film called "E.A.T. M.E.: The Sextra-Terestrial" starring
Roxanne Du Jour. When the movie is turned off, they discover on the news that the famous porn star
has died. Meanwhile in Heaven, Roxanne must become an angel by committing one good deed. She decides
to help young Rudy lose his virginity. It just so happens that Rudy has a crush on the "Love Goddess"
who just happens to be the sister of the town bully, Mean Gene.

Video: Divx 29.97 352X264 Fullscreen


Meatballs Part IV
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104837/

Synopsis:
Ricky is the hottest water-ski instructor around and he has just be rehired by his former employer/camp
to whip up attendance. But the camp is in serious financial trouble and the owner of a rival, more popular,
camp wants to buy them out. Therefore they will have to engage in a mean, winner-takes-all competition
that will settle the row once and for all.
Audio: MPGA 44.1KHz @ 192k