Judy Garland
A Star Is Born
Soundtrack
1988
FLAC

1988 Soundtrack Release

1. Overture
2. Gotta Have Me Go with You
3. The Man That Got Away
4. Born in a Trunk Medley
5. Here's What I'm Here For
6. It's a New World
7. Someone at Last
8. Lose That Long Face

All I need is a woman like Judy Garland ....

A STAR IS BORN was conceived as a comeback vehicle for Judy Garland, who gives a fascinating and heartrending performance in perhaps the finest work of her career. This film was director George...  A STAR IS BORN was conceived as a comeback vehicle for Judy Garland, who gives a fascinating and heartrending performance in perhaps the finest work of her career. This film was director George Cukor's first musical and first color picture; the tale of a doomed Hollywood couple, it was a remake of the 1937 William Wellman movie with Janet Gaynor and Fredric March. Garland plays young singer Esther, who saves Norman Maine (James Mason), a famous star, from making a fool of himself onstage. Maine is an alcoholic whose career is on the wane but who manages, nonetheless, to acknowledge Esther's talent and help her jump-start a career in Hollywood. But as her star rises and his declines, Maine's misery grows. Harold Arlen and Ira Gershwin provided Garland with songs that would become standards in her concert repertoire, including "The Man That Got Away," which earned an Oscar nomination for Best Song.


The soundtrack has never been out of print. It was originally released by Columbia Records in 1954 in 12-inch 78 rpm and 10 and 12-inch 33⅓ rpm editions.

In 1988, Columbia released the soundtrack on compact disc, taking the overture and the main musical numbers directly from the film's stereo soundtrack due to the fact no stereo soundtrack masters existed.

In 2004, in commemoration of the film's 50th anniversary, Columbia, Legacy Recordings, and Sony Music Soundtrax released a nearly complete, digitally-remastered, expanded edition of the soundtrack. Due to the lack of a complete multitrack version of all songs and score from the film, the CD includes a mix of monaural and stereo elements in order to make as complete a soundtrack as possible.


Enjoy!

Comments: weeweehours@gmail.com

Share ratio of 5 or higher requested. 