The Rolling Stones
ABKCO 2002 SACD's Reissues

• These recordings are superior sound sources to any other previously available, including German and Japanese London/PolyGram CD issues.
• They have quality digipack type packaging and nice picture CD's. This packaging was clearly influenced by the illegitimate Mono digipacks that came out in the 2000/2001 time frame.
• Only three bonus tracks added to the whole remaster series. The original track listings are not sanctified (IMHO) and therefore greater advantage could have been taken of the extended media time available to add unreleased era tracks from each album.
• Good effort has been made to get the proper takes of songs with different versions correct with respect to those used on the original vinyl releases. These were confused on the initial ABKCO CD releases.

Super Audio CD - Hybrid Audiophile Sound - Digipak Packaging is re-mastered by ABKCO featuring ORIGINAL LINER NOTES  . The greatest advancement since the introduction of stereo, Super Audio CDs employ the innovative single-bit encoding system, Direct Stream Digital. Every SACD performs superbly with Compact Disc Players as well as the New SACD Players. Remember Hybrid SACDs will play back beautifully on all CD players.

The Rolling Stones SACD : Let It Bleed  018771900429

SACD Tracklisting :

1. Gimme Shelter
2. Love In Vain
3. Country Honk
4. Live With Me
5. Let It Bleed
6. Midnight Rambler
7. You Got The Silver
8. Monkey Man
9. You Can't Always Get What You Want
10. * Extra Track  Everybody Needs Somebody (Live Bootleg)

The last Stones studio album of the '60s finds the band, for perhaps the first time, accurately reflecting the spirit of its age. The erstwhile bad boy outsiders of rock now found themselves firmly in the center of the social and political post-'68 whirlwind, and faced up to the challenge magnificently. The band's confident climb to its artistic peak was begun by BEGGAR'S BANQUET, but LET IT BLEED is a quantum leap even from that musical milestone.
The album's opener, "Gimme Shelter," with its insinuating guitar introduction, leads us decisively out of Flower Power and into a world where rape and murder are "just a shot away," and the Devil of BANQUET is very much alive and taking names. There's a nod to seminal influence Robert Johnson, whose "Love in Vain" is a mandolin-accompanied highlight. The climax arrives in the form of "You Can't Always Get What You Want," bearing references to the fallout of the Swinging London era. LET IT BLEED finds the Stones brimming with musical confidence and artistic inspiration.

This Super Audio disc is a Stereo SACD, Multichannel SACD and contains a CD layer which allows the SACD to be played on any CD player or DVD player with SACD capability.
