Season 10, Episode 9: Company of Thieves

Cameron Mitchell must go undercover inside the Lucian Alliance to find the location of the hijacked Odyssey. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 10, Episode 10: The Quest: Part 1

During their Quest for the Sangraal SG-1 must join forces with their enemy and face a real-life dragon. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 10, Episode 11: The Quest: Part 2

The SG-1 team hadn't counted on a real dragon as the guardian, until one flies out, breathing fire. However, Daniel thinks the Sangraal probably is a hologram. They escape, but the dragon follows them outside. Ba'al admits not to know its secret name, while Daniel believes that the name probably holds power over it. While they guess, Cam thinks of luring the dragon to blow it up, but the C4 barely impresses its digestion. Daniel makes it disappear by using Morgan LeFay's name in Ancient, Ganos Lal. They find it had guarded the frozen 'grave' of the realm's arch-magician, Merlin (or rather, Myrrdin). Vala accidentally triggers a mechanism, which revives Merlin, when she approaches an Ancient repository device. In the meantime, the team is transported to other planet via the obelisk by the gate outside. Sam surmises that the gate and obelisk are programmed to dial automatically every few hours and transport them to a set of planets that are cut off from the rest of the gate system. Unfortunately, they can't dial out to any other planets either while the program is operating. When he comes to, Merlin seems to confuse the team and Ba'al, with Arthurian characters, but once convinced they are on the same side, he goes to work with the Ancient device to create the Sangraal. Merlin dies at the device, wishing them good luck and referring to one last task. Ba'al's stargate programming skills now seem their only chance. Daniel tries the Ancient repository device himself, but is knocked unconscious. Meanwhile, Adria keeps searching for them via the stargate dialing program on a different planet- each time a bit quicker, being one planet behind them. While she is searching, the team is once again transported to other planet, minus Merlin's body. Daniel awakens with valuable memories from Merlin, and tries to construct the Sangraal using the repository device again in exhaustingly intense phases and finds it also gives him telekinetic powers. It also messes with Daniel's mind, having two different personalities and memories present (his own and Merlin's). Before he can finish the work, Sam and Ba'al disengage the dialing device, just as Adria's Ori troops arrive, allowing SG-1 to escape. Adria is able to capture Daniel before he can escape as well. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 10, Episode 12: Line in the Sand

When an entire people may suffer the fatal wrath of a Prior of the Ori for not converting, General Landry orders Carter to try out an experimental device based on Merlin's technology to transport their whole village. The test works, but before they can activate it on a sufficiently large scale, an Ori force takes the village, wounds Sam and kills villagers near the Stargate before Vala's very eyes. Her husband, Tomin, captures her but claims to not love her. He is ordered, as punishment for being deceived by her, to re-educate her. Sam and Cam are able to activate the functioning part of the device, so their building is cloaked from the Ori, who threaten the village leaders and discover and arrest Teal'c. Even after the remaining villagers bow in submission, the Prior decides to destroy everyone since he couldn't find Sam, which makes Tomin doubt his faith, inform Vala, and confront the Prior. The villagers want to sacrifice Teal'c, but one leader stops them. Having seen the Prior destroy the village, Tomin sends Vala down, where she sees if Carter had managed, just in time, to get the device working... 
