Revealing Research for Peak Human Performance

Robert A. Monroe, founder of Hemi-Sync, is internationally known for his work with audio sound patterns that can have dramatic effects on states of consciousness. Monroe observed, during his early research, that certain sounds create a Frequency Following Response in the electrical activity of the brain.

Those observations led to some remarkable findings dealing with the very nature of human consciousness. Researchers learned specific sounds could be blended and sequenced to gently lead the brain to various states ranging from deep relaxation or sleep to expanded states of awareness and other “extraordinary” states. This compelling research became the foundation of a noninvasive and easy-to-use audio-guidance technology known as Hemi-Sync®.

The audio-guidance process works through the generation of complex, multilayered audio signals, which act together to create a resonance that is reflected in unique brain wave forms characteristic of specific states of consciousness. The result is a focused, whole-brain state known as hemispheric synchronization, or Hemi-Sync®, where the left and right hemispheres are working together in a state of coherence. Different Hemi-Sync® signals are used to facilitate deep relaxation, focused attention or other desired states. As an analogy, lasers produce focused, coherent light. Hemi-Sync® produces a focused, coherent mind, which is an optimal condition for improving human performance.

One of the leading researchers into brain wave synchrony, Dr. Lester Fehmi, of the Princeton Biofeedback Research Institute, points out that “Synchrony represents the maximum efficiency of information transport through the whole brain.” This means that brain wave synchrony produces a sharp increase in the effects of various brain wave states. The production of synchronized, coherent electromagnetic energy by the human brain at a given frequency leads to a ‘laser-like’ condition increasing the amplitude and strength of the brain waves. It’s evident that a “highly integrated brain,” a brain, in which both hemispheres are functioning in symmetry, synchrony, harmony and unity, is a key to peak states and peak human performance.

Specific combinations of Hemi-Sync® signals, for example, can help individuals achieve laser-like focus and concentration. Depending on the intended goals, music, verbal guidance or subtle sound effects are combined with Hemi-Sync® to strengthen its effectiveness. Naturally, Hemi-Sync® sleep products incorporate predominately Delta frequencies; learning products predominantly Beta, and so forth. Users remain in total control as these recordings do not contain subliminal messages. Hemispheric synchronization does occur naturally in daily life, but typically only for random, brief periods of time. Hemi-Sync® can assist individuals in achieving and sustaining this highly productive, coherent, brain wave state.
Continuous Innovation

Robert Monroe’s work inspired an entire industry of mind/brain products. After 50 years of research, and thousands of lab sessions, the internationally acclaimed patented Hemi-Sync® process remains unparalleled in its ability to assist us in harnessing our human potential.

Thanks to the cooperation of notable medical institutions and universities, the scientifically and clinically proven Hemi-Sync® technology continues to be the focus of a variety of specialized research projects. In addition, many therapists, physicians, educators, and other professionals use Hemi-Sync® extensively.

Such research is indispensable in revealing the influence of specific Hemi-Sync® sound patterns on consciousness. Over the years, these efforts have resulted in the development of scores of individual products for specific applications such as focused attention, stress management, meditation, sleep enhancement, and pain management, to name a few.



Product Description
Lucid Dreaming provides a unique opportunity to benefit from states of expanded awareness during times we are not normally conscious. This four-exercise series on Audio DVD is designed to teach you how to program and consciously participate in your own personal dreamscape. Clinical research suggests that focusing on the dream you wish to experience while remembering that you can consciously participate in your dream state can dramatically increase your chance of success. The Lucid Dreaming Series provides a substantial advantage for those interested in lucid dreaming by incorporating the Hemi-Sync® sound technologies from Monroe Products®. These exercises were designed to facilitate the brain-wave states found in naturally occurring sleep cycles. Accordingly, each of the first three exercises is 90 minutes in length. With the expanded capacity of an Audio DVD, Exercise Four is designed for a full eight-hour sleep period to support your lucid dreaming practice. Requires a DVD player.
