Antonio Carlos Jobim - An All-Star Tribute

Direct from Brazil comes this deeply appreciative musical tribute to Antonio Carlos Jobim (1927-94), co-founder and leading composer of the Bossa Nova.
With hundreds of songs to his credit, Jobim virtually single handedly brought the Bossa Nova to the world, where it became a staple ingredient in the jazz cookbook. Jobim's new sound adapted the rhythmic variety and percussive excitement of the samba to the intimacy of syncopated guitar, while echoing the melodies and harmonies of cool jazz.
Composer of such standards as Girl From Ipanema, One Note Samba, Wave and Dindi, Jobim was inducted into the Songwriter's Hall of Fame in 1991.
V.I.E.W. Video presents an extraordinary gathering of jazz giants in this enhanced DVD presentation with many bonus features. Along with Jobim himself (in his last recorded concert appearance), these superstars recreate Jobim's classic melodies in a beautiful concert-length "Thank You."


Program:

1. Once I Loved (Shirley Horn- vocals and piano)
2. Agua De Beber (Gonzalo Rubalcaba- piano)
3. Olha Maria (Gonzalo Rubalcaba- piano, Joe Henderson- tenor sax)
4. O Grande Amor (Joe Henderson- tenor sax)
5. Chega De Saudade (Jon Hendricks- vocals, Herbie Hancock- piano)
6. A Felicidade (Gal Costa- vocals, Herbie Hancock- piano)
7. Se Todos Fossem (Gal Costa- vocals)
8. Se Todos Fossem Iguais A Voce (Gal Costa- vocals)
9. Luiza (Antonio Carlos Jobim- vocals, piano)
10. Wave (Antonio Carlos Jobim & Ensemble)
11. Garota De Ipanema (The Ensemble)


Additional musicians:
Ron Carter, bass
Alex Acuna, percussion
Paulo Jobim, guitar
Oscar Castro Neves, guitar
Harvey Mason, drums


DVD Bonus Features:

- Dolby Digital Stereo Audio
- Digitally Mastered Audio & Video
- Multi-Directional Interactive Menus
- Over 20 Scene Selections
- Instant Access to Songs
- Instant Access to Instrumental Solos
- Multiple Artists Biographies
- Hosted by Herbie Hancock


DVD Technical Notes:

Region: ALL (Original R2 removed).
Format: NTSC.
Aspect Ratio: 4:3.
Sound: Dolby Digital Stereo.
Subtitle: Japanese (the only one on the disc).
Runtime: 60 min.


Additional notes on this release:

* Japanese Release
* Source: DVD5 (Full 1:1 copy except for the region code)
* Artwork: Included 300 dpi scanned and retouched original cover and label.


Other notes:

The ISO file is DVD compatible, cross platform and ready to be burnt.
I've tested this release before uploading it here by burning my own backup copy, so you can be sure it is working 100%. 
Please do not complain about any problem you might have with it until you hash check the file integrity with a decent torrent client.



Peace to you all!