Date:
 07-14-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Lawrence Joseph, Jeffrey M. Smith 
 


Journalist and science consultant Lawrence E. Joseph discussed threats to life on Earth, including collapse of power grids from solar flares, the weakening of the magnetic field, and the solar system's move into a new area of space. Political, economic, and natural forces are all leading us into a "deadly convergence," he said. Specifically, a solar EMP blast could knock out electricity by permanently destroying transformers in the grid. If a blast like the Carrington Event of 1859 occurred again, we could see 100 million people out of electricity for a couple years, he cautioned. 

Joseph advocated for the U.S. to install a kind of surge protection for the power grid-- a plan that the House has already approved, but may get stalled in the Senate because the measure is being attached to other issues. For more on this, see his article Short-Circuiting the Great American Blackout, to be published on the Huffington Post. There's increasing evidence that Earth's magnetic shield is going down, according to NASA research, he added. 

He traveled to Siberia to interview a Russian scientist whose research indicates that our solar system is moving into an "interstellar energy cloud," which could cause cataclysmic and evolutionary changes on Earth. His findings were confirmed by a recent paper published in Nature, Joseph noted. He also spoke about his interviews with various shamans. A Guatemalan (Mayan) shaman told him that 2012 would herald the birth of a new era, and like new births there'd be "joy, blood, and pain." Siberian shamans don't see 2012 as a cataclysmic date for the world, but they do see it as "an avalanche date for collapse of the West," he reported. 

GMO Salmon
First hour guest, food expert Jeffrey Smith talked about genetically modified salmon being developed by AquaBounty Technologies. They've taken an Atlantic salmon and inserted a gene from the Chinook salmon into it, causing the fish to grow faster. If such a fish was to escape into the oceans, and there was a problem found with it, there'd be no way to "recall" it, he warned. 


Website(s):
â