Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Other Voices is a 1971 studio album by The Doors.

The recording of the album began while lead singer Jim Morrison was on holiday in France. The song "Down on the Farm" was allegedly already written at the time of the recording of the previous album[citation needed], but Morrison did not want to include it, for reasons unknown. According to Manzarek, some of the songs had been rehearsed with Morrison before he left for Paris.

The three remaining members of the band regrouped and released the album in October three months after Morrison's death. Keyboardist Ray Manzarek and guitarist Robby Krieger took Morrison's place as lead singers.

The album was not released on CD until October 23, 2006, by the Timeless Holland label, along with the final Doors album, Full Circle.

The Doors have largely disregarded the last two studio albums that were recorded without Jim Morrison, with no plans of re-issuing the albums on CD. The Doors state they are not in possession of the master tapes, but re-mastered material from both the albums has appeared on various compilations, most notably the 1997 Box Set and the 2000 compilation The Best of the Doors.

While Other Voices' inside gatefold cover states "All songs written by Krieger, Densmore, Manzarek," a lyric sheet was included with early LP editions of the album that listed individual writing credits, and some early versions of the LP include these credits on the LP record labels as well.

The Doors were an American rock band formed in 1965 in Los Angeles, California. Throughout its existence, the group consisted of vocalist Jim Morrison, keyboardist Ray Manzarek, drummer John Densmore, and guitarist Robby Krieger. They were among the most controversial rock acts of the 1960s, due mostly to Morrison's wild, poetic lyrics and charismatic but unpredictable stage persona. After Morrison's death in 1971, the remaining members continued as a trio until finally disbanding for good in 1973.

Although The Doors' active career ended in 1973, their popularity has persisted. According to the RIAA, they have sold over 32.5 million albums in the US alone. The band has sold 80 to 100 million albums worldwide. Ray Manzarek and Robby Krieger still tour sometimes, with additional musicians, as Manzarek-Krieger, performing Doors songs exclusively.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/