PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes (disc 2)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (disc 2)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 86C1F77CE62B7AC6579B5FEE79A047B8DDC3AB87
File Size: 492.73 MB
Year: 1985
Label: Attic Records
Catalog #: ACD2 1393




I had to rip the first disc with Cdex due to Exact Audio Copy having an issue ripping track 12. The second disc was ripped using EAC. 





Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Les Misérables (pronounced /leɪ ˈmɪzəˌrɑːb/ or /leɪ ˌmɪzəˈrɑːb/; French pronunciation: [le mizeˈʁaːblə]), colloquially known as Les Mis or Les Miz, is a musical that was composed in 1980 by the French composer Claude-Michel Schönberg with a libretto by Alain Boublil, and lyrics by Herbert Kretzmer. Sung through, it is one of the most well-known and performed musicals worldwide. On October 8 2006, the show celebrated its 21st anniversary on London's West End and became the longest-running West End musical in history, reaching 9,500 performances. The production continues to this day at London's Queen's Theatre. The show is now in its 25th year.

Based on Victor Hugo's 1862 novel of the same name, it is set in early 19th-century France and follows the intertwining stories of a cast of characters as they struggle for redemption and revolution. The main characters are joined by an ensemble that includes prostitutes, student revolutionaries, factory workers, and others.

The Tony Award-winning score features the song I Dreamed a Dream, sung as a solo by the character Fantine during the first act. Numerous Professional artists have recorded cover versions of this song since the musical's premiere in October 1985, including Neil Diamond, Aretha Franklin, David Essex, and Michael Crawford. The song had a resurgence in popularity in 2009 when Scottish amateur singer Susan Boyle performed it live as her audition for the third series of the British reality television program, Britain's Got Talent.[1][2] The song On My Own by the character Éponine was among the major hit songs featured in the musical. 







Les Miserable – Original London Cast Recording 1985



Original London Cast Recording

The Original London Cast recording was the first English language album of the musical. Recorded in 1985, when the show premiered, it is closest to the original French concept album. For example, "Stars" appears before "Look Down" and shortly after, the original version of "Little People" plays, which was later incorporated into the revealing of Javert. It also features a song entitled "I Saw Him Once", sung by Cosette, which was later incorporated into the first part of "In My Life".

The cast includes Colm Wilkinson as Valjean, Roger Allam as Javert, Patti LuPone as Fantine, Alun Armstrong as Thénardier, Susan Jane Tanner as Mme. Thénardier, Frances Ruffelle as Éponine, Ian Tucker as Gavroche, Michael Ball as Marius, David Burt as Enjolras, and Rebecca Caine as Cosette.


Tracks: 


Disc 1


Work Song
Valjean Arrested, Valjean Forgiven
What Have I Done
At The End of the Day
I Dreamed a Dream
Lovely Ladies
Who Am I
Come to Me
Confrontation
Castle on a Cloud
Master of the House
Thernardier Waltz
Stars
Look Down
Little People
Red & Black
Do You Hear the People Sing



Disc 2 


I Saw Him Once – In my Life – A Heart Full of Love
Plumet Attack
One Day More
On My Own
The Attack
A Little Fall of Rain
Drink With Me
Bring Him Home
Dog Eats Dog
Soliloquy (Javert’s Suicide)
Turning
Empty Chairs at Empty Tables
Wedding Chorale – Beggars At The Feast
Finale





Enjoy :)
