Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Cupid's Chokehold" is a single performed by Gym Class Heroes, featuring Patrick Stump of Fall Out Boy. It has reached #4 on the Billboard Hot 100, #4 on the Billboard Pop 100, #3 on the UK Singles Chart, and #3 on the Canadian Hot 100. The song has been featured on Discover and Download and Total Request Live. It was first released in 2004 on The Papercut Chronicles, and re-recorded for their album As Cruel as School Children (which was re-released on November 4, 2006 with "Cupid's Chokehold" as an additional track). There are two music videos for this song, one for each version. The second version includes female backing vocals which are not included in version one. The second version of the video does contain the backing vocals of the first video. However, the female voice is integrated into the chorus behind Patrick Stump's vocals.

Several versions were produced. The most common one features slow tempo and female backing vocals while the other one has a quicker tempo and Patrick Stump does every backing vocal.

The song uses the music, chorus and famous spoken "ba ba da da" line from Supertramp's hit song "Breakfast in America", and won an ASCAP award on April 9, 2008 for being one of the most played songs in ASCAPs repertory from the 4th Quarter 2006 through the 4th Quarter 2007.


The Papercut Chronicles version

The first version of the "Cupid's Chokehold" video directed by Andrew Paul Bowser for the album The Papercut Chronicles features MC Travis McCoy working at a toy factory. While working, he stumbles upon a "prototype toy" which turns out to be a life-size doll. The doll acts as McCoy's girlfriend in the video and fulfills his every wish.

However, she eventually becomes tired of being exploited and expresses this in a humorous scene where the two are playing Scrabble (she spells out the words 'krush', 'kill', and 'destroy'). The doll then begins to malfunction, and McCoy has no choice but to destroy her. He pushes her off a bridge, and she appears to be dead. At the end of the video, she is awakened by Patrick Stump, who also appears to be a robot. The two fall in love and walk down the road together.

Although this video is The Papercut Chronicles' version, the audio used in the video uses the one in the As Cruel as School Children's version.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

