Cubismo - Viva la Habana (Live in Gavella Theatre Studio, Zagreb)
Year: 1998
Label: Irma (1999)
Total time: 67:43
Quality: 320 kbps

This live recording of Cubismo (not to be confused with Cubanismo) proves that a love of Cuban music can blossom even in the unlikeliest of places: namely Croatia.  Recorded in Zagreb, this CD features a band of long-haired hippies who wail and roll in songs of traditional Cuban fare.  Cuts like "Sueños" cha-cha with vigor while "Tu Mi Delirio" slowly shuffles with the suavest romance.  "Groovin' High" recalls Irakere in its jazzy complexity and fine solos.  Yolanda Duke's guest vocals on "Definitivamente" and "Oriente" are bold and passionately beefy.  But perhaps what's most amazing here is the wild audience response to this virtuoso band and its daring attack on a music born thousands of miles away from its homeland.  Clearly, the Zagreb listeners love Cuban music, a feeling not uncommon in the late '90s throughout the Western world, and Cubismo - with a mix of Croatian and Latin members - serve up the salsa well. ~ Karen Karleski

Here's a terrific Latin music band - of all Croatian musicians!!  These guys really know how to cook.  Included in the group is vocalist Ricardo Luque, a native Venezuelan, who adds an authentic flavor to the mix, but all instrumentalists are Eastern Europeans who have obviously studied hours and hours of Cuban music and learned their lessons extremely well.  On two tracks, famous Cuban vocalist Yolanda Duke - from the band of the late lamented Tito Puente - sings her heart out, and on four tracks, conguero Carlos Soto (played with Ray Barreto, Willie Colon, and Eddie Palmieri) does a masterful job with percussion.  The guys do a great Latin rendition of Sonny Rollins' tune St. Thomas, and a spirited treatment of the Pancho Sanchez classic Yumbambe, as well as a bolero dating back to Cuba's pre-Castro days.  Also included are their great covers of Dizzy Gillespie's Groovin' High and Gershwin's Summertime.  If you want something really different that is a fantastic homage to the rhythmic power and excitement of Latin jazz, look no further. You won't be disappointed. ~ Amazon.com

Personnel:
Hrvoje Rupcic (Congas) 
Ricardo Luque (Lead Vocals) 
Josip Joachim Grah (Trumpet and Flugelhorn) 
Nenad Grahovac (Trombone) 
Mario Igrec (Electric and Acoustic Guitar, Tres) 
Zlatan Doslic (Piano) 
Kresimir Tomec (Bass Guitar) 
Jurica Ugrinovic (Drums and Timbales) 
Mladen Ilic (Bongos and Percussion) 
Yolanda Duke (Vocals) - 6,7 
Josipa Lisac (Vocals) - 3 
George Makinto (Alto Flute) - 2,3,6,8 
Carlos Soto (Timbales) - 1,2,6,7 
Nelson Hernandez (Soprano Saxophone) - 10 
Ante Dropulic (Trumpet) - 1,2,5-7 
Zlatko Strcic (Trombone) - 1,2,5-7 
Vedran Sadic (Trombone) - 1,2,5-7 
Los Dalmati (Chorus) - 1,2,6,7 

Cubismo - Viva la Habana Tracks:
01  Yumbambe (Joe Loco-Campos) 4:55 
02  Suenos (Ricardo Luque) 5:31 
03  Na Na Na Na (K. Metikos) 5:06 
04  Tu Mi Delirio (Cesar Portillo de La Luz) 4:40 
05  Groovin High (Dizzy Gillespie) 5:25 
06  Oriente (La Lupe) 8:48 
07  Definitivamente (Rudy Pérez) 5:35 
08  St' Thomas (Sonny Rollins) 10:33 
09  Summertime (George Gershwin) 7:41 
10  Samba Para Tres (Mario Igrec) 9:23 
