Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Linear PCM, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 1536 kbps


"Aïcha" is the name of a French song written by the singer songwriter Jean-Jacques Goldman. The word Aïcha (عائشة) (also spelled A'isha, Aisha, Ayesha, and Ayisha) is an Arabic female name. The song’s original performer is the Algerian Raï artist Khaled. The original French single was never released in an album, though Khaled's 1996 album Sahra featured a bilingual version of the song sung in both French and Arabic. The Arabic lyrics for the bilingual version of the song are written by Khaled. Khaled's music video was directed by Sarah Moon.

Outlandish are a multi-award winning hip-hop group based in Denmark. Formed in 1997, they consist of Isam Bachiri (born in Denmark and of Moroccan background), Waqas Ali Qadri (born in Denmark and of Pakistani background), and Lenny Martinez (born in Honduras and is of Cuban and Honduran descent). All three members are devoutly religious, Isam and Waqas being Muslims, and Lenny being Catholic. The band members live in Brøndby Strand.

Singles from their second album made the most impact on the international music charts. Hit singles included "Aicha" Produced by Mintman , (first made famous by Khaled) which made it to number one in Germany, and received a lot of airplay across many Asian countries, especially in South Korea. The video to "Aicha" also won a best music video award. "Guantanamo" also made a strong impression on the European charts. An old Hindi chorus running through "Peelo" made it a smash hit amongst Indians living in the West.

The group have recorded a León Gieco's cover of the song "Solo le Pido a Dios" ("I Only Ask Of God").

Outlandish's hip-hop/R&B/soul music sound takes influences from their various backgrounds (Moroccan/Arab/Amazigh, Pakistani/Punjabi and Latin American), and although their songs are primarily in English, they usually feature lyrics in Spanish, Urdu/Punjabi, Danish, and Arabic. All these influences make the music of Outlandish somewhat unique and this is easy to notice from the variety of genres covered in their albums. Outlandish often include themes about Islam and contemporary issues facing young Muslims in the west in their music, and sometimes their songs define a unique nasheed-like urban genre.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

