FL Studio XXL v9.0.0 + UN-LOCKER +UN-LOCKED VSTi


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Introducing FL Studio 9

FL Studio 9 is a complete software music production environment, representing the
culmination of more than 10 years of sustained & focused development. FL9 is the
fastest way from your brain to your speakers.

What is FL9?

FL Studio is a full-featured, open architecture, music production environment
capable of audio recording, composing,sequencing and mixing, for the creation of
professional quality music. The FL Studio philosophy is creative freedom:

Free your audio - Route any instrument to any mixer track. Each mixer track can
receive audio from any number of instruments, any number of other mixer tracks and
a soundcard input. Mixer tracks, in turn, can send audio to any
number of other mixer tracks and a soundcard output. Create sub-mixes, effects
chains or complex mixes. FL studio’s flexible architecture sets audio free.

Free your mind - Choose your preferred workflow, compose using the step-sequencer
or piano roll. Create in pattern or track mode, then arrange your ideas in the
free ‘palette’ Playlist. The Playlist presents timeline as a virtual ‘canvas’
where each Playlist track can simultaneously hold any number of score, audio and
automation events. Now that’s freedom.

PLUS:

Instrument

Audio Recording & Editing
Sequencing
Arranging
Mixing & Mastering
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Key new features and changes:

Over 370 additions, changes & bugfixes featuring:

Sidechaining - The FL Studio Mixer 'Track Send' now has an
additional 'Sidechain' mode to support multiple-input mixer plugins.

Multi-core CPU (Hyperthreading) - Improved multithreaded generator & added multithreaded effects processing. 

Multiple controllers - Can now control multiple independent instrument channels, assigned by MIDI number.

New volatile linking feature. 

Wrapper - Aligned tick lengths checkbox for greater plugin compatibility.

Revised Playlist

Playlist track naming & icon - Tools for better song organization. 
Playlist track mute controls and more!

New plugins:

Ogun: synthesizer specialized in metallic timbres.
Gross Beat: beat rearranger effect.
New Autogun synthesizer based on Ogun.

Sakura:
Vocodex: vocoder effect.

Maximus:
Heavy weaponry for the loudness war

Maximus will deliver transparent peak limiting and volume maximization without
coloration of the processed sound. However, Maximus is much more than a pristine
quality Mastering Maximizer, it's also a Compressor,
Limiter, Noise Gate, Expander, Ducker and De-esser. Maximus excels equally well as
a final mastering plugin or as a per-track effect. Lock and load.

Implemented & removed:

Right-clicking playlist items no longer deletes them (hold halt to do so). (thrown, user complaints)
Can now middle-click working area to "pan" plugin windows (ONLY plugins, as it's designed for oversized VST's)