JACKEE SANTANA IS A LYING, CHEATING, SLUTTY, WHORE

This video is of "Jackee Santana", aka "Jacqueline May Santana", taking it up the ass from her ex-b/f while cheating on her boyfriend, Bill Winter.  In addition, there is considerable evidence compiled here to support this claim.

First, go to www.JackeeSantana.com.  You’ll see all of the incriminating evidence there (nude video and pics, text messages, emails, photos of your apartment).

Second, go to www.IsoHunt.com or www.ThePirateBay.com and do a search for “Jackee Santana” (USE THE QUOTATION MARKS).  You’ll see a torrent file with all of the incriminating evidence in it.  In order to download it, though, you will need to use the program "uTorrent" or any other program that supports the "torrent" protocol.  Just ask any local computer geek to help you with this.  Also, do a search for the number string "C8539E9B 5CABA113 4227EF7D A349C3BE 4F8BDC1F".  This number string is the special code (the "hash") for this specific torrent (file sharing method).  Any local geek will know what this means.

Third, do a GOOGLE search (it must be Google) of "Jackee Santana" (USE THE QUOTATION MARKS) and you can see this video posted on several websites. Do a search periodically; this video will be posted on more websites every month.  Make sure you do NOT search for “Jackie Santana”.

This video was shot in May of 2006.  Her boyfriend, Bill Winter, was away on a business trip in Cincinnati and Switzerland.  Jackee was getting tagged up the ass by her ex-boyfriend with whom she still lived with.  They lived in the same house from Nov. 2005 - Feb. 2007.  During that time, Jackee had no problem with jumping in to the ex-boyfriend's bed while her current boyfriend, Bill, was away.

You can tell that this is definitely Jackee because of the mole in the middle of her back and the two very distinct tattoos on her body (on her right buttock and neck).  You can see the tattoo on her right buttock during the entire video.  This tattoo is of a very distinct yellow/orange quarter moon.  At Time Markers 17s – 29s (especially just as she starts her anal orgasm, "assgasm") you can see the tattoo on her neck of Chinese characters.  You can tell that Jackee loves to take it up the ass just by watching the video.

The ex-boyfriend informed Bill Winter of this fact, yet Winter denied this truth.  Obviously, Bill is so hard-up getting a girlfriend that he allows his fiancé to be slammed by anyone, including her former high school teacher, Will.

Even after the ex-boyfriend informed Bill that Jackee was cheating on him, Jackee still hung-out with the ex-b/f.  You can see evidence of their illicit affair in the attached text messages, emails, and IM's.

Jackee even invited the ex-b/f to stay over at Bill's and Jackee's apartment while Bill was away. During those times, the ex-b/f was still putting the stones to Jackee.  All evidence has been laid-out easily in directories.  You can also verify that the ex and Jackee still hang-out if you ask Jackee's brother and sister.  Check Jackee’s LinkedIn connections and Facebook friends.  You’ll see ex-b/f is a part of her group.

Bill, if you're out there, STAY AWAY FROM JACKEE. Break-off the engagement.  She will break your heart just as she cheated on you.  Jackee is pregnant now.  HOW DO YOU KNOW THE KID IS YOURS?!  She still keeps in contact w/ her most current ex-b/f as well as her former high school teacher, Will (as evidenced by her Facebook page).  Jackee is a lying, cheating, conniving, slutty, whore.  She has no problem with lying to get what she wants.  Surely you have seen this with you own eyes, Bill.

Here is a breakdown of the contents of the attached files and directories.  These files show a history of Jackee's cheating on Bill.
•	Emails:
o	Emails between Jackee and the ex-b/f have been printed and scanned to retain their authenticity
•	Text Messages:
o	Text messages that Jackee and the ex-b/f sent back and forth to each other
o	These text messages have been sorted by date and time
o	Note that the last four digits of Jackee’s cell # have been saved in the text messages
•	Pictures - Apartment:
o	From the times that the ex-b/f slept at their place
•	Pictures - Sex
o	Pictures that the ex-b/f took of Jackee while they were involved in the illicit affair with each other
•	Video
o	Video of Jackee taking it up the ass from the ex-b/f while Bill was away
o	This video will be posted to other websites

Bill, if you still want to know the truth and to talk with the person who put these files together, then send an email to:  JackeeSantana@hotpop.com or JackeeSantana@yahoo.com.

To ensure that you are the real Bill Winter and not some imposter, email the above address with these pieces of information:
•	The name of the two departments that Jackee worked for in NJ
•	Her sister's name
•	The name of the city where Jackee and her ex-b/f lived together

Everything will be revealed to you once your identity has been confirmed.
