Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Always on the Run" is the first single released from Mama Said by Lenny Kravitz. It features a notable collaboration by former Guns N' Roses guitarist, Slash. Slash had written the music for the song with the original intention of releasing it on a Guns N' Roses studio album but since former drummer Steven Adler had difficulty playing the song, he saved it for this eventual collaboration with Kravitz.

On June 6, 1992, during Guns N' Roses's Use Your Illusion Tour stop in Paris, Kravitz joined the band onstage and played guitar and sang vocals for this track.

The song is included in the video game Guitar Hero: Aerosmith.

It is also heard in the Adam Sandler film The Waterboy.

The music video was directed by Jesse Dylan. It consisted of the performance of the song, filmed in black and white.

The song reached top ten on U.S. Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, climbing to the eight position of the mentioned chart.

Mama Said is the second studio album by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz, released in April 1991 by Virgin Records. Then Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash co-wrote and played on the song "Always On The Run." He also played on the song "Fields of Joy." The song "All I Ever Wanted" was co-written by Sean Ono Lennon.

Mama Said became Kravitz's first U.S. Top 40 album, reaching #39 on the Billboard 200, and going on to sell 1.88 million copies in the US (as of November, 2002). Although the album has sold enough copies to be certified double platinum, the RIAA still has it listed as platinum. In the UK, the album was a big success, reaching #8 on the UK Album Chart. The album sold over 3 million copies worldwide and established Kravitz's popularity into the worldwide market two years after his debut album Let Love Rule.

Leonard Albert "Lenny" Kravitz (born May 26, 1964) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and arranger whose "retro" style incorporates elements of rock, soul, funk, reggae, hard rock, psychedelic, folk and ballads.

In addition to singing lead and backing vocals, Kravitz often plays all the guitar, bass, drums, keyboards, and percussion himself when recording. He is known for his elaborate stage performances and music videos. Kravitz has had multiple number 1 hits on the US Top Singles Charts, though none by himself on the Hot 100, and many more worldwide. He won the Grammy Award for "Best Male Rock Vocal Performance" four years in a row from 1999 to 2002, breaking the record for most wins in that category and most consecutive wins in one category. He has been nominated and won other awards, namely American Music Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, Radio Music Awards, BRIT Awards and Blockbuster Entertainment Awards.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/