Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion:
Tesla, UFO's and Classified Aerospace Technology

by Paul A. LaViolette

[PDF eBook - 37.0mb]


 
http://www.etheric.com/

In Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion, physicist Paul LaViolette reveals the secret history of antigravity experimentation--from Nikola Tesla and T. Townsend Brown to the B-2 Advanced Technology Bomber. He discloses the existence of advanced gravity-control technologies, under secret military development for decades, that could revolutionize air travel and energy production. Included among the secret projects he reveals is the research of Project Skyvault to develop an aerospace propulsion system using intense beams of microwave energy similar to that used by the strange crafts seen flying over Area 51.

Using subquantum kinetics--the science behind antigravity technology--LaViolette reviews numerous field-propulsion devices and technologies that have thrust-to-power ratios thousands of times greater than that of a jet engine and whose effects are not explained by conventional physics and relativity theory. He then presents controversial evidence about the NASA cover-up in adopting these advanced technologies. He also details ongoing Russian research to duplicate John Searl's self-propelled levitating disc and shows how the results of the Podkletnov gravity beam experiment could be harnessed to produce an interstellar spacecraft.


A complete investigation of the development and suppression of antigravity and field propulsion technologies

• Reveals the workings of advanced technologies capable of controlling gravity that have thrust-to-power ratios thousands of times greater than the jet engine.

• Recounts the history of how gravity control research first developed and how dozens of major aerospace companies in the 50's were involved in major research effort that eventually became classified.

• Presents new insights into the B-2's highly secret electrogravitic field propulsion system.

• Discloses the existence of Project Skyvault, the highly classified Rocketdyne program that developed craft capable of lofting on invisible beams of microwave energy.

• Shows how devices currently under military development could revolutionize air travel and energy production.

• Shows how NASA participates in a cover-up to block adoption of advanced technologies under military development.

• Explains the physics behind electrogravitic field propulsion technologies.

• Shows evidence of a Navy cover up of Townsend Brown's involvement in the highly secret Philadelphia Experiment.


----------------------

 
http://www.veritasshow.com/



 Paul LaViolette, Ph.D.

Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion

November 20, 2009

 S y n o p s i s

Dr. Paul LaViolette, discussed the physics behind anti-gravity propulsion technology and showed how it is not only possible, but is currently being used in secret projects by our own government. "We're sort of being held in a 'technology cage,' on purpose, for fear of change," he said about what he believes to be a decades-long clandestine development of anti-gravity technology by the United States. "A lot of this work has been going on since the end of WWII, if not before," LaViolette said about the quest to break the bonds of gravity. He detailed some of the early experiments conducted by Nikola Tesla and T. Townsend Brown, who both used electricity to affect gravity. LaViolette noted that, in the mid-1950's, numerous aviation companies were not only attempting to develop anti-gravity technology but were quite open and enthusiastic about it -- until 1959. "Suddenly it was like a blackout in the media," he observed. This sudden silence, LaViolette surmised, was at the behest of the US government. He asserted that the B2 Stealth Bomber is a contemporary craft that utilizes anti-gravity capabilities. LaViolette speculated that it uses jet engines to take off, but then makes use of anti-gravity propulsion to maneuver. This, he said, adds an additional layer to the jet's stealth capabilities since, if his theories were correct, it could "go into the stratosphere, or beyond, and then just come down directly over the country they were entering."

B i o

Dr. Paul LaViolette is an interdisciplinary scientist. He has authored four books and has published numerous articles in professional scientific journals. He received his BA in physics from Johns Hopkins University, his MBA from the University of Chicago, and his Ph.D. in systems science/astronomy from Portland State University. Currently he is president of the Starburst Foundation, an interdisciplinary scientific research institute. Dr. LaViolette's findings open a new doorway to the interpretation of our ancient past. Aided by his background in general system theory and physics, he was able to successfully decipher the lost science said to be encoded in the lore of the Tarot and astrology.

...

Important News:  Mel gets disconnected 19 times during Dr. Paul LaViolette's interview.

Tonight, not only will I lean into discomfort, but I will also take you behind the scenes to share with you what is to me the most blatant and conspicuous attempt to sabotage our efforts.  If you are familiar with Dr. LaViolette's anti-gravity research, you may know why.  The more "they" tried, the more determined we became to continue our interview.  As you can see, I am sending this newsletter later than usual.  You will know why shortly.  This afternoon, I had the privilege of interviewing Dr. Paul LaViolette.  During our interview our communication was cut off 19 times.  Thankfully, I was dealing with someone who is cognizant of the information he wants to share with the world and he was kind enough to allow me to call him back 19 times.  After all this harassment, I thought I was going to be able to reconnect the 20 audio files.  Up until file 17 everything was turning 100% perfect.  However, the last three files (the last 23 minutes of the show) had something missing.  You see, I record my voice in stereo with one system and then the telephone conversation (the guest and I) with another system.  Although I could hear Dr. LaViolette, his voice during the last 23 minutes is completely absent.  It's as if it was surgically removed.  I am dumbfounded that this was accomplished, as my voice on the telephone call is still there.  Incidentally, this last portion of the show included very incisive questions and, if "they" were attempting to cut us off 19 times, they were able to inflict the last blow with the last three attempts, rendering a very important part of our interview useless.  That said, I have already sent Dr. LaViolette an urgent request to allow me to re-record the missing portion, so that we don't give "them" the pleasure of ruining a very important and revealing interview.  Judging by how Dr. LaViolette responded to my 19 calls, I feel confident that his passion for the truth will shine once again.  I just wanted to let you know that VERITAS is obviously entering into a phase where "they" are noticing we are making a difference and our pledge for no censorship still stands.  I need you to stand behind me in the next few weeks, as we continue to uncover the truth.  Thank you.

Mel Fabergas
(posted November 5, 2009 on the Veritas Show website)

...
 
http://projectavalon.net/forum/showthread.php?t=17457

Sabotage to Dr. Paul LaViolette's interview with VERITAS

Here's an update to let you know Dr. LaViolette and I concluded our interview yesterday. Whoever was trying to sabotage our interview thought it was a live show. There is no way a live show could have proceeded as we did. They would have ended the interview on the second disconnect.

We should be thankful for people like Dr. LaViolette for really wanting this information out. His goals are to find the truth and help humanity. Veritas is honored and privileged.

This is what Dr. LaViolette posted on his Web site today ( http://www.etheric.com ):


"Mel Fabregas' interview with Paul LaViolette on the Veritas Show will be aired November 20th and can be heard at http://www.veritasshow.com. Dr. LaViolette will be speaking about his reverse engineering of electrogravitics propulsion technologies being developed in black projects and that are discussed in his recent book Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion. He will also touch on other topics such as SETI, galactic superwaves, the failings of conventional physics, and the advantages of subquantum kinetics.

During the recording session for this interview, the telephone connection was broken 19 times LaViolette's connection being simultaneously transferred from Mel to an unknown silent line as if someone had picked up another line and were listening in. This is the first time that Dr. LaViolette has experienced such attempts at suppression and it is also a first for Mr. Fabregas. Mel also found that a 23 minute segment of LaViolette's interview soundtrack had been "surgically deleted" from his hard drive leaving intact just his own voice asking the questions. We have discussed the incident with both the telephone company, the FBI, and with a member of army intelligence and have concluded that an extreme level of sophistication would be needed to accomplish this kind of sabotage. We suspect either the CIA, NSA, or some unknown special ops group who does not want this material to come out. For more on this read Mel Fabregas' description of the incident. http://www.etheric.com/LaViolette/sabotage.html "


In reality, we were disconnected 24 times. 19 on the original interview date and 5 times yesterday. Not to mention, you won't even hear a thank you at the end from me since he got disconnected while saying goodbye as well. Needless to say, I called him back from my office line to close the loop. The show is now saved in a few places.

The bottom line? TPTB don't want anyone to talk or pursue anti-gravity technology.

Cheers,

Mel


----------------------

Dr. Paul LaViolette - Top Secret Testimony.mp3
 
http://www.topsecrettestimony.com/

Stream the video: 
 
http://www.mefeedia.com/watch/23119586

----------------------