Detective Marketing: Creative Common Sense in Business [Illustrated] [Paperback]

Paperback: 180 pages
Publisher: Stefan Engeseth Publishing; illustrated edition edition (October 2001)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 9163113899
ISBN-13: 978-9163113895
Product Dimensions: 9 x 6 x 0.4 inches 

Scanned: 600 DPI
OCR'd on Adobe Acrobat 9
Searchable/Copyable text


Reviews:
Engeseth’s ideas are radical 2000s’ evolution -- All About Branding

In his book Detective Marketing, Stefan has succeeded in creating what we always strive for: simplicity, clarity, perfection. -- Claes Andréasson, Director, Absolut Akademi, The Absolut Company

Some really good example of business metapors. -- Tompeters!

Straightforward thinking. It's thought-provoking. His taking the Peppers' One-to-One philosophy a step forward. -- Brandrepublic

Swedish business bible -- Brand Strategy

Product Description:
In his book, Detective Marketing, Stefan has succeeded in creating what we always strive for: simplicity, clarity, perfection. Using simple, yet thought-provoking examples, he manages to inspire both creativity and clear-sightedness. His hypothetical cases use humor to tickle the imagination and to shed new light on the role of common sense in marketing and communications.? Claes Andréasson, Director, Absolut Akademi, The Absolut Company ?Stefan Engeseth crackles with energy in his book Detective Marketing. He?s not afraid to think differently and he does so with the authority of long practical experience. We all need the fresh breeze that blows through this book. I recommend it whole-heartedly.? Per Frankelius. PhD Economics Örebro University and the International School of Economics, Jönköping. This book is based on my theory of creative business and the meeting of minds. Because this requires a certain mindset from the reader, my readers are primarily professionals in IT, PR, corporate communications, advertising, marketing and sales. Creativity, however, knows no boundaries. No matter what your profession is, Detective Marketing can help you grow.

