Storyline

The year is 2075. Instead of a bright and peaceful future, human civilization is in a state of polluted, dilapidated ruin akin to post-World War II Europe. A corrupt mega-corporation, Grathius Inc., controls the world by force, using pacification squads to kill any who oppose them.

The game's protagonist is Flynn Haskell, the leader of a small band of terrorists/resistance-fighters determined to rid the world of Grathius and their evil schemes.Later the player meets up with a female scientist Eve whom Flynn regards as the best helper he could get.Flynn while exploring once falls into jail but successfully comes out with another resistance member also in the jail named duffy who also helps him in his next stopage Urbia as it is seen that she is familiar with their resistance leader TARA.The game cannot be considered tough however, there are some levels which require the usage of cheat codes for their passage through.

The game's main plot revolves around a new technology developed by Grathius, nano-machinery based cloning, that allows the corporation to resurrect its fallen troops and gives them an unstoppable immortal army. As the game progresses, the player travels from San Francisco to Taiwan to Japan, recruiting new characters into the resistance and capturing Grathius cloning devices for their own personal use.


Gameplay

Devastation features standard first-person shooter gameplay, comparable to that of Unreal 2, as the game is based on Unreal 2's game engine. Notably, the game can be played in either "arcade" or "tactical" mode. Arcade mode features fast-paced action similar to that of many first person shooters, while tactical mode features slower gameplay more akin to tactical shooters such as Counter-Strike.

The single-player game focuses heavily on team-based gameplay. The player can have a squad of up to several NPCs following them at any given time. Each NPC can be issued one of 4 orders: attack, defend, follow, or stop. NPCs ordered to attack can independently make their way from the beginning to the end of the level without any guidance from the player, although they will stop moving and wait for the player to catch up if they get too far ahead of the player. In the game's initial levels, the game ends if any NPC squadmate is killed, but squadmate health regenerates fairly quickly to prevent this aspect of gameplay from being too frustrating.

The first 1/3rd of the game features linear levels, with the player's goal being to make it from the start of the level to the end. About 1/3rd of the way into the game, the player acquires a cloning machine that allows them and their squad members to respawn from death an infinite number of times. At this point, the only way to "lose" the game is to allow the enemy to capture and destroy the player's cloning machine. All levels from this point on are based on a capture the flag style of gameplay, with the rebel and Grathius teams starting on opposite sides of a non-linear level, each one tasked with capturing the other's cloning device.

Devastation also features 28 different weapons, divided into 8 categories: melee, pistols, sub-machine guns, assault rifles, sniper rifles, squad support weapons, and miscellaneous weapons.

INSTALLATION:
Extract
Mount or Burn
Install
Copy crack off the disk (in razor folder) to the game directory, replace the existing file
Play

ENJOY AND SEED!!!!



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).

DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk