Hottest scene tracker on net :    http://www.scenetime.com
             
 

 Join now and support  scenetime.com  to grow faster
 
 Credit to EVERYONE for sharing and seeding back
 especially to scenetime.com where i get all my 
 downloads.



...................................NFO:.................................................
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

       Who.Do.You.Think.You.Are.UK.S07E01.Bruce.Forsyth.REAL.HDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.07.22
              Genre...........: Factual

       1/9 - Bruce Forsyth
       Nine celebrities trace their family trees to explore the lives of 
       their ancestors and uncover major themes in British social history.
       
       Bruce Forsyth receives a letter from America from a woman who 
       claims to be related to Bruce through Bruce's great-grandfather, 
       Joseph Forsyth Johnson. The letter suggests that Joseph Forsyth 
       Johnson was married to two women at the same time and that he died 
       at sea. Bruce is determined to investigate these claims and 
       discover the truth for himself.
       
       Bruce starts by visiting his cousin, Alan Johnson, who gives him a 
       cache of family photographs and the diary of his great Aunt 
       Christina, which he takes with him. Alan also gives him Joseph's 
       business card - a vital aid for Bruce in tracking Joseph and his 
       family's steps in the late 19th century.
       
       Bruce follows the business card to Bond Street, London, where 
       Joseph opened a landscape gardening shop. Knowing that Joseph 
       worked in America at some point, Bruce tracks down the passenger 
       lists for Joseph's journey and is in for a shock. He heads off to 
       New York on Joseph's trail, which then takes him to the American 
       South.
       
       Bruce's quest to uncover his great grandfather's secret history 
       ends back in New York where he finally discovers Joseph's fate. 
       Joseph was a man who was both an extraordinary pioneer in his 
       field; but also a man who bucked the social mores of the day and 
       paid dearly for it, leaving a trail of confusion and unhappiness 
       in his wake.


       REAL: Previous releases labeled S07 are actually the continuation 
       of S06 (episode 6 to 11). Proof at BBC site: 
       http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00m7163
       
       Also proof this is S07E01: http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00t6gbb


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai