Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Speaking Louder Than Before is the fifth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp. It was released on November 25, 2008, and debuted at #38 on the Billboard 200. The album's first single, "There Will Be a Day", was released to Christian radio two months prior, and became a number one hit by the end of November.

In May 2008, Jeremy Camp went in studio to begin recording the album. Speaking Louder Than Before was recorded over five days, with Camp spending 12 hours in studio each day. He co-produced the album with Brown Bannister.

Jeremy Camp has noted that Speaking Louder Than Before has a different theme than his previous releases, stating that he has "a more clear-cut purpose and vision of what I'm meant to do ... I see the hurt, the lack of direction, in this new generation. I always had a passion for youth, but this album is really aimed at them." Referring to the album's title and theme, he said "I have walked through the valleys, the mountains, and plains. That's why I'm speaking up, that's why I'm speaking now and loud."

The first single "There Will Be a Day" was released around early September. It was the most-added song at R&R's AC and CHR charts, and it was also the highest-debuting track in its first week of entering the chart. The song was digitally released on September 23.

The album itself was subsequently released in the United States on November 25, 2008. It debuted at #38 on the Billboard 200, with 32,700 copies sold in the first week. Speaking Louder Than Before also reached number one at Billboard's Top Christian Albums, and in its debut week became Camp's highest-charting album to date. "There Will Be a Day" reached number one at Christian CHR radio on November 28, and has stayed at the top of the chart for two weeks.

A special edition of the album was released on December 5, which included a DVD with an hour of in-studio video footage, a booklet containing journal entries from Camp, a sticker, three art cards, and a silicone bracelet.

Jeremy Thomas Camp (born January 12, 1978) is a contemporary Christian musician from Lafayette, Indiana. Camp has released seven albums, three of them RIAA-certified as Gold and two are live albums, and 17 number-one hit songs. His original music is a mixture of ballads and rock.

His song "No Matter What" was the 4th most-played song on R&R magazine's Christian CHR chart for 2008. He also came out with his new studio album Speaking Louder Than Before, containing the hit lead single There Will Be a Day. On November 17, 2009, Jeremy Camp released another live album, entitled Jeremy Camp Live. This album featured songs from all albums to date. His Speaking Louder Than Before album was nominated for a Grammy, his first ever Grammy nomination.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

