In this CDRip collection of 2CDs i have provided the Covers and both CDs JPegs [Pictures]
Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
Cheers, Bubanee

EAC called it.. the definitive collection
My cover has it at.. Some guys have all the luck..
But i will just call it the very best of....


Track List	

 Disc 1

   1. Maggie May
   2. Mandolin Wind
   3. Every Picture Tells A Story
   4. Stay With Me - Faces
   5. You Wear It Well
   6. Sailing
   7. The Killing Of Georgie (Part I And II)
   8. Tonight's The Night (Gonna Be Alright)
   9. The First Cut Is The Deepest
  10. You're In My Heart (The Final Acclaim)
  11. I Was Only Joking
  12. Hot Legs
  13. Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?
  14. Passion
  15. Young Turks

 Disc 2

   1. Tonight I'm Yours (Don't Hurt Me)
   2. Baby Jane
   3. Infatuation
   4. Some Guys Have All The Luck
   5. Love Touch
   6. Forever Young
   7. My Heart Can't Tell You No
   8. Downtown Train
   9. This Old Heart Of Mine (1989 Version With Ronald Isley)
  10. I Don't Want To Talk About It (1989 Version)
  11. Rhythm Of My Heart
  12. The Motown Song - With The Temptations
  13. Tom Traubert's Blues (Waltzing Matilda)
  14. Handbags And Gladrags (Unplugged Version)
  15. Have I Told You Lately (Unplugged Version)
  16. Reason To Believe (Unplugged Version With Ronnie Wood)
  17. Two Shades Of Blue (Previously Unreleased)

Roderick David "Rod" Stewart, CBE (born 10 January 1945) is a British singer and songwriter born and raised in London, England and currently residing in Epping. He is of Scottish and English lineage.

With his distinctive raspy tenor voice, Stewart came to prominence in the late 1960s and early '70s with The Jeff Beck Group and then Faces. He launched his solo career in 1969 with his debut album An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down (US: The Rod Stewart Album). His work with The Jeff Beck Group and The Faces proved to be influential on the formation of the heavy metal and punk rock genres, respectively. Both bands were also pioneers of blues-rock.

With his career in its fifth decade, Stewart has achieved numerous solo hit singles worldwide, most notably in the UK, where he has garnered six consecutive number one albums and his tally of 62 hit singles include 31 that reached the top 10, six of which gained the number one position. He has also had 16 top ten singles in the USA, with four of these reaching number one. His most-known solo hit singles are "Maggie May", "You Wear It Well", "Sailing", "Tonight's the Night (Gonna Be Alright)", "I Don't Want to Talk About It", "Hot Legs", "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?", "Downtown Train", "Some Guys Have All the Luck", "Young Turks", "This Old Heart of Mine", "Forever Young", "The First Cut is the Deepest", "Have I Told You Lately", "My Heart Can't Tell You No" and "Rhythm of My Heart." He was voted at #33 in the poll of "Q Magazine top 100 Greatest Singers of all time".