Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Sound (John M. Perkins' Blues)" is a song written and recorded by Jon Foreman and Tim Foreman for the alternative rock band Switchfoot. It is a track from the band's seventh studio album, Hello Hurricane, and was released as a digital single on October 27, 2009 to all major digital outlets. It was serviced to alternative rock radio on April 26, 2010. 

A music video for the song was directed and was available on iTunes on the same day Hello Hurricane was released featuring live footage and taken from the Live at Spot X in-studio performances, included in the Making of Hello Hurricane  DVD. A concept music video was shot, with footage of the band filmed on May 4, 2010 and footage of John Perkins himself shot on May 14. The music video was premiered on Yahoo Music on June 13, 2010 and made it's way ontothree days later.

"The Sound" is a song that references John M. Perkins, an American civil rights  activist, in the lyrics "John Perkins said it right / Love is the final fight." The lyrical bent of the song speaks of the country's past racism that still "runs through our veins" and cries out from the ground. Jon Foreman intended for the song to be part of the answer to that, saying that is is like "rising above the constant gnawing of past wrongs" and declaring Love as "the reconciliation. The deliberate act of forgiveness." 

Inspired by his reading of Perkins' book, Let Justice Roll Down, Foreman set out to bring more awareness to the activist's story, adamant that "John Perkins is a hero whose name needs to be known." So he wrote the song intentionally avoiding historical plotlines, while instead attempting to "make an impressionistic sketch" of the story. 

    "The Sound (John Perkin's Blues) is a very important song for us as a band. I see so much hatred and fear around me, I see so many people living out their pain. I hear it on the radio. I see it in the headlines. John Perkin's story needs to be heard. This song was inspired by a man who sang a louder song than hatred. In a world where we are defined by our differences, Mr. Perkin's life of service and compassion is a tangible demonstration of what it means to live a life of love. Love is the loudest song we could sing. Louder than racism. Louder than fear. Louder than hatred. John Perkin's said it right, love is the final fight. We're excited to hear this song on the radio, louder than pain."
    —Jon Foreman

Hello Hurricane is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Switchfoot. It was co-produced by the band and Mike Elizondo, after initially self-producing their work, as well as test runs with producers such as Ken Andrews and Charlie Peacock. The album was recorded mainly in the band's Spot X Studio in their hometown of San Diego, California. It was originally to be released on October 6, 2009, but was pushed back to a November 10, 2009 release on their independent record label, the Atlantic-distributed lowercase people records.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/