A blowout Las Vegas bachelor party turns into a race against time when three hung-over groomsmen awaken after a night of drunken debauchery to find that the groom has gone missing, and they must attempt to get him to the alter before his wedding day. In 48 hours, Doug is scheduled to walk down the aisle, effectively ending his reign as a rowdy bachelor. Realizing that this is their last blowout with their best friend, Doug's groomsmen organize a Sin City bachelor bash he'll never forget. The next morning, the groomsmen come to in their Caesar's Palace suite to find a tiger in the bathroom and a six-month-old baby tucked away in the closet. Unfortunately, Doug is nowhere to be found. With no memory of the previous night's transgressions and precious little time to spare, the trio sets out on a hazy attempt to retrace their steps and discover exactly where things went wrong. Will they find Doug in time to get him to the wedding back in Los Angeles, or will his bride experience the sharp sting of disappointment when she walks down the aisle to discover that her future husband is nowhere to be found? Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, and Heather Graham star in a rambunctious comedy from Old School director Todd Phillips. ~ Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide

Warning:  This product is intended for mature audiences only. It may contain violence, sexual content, drug abuse and/or strong language. You must be 17 or older to purchase it. By ordering this item you are certifying that you are at least 17 years of age.


Complete Cast:
Bradley Cooper - Phil
Zach Galifianakis - Alan
Justin Bartha - Doug
Sasha Barrese - Tracy
Mike Epps - Black Doug
Chuck Pacheco - Hotel Guest at Valet
James Martin Kelly - Police Clerk
Sondra Currie - Linda
Jesse Erwin - Hotel Valet
Matt Walsh - Dr. Valsh
Todd Phillips - Mr. Creepy
Rachael Harris - Melissa
Michael Li - Chow's #2
Gillian Vigman - Stephanie
Bryan Callen - Eddie
Ed Helms - Stu
Heather Graham - Jade
Jeffrey Tambor - Sid
Dan Finnerty - Wedding Singer
Ian Anthony Dale - Chow's #1
Jernard Burks - Leonard
Ken Jeong - Mr. Chow
Mike Vallely - Neeco
Cleo King - Officer Garden
Rob Riggle - Officer Franklin
Casey Margolis - Budnick
Mike Tyson - Himself
Floyd Levine - Tailor
Nathalie Fay - Lisa


Director(s):Todd Phillips
Writer(s):Jeremy Garelick, Scott Moore, Todd Phillips
Producer(s):Todd Phillips, Daniel Goldberg
Theatrical MPAA Rating: R(Sexual Situations, Nudity, Profanity, Drug Content)

Blockbuster info link: 
http://www.blockbuster.com/browse/catalog/movieDetails/375479

Movie Only

Enjoy and Seed!