ERIC STECKEL + Bas Paardekooper & The Blue Crew 2009-12-16

in the boederij ciyt zoetermeer holland 2009-12-16

rock blues

Eric Steckel + Bas Paardekooper & The Blue Crew 2009-12-16




The young but very talented and musical guitarist Eric Steckel this evening to see on stage at the Farm.
He will be accompanied by Bas Paardekooper with his band The Blew Crue!

The young super talent Eric Steckel from Allentown Pennsylvania, the blue absolute thrill of the moment.

While peers messing with the latest computer games, plays topgitarist all the stars of heaven.

By now increasingly able CD in the bins next to Jimi Hendrix,

Stevie Ray Vaughan and Freddie King. Eric Steckel is the discovery of blues legend John Mayall who took him on his European tour two years back.

 

Bas Paardekooper & The Blew Crue recently kept a fantastic performance in a crowded Podiumcafé Aynsley Lister and is also in the program.

Paardekooper is inspired by Stevie Ray Vaughan, Walter Trout and Jimi Hendrix and is best described as U.S. Bluesrock. In short,

the perfect backing band for Eric Steckel!


taped by Ane (flipp022) live

Audience recording / PA, L-Acoustics Kudos


recorder zoom h2 and sony pcm-d50

microfoon homemade model 2014 for the zoom 2
microfoon homemade model 2015 for the sony pcm-d50

microfoon homemade, is the best mic for live sound of the world,luster himself but

the fist set the zoom h2 recorder, set 2 sony pcm-d50

flac level> 6

the sound is very good hifi stereo +++

20 tracks

 
http://www.baspaardekooper.com/index.php/test

photo folder in download and cover

luster himself but, here how the sound is

I have also compleed video, but does not come here,

ERIC STECKEL + Bas Paardekooper & The Blue Crew tour in the 

Netherlands may and june 2010, bowl all to the shows in holland

This promotion is an upload for the tour, come all.

I am friend of Eric Steckel and Bas Paardekooper (flipp022)








3 Video Tracks on you tube. of the show