Title: Chanel Coco & Igor Stravinsky
Year: 2009
Country: France
Audio: French  | Russian  | English 
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1400 MB 
Genre: Drama 
Runtime: 120 min 
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1023441/
Directed by: Jan Kounen
Starring: 	

Anna Mouglalis	 ... 	Coco Chanel

	Mads Mikkelsen	... 	Igor Stravinsky

	Yelena Morozova	... 	Catherine Stravinsky (as Elena Morozova)
	Natacha Lindinger	... 	Misia Sert
	Grigori Manukov	... 	Sergeï Diaghilev (as Grigori Manoukov)

	Radivoje Bukvic	... 	Grand Duke Dimitri (as Rasha Bukvic)
	Nicolas Vaude	... 	Ernest Beaux

	Anatole Taubman	... 	Arthur 'Boy' Capel

Synopis: 

Paris 1913. Coco Chanel is infatuated with the rich and handsome Boy Capel, but she is also compelled by her work. Igor Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring is about to be performed. The revolutionary dissonances of Igor's work parallel Coco's radical ideas. She wants to democratize women's fashion; he wants to redefine musical taste. Coco attends the scandalous first performance of The Rite in a chic white dress. The music and ballet are criticized as too modern, too foreign. Coco is moved but Igor is inconsolable. Paris 1920, Coco is newly wealthy and successful but grief-stricken after Boy's death in a car crash. Igor, following the Russian Revolution is now a penniless refugee living in exile in Paris. Coco is introduced to Igor by Diaghilev, impresario of the Ballets Russes. The attraction between them is instant and electric. Coco invites Igor along with his wife - now sick with consumption - together with his four children and a menagerie of birds to stay at her new villa, Bel Respiro, in Garches.  

Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. 
Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you.
If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it
too, and they can't without you.		

