Director Luis Buñuel constructs this 1954 motion picture on the foundation of Emily Bronte's Gothic novel set in England. However, Buñuel substitutes a Mexican setting for the English one and Spanish names for the novel's central characters. He also alters the plot to heighten tension and maximize the effect of imagery. In the Bronte novel, Mr. Earnshaw rescues a foundling named Heathcliff from the streets and raises the boy at his estate on the moors, Wuthering Heights, along with his daughter, Catherine, and son, Hindley. Over the years, Hindley mistreats Heathcliff, regarding him as a rival for his father's affection. After Mr. Earnshaw dies and Hindley inherits the estate, he humiliates Heathcliff by making him a common stable boy. Catherine, meanwhile, falls passionately in love with Heathcliff, but looks down upon him because he lacks social standing. One day, after overhearing her speak of him disparagingly, Heathcliff abandons Wuthering Heights, then makes a success of himself in the world. After returning three years later, he finds Catherine married to an elegant gentleman, Edgar Linton. Heathcliff vows revenge. First, through clever scheming, he acquires liens on Wuthering Heights and drives Hindley to his grave. To spite Catherine and Linton, Heathcliff marries Isabella Linton, Edgar's sister, and treats her cruelly while gaining control of her property. The turn of events destroys Catherine, who is pregnant, and she dies after giving birth to a daughter. In the Buñuel film, Heathcliff becomes Alejandro (Jorge Mistral), Catherine becomes Catalina (Irasema Dilian), Hindley becomes Ricardo (Luis Aceves Castaneda), and Isabella becomes Isabel (Lilia Prado). Early on, the film generally follows the plot of Wuthering Heights although the setting is a hacienda in Mexico. However, the plot begins to shift when Alejandro discovers that the pregnant Catalina is gravely ill. Full of regret for his past action toward her, he relents and tells her he loves her, and she expresses her love for him. Then she gives birth and dies. After she is laid to rest, he is so grief-stricken that he exhumes her just to hold her one more time.

   General
      Complete name : Abismos de Pasion.avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 1.04 GiB
      Duration : 1h 29mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 667 Kbps
      Writing application : FairUse Wizard - http://fairusewizard.com
      Writing library : The best and REALLY easy backup tool
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : AdvancedSimple@L5
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (MPEG)
      Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 1h 29mn
      Bit rate : 1 527 Kbps
      Width : 592 pixels
      Height : 448 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4:3
      Frame rate : 29.970 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.192
      Stream size : 977 MiB (92%)
      Writing library : XviD 1.2.0.dev47 (UTC 2006-11-01)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : MPEG Audio
      Format version : Version 1
      Format profile : Layer 3
      Codec ID : 55
      Codec ID/Hint : MP3
      Duration : 1h 29mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 128 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Resolution : 16 bits
      Stream size : 81.9 MiB (8%)
      Alignment : Aligned on interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 33 ms (1.00 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 504 ms
      Writing library : LAME3.97 
      Encoding settings : -m j -V 4 -q 2 -lowpass 17 -b 128

IMDB: tt0046675

Spanish audio; English and Portuguese subtitles