Latest Folder Lock Version 6.3.0, Released on August 29th, 2009:

 

Portability feature now supports all types of removable/external storage devices. Stealth Mode is enhanced to work with all 32 and 64 bit OS accurately. Also available in German language now!

What is Folder Lock?

 

Folder Lock™ is a fast file encryption software that can password protect folders, encrypt or lock files, protect USB Drives and lock CD/DVDs. The program supports all flavors of Windows 7.0, Vista, XP and 2000 including their 64-bit variants.

 

Folder Lock creates encrypted storages called 'Lockers'. You can keep as many of your private files & folders in Locker and password protect it with a single click. Lockers are portable, so you can transfer, secure and backup these Lockers or keep them in USB Drives, CD/DVD, & notebooks or transfer them over email. These Lockers are undeletable on the computer where Folder Lock is installed.

 

You can create as many Lockers as you want. Different users can create different Lockers with different passwords as well. With Folder Lock, you can choose either to encrypt using 256-bit AES on-the-fly encryption or lock files, folders and drives anywhere on your computer. Each Locker can contain your encrypted files as well as your personal list of your locked items.

 

Furthermore, Folder Lock comes with additional features like hack monitoring, stealth mode, data shredding, auto protection, portable USB autoplay support, history cleaning and virtual keyboard. This can enhance file locking and encryption beyond anything ever achieved. In addition, a Locker can't be renamed, moved or deleted without a correct password to prevent data loss.


Features and Benefits

 

256-bit AES encryption on-the-fly (military standard) for file protection.

 

File Lock, Folder Lock, Drive Lock, File Encryption and Folder Encryption. All in one complete package.

 

Full Portability. Password protect USB Drives, Lock CDs & DVDs and share password with trusted friends.

 

Backup or transfer your password protected Lockers anywhere. All data sits in one place for easy backup.

 

Undeletable Lockers (on the PC where Folder Lock is installed). Deletion requires you to login into Folder Lock.

 

Shred files automatically when data is encrypted. Choose this option for full data security.

 

Stealth Mode feature can efficiently hide all the traces of Folder Lock ever been installed on your PC.

 

Windows History Cleaning. Removes recent history of PC activity automatically when Locker closes.

 

Hack Attempt Monitoring option can monitor fake password attempts and can Shutdown PC automatically.

 

Fastest Encryption! Encrypted data is later decrypted in memory, preventing data recovery & slow processing.

 

Complete Privacy! Whether you're concerned with privacy, data theft, data loss, data leaks or virus attacks. You need Folder Lock!


Works on all 32-bit and 64-bit Windows platforms!

 

 

Folder Lock is compatible on all 32-bit and 64-bit flavors of Windows 7.0, Windows Vista, Windows XP, Windows 2008, Windows 2003 Server and Windows 2000. The protection is cross-platform compatible and PC independent. Folder Lock offers great features and zero compromise on data security in all versions of Windows.
