ITV Wormwood Scrubs 1of2 PDTV x264 AC3 MVGroup 2010

Wormwood Scrubs is a candid look at life behind the locked doors of one of Europe's largest and toughest prisons. With unprecedented access to the London jail, the two part documentary follows the lives of prisoners and prison officers who make up this complex, noisy and disturbed community. The documentary includes powerful accounts from them on the emotional turmoil, frustration and anger inside the prison. Wormwood Scrubs prison holds up to 1280 male inmates, from drug addicted petty villains to sophisticated thieves and violent disturbed criminals. Some wings can hold over 300 prisoners, many of whom are drug addicts and, with only 12 guards to keep order, bullying and violence is a daily occurrence. Up to 80 percent of the inmates have drug issues and many have mental health problems. Prison Governor Phil Taylor says life in the prison can be like a "smouldering or erupting volcano", as tensions rise amongst prisoners. The films show how prison staff have to deal with disruptive prisoners as well as help them through tough times and keep them alive when they self harm or attempt suicide, often in the face of extreme provocation and violence.

Part 1: First episode of a new two-part documentary about the life of prisoners and staff at Wormwood Scrubs, one of Europe's largest prisons. This compelling episode focuses on the staff, and the severe conditions they work under. Cameras follow officers in the segregation unit as they attempt to manage one of the country's most disruptive offenders, and show staff trying to keep order in the aftermath of a suicide. The programme also reveals the shocking truth about the availability of drugs in the prison, which has as many as 10 dealers to one wing.

Video Codec: x264 CABAC
Video Bitrate: 2000 KB/s
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.765:1
Video Resolution: 960 x 544
Audio Codec: AC3
Audio Bitrate: 128 Kb/s 48000Hz
Audio Channels: 2
Run-Time: 46 mins
Framerate: 25FPS
Number of Parts: 2
Part Size: 688 MB
Subtitles: not available
Source: DVB-S

Part 2: http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5573625
