Microsoft Office Professional Plus 2010 x86

Microsoft® Office 2010 offers rich and powerful new ways to deliver your best work at the office, home, or school. Grab your audience’s attention and inspire them with your ideas visually. Create results with people at the same time and stay connected to your files across the town or around the world.1 With Office 2010, you’re in control of getting things done and delivering amazing results according to your schedule.

Microsoft Office 2010 gives you powerful new tools to express your ideas, solve problems, and connect with people. Office 2010 lets you work how, when, and where you want, letting you get things from a PC, the Web, and even a smart phone.

Use Office 2010 virtually anywhere: PC, phone, browser
With Microsoft Office 2010, you can review and do minor editing on Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote 2010 documents, virtually anywhere, by using Office Web Apps from more locations on more devices.

Work better together
Collaboration means better work and beating deadlines. Co-authoring allows multiple people to work on the same document at the same time, such as an RFP, to respond faster and meet deadlines. With Office 2010, several team members can work on Word 2010 and PowerPoint 2010 documents simultaneously and see who else is working on which sections, regardless of location.

Instantly share a presentation. Hold spontaneous meetings with customers and partners with PowerPoint 2010. Broadcast Slideshow allows you to present a slideshow entirely through a Web browser—no matter where your audience is at. No need for your customers to have a third-party conferencing tool, or even PowerPoint. All they have to do is click on a link and a browser window opens with your slides.

Microsoft Office 2010 include: Access, Excel, Infopath, Onenote, Outlook, Power Point, Publisher, Sharepoint Workspace, Word.

Installation:

1. Unpack
2. Install
3.If it shows Activated fine,if not use the Activator Given(It will work 100%).
If u face ny problems contact me.

If u like it plz Download n Seed..
 
   Enjoy...
     
       SAN........
