Helix - Over 60 Minutes With Helix (1999)
Mp3 format
320 CBR
Cleanly tagged with front cover


This 21-track anthology spotlights the best music that heavy-metal band Helix released while on Capitol Records.

This Canadian edition CD, released in 1989, includes three previously unreleased tracks: "Give It to You," "Jaws of the Tiger," and "Everybody Pays the Price."

When thinking about Canadian heavy metal, bands such as Rush, Saga, and Triumph usually come to mind for many rock fans -- in other words, challenging prog metal. During the early '80s, however, several other Canadian metal acts attempted to break out globally -- but with a sound that reflected the party-hearty style of Van Halen. Tops on this list would be Helix. Although they started out in the late '70s, it wasn't until the early to mid-'80s that they enjoyed some moderate MTV play, and also landed some prime opening spots on the touring circuit (Kiss, Whitesnake, etc.). And this is exactly the group's "peak era" that the 1989 21-track compilation Over 60 Minutes With... focuses on. The most memorable tracks remain the ones whose videos made the rounds back in the day -- the self-explanatory anthem "Heavy Metal Love," "Rock You" (which didn't contain exactly the most sophisticated rock lyrics penned...but never mind), and also the power ballad "Deep Cuts the Knife." And for fans who already own this material, there are three previously unreleased tracks as well -- "Give It to You," "Jaws of the Tiger," and "Everybody Pays the Price." Over 60 Minutes With... is all the Helix most headbangers will require.


1. No Rest for the Wicked 	
2. Check Out the Love 
3. Dirty Dog 
4. Give It to You 
5. Young & Wreckless 
6. Deep Cuts the Knife 	
7. Animal House 	
8. You Keep Me Rockin' 	
9. Never Wanna Lose You 	
10. Does a Fool Ever Learn 
11. Jaws of the Tiger 
12. White Lace & Black Leather
13. Long Way to Heaven -
14. Without You (Jasmine's Song) 	
15. Everybody Pays the Price
16. Heavy Metal Love   
17. Gimme Gimme Good Lovin' 
18. When the Hammer Falls 	
19. The Kids Are All Shakin' 	
20. (Make Me Do) Anything You Want
21. Rock You 


Enjoy & SEED!


Thanks...see ya!