Stacey Earle (1961-) is an American country music singer-songwriter. The sister of alt-country singer Steve Earle, she has recorded six albums to date, four with her husband, Mark Stuart (staceyearle).

Born in San Antonio, Texas, Ms. Earle began playing guitar at the age of fifteen, learning on an instrument left behind by her musician brother. Marrying at seventeen, she had two sons before the marriage ended in divorce in 1990. At that point, she and her sons moved to Nashville to live with her brother Steve, who recruited her to sing backing vocals and play rhythm guitar on his 1991 album, The Hard Way, and for the subsequent world tour (Ankeny). She would go on to appear on two more Steve Earle albums: Shut Up and Die Like an Aviator and Transcendental Blues (staceyandmark). After signing with Nashville's Ten Ten Music Group as a songwriter, Earle received notice for her song "For Years," which appeared on Sammy Kershaw's 1996 CD, Politics, Religion and Her (Ankeny).

She met her current husband, Mark Stuart, in 1991, married him in 1992, and has been singing and playing with him ever since. They were both members of her brother's band, Steve Earle and the Dukes, as well as her own band, the Jewels (named after her grandmother).

In January, 2000 Ms. Earle's album "Simple Gearle" was named by the New York Times among "Favorite CD's You Nearly Missed".

They have been touring and recording as Stacey Earle and Mark Stuart for over eight years, appearing at everything from festivals to clubs to private home shows to the tune of 170 concerts a year. In 2009, they announced on their web site that they would dissolve the duo (but not the marriage!) early in 2010 and thenceforth pursue individual recording careers (staceyandmark).
    
1. Waiting  
2. Wedding Night  
3. Tears That She Cries  
4. Next Door Down  
5. Silly You (Dear Sweet Peggy)  
6. Simple Gearle  
7. Losers Weep
8. Cried My Heart Out   
9. Weekend Runaways  
10. Show Me How  
11. If It Weren't for You   
12. In My Way (For Frances)  
13. Just Another Day  

cd ripped by dBpoweramp 

please seed


