Swedish is a melodic language with rising and falling tones. The sound and length of vowels and tones help differentiate the meaning of words.
Swedish spelling is largely phonetic. Once you know the sound each letter represents, you can approach accurate pronunciation of new words with confidence.
There are two categories of Swedish nouns—common and neuter—that determine the form of adjectives associated with those nouns.
Word order in Swedish is predictable, and the main verb is the second component of a sentence.
Verbs in Swedish only change for differences in tense. You don’t have to conjugate them for different subjects.
Swedish speakers rarely use formal speech, though they do use it in some dialects.
Learning Swedish gives you a head start if you decide to learn Danish or Norwegian. The languages are closely related and are often understood by native speakers and experienced learners.

This set will help you:

Build your vocabulary and language abilities
Spell and write accurately
Speak without a script
Retain what you’ve learned
Read and understand your new language
Share ideas and opinions, express feelings and talk about everyday life

Sample topics include:

The basics, such as age and family relations
Questions, greetings, introductions
Times of day, calendar terms, the weather
Directions, locations, telling time
Present, past and future tense
Apologies and polite requests
How to order at a restaurant and give and receive directions
Emotions, opinions and ideas
Political, media, business and religious terms

Requirements for Rosetta Stone User Workstations

Windows (32-bit editions only) 2000, XP or Vista, Mac OS X 10.4 or 10.5
512 MB RAM
1 GHz or faster processor speed
600 MB free hard-drive space (per level)
16-bit sound card
800 x 600 display resolution (1024 x 768 recommended)
Internet or phone connection required for product activation
Speech recognition feature requires a headset microphone (included with purchase)
16X CD-ROM Drive (for installation)

Note for Microsoft® Windows Vista™ users:

Current Rosetta Stone products have been engineered to install and run on the Windows Vista operating system. Some 3rd party components used in Rosetta Stone products have not been certified by Microsoft as ‘Vista Compliant’. Accordingly, you may encounter some Vista-related operating issues. Rosetta Stone technical support may or may not be able to resolve these Vista-related issues. Rosetta Stone hereby disclaims any representations, warranties, guaranties and conditions with respect to the compatibility of the Rosetta Stone products with the Windows Vista operating systems.