Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:46

[Video]
Resolution : 640x480
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1757 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.20 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps


Some lyrics in this video are censored.



One of Nickelback's more controversial songs, "Figured You Out" reached 65 on the Billboard Hot 100, but topped the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart for 13 consecutive weeks and was also voted one of the "40 Most Awesomely Bad Dirty Songs...Ever" on VH1. In 2004, the song was number one on both Billboard's Year-End Mainstream Rock Chart and Radio & Records Rock and Active Rock charts.

The song is the story of a wild, often abusive sexual relationship between a man and a woman. Although it seems that both are using drugs, the woman seems to have more problems with them than the man and (apparently) is willing to subject herself to degrading sexual activities while intoxicated.

During Nickelback's 2005 "The Long Road" Tour, at a performance at The Hammersmith Apollo in London, frontman Chad Kroeger told the audience that the song was not played on UK radio because it was considered "too dirty." The song's opening verse, "I like your pants around your feet," suggests the couple involved are having sex. As already mentioned, the lyrics also suggest that one, if not both, of the song's characters use drugs, specifically cocaine. ("I love the way you can't say no. Too many long lines in a row. I love the powder on your nose") The lyrics further suggest the couple frequently engages is rough sex, or that the man abuses the woman sexually when she is intoxicated and unable to say no or more likely to submit to the abuse. At first, the man in the song appears to enjoy the woman's reckless behavior and the abuse. In the second verse he tells the woman, I love your lack of self respect, while you're passed out on the deck, I love my hands around your neck). However, at the end of the song, the relationship appears to have exhausted the man, and he has changed his mind about the woman and her behavior. He now says he hates all the things he loved about her earlier.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/