Vinyan (Du Welz, 2008)[+Extra]-aNaRCHo

                    ENGLISH AND FRENCH SUBTITLES INCLUDED

                           (FILM IS IN ENGLISH)
 

So looking at imdb, im absolutely flabergasted by the reviews this film received. As far as i'm concerned this is ONE OF THE TOP 5 FILMS SCREENED AT TIFF 2008. This is one of the the most eerie, spooky and disturbing films i've seen in a long time. I fucking loved it, but then again i consider myself more cinematically knowledgable than most. This is an ART FILM, and lacking a mainstream hollywood style storyline is why i think it has received such poor reviews on imdb...by people that don't know anything about what good cinema is. 

The film follows Jeanne (Emmanuelle Beart) and her husband Paul (Rufus Sewell), a wealthy couple living in Thailand who have lost their young son Joshua in a Tsunami that had hit the island. When one of their friends, Kim, shows a video of orphaned children living in the jungles of Burma, with hopes of securing funds to send them humanitarian aid, Jeanne spots a boy wearing a Manchester United sweater and swears that it is her son. This throws her into a deeper fragile state of mind and she becomes hell bent on finding a way into Burma to seek out her lost child. Kim tells them of a man named Thaksin Gao that smuggles people in and out of Burma for a heafty price. At first they cannot find him, but trust a young thai man that says he can get them into the isolated country. Eventually they are led to Thaksin Gao who takes them deep into the jungles along the coast of Burma, to small villages where currency is small children. The first village they get to tries to pawn off a small Burmese boy as their son, but Paul wasn't falling for it. As they get deeper and deeper into the jungles of Burma, both members of the couple delve into even more fragile states of mind, bordering on mental breakdowns (in fact i think you could say that both do have mental breakdowns). What follows is not only unpredictable, but absolutely terrifying. This is one the most eerie, spooky and disturbing films i have seen in a long time, probably THE MOST SPOOKY FILM OF 2008.  ( i highly reccomend NOT reading synopses of this film, because on imdb and even on the back of the dvd it contains spoilers, ive left these out as i feel it will make the film much more enjoyable!)

Beart, Sewell and the Thai actor playing Thaksin Gao do an absolutely incredible job, the two leading actors' portrayal of a couple in severely fragile mental states of mind is incredible, TOP NOTCH ACTING. This comes second only to the ABSOLUTELY STUNNING AND EERIE JUNGLE CINEMATOGRAPHY of which the film consists. This when combined with the utter unpredictability  of the plot makes for one helluva film. I loved it, and highly reccomend it. One of the top 5 films screened at TIFF in my opinion!!! Hope you guys like it as much as i did!

Extra: -Hour Long "Making Of" Documentary (English Subtitles included, most of this doc is in FRENCH)

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!! 
