What is it about? These are the scary as hell 24 hours of family torture. In an episodic structure Funny Games (2007), The Strangers (2008) and The Last House on The Left (2009) are combined to one gruesome 3h movie. How much can you take?

tagline: Home is not sweet and it is not safe.

original film names: Funny Games (2007) by Michael Haneke
The Strangers (2008) by Bryan Bertino
The Last House on The Left (2009) by Dennis Iliadis
new film name : The Last Games Of The Strangers – Scary As Hell Edition
film studio name : Celluloid Dreams and 2 times Rogue Pictures
edit crew name : 3Raz0r
Date Edit Was Released : 08 2009
Original Runtime : Funny Games (2007): 111 minutes, The Strangers (2008): 88 minutes, The Last House on The Left (2009): 114 minutes, combined: 313 minutes
New Runtime : 190 minutes
Amount of time Cut/Added : about 120 minutes

Cuts removed/added/extended :
Funny Games:

- deleted all scenes that directly address the audience
- deleted a lot of "game-talk" by Paul and Peter
- deleted a lot of "reason-talk" by Paul and Peter
- deleted remote control scene
- deleted several draggingly long scenes
- deleted Anne, George and Georgie arrival

The Strangers:

- deleted Kristen and James arrival
- deleted intro flashback and Kristen/James flashback scene
- shortened several long scenes
- deleted "barn-radio" scene

The Last House On The Left:

- deleted Krug gang first assault
- deleted swimming, arrival at the house and boathouse scene
- shortened several long scenes throughout the movie
- shortened "hunting Paige" scene
- shortened "nose stitching" scene
- shortened "wound treatment" scenes

Fanedit details :
Some people already know that I have a fable for horror movies. With this episodic take on 3 movies into 1, I wanted to create an ultimate "how much can you take?" fanedit. The 3 movies have a few things in common: all 3 happen in more or less 24h and in all 3 of them sweet and innocent families are tortured by violent strangers. Other than that the movies differ a lot from each other. I tried to correct that, which turns "Funny Games" into a serious movie, "The Strangers" into a less dragging one and "The Last House On The Left" into a "less gory" one. I have changed the aspect ratio and the look of the movies, so they all better fit to each other. The order of the scenes is set by the time events occur. So the fanedit starts in the morning and ends in the morning of the next day. It takes a bit of time to get used to the narration style, because you are actually watching 3 movies and it is intentional that it feels like switching from one to the other.

The release:
This fanedit is available as NTSC SL DVD, xvid avi and ipod ready mp4.

The DVD is very compressed but looks great. If the audience insists on a Dual Layer, I am willing to create and upload one, but I don't think it is necessary.

aspect ratio: 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen

Your intention for this fanedit:
my intention? You would not have guessed it, but I want to make you suffer and put you through an experience that you will not easily forget. All 3 movies have their weaknesses, combined I think they are a lot better and really different. "Funny Games" was a strange horror movie that played the audience. It was draggingly slow. It had weird scenes. I know, I deleted the experimental approach from it by adding score and taking away what made it special. But now it's actually thrilling. "The Strangers" had its major weakness in repeating again and again the same games to cause anxiety. Even though it is the shortest of the three, it felt very long. By splitting it up and cutting away bits and pieces it gets a lot more scary. "The Last House On The Left" was a solid, yet standard remake that unlike the original was told as a thrilling story. But it suffers from nowadays weakness of too much unneeded gore and too streamlined scenes that we all have seen way to often. By cutting the crap I think I have reduced it to a version that has more in common with the coldness of the original.

Your way to achieve your intention:
the usual way, which was as usual pretty unusual.

Hardware and software information :
My nice new computer.
Womble. Goldwave. Besweet. DVD LAB PRO. Pro Show Gold. Avisynth. TMPG Xpress.

Who am I?
I am 3Raz0r, I like horror movies and I dig fanedits.


Time needed for the edition: a few weeks (the final cut took 5 days, since I had to wait for the Last House On The Left DVD)
persons involved: my beautiful self

Additional information links:
imdb: (The Last House On The Left - 2009) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844708/
(The Strangers) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0482606/
(Funny Games US) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0808279/

artwork:

available: DVD, avi and mp4 onfanedit.org
avi on torrent

