Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Did It Again" is a song by Colombian Latin pop singer Shakira. It was released as the second international single from her third English studio album She Wolf. The song will also be released with a Spanish version, released mainly to Latin America and Spain, named "Lo Hecho Está Hecho", as was done with "She Wolf" with Spanish version "Loba".

The song's official remix has a more urban sound, featuring additional vocals from Kid Cudi and is featured on the American special edition of the album.

"Did It Again" will be released as the official second single internationally. It was released with a Spanish version titled "Lo Hecho Está Hecho" and has reached top 40 in most countries including 17 in Ireland, 26 in Switzerland, 29 in the UK and 34 in Germany and Austria.

The music video for the song was directed by Sophie Muller on September 17 and September 18, 2009, in Los Angeles, California. It was released on October 30, 2009. A video for the Spanish version was also released. The video begins with Korean female drummers drumming as the beat starts, Shakira is seen in a sauna with her friends wearing all white outfits, and later cuts to a scene where Shakira is seen with her love interest (played by b-boy Daniel "Cloud" Campos) in a room alone doing a contact improvisation-inspired routine on top of the bed. It also shows scenes of Shakira singing alone in the bed. In the last scene Shakira is seen dancing in a hall in a sequined outfit and cuts in between scene of Shakira and the Koreans female drummers, drumming as Shakira is dancing.

According to Shakira the main influences for this video were Lawrence Alma-Tadema paintings and jidba, a sort of an intense trance which is part of the Lila, a traditional ritual of Morocco.

A video for the remix featuring Kid Cudi premiered in December 2009. However it should be noted that it's not the actual remixed version with the different beat, it’s simply the original version with Kid Cudi’s raps thrown in the video.

She Wolf is the third English studio album (eighth overall) by Colombian Latin-pop singer-songwriter Shakira, first released on October 9, 2009, in Europe through Sony Music, October 12 in the UK with RCA Records and November 23 in the US with Epic Records.

The album sees Shakira shift from latin pop and pop rock to electropop while also exploring dancehall. She co-wrote and co-produced all of the album, apart from her second US single, with Pharrell Williams and his production outfit The Neptunes or duo John Hill and Sam Endicott. The US version of the album is labelled the special edition and features additional songs.

The lead single is also called "She Wolf" in English-speaking territories and reached top 10 worldwide. In Latin America and Spain the Spanish language version of the song "Loba" was released alongside. "Did It Again" was released internationally whilst the US recieved the Timbaland-produced "Give It Up to Me" instead. To date the album has sold 1.5 million copies


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

