Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:07:56

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1466 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.13 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


"Aqualung" is a song by English progressive rock band Jethro Tull, being the opening title track from their first U.S. Top 10 album, Aqualung, which reached #7 in June, 1971. The song was written by the band's frontman, Ian Anderson, and his then-wife Jennie Franks.

Like many of Jethro Tull's songs, "Aqualung" tells a story —in this case, the story of a homeless man who's pedophilic, dirty and dripping snot. The opening lyrics are: "Sitting on a park bench, eyeing little girls with bad intent. Snot running down his nose, greasy fingers smearing shabby clothes. Hey, Aqualung".

The original recording runs exactly for 6 minutes and 34 seconds, and with one of the most legendary chords in rock history, the first six notes of Aqualung may well demonstrate Anderson's clear interest in Beethoven and his fifth symphony. Also, the song contains what might well be considered Martin Barre's most stunning and melodic guitar solo in his entire career. Twenty years later after he laid down that solo, he said:

The only thing I can remember about cutting the solo is that Led Zeppelin was recording next door, and as I was playing it, Jimmy Page walked into the control room and waved to me. How I didn't stop playing I don't know, but I carried on somehow.

In an interview with Ian Anderson in the September 1999 Guitar World, he said:

    Aqualung wasn't a concept album, although a lot of people thought so. The idea came about from a photograph my wife at the time took of a tramp in London. I had feelings of guilt about the homeless, as well as fear and insecurity with people like that who seem a little scary. And I suppose all of that was combined with a slightly romanticized picture of the person who is homeless but yet a free spirit, who either won't or can't join in society's prescribed formats.

    So from that photograph and those sentiments, I began writing the words to 'Aqualung.' I can remember sitting in a hotel room in L.A., working out the chord structure for the verses. It's quite a tortured tangle of chords, but it was meant to really drag you here and there and then set you down into the more gentle acoustic section of the song.

The Aqualung character is also mentioned in "Cross-Eyed Mary", the next song on the album. "Aqualung" was named the 90th greatest hard rock song by VH1 in 2009.

Aqualung is the fourth studio album by the rock  band Jethro Tull, released in 1971. It was their first album with John Evan as a full-time member, their first with new bassist Jeffrey Hammond and last album featuring Clive Bunker on drums.

The first side of the LP contains a series of six character sketches, including two sketches of people of questionable repute (title character Aqualung and Cross-Eyed Mary) and two autobiographical tracks including "Cheap Day Return", written by band leader Ian Anderson while going for a visit to his critically ill father.

In 2003, the album was ranked number 337 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. In the Q & Mojo Classic Special Edition Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock, the album came #7 in its list of "40 Cosmic Rock Albums".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/