Season 6, Episode 9: Allegiance

The Tok'ra are forced to evacuate their newly established base under attack from 

the Goa'uld. They flee to the SGC's Alpha site. Tensions rise between the allied 

factions, the Free Jaffa, Tau'ri, and Tok'ra. Jacob and Selmac feel the end of the 

Tok'ra is near and Sam finds a Naquadah generator has been sabotaged to function 

as a bomb. Jack suspects the recently arrived Tok'ra and attempts to weed out the 

traitor.
	
Season 6, Episode 10: Cure

SG-1 is negotiating a treaty with the inhabitants of Pangera. The have sometime 

miraculous to offer - a drug they call tretonin that can cure any ill. But there 

is a catch: the drug replaces the the user's immune system and must be taken 

forever. The Pangerans want specific world coordinates in exchange for the drug - 

and some of those places are the homes of powerful system lords. They won't 

explain why, but it clearly has to do with tretonin. Then the Tok'ra, called in to 

help solve the problem, make a startling discovery about the ultimate source of 

tretonin.
	
Season 6, Episode 11: Prometheus

A television news crew has unearthed information about an Air Force project called 

"Prometheus". They believe it to be a generator, but know it uses Trinium, an 

element not found on Earth. In order to keep them quiet the Air Force allows them 

to film the X-303, a spaceship based on Asgard technologies, otherwise known as 

Prometheus. Things turn south when the news crew arm themselves and hold the 

Prometheus, as well as Sam and Jonas, hostage.
	
Season 6, Episode 12: Unnatural Selection

The Asguard home galaxy has been over-run by the replicators, and they ask for 

SG-1's help. The Asguard believed they had trapped the replicators with a device 

that would slow down time, but it seems to have failed. They need SG-1 to enter 

replicator infested space, find the time dilation machine and reset it. When SG-1 

land at the designated point, they meet 5 individuals, who control the 

replicators. The others reveal that they are an evolution of the replicators - 

composed of micro-cellular replicator blocks, and modeled on Reese, who created 

the original replicators. These others have reset the time machine so that time is 

moving more quickly within this area of space - to allow them to evolve and build 

an enormous army that can invade the rest of space. The minds of the team are 

probed by the first 4 others. However, the last member of the others (called 

Fifth) seems reluctant - he is described as weak by First, the leader of the 

replicators. He was an attempt to model Reese more fully, but the mistake will not 

be repeated. Carter senses his reluctance to probe her mind, but invites him to do 

so - and they agree a plan. Fifth will reset the time dilation machine to run 

slowly, and he will escape with the SG team. While time is passing slowly for his 

brethren, the Asguard will have hundreds of years to fix the mistake in the 

others. Fifth has to leave later than the SG team to avoid arousing the suspicion 

of the others; Jack orders Carter to set the timer on the device to activate 

earlier than Fifth has been told. SG-1 escape successfully as the time dilation 

device reverses the trend within the area of space, and makes time run much more 

slowly. However, Fifth is caught by his brethren, and realises that Carter had 

broken her promise not to leave without him. Carter and Jonas regret using Fifth's 

humanity against him, but even though Jack seems uncomfortable, he declares that 

Fifth wasn't human, and they made the only correct choice.
