Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video is the version that includes The Santa Clause 3 scenes.



"Greatest Time of Year" is the first and only single from Aly & AJ's Christmas album Acoustic Hearts of Winter. The single was used for The Santa Clause 3, similar to the way Hilary Duff's song "Santa Clause Lane" was used for The Santa Clause 2, and the music video also had scenes from the film. The video first aired on October 16, 2006 on the Disney Channel. The single debuted at number ninety-six on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart.

It was released to iTunes as a single version with the beginning chorus cut off like in the video as well as an 8 second snippet just before the bridge. The cover of the single is also included, despite that it wasn't a mainstream single release.

The song is also featured in Disney's holiday albums, Disney Channel Holiday and All Wrapped Up. The version in Disney Channel Holiday is the album version, while the version in All Wrapped Up is a new edit, which has no bridge, and ended with a live-audience sound.

The music video was directed by Declan Whitebloom.

The video does not include the intro but instead skips to the first verse of the song, and it also leaves out a small 8 second snippet just before the bridge. There are no other differences.

The music video first aired on Disney Channel after Twitches in October 2006. Disney has begun airing it more frequently once The Santa Clause 3 came out in theaters and its Billboard debut.

Acoustic Hearts of Winter is a Christmas album from American teen pop duo Aly & AJ. The album was released on September 26, 2006 in the United States. The only single from the album was "Greatest Time of Year", which was used as promotion for The Santa Clause 3 with the music video containing clips of the film. The music video premiered on Disney Channel on October 16, 2006 after the premiere of the Disney Channel Original movie Twitches.

As of December 31, 2006, the album has sold over 110,000 copies in the U.S.


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

