 http://sharereactor.com/release/13967-batman-arkham-asylum-2009.htm

In Batman: Arkham Asylum the player assumes the role of Batman as he delivers The Joker to Arkham Asylum. There, the imprisoned super-villains have set a trap and an immersive combat gaming experience unfolds. With an original script penned by Emmy Award-winning Batman writer Paul Dini, the game brings the universe of DC Comics' detective to life!

Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes players to a unique, dark and atmospheric adventure that takes them to the depths of Arkham Asylum -- Gotham's psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane. Gamers will move in the shadows, instigate fear amongst their enemies and confront The Joker and Gotham City's most notorious villains who have taken over the asylum. Using a wide range of Batman's gadgets and abilities, players will become the invisible predator and attempt to foil The Joker's demented scheme

Things to take note of.

You create an offline profile but for some reason it does not recognize that you are indeed logged in. So it asks do you want to continue playing the game. JUST go for it.

U can pause the game. Come out of full screen. Minimize it do your other stuff or The game itself keeps on self saving at various checkpoints. U will continue the story no matter what.

Specifications and Description

OPERATING SYSTEM: Microsoft Windows XP or Vista
CPU: Intel Pentium 4 3GHz or AMD Athlon 64 3500+
RAM: 1GB for Windows XP 2GB for Windows Vista
GRAPHICS: nVidia 6600 or ATI 1300
SOUND: Microsoft Windows XP/Vista compatible sound card (100% DirectX 9.0c -compatible)
DVD-ROM: Quad-speed (4x) DVD-ROM drive
HARD DRIVE: 9GB free disk space

The recommended system requirements are as follows:
OPERATING SYSTEM: Microsoft Windows XP or Vista
CPU: Core 2 Duo E6600 (2.4Ghz) or Athlon 64 X2 4600+
RAM: 2GB for Windows XP 3GB for Windows Vista
GRAPHICS: nVidia 9800GTX or ATI 3870
SOUND: Microsoft Windows XP/Vista compatible sound card (100% DirectX 9.0c -compatible)
DVD-ROM: Quad-speed (4x) DVD-ROM drive

Instructions to Install

1. Run BatmanArkhamAsylum.exe from the setup folder and make sure it is in the same folder as the 5 data files.
2. The game will extract and follow the instructions to install.
3. Copy the crack given in the crack folder and paste it in the Binaries directory.
4. Run the laucnher and ENJOY!