First,

This is not fake (why should I when im trusted) its just a link to a site but I upload it here so you guys know about this site!



Saturday, December 19, 2009
I Did This Just For Fun and It Worked For me ....
-19 Dec 2009

Try out on your own Risk and .....if its patched or not working for u ........don't blame me cause 
Once the IW & Steam notice they will patch it........OK let start ...
This guide will Solve the 2 Min steam Kick problem :) .

What U Need

Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 installed on your system (SKIDROW RELEASE,Razor1911, RELOADED..Ect )
Steam installed on your system ( Download STEAM and INSTALL )


So Now Follow The Steps.....

PART ONE :- Install Zero Gear Beta On New steam Account

Make New Account In Steam ( Don't Use Steam account With your legit Game :- it can get ban )
Go to Zero Gear Beta Enter Your valid email address into the BOX
Press Submit Query
Go into your email inbox - open message - Zero Gear Beta Invite (from NimbleBit)
Click on the link to get your beta key 
Login to Steam and go to the My games tab.
Click the Activate a product on Steam... button located in the lower left of the games menu and Enter the Beta key

Follow the onscreen instructions to Install Zero Gear beta (Its a nice game thu ;) )

Go To Steam and go to the My games tab. Right click -> properties -> Update tab select Automatic updates - select Do not automatically update this game ..and Close .

Now Test It By Playing Online with Steam ......If its working fine ......Then Exit the Steam completely..

PART TWO :- Now Copy Paste All Modern Warfare 2 files to Steam ..

go to default streams folder (e.g :- C:Program Files (x86)Steam) now go to steamappscommonzero gearServer , and now Select all files Inside it and delete it

Now Copy All Files Modern Warfare 2 Game Files

And go to default streams folder Steamsteamappscommonzero gearServer and paste
PART THREE :- Download My files and Past and play ..


This part Is simple download the RAR file 
extract it and copy and past common folder in Steamsteamapps folder overwright (copy replace)
Now Login to Steam and go to the My games tab..
And Play Zero Gear .........But it will launch MW 2 ..
If Not Working Then Follow The step properly ..

I had lot of time and MW2 is PC version Is Not released in my Country (it will release in jan ) and i was frustrated so I did This Crazy shit :)

I am Gone buy the retail version of the Game Anyway , when it will release in my Country (jan 2nd or 3rd Week )....


THANKS TO RZKING	


