Video 1 IntroductionLearn what’s in the course.

What is VMware vSphere? 
What We Will Cover in This vSphere Training Course 
Video 2 Meet Your InstructorIn this Video you will find out a little bit about your instructor David Davis and you will learn about the importance of VMware.

Meet Your Instructor 
Why is VMware ESX So Important to Me, You, and the Future of IT? 
Video 3 Our Scenario with the Wired Brain Coffee CompanyIn this Video I layout the scenario we will be using throughout the course, that will allow us to work hands on with VMware ESX vSphere in a corporate setting.

Our Scenario 
Your Role in the Company 
Network Diagram 
Video 4 VMware Certification - Preparing for the VCP and VCDXIn this Video you will discover the benefits of becoming a VCP and you will learn the best way to prepare for your VCP and VCDX exams. 

What are My VMware Certification Options? 
What Does It Take to Get a VCP? 
What Are the Benefits to Becoming a VCP? 
How Do I Upgrade My VCP Certification? 
How Do I Best Prepare for the VCP? 
What Does It Take to Get a VCDX? 
What is a vExpert? 
Video 5-1 Introduction to Virtualization In this Video we are starting with the basics of virtualization. If you’re new to virtualization this Video will be a great place to start out and if you are more experienced with virtualization, then this Video will be a great virtualization review as you start to work your way through the rest of the course.

What is Virtualization? 
Virtualization Management Layer Approach 
Dedicated Virtualization Approach 
What Are the Various Types of Virtualization? 
Server Virtualization 
Storage Virtualization 
Network Virtualization 
Application Virtualization 
Desktop Virtualization 
What Type of Virtualization is Right for Your? 
What Makes Virtualization So Appealing? 
How Can Server Virtualization Help Me? 
Video 5-2 Virtualization Products Compared What are the differences between the various virtualization products that are available? In this Video we will compare and contrast virtualization software and go over the pluses and minuses of each.

VMware ESX 4 Server 
VMware Server 
Microsoft Hyper-V 
Microsoft Virtual Server 2005 R2 with SP1 
Citrix XenServer 
Competitive Comparison 
Video 6 VMware ESXi4 Free Edition for the SMB In this Video you will learn the differences between the free edition of VMware ESXi and vSphere. Plus, you will see why ESXi is a great solution for small businesses.

What Does VMware ESXi Free Edition Offer You? 
Why is ESXi Free Ideal for the SMB? 
Hardware Requirements 
Getting and Installing ESXi Free 
VMware ESXi Free Edition FAQ 
ESXi vs. vSphere 
Video 7 VMware vSphere 4 and ESX EssentialsIn this Video we will discuss the new features and versions of vSphere and vSphere related products. Plus, we will delve into one of the hottest IT topics around today, Cloud Computing.

vSphere Overview 
vSphere Offers New Features 
Learning "vEverything" – vCloud, vCompute, vNetwork, vStorage, and vMore 
Cloud Computing 
vSphere Components 
VMware vSphere-Related Products 
Packaging and Versions 
No, You Cannot Buy ESX 
New Licensing Changes in vSphere 
Upgrading from Virtual Infrastructure Suite/ESX 3.x 
Video 8-1 vSphere Management OptionsIn this Video you will learn how to utilize the different management options of vSphere in order to properly take advantage of the features that vSphere offers.

How Do I Manage This Thing? 
What’s the Password, Man? 
Point Your Web Browser to ESX and vCenter 
Command Line Junkies – COS and SSH 
Hacking the ESXi Console to Gain Access 
I Love the vSphere Client! 
Video 8-2 Installing the VMware vSphere ClientBefore you install the vSphere Client, you need to understand the installation requirements to make sure everything installs smoothly. Plus, we will actual download and perform a VMware vSphere installation.

vSphere Client Installation Requirements 
vSphere Client Includes... 
Downloading and Installing the vSphere Client 
Video 8-3 Navigating vSphere using the vSphere ClientInstalling the vSphere Client won’t do you much good if you’re unsure how to use it. In this Video, I will walk you through what you need to know to successfully utilize the vSphere Client.

vSphere Terminology (Lingo) 
Using the vSphere Client 
Navigating the vSphere Client with Hotkeys 
Searching the Virtual Infrastructure 
Sorting and Filtering in the vSphere Client 
Exporting Data 
Running Reports 
Performing VM Guest Remote Control 
Video 9 Running VMware ESX 4 in WorkstationIn this Video you will learn why running VMware ESX 4 in Workstation may be beneficial. Plus, I will walk you through the requirements for this type of setup and the best way to configure VMware ESX in Workstation.

Why Would You Want to Run ESX in WS? 
What is Required? 
Do I Have the Right CPU? 
How Do You Configure Your Workstation VM That Will Run ESX? 
Creating ESX Server 4.0 Inside Workstation 
Running Our New ESX Server 
Video 10-1 Installing VMware ESX 4In this Video I will prepar you to install VMware ESX 4 and you can follow along as I download and install VMware ESX 4, step-by-step.

Why is Hardware Compatibility so Important? 
How to Check Hardware Compatibility 
Official Hardware Requirements 
Downloading VMware ESX 4 
Installing VMware ESX 4, Step by Step 
Starting ESX 4 for the First Time 
Installation Tips and Tricks 
Video 10-2 Installing VMware ESXi Version 4In this Video you will learn the process of checking for hardware compatability, checking hardware requirements, and you will work hands on to install and configure your own ESXi Server!

Why is Hardware Compatibility so Important? 
How to Check Hardware Compatability 
Official Hardware Requirements 
ESXi Installation Notes 
ESXi is the "Real Deal" 
Difference Between ESXi Free, ESXi Installable, and ESXi Embedded 
Downloading VMware ESXi Version 4 
Installing VMware ESXi Version 4, Step By Step 
5 Steps to Configuring Your New ESXi Server 
Checking DNS in a Web Browser 
Video 11-1 Installing VMware vCenter 4In this Video you will learn about the new features of vCenter 4. Plus, you will see how to install and configure vCenter 4 step by step.

vCenter 101 – What You Need to Know 
What&rsqups New in vCenter4 
Installation Requirements and Prerequisites 
vCenter Server Components & Add-Ons 
Required Ports for vCenter 
How and Where to Download vCenter 4 
Advantages to Installing vCenter in a VM 
Installing vCenter 4, Step-by-Step 
Verifying Our Installation 
Video 11-2 Installing VMware ESXi Version 4In this Video you will see how to properly name and organize your Virtual Infrastructure. Plus, you will work hands on to create and configure your own Virtual Infrastructure.

Planning the Virtual Infrastructure 
Wired Brain Coffee Company Network Diagram 
Creating Our Virtual Infrastructure 
Configuring vSphere Licensing 
Removing "Getting Started" Tabs 
Configuring the ESX Server Clock and NTP 
vCenter Server Settings and Plugins 
Reviewing System Logs 
vCenter Sessions 
vCenter Service Status 
Monitoring ESX Host Health Hardware Status 
Video 11-3 Creating and Modifying Virtual Guest MachinesInstalling a guest operating system in a guest virtual machine can be tricky and in this Video you will see how to avoid common issues while installing a guest OS. Plus, you will work hands on to create your own guest virtual machine and install a guest operating system. 

Changing BIOS Settings in a Guest VM 
Creating ISO Images of CD/DVD Install Media 
Using LC ISO Creator 
Transferring ISO Files to Your ESX Server 
Using Datastore Browser Upload Feature 
Using Secure Copy Protocol (SCP) 
Using PuTTY 
Samba Client Share 
Creating a New Virtual Machine and Installing the OS 
VMware Guest OS Install Guide 
VMware Compatibility Guide 
Steps to Installing Your New Guest VM 
Creating a New VM 
Installing a Guest Operating System 
Downloading VMs from Virtual Appliance Marketplace 
Video 11-4 Installing and Configuring VMware ToolsIn this Video I will show you why using VMware Tools is essential and I will cover everything from installing VMware Tools, to configuring VMware Tools, and updating VMware tools. 

Why You Should Use the VMware Tools 
Installing the VMware Tools in Linux 
Verifying VMware Tools Installation 
Running VMware Toolbox in Linux 
Updating VMware Tools 
Installing the VMware Tools in Windows 
Configuring VMware Tools with VMware Toolbox 
How to Use Searching, Sorting, and Filtering to Find Out if VMware Tools are Installed 
Video 11-5 Adding Virtual Machine Hardware with vSphere Hot PlugOne of the main benefits of virtualization is the ability to add new virtual machine hardware to your VM quickly and efficiently. In this Video you will learn how to "Hot Add" RAM and "Hot Plug" for CPU while your virtual machine is running. 

Adding, Modifying, and Removing Virtual Hardware 
What Are the Requirements to Use vSphere Hot Add/Hot Plug? 
Using Hot Add to Add RAM to a Virtual Machine 
Using Hot Plug to Add CPU to a Virtual Machine 
Using Hot Add and Hot Plug without a Reboot 
Adding a 2nd Virtual Disk to a Running Virtual Machine 
Expanding a Virtual Disk on a Running Virtual Machine 
Video 11-6 Using vSphere Host ProfilesIn this Video you will see how to solve common issues like standardizing ESX Server configuration, using Host Profiles. This is a cool new feature in vSphere that you can’t afford to miss! 

Standardizing ESX Server Configuration with vSphere Host Profiles 
5 Steps to Using Host Profiles 
Creating and Editing Host Profiles 
Checking Compliance 
Applying Host Profiles to Servers and Clusters 
Another Way of Checking Compliance 
Video 12 Administering VMware ESX Server SecurityIn this Video you will learn how to use the various security tools of vSphere to make sure your virtual environment is properly secured. 

Basics of vSphere Security 
VMsafe and vShield Overview 
Default vSphere Security Roles 
Adding, Modifying, and REmoving ESX Users and Groups 
Using Windows AD Users and Groups to Secure vSphere 
Using AD to Give Specific Access 
Defining and Applying Roles and Permissions 
Creating Custom Role 
Allowing Root Login via SSH 
Securing Guest Virtual Machines 
Video 13-1 Introduction to and Installing VMware Data Recovery (VDR)In this Video you will learn how to install and configure VDR. Plus, we will discuss the benefits and limitations of VDR. 

What is VMware Data Recovery (VDR) 
Why Do I Need VDR? 
How Do I Get Data Recovery? 
What Are the Benefits of Using VDR? 
What Are the Limitations of VDR? 
How Does VDR Work? 
Installing VMware Data Recovery 
Configuring VDR Appliance 
Installing VDR Plug-In 
Connecting VDR Appliance to VMware vCenter 
Video 13-2 Backup and Restore with VMware Data Recovery (VDR)In this Video you will work hands on to backup and restore data on your own virtual machines. 

Creating a Backup Destiniation – Local 
Adding a Network Share 
Creating a VDR Backup Job 
Gotchas of VMware Data Recovery 
Checking Backup Job Status 
Recovering/Restoring an ESX Guest VM 
Video 14-1 Virtual Storage 101 and Storage TerminologyStorage is a critical piece of any virtual infrastructure. In this Video you will learn the critical knowledge you will need to properly utilize Virtual Storage. 

Storage 101s 
Storage Area Networks 101 
Understanding iSCSI Storage 
Why You Need a Storage Area Network (SAN) 
Storage Terms You Must Know 
What Is in a Database? 
ESX Server Storage Options 
VMFS Specs and Maximums 
Video 14-2 Configuring vSphere StorageIn this you will work hands on to configure vSphere Storage using the virtual storage theory you have learned thus far. 

New vSphere Datastore Inventory 
Datastore Maps 
Datastore Performance 
Datastore Configuration Tab 
Datastore Tasks, Events, Alarms, and Permissions 
Database Storage Views 
Thin Provisioning for Fun and Profit 
Creating New Virtual Machine with Thin Provision Disk 
Finding Out the Disk Provisioning Type on Existing Disks 
Converting a Thick Provision Disk to a Thin Provision Disk and Vice Versa 
Storage Views in Relation to Thin Provisioning 
Configure an Alarm to Prevent Overprovision 
Digging Into Datastores 
Taking and Using vSphere Snapshots 
Creating and Deleting Snapshots 
Video 14-3 Creating a Free iSCSI SAN with OpenFilerA Storage Area Network is the best way to manage storage when you have two or more servers. In this Video I will show you how to use OpenFiler to configure iSCSI so that you will have one place to back up your data and manage your data as it grows. 

OpenFiler Can "Open" Your Eyes to a SAN 
Free SAN for All – Downloading OpenFiler 
Installing OpenFiler 
Configuring OpenFiler 
Configuring OpenFiler as Our iSCSI SAN 
Configuring iSCSI in vSphere 4 
Creating a New Datastore for Our New Connection 
Video 15-1 vSphere Virtual NetworkingIn this Video you will learn about the vNetwork and the benefits of network virtualization. You will see how Virtual Networking can save your company time and money when it comes to implementation, troubleshooting, and getting away from physical hardware. 

vNetwork Overview 
New vNetwork Features in vSphere 
vNetwork Terms – vmnic, vswitch, vswif, & Port Group 
Viewing Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP) Stats 
vNetwork Configuration Scenarios – Single NIC 
vNetwork Configuration Scenarios – Private/Host Only 
vNetwork Configuration Scenarios – Multiple NICs 
Using VLANs with vSphere 
Configuring vNetworks and vSwitches 
Moving Linux Servers to New VM Network 
Providing ESX3 with Network Redundancy and Load Balancing 
Checking Out Network Traffic Shaping and Security Options 
CLI Network Troubleshooting Commands 
Best Practices for vSphere Networking 
Video 15-2 Using the vSphere Distributed Virtual Switch (dvswitch)The vNetwork Distributed Switch is a new feature that can only be found in VMware vSphere. In this Video you will learn how to configure the vDS to provide consistent networking across all hosts. 

Introduction to the vNetwork Distributed Switch (vDS) 
Comparing the vSphere Standard Switch to the Distributed Virtual Switch 
Benefits of the Distributed Virtual Switch 
Creating a New dvSwitch and Adding Hosts and vmnics to dvSwitch 
Creating a dvport Group 
Migrating a Single Virtual Machine 
Migrating Legacy vSwitches and VM Networks to dvSwitch 
Migrating Virtual Adaptors (SC & VMKernel) to dvSwitch 
Viewing dvSwitch Mapping, Adv Conf, & Alarms 
Video 16 Understanding and Using Tasks, Events, and AlarmsIn this Video you will work hands on to learn how to use tasks and events and how to access them at different levels of the virtual infrastructure. Plus, you will learn to configure SNMP and SMTP to send email from vCenter. 

Understanding Tasks and Events 
Exporting Events 
"Events Home" Section 
Creating Scheduled Tasks 
Configuring SNMP Traps in vCenter 
Configuring SMTP Email in vCenter 
Alerting with vCenter Alarms 
Video 17 Performance Optimization in VMware vSphereIn this Video you will learn about the best practices to improve your vSphere 4 performance. Plus, we will work with several performance management tools and use them to view performance information inside the vSphere Client and at the command line. 

What’s New in vSphere 4 Related to Performance 
Selecting the Right Hardware 
Performance Best Practices 
Why You Should Care About "Ready Time" 
vSphere Performance Management Tools 
CLI Performance Tool esxtop on ESX Full and ESXi 
vSphere Performance Management Tools 
3rd Party Performance Management Tools 
Using Distributed Resource Scheduler (DRS) 
Video 18 Upgrading from VMware ESX 3.x and Virtual Infrastructure to vSphere 4Is your company currently using a version of ESX 3.x? Don’t let the daunting task of upgrading get you down! In this Video we will work step by step through the upgrade process from ESX 3.x to vSphere 4. 

Upgrade Prerequisites 
Basic Upgrade Process 
Edition Licenses 
Upgrade Checklist for the Wired Brain Coffee Company 
vCenter Server Upgrade 
ESX Host Upgrade Using the vSphere Host Upgrade Utility 
Upgrading VMware Tools and Virtual Hardware Version 
Upgrading Licensing 
Video 19-1 Moving Virtual Machines with VMotionIn this Video you will learn how to use VMotion to move RUNNING virtual machines off of one ESX server and onto another ESX server. That means that your end users can use the applications on the virtual machine while you are moving it, resulting in virtually no downtime! You can’t afford to miss this Video! 

Why You need VMotion 
VMotion Requirements 
VMotioning Virtual Machines 
Video 19-2 Moving Virtual Storage with SVMotionIn this Video you will learn how to move the storage of RUNNING virtual machines from one datastore to another datastore. Plus, you will work hands on with SVMotion to migrate your storage to another datastore. 

What is SVMotion? 
SVMotion Requirements 
Thin Provisioning and SVMotion 
SVMotion Your Storage – Step-by-Step 
Video 19-3 Load Balancing with Distributed Resource Scheduler (DRS)As utilization of your virtual infrastructure begins to grow you will notice that the load on some virtual machines will be much greater than others. In this Video you will learn how to use the Distributed Resource Scheduler to guarantee service levels and prevent a single virtual machine from monopolizing all of the resources. 

Auto Load Balancing with DRS 
Requirements to Use DRS 
Reserving Resources 
Creating a DRS Enabled Cluster 
Adding ESX Servers to Our Cluster 
Testing DRS 
Using Resource Allocation 
DRS/HA Cluster Settings 
Resource Distribution Chart 
Creating Resource Pools 
Video 19-4 Implementing High Availability with VMware HA (VMHA)In this Video you will learn how to use High Availability to bring back a critical application in the event of an ESX server failure. Plus, you will work hands on to configure VMHA in your own virtual environment. 

Why Do You Need High Availability (HA)? 
VMHA Saving the Day 
Requirements for VMHA 
Configuring VMHA, Step-by-Step 
Adding ESX Host to the Cluster 
Enabling VMHA 
Testing VMHA 
Optional VMHA Configurations 
Best Practices for VMHA 
Video 19-5 Super High Availability with VMware Fault Tolerance (FT)In this Video I will show you how to implement Fault Tolerance to provide continuous availability for a Virtual Machine. This literally means you will see how to make sure your Virtual Machines experience zero downtime! 

Achieve Zero Downtime with Fault Tolerance (FT) 
Requirements of FT 
Constraints of FT 
Testing to See If You Can Use FT with VMware Site Survey 
Flip the Switch and Enable FT! 
Testing Failover of Fault Tolerance Virtual Machine 