JIMMY ROGERS & BIG MOOSE WALKER
CHICAGO BLUES SESSIONS VOL 15- CHICAGO BOUND
Label:Wolf
Released :1989
Format:Flac


[b]BIG MOOSE WALKER  [/b]
One ot the last living legends of the piano blues, Born June 27,1927 in Stoneville, MS, he got in touch with music tor the first lime in a church, like many blues musicans from the southern parts of the United States. He has always shown a talent for music that made him learn a string of instruments like guitar, tuba, vibes and piano, of course. He joined Ike Turner's Kings of Rhythm in Clarksdale and The King Biscuit Boys in Helena and on the other hand he was able to backup other pianists on the guitar. In the fifties he used to travel many miles around the country with Lowell Fulson. It was in this time that he held his first recording sessions and the artists he worked with were no less than the legendary Elmore James and Sonny Boy Williamson. Sunnyland Slim persuaded him to move to 
Chicago, home of contemporary blues This move offered him even more chances to cooperate with well known musicans as there are Earl Hooker and Willie Dixon, the latter taking him to New York. He was recorded in New York by Prestige/Bluesville During a recording session in New Orleans together with Elmore James he sang a tew tunes but not to much attention had been paid to these songs In 1969 an album with the Moose as leading artist had been released. He was very close to Earl Hooker with whom he worked in Chicago and on the road Moose has shown up as a sideman in various bands in the Chicago area, working with Mighty Joe Young, Eddie Shaw and many others. 


JIMMY ROGERS
 born June 3.1924 in Ruleville, MS II is funny that he was not influenced by watching those Delta-musicans  in action but by listening to records! At the age of 16 he made his first public appearances at local house-parties, which was the beginning of a stunning career After meeting the late Joe Willie Wilkins, Jimmy moved to West Memphis where he got in touch with Howlin'Wolf, This encounter might have prompted him to settle in Chicago He was accepted by Muddy Waters -to whom this album is dedicated-as a regular member of his band. In the first half of the fifties Jimmy was Muddy's second guitar, creating the typical sound of this group
But being a sideman only was not enough for him. He always knew that he could be a leader and so it was obvious that he started a recording career of his own. He was almost a regular at the Chess-studios, where he held recording sessions with some members of the Muddy Waters band He also set up some bands playing some driving tunes backed by the ferocious piano of Eddie Ware Jimmy had been in contact with many of the great bluesmen of Chicago and they have influenced each other So Jimmy Rogers is a very significant part of the musical scene in Chicago 

Recording information: Recorded in Chicago, Illinois on October 25, 1989.


Tracklist:
01. Chicago Bound (2:46)
02. St Louis (3:43)
03. Do You Swear (3:33)
04. Anna Lee (4:26)
05. Sloppy Drunk (5:00)
06. Lemon Squeezer (3:27)
07. Last Time (2:54)
08. Whoopin' Foolin' With You (4:27)
09. One Room Little Country Shack (5:59)
10. Goin' Away Baby (2:58 )


Personel:
Tracks 1,2,5.6.7 & 10
Jimmy Rogers voc,gtr, Willie Kent bass, John Primer gtr
Billy Branch hatmonica, Timothy Taylor drums Jimmy Rogers Jr gtr
Tracks 3,4,8 & 9
Big Moose Walker pno,vocals,Willie Kent bass, John Primer gtr
Luther Adams gtr, Timothy Taylor drums


