American Experience - History of New York - The Country and the City (1609-1825)

Video Codec..........: DivX 5.x/6.x 
Video Bitrate........: 673kbps 
Duration.............: 1:51:58
Resolution...........: 640*480 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 192 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2
No Subtitles
All DVD Extras Included

 
http://bayimg.com/nAKNBaACE
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1406210/
 
http://www.pbs.org/wnet/newyork/
 
http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/newyork/


Episode 1: The Country and the City (1609-1825)

The first two hours of NEW YORK: A DOCUMENTARY FILM chronicle New York's beginnings -- from its earliest days as a Dutch trading post to the 17th century construction of the Erie Canal, which made New York City a vital conduit to the mainland of a growing America.

Program Description

The series begins by identifying the key themes that shaped New York's history: commerce and capitalism, diversity and democracy, transformation and creativity. The episode charts the development of the city founded by the Dutch as a purely commercial enterprise, first as New Amsterdam, a freewheeling enclave of trade and opportunity; then as the British New York, a colony fueled by slavery which was bestowed as a birthday gift upon the Duke of York by his brother, King Charles; soon after as a strategically pivotal locale in the American Revolution; and ultimately as the city of New York: the nation's first capital and the place 
destined to define urban life in America -- and American ideals.


    On-Screen Commentators
    Thomas Bender, historian
    Carol Berkin, historian
    Rev. Calvin O. Butts III, pastor
    Caleb Carr, writer
    E. L. Doctorow, writer
    Brendan Gill, writer
    Rudolph Giuliani, mayor
    John Steele Gordon, writer
    Nancy Groce, folklorist
    Kenneth T. Jackson, historian
    Margo Jefferson, writer
    Fran Lebowitz, writer
    Phillip Lopate, writer
    David McCullough, historian
    Daniel Patrick Moynihan, senator
    Peter Quinn, writer
    Luc Sante, writer
    Robert A. M. Stern, architect
    Gretchen Sullivan Sorin, historian
    Mike Wallace, historian
    Craig Steven Wilder, historian


    Dramatic Voices (in order of appearance)

    E. L. Doctorow
    Brendan Gill
    Kenneth T. Jackson
    Margo Jefferson
    Robert A.M. Stern
    Fran Lebowitz
    Mayor Rudolph Giuliani
    Daniel Patrick Moynihan
    Mike Wallace
    Craig Steven Wilder
    Caleb Carr
    Peter Quinn
    John Steele Gordon
    Carol Berkin
    Nancy Groce
    Rev. Calvin O. Butts III
    Gretchen Sullivan Sorin
    David McCullough
    Thomas Bender
    Phillip Lopate
    Luc Sante


