Reduce IT Support
Costs & Requests

Faronics Deep Freeze makes computers indestructible and prevents against unwanted workstation changes—regardless of whether they are accidental or malicious. Deep Freeze is proven to reduce helpdesk support incidents and allows IT personnel to focus on more strategic IT needs.

(-) Reduce Support Costs

With its reboot to restore technology, Faronics Deep Freeze offers the strongest protection available and eliminates the need for IT professionals to reconfigure, re-image, or troubleshoot computers, reducing support incidents by up to 63%.

“Trinity Valley Community College has four campuses with nearly 550 lab computers, and every campus runs Faronics Deep Freeze on their lab computers. In fact, any of the computer labs that fall under our care must have Faronics Deep Freeze installed. Our computer technicians love it; it's the only way they can manage the labs in addition to the user computers. Deep Freeze seriously reduces the number of support calls we receive. The lab monitors have learned they can reboot and fix 99% of the issues. We absolutely love Deep Freeze and cannot imagine running our labs without it.”

- Alicia McLain, Sr. Systems Administrator, Trinity Valley Community

(-) Bulletproof PCs

Faronics Deep Freeze makes computers indestructible and prevents against workstation damage. It does this by ensuring each and every desktop, laptop, and server always remain in the same perfect original operating state. Deep Freeze ensuresworkstation recovery on every restart and is the only solution that effectively balances workstation security with user productivity. A bulletproof computer is your best defense against unwanted or unwelcome changes.

“We have been using Deep Freeze on our student computers in our various labs for 3-4 years or so and it is bulletproof!! No cards to add to the system, no special hoops to jump through - just setup the machines the way you want them and then freeze them - that‘s it period. Every restart is a clean, fresh machine and it is impossible to mess them up…”

- Tim Barnett, University of South Florida, School of Architecture

(-) Free up IT Resources

IT personnel don’t need to worry about file congestion, system configuration changes, undesired applications/software, or hard drive degradation because Deep Freeze ensures unwanted personal information is never retained by the computer. Deep Freeze allows IT personnel to focus and work on more strategic IT needs for the organization rather than respond to avoidable help-desk requests. Deep Freeze users manage up to 12% more desktops per employee.

“…since we began using Faronics Deep Freeze 4 years ago we have not had to call anyone. Deep Freeze has saved us from many hours of lost sleep and stress, and allowed us to make the most of the technology and staff we have.”

- Darryl Davis, Network Administrator, Keystone Community Resources, Clarks Summit, PA

Discover how Deep Freeze applies to your environment:

Corporate / Government

Businesses are constantly in search of solutions that help ensure their operations run efficiently and without interruption. Since computers are relied upon for even the most basic of activities, it is imperative that their technology infrastructure is able to withstand attacks from threats such as viruses, malware, and day-zero attacks. Any interruption to business operations results in lost revenue and opportunities.

Office Computers

IT administrators can map employee profiles to an unprotected area or drive so that employees can save their emails, documents, spreadsheets, and projects. Deep Freeze provides employees with total assurance that their computers will never fail them and cause an interruption in their workday. Deep Freeze enables businesses to easily deploy absolute system resiliency to all corporate desktop and laptop computers. Organizations can easily control their enterprise deployments through the Deep Freeze Enterprise Console or through several popular desktop management solutions such as LANDesk Management Suite, Novell ZENworks, or Apple Remote Desktop. By using Deep Freeze, organizations can ensure the computers software is immune from system corruption, slowdown, and malicious intrusions.

Training Facilities

Using Deep Freeze in corporate training centers means that employees can focus on upgrading their knowledge and skills, rather than having to deal with malfunctioning workstations and misconfigured programs. By keeping training center computer configurations consistent with the instructor machine, users can easily learn by example in a standardized learning environment. Every class can count on the computers being ready-to-go in a pristine and fully functional state–without having to rely on IT personnel to reimage or refresh computers after each and every session.

Deep Freeze's ability to prevent stability degradation ensures that training computers are able to provide the same experience over and over again regardless of the user on the desktop–an important prerequisite to successfully teaching a classroom concept.

Mobile Computing

Mobile and telecommuting are on the rise in today's workforce. While this is great for employees who want flexible work arrangements, it's a nightmare for IT personnel who need to service and maintain these off-site computers. Deep Freeze ensures that these computers enjoy rock-solid protection no matter where they are located–great for road warriors who travel far and often who depend on their laptops for all their business productivity and communication. Deep Freeze's absolute protection ensures that any system misconfiguration or threat never causes permanent damage.
