It all sounds like a cliche: on the one side, the poor but honest workers' team who have to count their pennies and shower in the open air, and call their club "Linda" after the nice girl who has become their mascot; on the other, the stinking rich club "International", who can buy the top players, have an indoor pool and rows of massage tables, and hire a "femme fatale" to do their dirty work when money can't buy what they want.

Die elf Teufel / The Eleven Devils was made in Berlin in the summer of 1927, in the last throes of the silent movie era. But Die elf Teufel strikes one today as a prophetic film. One of its early captions is "Football, the sport of the century ". We are shown a ball bathed in light like some sacred relic, and observe how, even in those early days, fans on the terraces wouldn't shy away from using their fists.

Finally, after the odd kickabout and plenty of commercial and erotic intrigue, we come to the showdown, the match that decides which team fields the better men. The film's structure is like a long overture followed by a rip-roaring finale. Even in those days Zoltán Korda knew that, for credibility's sake, he could only show the match in fragments. The credits reveal that the two teams filmed in long shot were made up of the best players from the top German clubs. But as none of them are identifiable on screen, the shots and close-ups of the main characters could be woven seamlessly into the whole. As the game proceeds, the cuts happen more and more quickly until the fictitious match develops a momentum of its own. Korda proves himself here - only three years after Murnau's groundbreaking The Last Laugh - to be a model pupil in the use of the "unchained camera", and anticipates with breathtaking virtuosity today's rapid tracking shots along the touchline. Such camerawork in a silent movie must literally have taken the spectators' breath away. At the end the film offers a hymn to the "unifying idea of sport". But the subtext, the secret doubts and questions that partly undermine that conclusion, are unmistakable.

   General
      Complete name : Die elf Teufel.avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 1.27 GiB
      Duration : 1h 32mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 964 Kbps
      Writing application : FairUse Wizard - http://fairusewizard.com
      Writing library : The best and REALLY easy backup tool
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : AdvancedSimple@L5
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (MPEG)
      Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 1h 32mn
      Bit rate : 1 731 Kbps
      Width : 672 pixels
      Height : 496 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4:3
      Frame rate : 25.000 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.208
      Stream size : 1.12 GiB (88%)
      Writing library : XviD 1.2.1 (UTC 2008-12-04)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : AC-3
      Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
      Codec ID : 2000
      Duration : 1h 32mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 224 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Channel positions : L R
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Stream size : 148 MiB (11%)
      Alignment : Split accross interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0349398/

Silent, with German intertitles; English, French, Spanish and Portuguese subpack (idx/sub)

Zoltan Korda - Die elf Teufel (1927)
