Note:
Complete Album. High Quality.

English Description:

On his debut album Thank You Allah, accomplished Swedish producer and singer Maher Zain effortlessly mixes the sounds of R&B with traditional nasheed, soul with contemporary pop music, not just updating Islamic music, but fearlessly reviving it with contemporary music. Thank You Allah with its 13 tracks is an instant classic of great power and timeless, unassailably intense spirituality.

Fast becoming recognized as one of modern Islamic Music’s seminal voices after his ground-breaking single and animated music video “Palestine Will Be Free,” Maher Zain is clearly poised to take up the torch with his Awakening Records debut, Thank You Allah. Maher – the elegant artist and producer – brings his music to a wider audience not by watering down his message, but by making a record of supreme power, conviction, and glorious beauty, incorporating elements of R&B, traditional nasheed, pop, and Arabic & Turkish music into daring arrangements. The lead song – "Thank You Allah" is a gorgeous ballad of praise. While multi-lingual "Ya Nabi Salam Alayka," is easily one of Islamic Music’s best ever singles. “Always Be There” is a masterfully ebullient song of praise and dedication marrying funky beats with soulful vocals. “For the Rest of My Life” is a touching song from a husband to his wife, expressing in a beautiful and tasteful way his love and dedication to her – a subject seen as taboo by some in Islamic music. “Allahi Allah Kiya Karo” - a duet with Awakening Records stable mate Irfan Makki - gives this classic Qawwali song a modern makeover. “The Chosen One” is a sensitive and soulful tribute to Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him. And “Baraka Allahu Lakuma” is an upbeat joyful wedding song. With its catchy hook and heartfelt lyrics, his track “Insha Allah” is poised to be one of the biggest hits in Islamic music ever. With “Hold My Hand,” the duet with Mesut Kurtis in “Subhana Allah,” “Open Your Eyes,” and “Awaken,” this album is packed from start to finish with hits.

Thank You Allah manages to masterfully strike that fine balance between powerful upbeat songs of praise or encouragement, and sensitive, inspired ballads. It is a bright and shining testament to faith in Allah and praise for his countless blessings. Throughout the album’s thirteen tracks, Maher uses his soft, sincere, and heart-piercing vocal ability, together with his masterful music production prowess to uplift his listeners and to elucidate the pure joy of spiritual and musical flight. He not only crosses but banishes lines of separation between nasheed and modern music. He touches on the doubts and weaknesses we endure in this battle called life, but at the end of it all, with the grace of Allah, we shall overcome this fight!


Original Release Date: October 30, 2009
Label: Awakening Worldwide Ltd.
Copyright: 2009 Awakening Worldwide Ltd.
Total Length: 1:09:33
Language: English | Arabic
Genre: RnB | Soul | Islamic Music
Format: MP3
Bitrate: 192kbps 