The Bottom Line with David Suzuki explores the disconnect between our modern values and our relationship with the Earth.

It is a celebration of our biological makeup that dictates our most basic human needs, the real bottom line. 

Dr. David Suzuki is an award-winning scientist, environmentalist and broadcaster. His television appearances, explaining the complexities of the natural sciences in a compelling, easily understood way, have consistently received high acclaim for more than 30 years. 

His work on THE NATURE OF THINGS has won him three Gemini Awards and an ACTRA Award as Best Host. He was also host of the eight-part Planet For The Taking, also on CBC-TV. His TV series for BBC and PBS, The Secret of Life, was internationally praised, as was his five-part series The Brain, on the U.S. Discovery Channel. He was the original host of CBC Radio's Quirks and Quarks (1974-1979). In 1999 he hosted co-wrote and hosted From Naked Ape to Superspecies - an 8-part series for CBC Radio's Ideas.

Published author and world ecology expert Dr. Suzuki has been elected to the Royal Society of Canada and the Order of Canada, and is the author of over 100 publications in scientific journals, and of 34 books. He originated and co-wrote the text An Introduction to Genetic Analysis (W.H. Freeman & Co.), which is currently in its sixth edition, and is the most widely used genetics text in the world. His best-selling autobiography, Metamorphosis, Stages In A Life, described his childhood, as well as his career in science, broadcasting and parenthood.

As chair of the charitable David Suzuki Foundation, Dr. Suzuki is recognized as a world leader in sustainable ecology. He is the recipient of UNESCO's Kalinga Prize for Science, the United Nations Environment Medal, the Royal Bank Achievement Award and the Global 500. He has received 15 honorary degrees in Canada, the U.S. and Australia. In 2009 he  won the Right Livelihood Award that is considered the alternate Nobel.

Senior Producer Nicola Luksic finds her home at The Current on CBC Radio One. She also co-created and  produced And Sometimes Y - an award-winning CBC Radio show on language that broadcast 2006 to 2008. Her radio documentary work has taken her to the former Yugoslavia (Serbia, Kosovo, Bosnia), Chiapas and Zambia. 

Producer Tina Pittaway is an independent writer and broadcaster who first graced the hallowed hallways of the CBC in 1989 when she landed a job as a script assistant in Halifax. Working primarily in news and current affairs her radio documentaries have received Gabriel, Amnesty International, New York Festivals and Science in Society Awards. When she's not playing with tiny parcels of sound, Tina can often be found playing in the dirt at her much-loved allotment garden near the Leslie Spit, where she grows heritage veggies and curses rabbits.

Pedro Mendes is the sound editor of The Bottom Line. He has been at CBC Radio for 8 years, working on various shows including "GrooveShinny", "GO", "And Sometimes Y" and "Between You and Me". For the last 3 years he has worked for CBC Radio 3, producing the weekly chart show "The R3-30". Last year, he worked with Nicola Luksic on "The Last Call" radio special. He is an avid cigar collector who knows how the tobacco is grown, on which farms and even who rolls some of his collection.

Researcher Holly Dressel is an adjunct professor at the McGill School of the Environment, a writer, researcher and producer for documentary film, television and radio with a focus on the environment, and a well-known author, with three books co-written with David Suzuki, /From Naked Ape to Superspecies, Good News for a Change /and/ More Good News/, as well as two books (one forthcoming) on Canadian health care issues.