Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Cat's in the Cradle" is a 1974 folk rock song by Harry Chapin from the album Verities & Balderdash. The single topped the Billboard Hot 100 in December 1974. As Chapin's only #1 hit song, it became the best known of his work and a staple for folk rock music.

The lyrics to the verses of the song were originally written as a poem by Chapin's wife, Sandy Chapin, who is credited as the song's co-writer. The poem itself was inspired by the awkward relationship between Sandy Chapin's first husband, James Cashmore, and his father, a New York City politician. She was also inspired by a country song she heard on the radio. More than a year later, after the birth of his own son, Harry added the music and the chorus. Label executive David Geffen selected the song as a single, over Chapin's objections.

The song has since been recorded by artists such as Johnny Cash, Ricky Skaggs, Nick Randall, Finn Kalvik, Ugly Kid Joe, and Mandy Patinkin. More recently, rapper DMC released a song and video in 2006, entitled "Just Like Me," which uses guitar samples and the chorus from "Cat's in the Cradle," with the chorus sung by Sarah McLachlan. The video gives credit and thanks to Harry Chapin and the Chapin Family at the end.

The Ugly Kid Joe cover of the song peaked at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #7 on the UK singles chart, but is still often mistaken for a Skid Row cover of the song. The Ugly Kid Joe version has the apostrophe omitted in some (but not all) releases.

The Ugly Kid Joe version contains the erroneous phrase "the man ON the moon" instead of "the man IN the moon," an apparent reference to the 1969 Neil Armstrong lunar landing instead of the imaginary "face" that people see when they gaze at the full moon.

Ugly Kid Joe was an American hard rock band from Isla Vista, California. The band’s name is a pun on the band Pretty Boy Floyd. Ugly Kid Joe's sound touched on a range of styles, including rock, hard rock and heavy metal. In conclusion to the band's overall sound and vision, the members of the band have cited many times, that they were simply a manifestation of their environment and lifestyles—mounting from their geographic location of Southern California.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

