 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/513N3JKNMDL._SS500_.jpg


Title: It Was All a Dream
Artist: Dream
Audio CD (January 23, 2001) 
Original Release Date: January 23, 2001 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Bad Boy
Genre: Pop
Format: flac


Track Listing

01. It Was All A Dream (Intro)
02. He Loves You Not 
03. In My Dreams 
04. This Is Me
05. I Don't Like Anyone 
06. Reality (Interlude)
07. Pain
08. When I Get There
09. What We Gonna Do About Us
10. Jordan (Interlude)
11. Mr. Telephone Man
12. Angel Inside
13. Do You Wanna Dance
14. Miss You
15. Our Prayer(Interlude)
16. How Long
17. He Loves You Not (Remix) 



Allmusic Review:
As Puff Daddy's entry into the teen-pop sweepstakes, Dream can't help but feel a little contrived — that's what they are, after all. Still, there's a weird sense of calculation on the album, from the tinted cover shot of the girls wearing Puff's clothing line to the sketches that pepper the album to the deliberately sexy grooves that anchor the album. These girls are singing material that is in the teen pop formula, yet it's tarted up just a little bit too much — it's closer to the sexiness of All Saints and TLC than the teasing of Britney and Christina. Nevertheless, it is true that Puff can afford first-rate songwriters and producers, and much of the record (particularly the single "He Loves U Not") sounds good, even if it runs on a bit too long, starting to drift toward the end. Also, there's the basic problem that Dream isn't particularly charismatic — their voices are serviceable, and, embedded in this professional production, the record can sound alluring, but they never really wind up establishing identities of their own. Not that they're really supposed to — part of teen pop's appeal is that its knowingly generic, but what separates the good from the great is personality, which is lacking on the otherwise adequate It Was All a Dream. 
 


Allmusic Biography:
The sexy pop group Dream is made up of four talented singers: Diana Ortiz, Holly Blake, Melissa Schuman, and Ashley Poole. The foursome, all from California, came together when a production company in Los Angeles held an audition to form a girl band.

The new group was quickly signed by Puff Daddy to his Bad Boy label. Dream made big waves in the music world in 2000 with the release of "He Loves You Not." The chart-making single kept the radio airwaves hot for weeks and drew lots of attention toward the young singing team. The girls toured through the United States and into Canada with hot groups like *NSYNC. When they had a break from live performance, the quartet went back into the studio to work on their debut album, 2001's It Was All a Dream. Midway through recording a follow-up to the smash It Was All A Dream in spring 2002, Melissa Schuman left Dream to pursue a career in acting. She was replaced by Kasey Sheridan. 
 
