A Labor of Love: Raising our Boxer Dogs by Steven Veach 

Whether you are looking for your very first boxer or your seventh, A LABOR OF LOVE is the one essential tool you need to raise a healthy and happy pet. Lloyd and Peggy Veach have spent over 25 years caring for and learning about their breed. They have raised some of the very best puppies for companion pets, and the love given to them by these majestic creatures reaches out from the pages and can touch the very soul. If you want to find out: -If you are really ready to have a pet -How to choose a healthy puppy -How to train your puppy to listen -How to puppy proof your home -How to build a safe kennel -How to house break your puppy ..then A LABOR OF LOVE is for you! 

You can purchase this and other titles by Steven Veach at his online store http://stores.lulu.com/cabinhermit. Please support Steven's work by downloading, seeding and telling all your friends, family and co-workers about his latest books: 

THE PREPARATION  (In Print April 2010)

It has come time for the Preparation. The beginning of the end is at hand. Seven churches stand at the cusp of the greatest revival known to man in God's last attempt to save humankind from itself. Some will lose their faith. Many will lose everything they have. A few will lose even their very lives. Each must ready his heart for the severity of the task that lay before them in the final battle between good and evil. It is time to prepare for what has yet to come in these last days. They say it is time to pray....

IN THE MEADOW  (In Print August 2010)

Dawn McKensie, who is living a dead end existence in Oregon, meets the man of her dreams and is whisked off to Skagit River, Washington where she falls in love with Paul Tanner.  Unfortunately, her new fairytale life is interrupted as she begins to see ghastly images of young girls wherever she goes.  Dawn discovers the girls all have something terrible in common - they were all murdered by the same man and buried near the river.   Her whole world starts to unravel as she discovers her own life is in jeopardy and has to fight for her life and not end up another body in the meadow.  

Follow Steven as he writes: 
 
http://www.stevenveach.net 

Enjoy! ;-)
