Country......: USA 

Year.........: 2009

Genre........: Action, Crime, Drama, Mystery, Thriller  

Runtime......: 96 min

Video........: MPEG-2,NTSC Colour 

Audio........: English (Dolby AC3, 6 ch)
               English (DTS, 6 ch)

Subtitles....: English,Francais,Bulgarian 



 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0365929/




Whiteout is a 2009 feature film, based on the 1998 comic book of the same name by Greg Rucka and Steve Lieber, and released on September 11, 2009. The film was produced under the banner of Dark Castle Entertainment by Joel Silver, Susan Downey and David Gambino, is directed by Dominic Sena, is distributed by Warner Bros., and stars Kate Beckinsale, Gabriel Macht and Alex O'Loughlin in the lead roles.



Plot:
U.S. Deputy Marshal Carrie Stetko (Kate Beckinsale) has been assigned to a base in Antarctica for two years. During the last three days of her assignment, a body is found encased in ice and Carrie is obliged to take part in the continent’s first-ever murder investigation. With the Antarctic winter drawing close, Carrie must work diligently to complete the investigation before the arrival of an incoming storm. Carrie is unaware that she is involved in a sixty year old murder that the killer would do anything to keep secret. While working on the case, Stetko crosses paths with an UN operative (Gabriel Macht), who has also been assigned to the case as an investigator. As Stetko chases down suspects, she finds evidence of more murders. Stetko is maliciously attacked by the killer and left for dead in the harsh Antarctic storm. Stetko must reveal the killer before he finds her again.


Cast:
Kate Beckinsale..... as Carrie Stetko, a U.S. deputy marshal.
Gabriel Macht....... as Robert Pryce, a U.N. operative. 
Alex O'Loughlin..... as Russell Haden, a brazen pilot, who gets in trouble with the deputy marshal.
Columbus Short...... as Delfy, a novice pilot, who helps the deputy marshal in the investigation.
Tom Skerritt........ as Dr. John Fury 


Production
In November 1999, Columbia Pictures acquired feature film rights to the comic book Whiteout by Greg Rucka and Steve Lieber.[8] An adapted screenplay for the film was written by Jon and Erich Hoeber.[9] The script was written to have a male character star opposite the female lead, since the studio was hesitant on how large of a film audience that the original setup of two female leads would draw.[8] By November 2002, the studio placed the project on turnaround after a lack of production, and the rights were acquired by Universal Studios. The studio cast Reese Witherspoon to star in Whiteout, which would be based on the screenplay written by the Hoebers.[9] By May 2004, a second draft of the script had been written, and a director was still being sought.[10] Ultimately, rights over the film changed ownership, detaching Witherspoon from the project.[11]

In October 2006, Whiteout entered development at Dark Castle Entertainment with production slated to begin in the coming winter for a release date in the first quarter of 2008.[12] Dominic Sena, a fan of the graphic novel since its '98 debut, had sought to acquire the rights to direct a film adaptation, and when rights were acquired by Dark Castle, Sena petitioned to producer Joel Silver, president of the company, for the opportunity to direct Whiteout.[13] In February 2007, with Warner Bros. signed on to distribute Whiteout, Sena was hired to direct the film, based on the adapted screenplay by the Hoebers. In the same month, Beckinsale was cast in the lead role.[4] Production began on March 5, 2007 in Manitoba, with later footage being shot in Montreal.[14] A set was also constructed on the shore of Lake Winnipeg.[15] The film was primarily set in a bright world of ice and sunlight, an unconventional approach to the murder mystery genre. Both real and fake snow were used in production. The author of the graphic novel, Greg Rucka, applauded the film adaptation of his source material. Filming concluded a few weeks before Comic-Con in July 2007.[5]

