"(Invaders is) A band that started with every intention to become the loudest, ugliest, heaviest band to have ever walked the earth, and they strike damn close to the mark." - Kat Kellermeyer, SLUG Magazine

"Gander at the quaint dusty televisions next time you're at Burts Tiki Lounge, and see if the live music is in sync with the video. This coincidental Dark Side of the Rainbow worked so well while enjoying INVDRS play to a 1940's classic Superman cartoon."
- Circus Brown, City Weekly

Recipient of Salt Lake City's City Weekly Magazine's aptly titled "Best Accidental Wizard of Floyd" Award.

What began as an improvisational one-off recording more than five years ago has ultimately resulted in quite possibly the loudest and harshest band to ever emerge from the typically subdued environment of Salt Lake City--INVADERS...or INVDRS to the more astute listener..

Vocalist Phillip White (God's Iron Tooth, Dirty Girls) and bassist seanrok (Clear, Iodina, Hammergun) had been friends for years, so when drummer Gavin Hoffman's improvisational doom project Her Blacklist invited both to join them for their final live performance and recording back in 2003, not only did they jump at the chance, but they unknowingly laid the groundwork for Invaders.

In mid-2006, Hoffman and guitarist Dave Moss (Art of Kanly) were working on a doom project called Spur who only played a handful of shows before their bassist left the band. Having played with seanrok not only for the one-off Her Blacklist recording but also in Salt Lake legends Iodina, Hoffman immediately agreed with Moss' suggestion to add him as a replacement. As fate would have it, not only did seanrok join, but White had recently uprooted himself from Long Beach, California and moved to Salt Lake City, and was immediately recruited as the band's vocalist. In early 2010, seanrok made the choice to step down from his position as the band's bassist, and Julie Stutznegger stepped in to fill the void, with masterful results. Although seanrok is not currently an active member of the band, he will always be part of the heart and soul of INVDRS, even as the band continues to expand their family. Regardless, the result has been a band that has wrought destruction on the eyes and ears of Salt Lake City since 2007. As for their dirty, punk-edged doom sound, the band cites influences such as Iron Monkey, Black Flag, Eyehategod, GREENMACHiNE, Boris, Motorhead, andCorrupted.

INVDRS has shared the stage with such diverse acts as Deathwish recording artists LEWD ACTS, 20 Buck Spin artists SAMOTHRACE, At A Loss doomsters DARK CASTLE, No Options stoners Tarrakian, Black Market Activities artists and fellow Utahns GAZA and Southern Lord face-melters EAGLE TWIN, and Relapse Records’ own DYSRHYTHMIA, as well as several shows with local up-and-comers such as SUBROSA, NINE WORLDS, OLD TIMER, and Small Stone space rockers IOTA.

INVDRS’ debut full length CD, ELECTRIC CHURCH, was recorded, mixed, and mastered by local magician Andy Patterson, who has engineered releases for GAZA, RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE, IOTA, and countless others, and features stunning artwork from Salt Lake City’s own Sri Whipple, fresh from his artwork and layout for Southern Lord recording artists EAGLE TWIN, and Damon Smith, who also did the gorgeously blasphemous layout for the release. The CD is being release on Oregon-based CORRUPTION RECORDINGS, who have recently secured an exclusive worldwide distribution deal with RELAPSE RECORDS, and contains 8 tracks of face-smashing sludge punk, and will no doubt breathe fresh life into the semi-stagnant punk, crust, and doom metal genres.

Current line-up:
Phillip White - Vocals
Dave Moss - Guitar
Julie Stutznegger - Bass
Gavin Hoffman - Drums

Genre = Sludge / Doom Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps
File Size = 117.93 MB

Track Listing
1. Worship 
2. Great Beast 666 
3. Black Altar 
4. Church Burner 
5. Death Dealer 
6. Hammers of Hell 
7. Destroy 
8. Drvg Kvlt