
Benn Jordan - Pale Blue Dot: A tribute to Carl Sagan

Benn Lee Jordan (born October 28, 1978) is an American electronica musician operating under many pseudonyms. Since 1999 his most widely distributed and eclectic music has been released under the name of The Flashbulb. Other names Benn operates under are Acidwolf, CHR15TPUNCH3R, DJ ASCII, Dr. Lefty, Dysrhythmia, Flexe, Human Action Network, Lucid32, rapemachine, rnd16, 66x, and Q-Bit.

Pale Blue Dot: A Tribute to Carl Sagan is the first studio album released by Benn Jordan using his own name, instead of the various pseudonyms he generally releases his music under (predominantly The Flashbulb). Jordan shifts away from his typical Drill n Bass style with an original and flowing ambient album paying tribute to the late scientist Carl Sagan. The album title is a homage to the famous Pale Blue Dot photograph of Earth taken by Voyager 1 from over 4 billion miles away.

-------------

Review by Headphone Commute: "I guess the reason that I keep listening to Benn Jordan is the fact that he simply makes beautiful music. Period. In fact, I catch myself restraining from listening to Benn Jordan too much. His short, full of witty ideas tracks, produced under The Flashbulb moniker, have already conquered all of my last.fm charts. And the debut album under his real name is quickly gaining ground. Pale Blue Dot is Jordan’s entry into building ambient soundscapes, released on his very own Chicago based label, Alphabasic.

Composed as a tribute to Carl Sagan, Jordan explores the insignificance of our daily conflicts in comparison to our chance habitat on a tiny planet in the midst of an infinite space. From 6.4 billion kilometers away, Earth is nothing but a tiny pale blue dot. In his book, Sagan invites us to contemplate this miracle.

“Look again at that dot. That’s here. That’s home. That’s us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every ’superstar’, every ’supreme leader’, every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there – on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.“

The tracks on Pale Blue Dot are titled around an interplanetary voyage. From Ascent, to Infinity Alone, Floating Vacuum, A Distant Earthrise, and finally Safe Landing, the pieces flow fluidly from one to another, capturing a story told without time. And Pale Blue Dot is more than a thematic album. It is an ambient journey through hypnotic sound, quietly drifting you away into space. The transformations are flawless, and many at times I seamlessly reach that sacred place of presence, by the middle of the album.

If you are expecting Jordan’s playful breaks and acid lines, turn away now. But if you are a patient, pondering listener, then you’ll be repeating the album over and over, as I get to do now, for its fourth time this morning. A rewarding experience for a discerning ear. Recommended if you enjoy music from Evan Bartholomew, Biosphere, Christopher Bissonnette, Hammock, Eluvium, Manual and The World on Higher Downs."


Track listing

01. "Looking Upwards" – 4:10
02. "Ascent" – 3:15
03. "Leaving Earth" – 2:49
04. "Discovery" – 3:07
05. "Infinity Alone" – 4:04
06. "Passing Time" – 3:11
07. "Becoming" – 3:25
08. "Floating Vacuum" – 3:56
09. "Cold, Agoraphobic" – 2:13
10. "Outside" – 3:20
11. "Hypoxia" – 2:30
12. "These Solemn Stars" – 4:34
13. "Looking Into the Past" – 4:10
14. "Floating Vacuum II" – 3:28
15. "Peace with Darkness" – 4:00
16. "A Distant Earthrise" – 4:27
17. "Safe Landing" – 2:51
18. "Sunrise in Blue Skies" – 3:35

-------------

A note from Benn Jordan to Bittorrent/P2P users:

As of September 10, 2008, the album has also been released in MP3 and FLAC formats on several private trackers which includes the same message addressed to downloaders that was attached to the torrent file for Soundtrack to a Vacant Life.

Hello listener...downloader...pirate...pseudo-criminal...If you can read this, then you've more than likely downloaded this album from a peer to peer network or torrent. You probably expect the rest of this message to tell you that you're hurting musicians and breaking just about every copyright law in the book. Well, it won't tell you that.

What I would like to tell you is that my record label understands that a large portion of people pirate music because it is easier than buying it. CDs scratch easily, most pay-per-download sites have poor quality and shitty DRM protection, and vinyl is near impossible to find or ship without hassle. In many cases I wonder why people buy CDs at all anymore. A few like the tangible artwork, some haven't adapted to MP3s yet, but most do it because they have a profound love for music and want to support the artists making it. Kind of restores your faith in humanity for a moment eh?

So, now what? Like the album? About to go "support the artist" on iTunes? Well, don't. Alphabasic is currently in a legal battle against Apple because NONE of our material (Sublight Records included) receives a dime of royalty from the vast amount of sales iTunes has generated using our material.

Want to buy a CD just to show your support? If you don't particularly like CDs, don't bother. Retailers like Best Buy and Amazon spike the price so high that their cut is often 8 times higher than the artist's. Besides, most CDs are made out of unrecyclable plastic and leave a nasty footprint in your environment.

If you do particularly like CDs, buy them from the label (in our case, alphabasic.com). After manufacturing costs are recuperated, our artists usually receive over 90% of the actual money coming out of your wallet. In addition, all of our physical products are made out of 100% recycled material.

Want to show your support? Go here and browse our library of lossless, DRM-free downloads. Already have that? Then feel free to donate whatever you want to your favorite artist. 100% will go directly to them. Hell, you can even donate a penny just to thank the artist.

If you really like the album and want to show your support without it going to greedy retailers, distributors, and coked-up label reps, then click the button below. http://www.alphabasic.com/index2.htm
If you send us your mailing address, Alphabasic may occasionally send you various goodies (overstocks, stickers, even rare CDs) in appreciation and encouragement for your support. Thanks for reading. Who knows if my little business plan here will work to fund new releases, but even failure is better than the crappy label/distributor/retailer system musicians have suffered from for over 50 years. We hope you enjoy the music as much as we do releasing it. Finally, if you plan on sharing this release, please include this file. The only reason it is here is to show the listener where he can support his favorite artists!

Benn Jordan
CEO - Alphabasic Records

-------
Source: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Flashbulb 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pale_Blue_Dot_(album)

-----
Brought to you by Dodecahedron. Enjoy and seed! :)