. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                                             
                                                                        
                                                  
                                    
                                             
                              
                          
                         
                    
                         
                      
                       
                   
                                                             
                            
         Get a new car for you spouse         
           - it'll be a great trade!           
                                               
                          
                                                             
                                             
                                                   
                                                         
                                                       
                                                 
                The diGERATi Present                  
                                                                            
               Effective_Meetings_v1.7.5.6-DIGERATI         
                                                                   
                                                                   
                           Release Info                            
                                                                       
                                                                       
      Cracker ......: DIGERATI       Release-Type..: Regged            
      Packager......: DIGPACKER      Release-Date..: 3/3/2010          
       Supplier......: DIGERATI       Protection....: Time Limit        
       Coder.........: DIGERATI       OS............: WinALL            
      Company.......: Simple Business Tools Files.........: xx/01             
                                                                       
      URL: http://www.simplebusinesstools.com/sbt/em.asp              
                                                                   
                                                           
                                               
                                             
              Release Notes              
                                                         
                                                     
                                                                 
                                                                       
                                                                         
        Ever find yourself in meetings that have no purpose? Ever        
        find yourself in meetings where there's no agenda, no            
        record of what's being discussed and nobody seems to be          
        accountable? Ever stopped to consider how much these             
        meetings are costing you?                                        
                                                                         
        Our Effective Meetings software is a simple tool for             
        making your meetings more productive...                          
                                                                         
        # Aids in the preparation, organisation and follow-up of         
        meetings                                                         
        # Captures and circulates all points to come out of the          
        meeting                                                          
        # Ensures everyone in a meeting has a clear agenda and a         
        record to refer back to afterwards                               
        # Reduces time wasting, ensuring productive meetings and a       
        positive impact on your business                                 
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                       
                                                             
                   Install  Notes                    
                                                 
                                             
                                                                 
                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                     
      1. Unpack and install the software                             
      2. Use the following information in ser.txt to reg             
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                       
                                                                         
                                         
                                       
                                                            
                     Mission Statement:                         
      A few years ago, DiGERATi emerged onto the scene.            
      Focusing on quality rather than quantity, our                
      members have successfully tackled some of the toughest       
      challenges in the scene.  Working as a closely unified      
         team we have maintained some of the highest standards          
       for security, quality, innovation, and comradery in the        
       scene today. DiGERATi is not one or two hardworking            
         persons; it is a force of hardworking people. Respect          
        is not to be demanded; it is to be earned!  We look           
     forward to working even harder in the future to continue     
   & to earn the respect of our peers. For anyone other than   
    our peers, WE DO NOT EXIST!                               
                                                          
                                                       
                                                         
                                     
                          
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                         
                   Our Respect goes out to:                          
                                                                          
        BliZZARD BRD CORE CRD DELIGHT DVT DDU EAT F4CG EMBRACE         
             HAZE HERETIC LZ0 SHOCK SSG TBE UNDERPL ZWT            
                                                                   
     Greets to all who work hard help make the scene secure!     
                                                                  
    A special thanks to those who supported us in the past and   
    helped to make us what we are today.Also,a major thanks to    
    those that broke the trail for us but can no longer be        
       here amongst us.                                                 
                                                                       
        Who are the "digerati" and why are they "the cyber elite"?      
         They are the doers and thinkers. They are not on the           
              frontier, they are the frontier!!...                      
                                                                   
                                                                
                                                               
                                                             
                                                       
                                                         
                                    
                          
                                                                     
 Yce