Andre Coelho Matos (born September 14 of 1972) is the former vocalist, pianist and composer for the Heavy Metal bands Angra and Shaaman. Since October 2006 Andre Matos is dedicated to his solo band.

Biography
Matos grew up in his hometown of Sao Paulo, Brazil. Matos began his musical education at the age of ten, when he received his first piano from his parents. As a teen, he would gather with his friends to listen to their favorite bands. Soon they began learning to play the music too, and Matos formed his first band, Viper. The band first performed on 8 April 1985, when he was just thirteen years old. That same year, they recorded their first demo tape, "The Killera Sword".

Within a short while, Viper had become a phenomenon in the Brazilian heavy metal scene. Though Matos continued on vocals, he had no pretention of remaining a vocalist, a role he assumed only because he had the "least poor vocals of all of them", and because he physically resembled Iron Maiden's vocalist, Bruce Dickinson. His instruments of choice were always the piano and keyboards. Matos left Viper when the band began to change its musical style. He had become interested in classical music, and felt that his musical vision had begun to diverge from that of the other band members, who wanted to focus on heavier, more "crude" music.

After leaving Viper, Andre went back to school and finished his education in music, specializing in orchestral conducting and composition.

In 1991 Angra was formed, and with the first album, "Angels Cry", released in 1993, the band became famous in Japan and Europe. Later "Holy Land" and "Fireworks" were released. Angra's style evolved from a Helloween-inspired melodic speed metal to an unique blend of heavy-metal, classical music and traditional Brazilian influences which brought them worldwide critical appraise.

Andre took part in a worldwide contest for replacing Bruce Dickinson in Iron Maiden and was in the Top 3 finalists alongside James LaBrie and eventual winner, Blaze Bayley. (No...it wasn't his replacement Edu Falaschi that almost won the Maiden job) 