 http://hostfile.org/b000aqkv1w01ss500sclzzzzzzz.jpg (Cover)

What if you wished everyone - and everything - would just go away?

Full Synopsis:
Two roommates fed up with the outside world find that it's easier to avoid responsibility than they thought when a wish to make it all go away comes true in this mysterious tale from Cube director Vincenzo Natali. David (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are best friends with a grudge against the outside world. From bill collectors to obnoxious neighbors to a landlord who seems to have it out for the pair, it seems that lately the weight of the entire world is resting on their shoulders. Everyone wishes that their problems would simply just go away, but when that wish actually comes true and the world around them simply begins to disappear, Andrew and David must get to the bottom of the mystery before they too fade into oblivion. ~ Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide

A very good movie (in my opinion, obviously not that of Blockbuster users or IMDB raters). Good for several laughs and some very good visual effects. Definitely one for my "get it" list.

Encoded with DVD Rebuilder Free 0.98.1, with CCE (Cinema Craft Encoder) at VBR 7-pass. The DVD video files had an error on the next to last chapter causing AVISynth to lock up, but I extracted the video to uncompressed AVI with VFAPI and DVD2AVI, then fed it into CCE/DVD-RB manually to finish processing it. It should be seamless and unnoticable.

Average bitrate appears to be 5mbps, according to "Bitrate Viewer 1.5.054". Anyone know a better program with more readable results and more complete scans?

Features: Commentary by Director Vincenzo Natali, Producer Steven Haban, Visual Effects Producer Bob Munroe, Director of Photography Derek Rogers and Editor Michele Conroy
Featurette: The Making of Nothing
Video: Widescreen 2.35:1 Color (Anamorphic)
Audio: ENGLISH Dolby Digital 5.1 (Untouched), Dolby Digital Stereo (Untouched)
Subtitles: English, Spanish

Stripped: FBI Warning  ;D 

Enjoy!