Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps



Note: This video is a "Movies & Music" video so it has 2 logos.


"Theme from Shaft", written and recorded by Isaac Hayes in 1971, is the soul- and funk-styled theme song to the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film Shaft. The theme was released as a single (shortened and edited from the longer album version) two months after the movie's soundtrack by Stax Records' Enterprise label. "Theme from Shaft" went to number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States in November 1971. The song was also well-received by adult audiences, reaching number six on Billboard's Easy Listening (later Adult Contemporary) chart.

The following year, "Theme from Shaft" won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, with Hayes becoming the first African American to win that honor (or any Academy Award in a non-acting category). Since then, the song has appeared in numerous television shows, commercials, and other movies, including the 2000 remake of Shaft, for which Hayes re-recorded the song without making any changes to it. "Theme from Shaft" is sometimes considered more iconic than the movie for which it was written.

The song was not intended to be a single, but the success of the film and the popularity of the track in nightclubs led to a 45 record of the theme being released on Enterprise Records two months after the soundtrack. Within two months, it hit #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed there a second week. The song had an enormous influence on the disco and soul music of the decade.

In 1972, Hayes performed "Theme from Shaft" as part of the Academy Awards ceremony in his trademark chainmail vest, but accepted the award later that night wearing a tuxedo. Hayes dedicated his historic win to his grandmother, Rushia Wade, who joined him onstage to accept the award. In addition, Hayes, Rev. Jesse Jackson, and the Stax staff dedicated Hayes' win to the black community at an Operation PUSH rally following the Academy Awards.

Later that year, Hayes performed "Theme from Shaft" live at the Wattstax concert in Los Angeles  Film footage of this performance was recorded for Mel Stuart's documentary film of the concert, but was cut before the film's release due to legal complications with MGM, who would not allow Hayes to perform his Shaft songs in any other film until 1976. A 2003 remastered version of the Wattstax film reinstates Hayes' performance of "Theme from Shaft".

When John Singleton directed an updated version of Shaft, starring Samuel L. Jackson, in 2000, Hayes rerecorded the theme for the new film.
Cover for the 2000 version of "Theme from Shaft", rerecorded by Isaac Hayes for the John Singleton Shaft film released the same year.

(the rerecorded version was based on the 1978 disco 12" mix titled Shaft II).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

