Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Mono" is the debut single released by Courtney Love, as a solo artist. Released the week after its parent album, America's Sweetheart, the single was overshadowed by issues Love was undergoing in her personal life - namely her drug addiction and legal problems - and was a subsequent critical and commercial failure. A promotional music video for the song was also created.

Directed by Chris Milk, the promotional music video for "Mono" received some airplay on channels such as Fuse, VH1, Kerrang! and MTV2, however, did not reach the level of popularity achieved by her previous releases with Hole. The music video featured a "sleeping beauty" theme.

"Mono" was one of the first songs recorded during the sessions for America's Sweetheart, and was written by Love, Linda Perry, former Hole  bandmate, Patty Schemel and her brother, Larry Schemel. The song was recorded at Studio Miraval, a chateau in the south of France, in 2003.

The alternate version of "Mono" - featured on the maxi single release - contains a sample of dialogue from the 1963 movie Cleopatra as spoken by actors Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton.

America's Sweetheart is the debut solo album by Courtney Love, released in 2004. Her first release since Hole's break-up, the album - which was delayed for three years - was preceded by much negative publicity over Love's legal problems and drug issues at the time.

Courtney Michelle Love (born Courtney Michelle Harrison; July 9, 1964) is an American rock  musician and actress. Love is primarily known as lead singer, guitarist and lyricist for alternative rock band Hole, as well as for her publicity-ridden marriage to the late Nirvana front man Kurt Cobain, until his death in 1994.

After a tumultuous upbringing, Love had made her debut into the entertainment industry with a supporting role in Alex Cox's 1986 biopic Sid and Nancy, and later transitioned into music, forming the band Hole in 1989. Hole released three studio albums throughout the 1990s, including the acclaimed Live Through This (1994) and the Grammy-nominatedSkin (1998). Love continued her position as lead singer for Hole in various incarnations until 2002, when the group disbanded. After releasing a critically-unsuccessful solo album in 2004, Love re-formed Hole with new members in 2009. Love's lyrics, both with Hole and in her solo work, have often dealt with feminist themes.

She has also occasionally taken film roles throughout her career, including parts in Basquiat (1996), Man on the Moon (1999), as well as a major role in The People vs. Larry Flynt (1996), which garnered her a Golden Globe nomination for her portrayal of Althea Flynt.

Additionally, Love has attracted significant media attention over the years for her wild behavior and candid treatment of her grapples with drug addiction. Rolling Stone called Love "the most controversial woman in the history of rock."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/