Xenosaga Episode 2 for the Ps2                                   Rel. 02/15/2005


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         MDS/I00,I01
Genre.:        RPG
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with WinRar, both game discs were tested and work. 
Try 7zip its free google it, if don't have WinRar.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


Release Notes - Ripped from the Original 2-Disc DVD5 Ps2 Game, burn tested on a
                chipped Ps2 working perfectly.

Important: Don't worry about the image being I00 & I01 just open the MDS file 
           (Either Disc 1 or 2) with DVD Decrypter and burn, That's it. 
           It will burn the image the same as it would an MDS/ISO.

                

You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

Note - for This release if you wanna try fmcb you'd have to first burn the game or mount and create image file with DVD Decrypter to MDS/ISO format then patch the ISO with ESR Disc Patcher to boot the game with esr thru fmcb method. Why because you can't patch it if it's I00,I001 you need to first re-rip it to an ISO. This is only if your using fmcb no need to do this if ps2 is modded or if use you swap magic.


After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Game Description:

Xenosaga 2 is a direct sequel to the first episode of the Xenosaga series.

The story takes place hundreds of years in the future, when mankind has long left the Earth, which is now called Lost Jerusalem, and founded a star empire. The main threat humanity has to face is the appearance of a super-powerful alien race called the Gnosis. The story picks up just after the concluding events of the first episode. Shion Uzuki, the young engineer who designed the powerful android Kosmos, arrives with her friends at the planet Second Miltia, to learn more about the heritage of the late genius scientist Joachim Mizrahi, and to stop the schemes of the mysterious villains Albedo and Margulis. Jin Uzuki, Shion's brother, who was only mentioned in the first game, becomes an important character in the second episode. We also learn more about the origin of the boy Chaos, and about the race of Realians, semi-artificial humans created by Mizrahi.

The gameplay in general and the battle system in particular are quite similar to that of the first game. All enemies are visible on screen, and field objects can be destroyed in order to attract the attention of the enemy or to create a zone that will weaken it. The turn-based combat features again triangle and square attacks, which now inflict different damage on enemies of different height. Another addition is the ability to wait two or three turns in a battle, accumulating energy for a stronger attack. The AGWS (giant robots) battles are still present, but you can't switch to AGWS at any point, like it was possible in the first game. 

The second episode continues to be heavy on story development, and also has a significant amount of non-interactive cut scenes. Character graphics underwent the biggest change. The characters look now more realistic, less "deformed" and animé-like.


Features:

* An extensive experience system features over 100 different skills to customize 
  characters to the player’s preference.

* A new and improved complex battle system utilizes team combination attacks, a 
  refined boost system, double team attacks and a zone attack/break system. The 
  turn-based battle engine requires even more strategy and provides a deeper 
  challenge.

* Shion, KOS-MOS and other favorite EPISODE I characters return with more mature,
  refined character designs and all new mechs.

* Hours of dazzling cinematics are complemented by high quality English voice 
  acting. Complex philosophical themes add depth to an already sophisticated, 
  dramatic storyline that could stand on its own as an intricately woven  
  masterpiece.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).


Enjoy!