E.M. Total Video Converter is a piece of extremely powerful and full-featured converter software that supports almost all video and audio  formats. The software is designed to convert video for your mobile video player as 3gp, mp4, PSP, PS3, iPod, iPhone etc and also VCD or DVD player, XBOX360.

New Total Video Converter 3.71 let you experience Unparalleled High-Definition movie. It is the best and unique software today with incomparable support for converting and burning video to AVCHD disc which can work on PS3 and Blu-ray player. Meanwhile, it supports for converting and burning video to HD formats like H.264 TS, Mpeg-2 TS, WMV-HD, MKV-HD, DivX-HD, Divx-HD, MOV-HD, FLV-HD and MP4-HD.


E.M. Total Video Converter V3.71 New Features (update version):

   1. Integrate into Windows Explorer with context menu.
   2. Add a brand new Skin.
   3. Fully support Windows 7.

 

E.M. Total Video Converter V3.70 New Features:

1 Add a simple video editor which supports cutting and merging videos which are accurate to frame.
2 Flash video download supports Windows 7.
3 Flash video download supports MP4 download.
4 Add a new engine supporting Mts, M2TS, avi, rm video format.
5 Support 16k samples per second Nelly Moser audio.

Main Features of Total Video Converter:

    *  Convert all kinds of videos to mobile videos or audios (mp4, 3gp, xvid, divx mpeg4 avi, amr audio) which are used by cell-phone, PDA, PSP, iPod, iPhone, Xbox360, PS3 etc.;
    * Photos slide show combines multi-photos and musics with more than 300 photos fantasy transition effect;
    *  High compatibility and high efficiency for Importing RMVB or RM video/audio;
    *  Convert various videos to MPEG videos compatible with standard DVD/SVCD/VCD;
    *  Burn the converted videos to DVD/SVCD/VCD;
    *  Rip DVD to popular videos of all sorts;
    *  Extract audio from various of videos and convert which to all kinds of audios (mp3, ac3, ogg, wav, aac);
    *  RIP CD to audios of all sorts directly;
    *  Support using with command line;
    * Combine several video and audio files to one video file;
    * Demultiplex or extract video and audio;
    * Multiplex video and audio to one file;

Enjoy and SEED!!
