Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Please" is a song by American R&B singer Toni Braxton. It was written by Scott Storch, Makeba Riddick, Vincent Herbert, and Kameron Houff and produced by Storch for Braxton's fifth studio album, Libra (2005).

The track was released as the album's lead single to U.S. rhythmic and urban AC radio formats on May 30, 2005. While "Please" reached number thirty-six on the U.S. Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, it failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 but instead, reached number four on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, making it one of Braxton's lowest-charting singles of her career. "Please" was the only single from Libra for which a music video was shot, directed by Chris Robinson.

Libra is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer–songwriter Toni Braxton, released in the United States on September 27, 2005 by Blackground Records. The album's title is a reference to Braxton's astrological sign, Libra.

The album debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 and number two on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, selling 114,000 copies in its first week. Only three singles were released from the album, and due to lack of promotion from Blackground Records, Braxton's then-record label, all of them failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, subsequently causing Braxton to terminate her contract with Blackground. Nonetheless, as a result of the European success of "The Time of Our Lives"—Braxton's collaboration with the group Il Divo, which served as the official 2006 FIFA World Cup theme song—, German label Edel Records re-released the album in continental Europe in late June 2006 including "The Time of Our Lives" as well as a brand-new cover art. Previously, the regular European edition of the album had included three bonus tracks: "Suddenly", "I Hate You", and "Long Way Home".

Libra gained gold status by the Recording Industry Association of America on November 4, 2005, having shipped 500,000 copies within the U.S.

The album cover was included on Maxim's list of Sexiest Album Covers.

Toni Michelle Braxton (born October 7, 1966) is an American R&B singer-songwriter. Braxton has won six Grammy Awards in her career and has sold 48 million records worldwide. She has a contralto vocal range.

Braxton topped the Billboard 200 with her 1993 self-titled debut album and continued that streak with her second studio album Secrets, which spawned the number-one smash hits "You're Makin' Me High" and "Un-Break My Heart". Although she had successful albums and singles, Braxton shortly filed for bankruptcy, but then returned with her chart-topping third album, The Heat. Her most recent albums were More Than a Woman, her last release under the Arista label, and Libra, her first and only release on Blackground. In 2009, she returned to the spotlight with "Yesterday", a #12 R&B hit which serves as the first single off her new album Pulse, released on May 4, 2010. Braxton was involved in the 7th season of the reality show Dancing with the Stars. Her professional partner was Alec Mazo. She was voted off in week five of the competition.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/