Friday, February 5, 2010

More flakes are headed to Washington! No, the Republicans didn’t win any more Senate seats… There’s a giant snowstorm smacking into large regions of the East Coast.  If you’re checking the media for severe weather warnings, don’t tune into Fox News. They’ll be busy blaming it on Obama. As soon as the first snowflake falls, the people at Fox News will be counting the minutes to see how long it takes President Obama to respond. I’m sure that conservative nutjobs are going to be saying that Obama wants the snowstorm to win! Anyway, this one is going to be big. Some places around Washington could see up to two feet of snow—and that’s in a town that’s already knee deep in BS. Everything is going to be white—the entire town is going to look like the Republican Congressional caucus. The media is calling the storm “Snowmageddon” and the “Snowpocalypse.” Really? Do we have to extend Fox News style fear mongering to precipitation? Given the problems this country is facing, a simple snowstorm is almost a refreshing thing. I wish we could make the deficit go away just by throwing some rock salt on it. The recession—now that’s a problem. There’s no telling when it’s going to end, especially if Republicans have their way. You know this snow is going to be long gone by April at the latest. And at least Washington can see a snowstorm approaching. I wish we could have said the same thing about the economic crisis. Poor John McCain didn’t see that until it was already happening. Gee, I hope nobody lets him wander outside this weekend.


Speaking of snow jobs, the rightwing panic attack over budget deficits is the real *#$%-storm of the winter, as Paul Krugman points out.  Conservatives are fear-mongering about the budget deficit in exactly the same way they were trying to scare us about Saddam Hussein’s supposed weapons of mass destruction. And just like the war with Iraq, they want us to attack the wrong enemy. The deficit isn’t the problem… right now. Going after the deficit during a major recession is like trying to save on your water bill while your house is on fire. Government spending is the right thing to do to end a recession. Everybody knows that—especially the Republicans who are arguing against it. That’s because they don’t want the recession to end… until Obama is out of the White House.


OK, if you’re in the path of the storm, stay warm. If we can get some sane domestic policies enacted, the snow will melt before our economy does.