File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Cherry Pie is the second music album by American Glam metal band Warrant. The record—which spawned the hits "Cherry Pie", "Uncle Tom's Cabin", and "I Saw Red"—is the band's best-known and highest-selling release.

The albums themes include sex ("Cherry Pie", "Sure Feels Good to Me", "Love in Stereo"), love and devotion ("Mr. Rainmaker", "Blind Faith"), and betrayal ("I Saw Red", "Train, Train"). The song "Train, Train" is a cover version of a song originally performed by the band Blackfoot on their 1979 album Strikes.

Cherry Pie was released on September 11, 1990 through CBS Records. Like its predecessor, Dirty Rotten Filthy Stinking Rich, it was recorded at The Enterprise in Burbank, California.

It is widely rumored that Erik Turner and Joey Allen had not played a note on the album and that all guitar work had been performed by ex-Streets guitarist and session musician Mike Slamer. The rumor has never been verified, although Slamer's wife confirmed in 1998 that her husband played guitar on the record. The album's liner notes refer to Turner's function as "G-string" and Allen's as "Bong Riffs", adding that "Erik & Joey would like to thank Mike Slamer & Tommy Girvin for their Wielding G string Inspirations".

Slamer was joined by numerous other guest performers; the record also features contributions from Jani Lane's brother Erik Oswald, guitarist C. C. DeVille from Poison, guitarist and bassist Bruno Ravel and drummer Steve West from Danger Danger, and singer Fiona.

The album carried a parental advisory sticker in the United States, due to the final track entitled "Ode to Tipper Gore", which consisted of a collection of swear words cut from the band's live performances. A "clean" version of the album also existed, with the final track removed, and an audible "bleep" of a curse in a previous song.

Canadian cable-TV music network, MuchMusic, refused to air the "Cherry Pie" video on the grounds that it was "offensively sexist"

Warrant is an American  glam metal band from Hollywood, California that experienced success in the late 1980s and early 1990s with two multi-platinum albums. The band first came into the national spotlight with their debut album Dirty Rotten Filthy Stinking Rich, and one of its singles, "Heaven," reached #2 on the Billboard Hot 100.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

