Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Say You'll Haunt Me" is the first single from alternative metal band, Stone Sour's third album Audio Secrecy which is scheduled for release on September 7, 2010 via Roadrunner Records. The song was released to the public on July 6, 2010. It is the band's first single in 3 years. The song has received radio airplay on several major rock and metal stations nationally. The digital single was released through Amazon & iTunes on July 20, 2010.

The band has shot a music video, directed by Paul R. Brown. The video premiered on July 27, 2010.

The video begins with a car pulling into a creepy ally way with Corey Taylor being pulled out by his bandmates. He is then lead upstairs to be strapped into a chair and danced on by a women who seems to have a agression towards him. As this is happening, ghostly images of the band peform in front of each member, the video also features these images solo inside an abandoned warehouse including Taylor. Taylor is then blindfolded and then a wierd screen is brought out. The blindfold is then taken off, revealing it is the woman from before. At the end of the solo and the final "every thing to" someone presses the button and Corey is then seen singing on the screen. The lady panics from this sight and the rest of the band has smiles on their faces. At the end of the video the band leaves the lady tied. Right before it fades to black, the screen says "What did you see?" This was part of a contest that the band held to see the concept of the video, which had a code which read "I am you" which explains the fact Corey was replaced with the women.

The video uses the album version, not the short radio edit.

Frontman Corey Taylor  told The Pulse of Radio, that it took him a while to warm up to “Say You’ll Haunt Me” during the making of the record. “It was one of those songs, that I didn’t really feel until it was finished,” he said. “I enjoyed the lyrics, but I wasn’t sure about the music. I’d come in and I’d sang it, and I put my heart into it, because the lyrics are about my wife and how I feel about my wife, and then I left. And I came back and they [the rest of the band] had just made it incredible. Now I can’t get it out of my head.”

Audio Secrecy is the upcoming third studio album by American alternative metal band Stone Sour. It was recorded and produced by the band and Nick Raskulinecz at Blackbird Studios in Nashville, Tennessee. On June 10, the band released a free download of "Mission Statement", which was later released as a single on iTunes. The first official single, "Say You'll Haunt Me", however, was released on July 6, 2010. The band's website has officially announced a release date of September 7 of this year. The album will be released on different dates throughout the world, with the Germany release being September 3 and UK being September 6.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/