Dave Brubeck - Anything Goes  - The Music of Cole Porter
Original Release Date: December 8, 1965 
Audio CD: February 28, 2006 
Format: Import 
Label: Columbia 
Quality: 320 kbps

This is one of Dave's better albums and after being available only on LP for so many years, was released on CD in 2006 ( along with Brubeck's "My Favorite Things", another great album ) in limited distribution.  Sony, who has been among the most aggressive labels in re-issuing older LP albums on CD has done jazz lovers a great service by making this treasure available as an import from Japan.  

In this particular case, they have re-issued the old Columbia Records red "six eye" label LP by the same name but now re-mastered in stereo on CD.  Since it has been available only on LP for so long ( and even then apparently not widely distributed ), it seems to be one of his less well-known albums and I found it difficult to locate opinions of it.  

Also, since there are no online "sound samples" available for this album ( at least as of this writing ), it is somewhat more difficult for those who haven't heard the album before to know what it sounds like and make a purchase decision.  I hope this review can be of some assistance to those in that category.  

"Anything Goes" is one of several of Dave's albums containing music specific to particular composers, in this case the music of Cole Porter.  I once read a comment that Dave resisted the release of this album on CD for many years because he had been disappointed in the LP version ( and hadn't thought the quartet sounded as good on it as it had on other albums ).  

I don't know if that's true but if it is, he needn't have worried.  I haven't heard the LP version but the selection of music on the CD album is terrific, a collection of classic works by a legendary American composer of popular music.  The Brubeck quartet sounds as good ( and plays as well ) as ever and Sony's stereo re-mastering on this album is superb, as is usual for them.  It ranks with the best I have yet heard on any jazz album.  

It's an album well worth having if you like good jazz.  If you are a Brubeck fan and also like Cole Porter's music, this album is definitely a "must have" for your collection.  ~ S.  Kelly

Dave Brubeck - Anything Goes Tracks:
01  Anything Goes
02  Love For Sale
03  Night And Day
04  What Is This Thing Called Love
05  I Get A Kick Out Of You
06  Just One Of Those Things
07  You’re The Top
08  All Through The Night