The Crying Game - (Forest Whitaker- Miranda Richardson)(1992)[DvdRipDivX-English]



Starring

Forest Whitaker
Miranda Richardson
Stephen Rea
Adrian Dunbar
Breffni McKenna
Joe Savino
Birdy Sweeney
Jaye Davidson
Andrée Bernard
Jim Broadbent
Ralph Brown
Tony Slattery
Jack Carr
Josephine White
Shar Campbell

General
Complete name : Tcg
Format : DivX
Format/Info : Hack of AVI
File size : 1.48 GiB
Duration : 1h 47mn
Overall bit rate : 1 974 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP : No
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Codec ID : DX50
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5
Duration : 1h 47mn
Bit rate : 1 770 Kbps
Width : 720 pixels
Height : 394 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16/9
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.250
Stream size : 1.33 GiB (90%)
Title : Video
Writing library : DivX 2851

Audio
ID : 1
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Format profile : Dolby Digital
Codec ID : 2000
Duration : 1h 47mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 192 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Stream size : 148 MiB (10%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
Title : Audio

Text : English. on/off
Format : DivX Subtitle
Codec ID : DXSB
Codec ID/Info : Subtitle in AVI from DivX networks
Width : 640 pixels
Height : 480 pixels
Resolution : 4 bits
Stream size : 1.60 MiB (0%)
Title : Subtitle



IMDB Rating =


7.3/10

Plot

An unlikely kind of friendship develops between Fergus, an Irish Republican Army volunteer, and Jody, a kidnapped British soldier lured into an IRA trap by Jude, another IRA member. When the hostage-taking ends up going horribly wrong, Fergus escapes and heads to London, where he seeks out Jody's lover, a hairdresser named Dil. Fergus adopts the name "Jimmy" and gets a job as a day laborer. He also starts seeing Dil, who knows nothing about Fergus' IRA background. But there are some things about Dil that Fergus doesn't know, either


Review From IMDB

Here is a really deep & touching movie. Dil sings (& moves her hands about like a classical Indian dancer rather distractingly) "I know all about the crying game" we know that she knows. It drips out of her voice, it rolls down her cheek, it stares out of her eyes. She knows she has lost her best chance in life - the only man to love her was killed in Ireland. Yet when she meets Stephen Rea the man who, unknown to her, was responsible for her lover's (Forest Whitaker) death in Ireland, hope again rises in her. She will hold on to Rea for her life for in him she sees a 'gentleman' very like Whitaker. But Rea is not the only one with a secret. Dil has one too & that gives the movie the tension, irony & ultimately the tragedy which sets it apart from any IRA/ star-crossed lovers/ hostage drama that I have seen. When Dil tells Rea that she knows he is lying but all the same she likes to hear him say that he loves her it moves everyone in the audience.

The performances (Adrian Dunbar as the ruthless leader, Miranda Richardson as the cold, teasing assassin & Jim Broadbent as the bartender, not to mention Rea, Dil & Whitaker) are brilliant, the atmosphere is electric & the score is haunting. The only points that rankle are Whitaker's dream-sequence appearances looking like a model in a detergent ad & Dil's suddenly-acquired shooting skills which brings the movie to its horrific climax.