1998 Deserter's Songs [Bonus CD], [Limited Edition]    CD  V2 VVR1006112 

1 Holes   5:55 
2 Tonite It Shows   3:40 
3 Endlessly   4:25 
4 I Collect Coins   1:27 
5 Opus 40   5:10 
6 Hudson Line   2:54 
7 The Happy End (The Drunk Room)   2:06 
8 Goddess on a Hiway   3:45 
9 The Funny Bird   5:51 
10 Pick Up If You're There   3:05 
11 Delta Sun Bottleneck Stomp   6:17 
 Bonus Disc    
1 Holes (Live)   7:04 
2 Isolation (Live)   4:09 
3 Opus 40 (Live)   3:41 
4 Philadelphia (Live)   3:04 
5 Endlessly (Live)   3:58 

In 1998, Mercury Rev ditched the psychadelic indie-rock and took up this. Featuring experimental pop songs with passion and sadness, Deserter's Songs is the best Mercury Rev record out there. Opening with the magnificent, epic `Holes' which is beautiful and dreamy, all blissful strings and fragile vocals. Equally good is the uplifting dream world of Opus 40, an intoxicating perfect pop song with beautiful melodies and a big chorus. Some of these songs really are beyond words, impossible to describe in mere words, just a mood that only a song could create.
For another standout, seek out `Goddess on A Hiway': a downbeat verse with a simple yet effective tune and rhythmic piano and bass, suddenly rushing into a heartbreaking, epic, huge chorus of `And I know it ain't gonna last', all horns and strings and guitars creating a magnificent, larger than life sound.

These are perfect pop songs: not like horrible pop, but wonderfully experimental and beautiful: uplifting one moment and swimming with sadness the next, sometimes both at once. The horns, flutes and strings provide fantastic accompaniment to Jonathan's distinctive, high pitched, beautifully delicate voice. This could never be the falsetto of Thom Yorke, Chris Martin, or any similar British indie movers and shakers, but is quite clearly his own. Mercury Rev are American, but have more of a fanbase in Britain than in their native country. 

In fact, though, this CD is full of old American influences, dug out from the bands' vinyl collections, long forgotten by all others but beautifully restored to life by this band. For proof, check out `The Hudson Line', the only song with lead vocals by guitarist Grasshopper, a driving, rhythmic bluesy track with an intoxicating, jazzy rhythm section and wild saxophone and guitar solos. Or `Tonite It Shows', a dreamy ballad that could have been lifted from any decade in American music between the 40s and the 90s. 

Another dreamy track is `Endlessly', with its acoustic guitar arpeggios, choral singing, harp and horns. This sounds like it could have been taken from an old movie soundtrack and is touching. The Funny Bird also opens with the mood of movie music, but the vocals which enter have an effect on them which makes them sound experimental and lend a new mood. The track morphs round and round and is possibly the most ambitious song on the album, featuring huge strings accompaniments, yet also guitars, cymbal crashes and walking bass. This is fantastic stuff.

Stranger still is closer `Delta Sun Bottleneck Stomp', beginning with harpsichord, then adding horns and a thudding bass and drum rhythm that could have been taken from a dance track, and country-style acoustic guitar. There is a bit of piano showmanship, and `stomp' describes the track very accurately.

The other three tracks are instrumentals: `I Collect Coins', `The Happy End (The Drunk Room)' and `Pick Up If You're There'. The first two of these both sound like old recordings: `I Collect Coins' being a piano and horn piece that deliberately crackles like an old record and could easily have come out of the 30s or 40s, and `The Happy End' being an unnerving, slightly sinister, somewhat discordant piece, which again sounds very old and is difficult to listen to. `Pick Up If You're There' sounds like modern soundtrack music to a film in a quiet but creepy bit, all sinister keyboard chords and quiet organ, joined by strings about halfway through.

One thing Mercury Rev are brilliant at is creating moods. Even in the instrumentals which lack Jonathan's fantastic lyrics, moods are conveyed and feelings and styles penetrate right into the listener's brain, even if they are difficult to put into words. Mercury Rev can paints soundscapes with their music, a true gift, and here is a CD full of fantastic, beautiful tracks whose feeling shines through. Wonderful. 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed

