Accelerate your workflow

Discover ACDSee Pro Photo Manager 2.5, the workflow platform that's custom designed for professional photographers. View, manage, edit and publish photos with the ultimate in precision and control.

ACDSee Pro 2.5 comes with all the state-of-the-art tools demanded by professional photographers. Acquire images, leverage metadata, apply non-destructive and pixel-level image editing, and manage your backups seamlessly. You’ll enjoy perfected shots, organized files and a workflow that's optimized for your needs.

Organize up front

NEW! With the new Import Photos feature, organize your photos as you acquire them from your camera or other storage device. Save time by setting categories, keywords, EXIF, IPTC and more as you import new images. Simultaneously rename, auto-rotate, delete, set the destination and create backup copies.

Quickly view and sort your collection

View, sort, cull and compare your photos in a fully customizable interface with unrivalled speed and ease. Select any thumbnail to see a larger preview, or double-click to fill the screen. Sift through thousands of shots and identify the ones you want to keep using one-click Visual Tagging. Compare up to four images at once in greater detail to select your best shot.

Browse your existing collection instantly. Unlike other photo applications, with ACDSee Pro 2.5 you don’t need to import files that are already on your system and connected devices. 

Manage your digital assets

Catalog and retrieve your photos with flexible tools custom built for professional photographers. Organize your photo collection with complete control – access and adjust existing IPTC and EXIF information.

NEW! Embed your own custom metadata, including categories, keywords and ratings directly into your images' XMP fields. You can even embed data in file formats that don’t include IPTC or EXIF fields, including PNG, PDF and GIF.

Retrieve photos with spot-on precision. Browse your live folder tree, leverage your EXIF, IPTC and custom metadata, view images by date or event.

NEW! Save frequently used and complex searches. Find that one photo out of thousands using the fast and powerful Quick Search bar. Filter, group and sort results for an even more customized experience.

NEW! Experience improved portability of images with ACDSee Pro 2.5’s UNICODE environment. View images with file names or metadata that include characters which are not part of your local system’s language settings.

"I've used other products over the years but none of them satisfied my needs for organizing my photos. In ACDSee Pro I've found the perfect product for me. No other application gives me all this freedom in every aspect of my workflow."

- Johan Labuschagne, Wildlife Photographer
Develop your images to the highest standard

Perfect your images with state-of-the-art non-destructive RAW processing and advanced pixel-level editing. Take control of every aspect - from white balance to sharpness. And with background RAW processing, you can continue your workflow while ACDSee Pro completes your adjustments.

NEW! Edit with the peace of mind of knowing your originals are never altered or lost.

See the complete list of supported RAW formats.

Fine-tune dark and light areas independently using sliders, or with a single click on the photo - the patent-pending Shadows/Highlights tool actively analyzes your photo to automatically apply optimal settings. Instantly fix common photo defects such as blemishes, flares, lens scratches and other imperfections with the Photo Repair tool. Save time by globally adjusting hundreds of photos at once with the batch processor.

NEW! Use selection tools to apply adjustments including blur, saturation and color to defined areas of your photos. Add a finishing touch to your photo with a custom border, drop shadow or edge effect.

Develop your images to the highest standard

Perfect your images with state-of-the-art non-destructive RAW processing and advanced pixel-level editing. Take control of every aspect - from white balance to sharpness. And with background RAW processing, you can continue your workflow while ACDSee Pro completes your adjustments.

NEW! Edit with the peace of mind of knowing your originals are never altered or lost. 


RAW formats.

Fine-tune dark and light areas independently using sliders, or with a single click on the photo - the patent-pending Shadows/Highlights tool actively analyzes your photo to automatically apply optimal settings. Instantly fix common photo defects such as blemishes, flares, lens scratches and other imperfections with the Photo Repair tool. Save time by globally adjusting hundreds of photos at once with the batch processor.

NEW! Use selection tools to apply adjustments including blur, saturation and color to defined areas of your photos. Add a finishing touch to your photo with a custom border, drop shadow or edge effect.
Present, protect and archive your work

Easily create contact sheets and high-quality prints with optimized print templates. Share selected shots with your clients through e-mail, online galleries and beautifully presented slide show.

NEW! Auto Slide shows and screensavers are now enhanced with pan and zoom, black and white, and sepia options, plus support for music files.

Add watermarks to all your photographs in one step to reflect your copyright.

Archive your collection to .zip folders, CD or DVD, and automatically synchronize multiple folders with your external hard drives.



System Requirements
Hardware

    * Intel® Pentium® III / AMD Athlon processor or equivalent (Intel Pentium® 4 / AMD Athlon XP or equivalent recommended)
    * 512 MB RAM (1 GB RAM recommended)
    * 100 MB free hard drive space (1 GB recommended)
    * High Color display adapter at 1024 x 768 resolution (1280 x 1024 recommended)
    * CD/DVD Burner - for creating CDs and DVDs

Software

    * Microsoft® Windows® XP with Service Pack 2 or Windows Vista™ operating system.
    * Microsoft® Internet Explorer® 5.0.0 (6.0.0 recommended)
    * TiVo® Desktop Software - to publish images to your TiVo
    * Microsoft® DirectX® 9.0c - for Microsoft DirectX file format support, and to create slide shows and screen savers
    * QuickTime™ 6.0 - for QuickTime file format support
    * Ghostscript® 8.0 - for PDF support
    * Windows Media™ Player 9.0 or later