Full DVD9. Region Free, PAL.

Audio:

AC3 - 5.1 English
AC3 - 5.1 Italian
AC3 - 5.1 Spanish
AC3 - 2.0 English - 2 commentaries

Video:

16:9 Anamorphic 1.85:1

Subtitles:

English, Italian*, Spanish*, Dutch*, Czech, Danish, Finnish, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Icelandic, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Swedish

*Subtitles for the commentaries & other special features available in these languages

Running time: 2:10.41

Special Features:

*Audio Commentaries:

-Emma Thompson & Producer Lindsay Doran's Audio Commentary
-Director Ang Lee & Co-producer James Schamus' Audio Commentary

*Emma Thompson's Golden Globe Speech

*Trailers

-Sense and Sensibility
-Little Women
-The Remains of the Day

*Deleted Scenes

-True Love's Kiss
-Mrs. Dashwood Converts Elinor

***** SENSE AND SENSIBILITY (1995) *****

Directed by Ang Lee
Written by Jane Austen (novel), Emma Thompson (screenplay)

Cast
(Cast overview, first billed only)
	James Fleet	... 	John Dashwood
	Tom Wilkinson	... 	Mr. Dashwood
	Harriet Walter	... 	Fanny Ferrars Dashwood
	Kate Winslet	... 	Marianne Dashwood
	Emma Thompson... 	Elinor Dashwood
	Gemma Jones	... 	Mrs. Dashwood
	Hugh Grant	... 	Edward Ferrars
	Emilie François	... 	Margaret Dashwood
	Elizabeth Spriggs... 	Mrs. Jennings
	Robert Hardy	... 	Sir John Middleton
	Ian Brimble	... 	Thomas
	Isabelle Amyes	... 	Betsy
	Alan Rickman	... 	Col. Christopher Brandon
	Greg Wise	... 	John Willoughby
	Alexander John	... 	Curate

Plot Summary:

Deftly setting the stage in late 18th-century rural England, pic briskly delineates the suddenly reduced circumstances of widow Dashwood (Gemma Jones) and her three lovely daughters after the death of her husband. By law, the vast estate in which they live must pass to the deceased's son by a previous marriage , who moves in with his snobbish wife, Fanny, and leaves the female brood to make do on a measly 500 pounds per year.

Eldest daughter Elinor (Emma Thompson) is the sensible one, a bright, if emotionally stunted, woman widely regarded as an incipient spinster. Middle daughter Marianne (Kate Winslet), in her late teens, is quite the opposite, a reckless romantic who can't abide her sister's restrained propriety. Little sister Margaret (Emile Francois) is an 11-year-old tomboy who spends most of her time in her treehouse avoiding the adults.

They are finally provided with a suitable, if cramped, cottage by a cousin, but not before they meet Fanny's shyly charming brother, Edward (Hugh Grant), who establishes a strong rapport with Elinor. But just as it appears that he may propose, Edward is dispatched by Fanny to London, leaving Elinor utterly in the dark about their future.

Setting up in their new abode, the women are reliant for their social lives on the boisterous, conspiratorial Sir John Middleton (Robert Hardy) and his mother-in-law, Mrs. Jennings (the irrepressible Elizabeth Spriggs). The wealthy, brooding, middle-aged Col. Brandon (Alan Rickman) comes to call, but Marianne finds her romantic dreams come to life in the person of the dashing John Willoughby (Greg Wise), who, in highest melodramatic style, appears on horseback to rescue the injured girl in the heath and literally sweeps her off her feet.