The show that makes all other broadcasts seem incredibly mature is back ! From the craziness of speed in the hottest super-cars in the world, lived in company of the enigmatic Stig to testing one of the presenters for electric shock, "TopGear" is the show that car manufacturers love to hate. From discovering that well-known stars are lefty-foot breakers, like genuine car-racers, to spectacular TV appearances of some VIP's we forgot long time ago, everything is fast, funny and fabulous. Everything has an unique "TopGear" style - from testing the Porsche Carrera GT and SLR McLaren to the edge of blowing up their tires thru the game of darts where cars have taken the place of arrows. Because nobody does it better than us !


The fastest and best cars tested to the limit: From the fabulous Ford GT, to stylish Maserati Quatroporte and extreme Porsche GT3, "TopGear" fries tires and reputations.

Lotus Exige vs. Apache: They wanted to pursue Jeremy on a track with something very powerful. So they used an attack helicopter - Apache. But they forgot to load it with missiles. Fools !!

Accidents: Everything they do, they do it for you. And so, the three presenters of "TopGear" deliberately drive into a wall at 50 km/h. Did anyone announced the insurance company aswell?

747 Blow-out: Have you ever wondered what would happen if you go for a ride on a runway where is just getting ready to take off a Boeing 747? "TopGear" did it with a Citroën 2CV. Do you want to know who took off in the end?


File Info:

Format: AVI
Format/Info: Audio Video Interleave
File size: 233 MiB
Duration: 33mn 8s
Overall bit rate: 983 Kbps

Video
---------
Format: MPEG-4 Visual
Format profile: AdvancedSimple@L5
Codec ID/Hint: XviD
Bit rate: 861 Kbps
Width: 464 pixels
Height: 352 pixels
Display aspect ratio: 4:3 (but looks great on 16:9 or 16:10)
Frame rate: 25.000 fps

Audio
---------
Format: MPEG Audio
Format profile: Layer 3
Codec ID/Hint: MP3
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate: 110 Kbps
Nominal bit rate: 128 Kbps
Channel(s): 2 channels
Sampling rate: 48.0 KHz


*includes Romanian subtitles!!