
   Throttle 6.8.9.2010 - Internet Booster - REGISTERED !!!



Increase the speed of your internet connection with Throttle 6. 
The best internet acceleration software available on the market,
Throttle boosts download and upload speeds and squeezes out every 
last bit of performance your Cable, DSL, Dial-Up, Satellite, and 
Mobile Phone modem is capable of. Very easy to use and fully compatible 
with the latest versions of Microsoft ® Windows and compatible with all 
internet connection types. Download music, movies, files and play 
multiplayer internet games faster with Throttle.


Throttle can increase your internet connection dramatically and allows you to surf 
websites and download files much faster. If you are on a Dial-Up connection you may 
suffer from constant dropped connections, with Throttle this problem can quickly be fixed. 
Not only does Throttle work with Dial-Up connections but it also works with Cable and DSL 
connections and can reduce the time it takes to download large music, movies and games 
from your favorite websites. 
Increase the speed of your internet connection and improve the stability of your 
connection by avoiding disconnects and bandwidth congestion.


Throttle works by making permanent modifications to the Windows system registry 
and system files, these changes affect how your modem interacts with your 
internet service provider, download faster, play faster and surf the web faster 
by using Throttle. All settings made by Throttle can be fully reversed, 
allowing you to fully test the software and make sure it works properly 
with your computer and modem. The settings made by Throttle work even 
after you reboot your computer, so you do not have to worry about running 
Throttle each time you reboot Windows.


Don't pay extra money per month to your internet service provider to get a faster 
internet connection, download Throttle and increase your internet speed yourself. 
Why suffer with a slow internet connection and constant disconnects when there is 
a solution available to improve your internet experience today.


Latest Update: 6.8.9.2010 - Resigned all files and installer with new Authenticode 
Code Signing 3 year certificate from Comodo. Fixes expiration of previous certificate 
from Thawte. Also changed the compression level of installer to minimize memory usage 
during install and uninstall.