SUPERNOVA starring Rob Brydon. All six episodes of season one included in this torrent as individual AVI files. Please help keep this torrent alive by ensuring you seed this please Thank you.

I hope all enjoy this amusing comedy


Episodes

1 - The Black Hole
2 - God Are You Out There
3 - When You Wish Upon A Star
4 - Venus Rising
5 - Unity
6 - Where Men Are Men


Aspect Ratio - 720x576
Audio Bit rate - 128kbps
Sample Rate - 44100
Video Bit rate - 768kbps
Codec - XVID
Frame rate - 25


This is season 1 I haven't got season 2 as it has yet to be released on DVD which is a shame as it is a very amusing series. Rob Brydon plays a mostly hapless character whose good intentions are frequently misinterpreted leading to funny consequences.

CLASSIC BRITISH HUMOUR



synopsis

A Rob Brydon sitcom centred around an unworldly British astronomer and his experiences when he is sent to work at an Australian observatory. The astronomer, Dr. Paul Hamilton is forced to adapt to the local customs and climate and his new eccentric colleagues.


EPISODE GUIDE SEASON 1

1. The Black Hole

First Broadcast: Tue 11th October 2005

Under-achieving, under-confident scientist Paul Hamilton is swept suddenly from his unexciting life and boring girlfriend in London to a thrilling astronomical frontier at the Royal Australian Observatory in the Australian Outback.
Can he find the Black Hole and impress his fellow scientists? Can he win the affection of beautiful scientist Rachel, even though she is engaged to astronaut Chad? A world of impossible adventure opens up before him.


2. God, Are You Out There?

First Broadcast: Tue 18th October 2005

The age-old clash between religion and science. Paul thinks he sees God in the gullet of a wormhole and becomes determined to publish his beliefs.
But as Rachel, the cool, cynical and terminally atheist, reminds him, there is no place in science for religion and God did not create the world.

But then Pip and Rachel also see the face in the wormhole, and reluctantly agree that Paul may be right and should publish his paper.


3. When You Wish Upon A Star

First Broadcast: Tue 25th October 2005

Paul is overwhelmed by the support and love of his colleagues when they throw a surprise birthday party for him, and for the first time ever feels like a real man.
And then he gets a call from girlfriend Ruth with her exciting surprise - she is in Australia and on her way to the Observatory. How can he get rid of her and live his own life?


4. Venus Rising

First Broadcast: Tue 1st November 2005

When Venus, the planet of love, rises, hormones and temperatures in the Observatory rise with it, and Paul's lack of sex life becomes a real focus.
He realizes that the best way to shut up his well-meaning colleagues is to pretend he is having a raging affair with a biker chick he met at the pub. A simple lie that can't hurt anyone.
To Paul's surprise, it seems to bring him unexpected bonuses. Pip gives him more 
responsibility at the Observatory, and Rachel seems genuinely attracted to him for the first time ever. So the lie gets bigger and bigger.


5. Unity

First Broadcast: Tue 8th November 2005

Paul discovers a new planet which he names Unity as a symbol of the togetherness he feels exists with his weird and gifted fellow scientists.
A film crew, led by the sleazy Alistair Foster, arrives to interview Paul and capture the discovery of the new planet, but Paul learns that science is no different from real life, and that beauty sells - as Rachel is seduced into the spotlight.


6. Where Men Are Men

First Broadcast: Tue 15th November 2005

Paul solves the mystery of how the Universe will end, and is depressed. And then he is challenged to a duel by the local thug. It is Paul's high noon.
Paul looks for answers in the desert, and it is Bill who teaches him what it means to be a real man.
