Man-Thing is a swamp monster from Marvel Comics. Created by writers Stan Lee, Roy Thomas, and Gerry Conway and artist Gray Morrow, the character first appeared in Savage Tales #1 (May 1971), and went on to be featured in various titles and in his own series, including Adventure into Fear, which also introduced the character Howard the Duck.  Steve Gerber's 39-issue run on the first Man-Thing series is a cult classic that was influential on such writers as Neil Gaiman and Nancy A. Collins, both of whom would later write for Swamp Thing.

Man-Thing is a large, slow-moving, empathic, vaguely humanoid creature living in the Florida Everglades near the Seminole reservation.  He is guardian of the Nexus of All Realities located there.  Man-Thing was originally Ted Sallis, a a biochemist working in the Everglades to develop a "miracle drug" later defined as an attempt at recreating the "super-soldier serum" that created Captain America. Betrayed by his lover, Ellen Brandt, Sallis flees from agents from Advanced Idea Mechanics (A.I.M), who covet his formula and  injects himself with the serum.  After crashing in a swamp and apparently drowning he is transformed into the Man-Thing through a combination of his formula and, as later explained, magical forces extant in the area. 

Man-Thing was conceived in discussions between Marvel Comics editor Stan Lee and writer Roy Thomas, and that together they created five possible origins. Lee provided the name, which had previously been used for unrelated creatures in Marvel's early science-fiction/fantasy anthology Tales of Suspense #7 (Jan. 1960) and #81, as well as the concept of the man losing sentience.

Thomas worked out a detailed plot and gave it to Gerry Conway to script. Thomas and Conway are credited as writers, with Gray Morrow as artist. A second story, written by Len Wein and drawn by Neal Adams, was prepared at that time, but, upon Savage Tales' cancellation after that single issue, "took a year or two to see print", according to Thomas. That occurred in Astonishing Tales #12 (June 1972), in which the seven-page story was integrated in its entirety within the 21-page feature "Ka-Zar", starring Marvel's jungle-lord hero. 

The Wein-written Man-Thing story appeared in-between Wein's first and second version of his DC Comics character Swamp Thing. Wein was Conway's roommate at the time, and as Thomas recalled in 2008,

"Gerry and I thought that, unconsciously, the origin in Swamp Thing #1 was a bit too similar to the origin of Man-Thing a year-and-a-half earlier. There was vague talk at the time around Marvel of legal action, but it was never really pursued. I don't know if any letters even changed hands between Marvel and DC. [...] We weren't happy with the situation over the Swamp Thing #1 origin, but we figured it was an accident. Gerry was rooming with Len at the time and tried to talk him into changing the Swamp Thing's origin. Len didn't see the similarities, so he went ahead with what he was going to do. The two characters verged off after that origin, so it didn't make much difference, anyway.


Released on http://ComicPirates.info