Filipino (Tagalog) Learning Tips
In Filipino, most letters of the alphabet have only one corresponding sound, making learning to read easy.
Vowel sounds are not combined in Filipino words. When two vowels appear together, each is pronounced as a separate syllable. For example, babae (woman) is pronounced as ba-ba-e.
Filipino uses affixes, which are letters that attach to root words. Affixes determine the word’s meaning. For example: 
will eat	kakain
is eating	kumakain
ate	kumain
Learning prepositions is easy in Filipino since the language has only two prepositions, nasa and sa.
Contractions are commonly used in Filipino. For example:
pula na libro (red book) becomes pulang libro
bata na lalaki (young male) becomes batang lalaki
Filipino speakers employ polite speech when conversing with strangers or elders. Use of the word po or plural pronouns in speech are common ways to show respect.
When asking a question that can be answered with ‘yes’ or ‘no,’ speakers use the question marker ba. Rosetta Stone will teach you how to use this important word in asking questions.
In addition to learning the Filipino words for numbers, you will learn the Spanish words for the numbers one through twelve, which are used in telling time.

This level will help you:

Learn intermediate-level conversational skills
Spell and write accurately
Speak without a script
Retain what you’ve learned
Read and understand in your new language
Sample topics include:

Destinations, directions, locations, telling time
Past and future tenses
Letter writing and polite requests
Celebrations, meal courses
Emotions

Requirements for Rosetta Stone User Workstations

Windows 2000 or later
Mac OS 10.4 or later
512 MB RAM
1 GHz or faster processor speed
600 MB free hard-drive space (per level)
16-bit sound card
800 x 600 display resolution (1024 x 768 recommended)
Internet or phone connection required for product activation
Speech recognition feature requires a USB headset microphone (included with purchase)
16X CD-ROM Drive (for installation)
Note for Microsoft® Windows Vista™ users:

Current Rosetta Stone products have been engineered to install and run on the Windows Vista operating system. Some 3rd party components used in Rosetta Stone products have not been certified by Microsoft as ‘Vista Compliant’. Accordingly, you may encounter some Vista-related operating issues. Rosetta Stone technical support may or may not be able to resolve these Vista-related issues. Rosetta Stone hereby disclaims any representations, warranties, guaranties and conditions with respect to the compatibility of the Rosetta Stone products with the Windows Vista operating systems.