             Acronis.True.Image.Home.2011.v14.0.0.5105.Full.REGISTERED



Designed to scale to the needs of novices and advanced users alike, Acronis® True Image Home 2011 meets home PC protection needs with an easy-to-use, yet comprehensive, backup and disaster recovery solution. Get the most reliable backup and disaster recovery product you can buy to protect PC operating systems, applications, settings and personal files.

Full Windows 7 Integration
Discover how well Acronis True Image Home 2011 and Windows® 7 work together to best protect your PC. Enhancements include Acronis integration within the Backup and Restore section of the Windows 7 Control Panel; the ability to view and restore previous file or volume versions from the Context menu; backup and restore of Windows libraries; and the ability to launch Acronis® True Image Home 2011 backups.

Graphical User Interface
A redesign of our user-friendly interface includes new features like Drag and Drop for faster navigation, Wizards and One-Click configuration tools to select the best backup and restore options for your needs.

Acronis®
Nonstop Backup™ 
This must have feature has been expanded to support Acronis Secure Zone®, enabling you to recover on the fly, wherever you are, to any point in time, from a secure partition on your hard drive, even if your operating system has failed. (Note: requires working hard disk drive).
Time Explorer
You'll find this only with Acronis: an easy way to view and manage your backup files from a single screen. Annotate backup comments and review screenshots that show the state of the desktop at the moment of the backup.

USB 3.0 support
Acronis True Image Home supports the new USB 3.0 standard. If your motherboard can work with USB 3.0 hard disk drives, you can use the high data transfer speed offered by the new standard to make your backups run much faster. 

Predefined
backup schemes
Acronis True Image Home offers you predefined backup schemes designed for specific user needs - from a disk space-efficient scheme suitable for users with limited backup storage capabilities to a scheme for those users who need higher security for their data and system. The program offers different backup schemes for disk and file type backups. You just select a scheme and the program automatically manages your backups. In addition, you can create a custom backup scheme which will exactly suit your needs.

Disk Imaging
Backup the entire system on the fly with our patented disk imaging technology. It ensures the recovery of your operating system and applications without reinstalling any software.

Incremental and differential backups
Acronis® True Image Home 2011 gives you alternatives to performing full backups every time by offering incremental and differential backups. Both capture changes only and save disk space with Acronis® data compression.

File Backup
Back up individual files, folders or file categories.

Acronis® Startup Recovery Manager
Boot and restore a system after a failure. Start the recovery process simply by selecting the F11 key, even if your operating system has failed.

Acronis Secure Zone®
Secure partition that allows you to store a disk backup on your system drive. Recover on the fly, wherever you are, even if your operating system has failed.

Image Encryption with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
Protect your backup data by encrypting with industry standard security tools: 128, 192 and 256-bit encryption.

Privacy tools
Thorough system cleaning and reliable data destruction of files, partitions, or volumes.

Exclude files and folders
Back up only the data you want in order to save disk space.

Windows-style Interface
The new, sleek interface of this product works on the Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 operating systems.

Boot from Windows 7 image
Windows 7 Ultimate users can boot from a backup image (.tib file) containing a backup of their system partition. This will allow the ability to test a backed up system without actual restoration. If the operating system boots from the .tib file, then it will boot when the need arises for a system recovery.
Clone Disk 
Copy your entire Hard Drive and replace it with a new one without reinstalling operating systems and applications, saving hours of effort.

One-Click Protection 
Create a backup strategy of the system and implement it with just one click.

Try&Decide®
Safe environment for risk-free testing of new software or visiting websites with potentially dangerous content.

Acronis Nonstop Backup
Automatically creates incremental backups allowing users to roll back their system, files and folders to any point in time. 

Set&Forget™
Configure just once and Acronis software performs the backups automatically from that point on.

Smart Scheduling
Run backups automatically at preset or elapsed time, when the user is idle, on user logon/logout, on system startup/shutdown, or in coordination with other events.

Reserve Backup Copy
Store multiple copies of the backup in another pre-defined location in a pre-selected format.

Live Backups
Keep working right through your backup for maximum convenience

Virtual Hard Disk Support
Convert Acronis' backup images (.tib) into virtual hard disk files(.vhd) and vice versa, providing compatibility for Microsoft Windows 7 backup.

Acronis Online Backup capability
Optional Acronis online storage services are available to automatically backup valuable data or files over the internet to a secure location.
