Date:
 05-23-10
 
Host:
 George Knapp
 
Guests:
 Joseph P. Farrell 
 


Expert in alternative science and history, Joseph P. Farrell presented his premise that ancient and modern international bankers have practiced a kind of racketeering (hence his nickname for them 'Banksters') that relates to concepts in physics. Both physics and finance can be thought of in two different ways. One is a closed system, based on scarce resources, energy or money. The other is an open system, in which energy is in abundant supply, "and where money in turn reflects this by being a creation of the state, and therefore a debt-free instrument of exchange," he detailed. 

The former is the system we've been living under, "where you have a private banking monopoly issuing monetized debt...the money always carries an interest bearing load on it, so there's always going to be money that's in short supply of the demands of the economic system that it's in," he said. Any bank including the Federal Reserve can never issue interest, they can only lend money into circulation, so that there's never enough money to pay the interest on the principle, he continued. A state, however, can issue debt-free money yet past US Presidents such as Lincoln, Garfield, and Kennedy all ended up assassinated after they tried to change the banking system, Farrell pointed out. 

The Federal Reserve is not a government enterprise-- it's a privately held joint-stock company that's "no more federal than Federal Express," Farrell quipped. However, now, the corporate elite bankers are on the defensive-- "they've made too many enemies around the world," with countries like Russia and China, he noted. Politicians such as Ron Paul are on the right track, calling for an audit of the Federal Reserve, he commented. New energy technologies like zero point are being suppressed by both governments and the corporate elite, as "they are wanting to monopolize this technology for themselves," as well as keep it out of the hands of terrorists who might hold the world hostage, he added. 


Website(s):
•gizadeathstar.com
Book(s):
•Babylon's Banksters
•Roswell and the Reich: The Nazi Connection
•The Philosopher's Stone: Alchemy and the Secret Research for Exotic Matter