Fits on a DVDr. Shrinked with DVD Shrink 3.2. Movie quality: 78.3 % (deep analysis/2 pass)
Region free, PAL.

MENUS: YES

VIDEO: 1.78:1 (16:9)

AUDIO:  AC3 2.0 - Swedish
	AC3 2.0 - Director's comments in Swedish (not subtitled)

SUBTITLES:

English, Swedish 

RUNNING TIME: 01:25:33

SPECIAL FEATURES: Theatrical Trailer

***** FUCKING ÅMÅL (1998) *****

English Title: Show Me Love

IMDb User Rating: 7.8 / 10 (25,958 votes)

Tagline: Varför måste vi bo i fucking jävla kuk-Åmål? (Why must we live in fucking Åmål?)

Directed by Lukas Moodysson
Written by Lukas Moodysson

Cast
(Cast overview, first billed only)

	Alexandra Dahlström... 	Elin Olsson
	Rebecka Liljeberg... 	Agnes Ahlberg (as Rebecca Liljeberg)
	Erica Carlson	... 	Jessica Olsson
	Mathias Rust	... 	Johan Hulth
	Stefan Hörberg	... 	Markus
	Josefine Nyberg	... 	Viktoria (as Josefin Nyberg)
	Ralph Carlsson	... 	Agnes' Father Olof
	Maria Hedborg	... 	Agnes' Mother Karin
	Axel Widegren	... 	Agnes' Little Brother Oskar
	Jill Ung	... 	Elin's Mother Birgitta
	Lisa Skagerstam... 	Camilla
	Lina Svantesson	... 	Malin
	Johanna Larsson... 	Sara
	Elinor Johansson... 	Jenny
	Jessica Melkersson... 	Sabina

Plot Summary:

The film is set in a small Sweden town and revolves around a group of "popular" high schoolers made of two sisters, the guys who like them and various hang-arounds. These are the kind of dumb jerks that can be found in any school, superficial dimwits who think they're all that even though they're as conflicted as any other teenager, but who feel the need to mock and ridicule others to make themselves feel better. One of their favorite targets is Agnes (cute brunette Rebecka Jiljeberg) who, rumour has it, might be a dyke. Well, she is actually, but it ain't easy. She already has no real friends, she already feels like she's a disappointment to her over-demanding mother, and now she has to deal with these feelings she can't even talk about to anybody. Even worse, the girl she's in love with, Elin (sexy blonde Alexandra Dahlström), is one of the sisters at the core of the in-crowd. Through a cruel prank, the two will share a first kiss, which will be followed by much questioning, self-deceiving and despair... And love.
