F4CG - since 1983! 
                                     
                             
                    
           
            
                    
                      
                   
                    
          cpN
      
                            
            presents                
                                           
                                                     
                Luxand ProphecyMaster v1.1              
                   (c) Luxand, Inc.                
                                             
                                                                 
      Cracker ....: Team F4CG    Release Date ....: 12-06-2009   
      Supplier ...: Team F4CG    OS Type .........: Windows      
      Packer .....: GiftWrap     Number Of Disks .: [xx/02]      
      Protection .: Armadillo    Program Type ....: Application  
                                                               
                                                   
                   
                                                   
                                                        
        SITE: http://www.luxand.com                      
                                                       
                                                     
                                                 
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
          RELEASE NOTES:                                     
                                                               
      How Will You Look Like in 20 Years?                        
      Want to peek into the future but time machine tickets are  
      always sold out? Take a shortcut with revolutionary new    
      product that will fast-forward twenty years in just        
      seconds! ProphecyMaster will show you how a person will    
      look like in 20 years by realistically aging their face.   
      Satisfy your curiosity and save on tickets to the time     
      machine!                                                   
                                                                 
      You Just Need a Picture!                                   
      It just takes a single head shot or any picture that has   
      a face anywhere on it. Open that picture with              
      ProphecyMaster, click a button and watch how twenty years  
      can pass in just moments. ProphecyMaster is a perfect      
      time machine that will bring you into the future with no   
      effort.                                                    
                                                                 
      Irritating Girlfriend? Dump Her in a Second!               
      Tried everything reasonable to let your girlfriend leave   
      but failed? Try the new high-tech way of dumping           
      girlfriends! ProphecyMaster makes girlfriend dumping easy  
      as 1-2-3. Just send her a picture of her face aged 20      
      years, and she`ll leave you with no second thought        
      unless she has a good sense of humor, of course!           
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
      Sophisticated Technologies Used for Your Entertainment     
      ProphecyMaster employs the latest and newest technologies  
      in facial recognition and face transformation. The         
      product detects a face on any picture, analyzes its        
      facial features, and applies sophisticated mathematical    
      transformations to age the face twenty years. The results  
      are truly photo-realistic  nothing like cartoons or       
      drawings! You can use old pictures or scratched, faded or  
      black-and-white photos of yourself or your ancestors in    
      the past to make sure how close to reality ProphecyMaster  
      is. Just grab an old photo and run a test!                 
                                                                 
      Share Your Experience!                                     
      Got an exceptionally interesting result? Share it with     
      your friends and family by emailing it from within         
      ProphecyMaster in just a few clicks!                       
                                                                 
                                                                 
            INSTALLATION NOTES:                                  
                                                                 
      1. Unzip, unrar and install the program.                   
      2. Register with ANYTHING you like (if needed).            
      3. Enjoy !                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
            GROUP NEWS:                                          
                                                                 
      No group news available at this moment ...                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                           
                            _|/_                        
                                                         
          PROGRAM PROVIDED FOR TEST PURPOSES ONLY!     
            IF YOU LIKE THIS PROGGIE, BUY IT!        
                                                      
                                                     
                                                    
                                                       
          F4CG GREETINGS:                                    
                                                               
       All current and past F4CG members wherever you are.     
        All hard-working/secure groups in the real scene.        
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                     
                                                     
                                                   
                                             
                                          
                 UPDATE [03-01-2006]           
                                  
                  
                   ascii by cpN of cRo in 2oo5