File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:05:18

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2506 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.50 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Little Queen" is a song written and recorded by the rock band Heart. It was released as the second single from the band's second album Little Queen in 1977. The song is a midtempo rock and roll number similar in style to Heart's past hit "Magic Man" but much gentler than the first single taken from the album, "Barracuda". Although the song has endured as a fan-favorite amongst Heart's audience, "Little Queen" did not perform as well as previous singles when released, peaking at number sixty-two on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.

Little Queen is the second album released by the band Heart. It was released in May 1977, and re-released in 2004 with two bonus tracks.

The group intended Little Queen to be the official follow-up to the debut Dreamboat Annie. They had just left their first label Mushroom Records, for the new formed Portrait Records division of CBS Records (now Sony/BMG.) However the situation became very complicated when Mushroom decided to release a batch of studio demos and live recordings as the album Magazine at the same time as Little Queen. The record was hugely successful, becoming the band's second top ten album and eventually went 3x platinum.

It also produced the band's most popular hit Barracuda, which Ann Wilson wrote after a controversial publicity stunt by Mushroom Records created about her and Nancy featured a full-page ad in Rolling Stone showing the sisters bare-shouldered (as appearing on the "Dreamboat Annie" album cover) and suggestively captioned "It was only our first time". When a reporter suggested, backstage after a live appearance, that the sisters were sex partners, Ann returned to her hotel room and began writing the lyrics to "Barracuda" to relieve her frustration. The song became one of Heart's biggest hits (#11, 1977).

Heart is a rock band whose founding members came from Seattle, Washington, USA in the early 1970s. Going through several lineup changes, the only constant members of the group are sisters Ann and Nancy Wilson. The group rose to fame in the 1970s with their music being influenced by hard rock as well as folk music. After diminishing in popularity for a couple of years in the early 80s, the band enjoyed a massive comeback in 1985, experiencing further successes with their power ballads and pop hits throughout the rest of that decade and into the 90s.

Over their four decade career, Heart has had chart successes with a wide variety of musical styles, ranging from hard rock and metal (Barracuda, If Looks Could Kill, Black on Black II), to folk rock (Dreamboat Annie, Love Alive, Dog and Butterfly), to power ballads (Alone, These Dreams, What About Love). With both Jupiter's Darling in 2004 and their latest release Red Velvet Car in August 2010, Heart made a return to their hard rock/acoustic roots of the late 70s.

To date, Heart has sold over 35 million albums worldwide.

Heart was ranked #57 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/