Abraham-Hicks 2007-10-27 Asheville, NC 4CDs


EnJoy and Share - Please Seed

For more Abraham-Hicks_Torrents see webpage at:
 
http://koti.welho.com/walkusko/Abraham-Hicks_Torrents/

There you can easily check what Abraham-Hicks material is available on the net for free download via torrents and for you to have easier access for more of Abe's teachings.


4 CD Album, Asheville, NC 10/27/07  
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/product/F0742.html

CD ONE
7:10 Controlling conditions, as an almost impossible task? 7:20 All that is physical, is Nonphysically based. 6:00 Your Earth was not created by action. 6:52 You can never cause yourself to unbecome. 7:05 To naturally flow downstream, stop paddling upstream. 9:52 How could one’s manifestations slow them down? 7:33 If he gets focused on his antivision? 7:30 Can each step be next logical one? 

CD TWO
10:10 Others are distracting painter from her art. 22:00 Can we avoid the feelings of competition? 15:20 Is stuff a vibrational match to you? 6:28 What came back after his death experiences? 2:28 He has been having some paranormal experiences. 

CD THREE
3:00 Does Abraham know pretty much of everything? 3:00 But when we’ve used all the oil? 1:40 Why didn’t his success come even sooner? 22:40 Leg wound, and her traction without action. 7:02 Will she heal without taking further action? 12:14 To teach others to deal with grief? 9:00 Has a fear of losing a limb. 

CD FOUR
22:00 She feels spooked by an unwanted spirit. 15:20 Can psychic help troubled animals and humans? 12:00 Communicating with spirits, as positive or negative? 2:23 Is Jesus part of a Collective Consciousness? 6:00 Why is she working with autistic children? 10:00 Losing her body weight isn’t feeling comfortable. 1:00 Abraham closes the Asheville, NC Saturday workshop.

=========

From Daily Quotation http://www.abraham-hicks.com/
Being happy is the cornerstone of all that you are! Nothing is more important than that you feel good! And you have absolute and utter control about that because you can choose the thought that makes you worry or the thought that makes you happy; the things that thrill you, or the things that worry you. You have the choice in every moment. --- Abraham

"The Teachings of Abraham" is the original source material for the current Law of Attraction wave that is sweeping the world, and it is the 21st century inspiration for thousands of books, films, essays and lectures that are responsible for the current paradigm shift in consciousness. 

Here you will find accurate clarification of the basics of the Law of Attraction and practical applications as well as up-to-the-moment leading-edge expanding information regarding the Law of Attraction. (Also known as "The Teachings of Abraham")

This is the fountainhead of the information upon which the hit movie, “The Secret” was based.

Esther and Jerry Hicks
In 1985, Jerry and Esther Hicks began dialogs with Abraham, a name chosen by a group of nonphysical teachers, who deliver an inspirational message of joy and well-being. Jerry and Esther travel to over forty cities every year, offering workshops where participants direct their questions to Abraham and learn ways to achieve all that is desired in life.  

Abraham, a group of obviously evolved teachers, speak their broader Non-physical perspective through the physical apparatus of Esther. Speaking to our level of comprehension, from their present moment to our now, through a series of loving, allowing, brilliant yet comprehensively simple, recordings in print and in sound -- they guide us to a clear connection with our Inner Being -- they guide us to self-upliftment from our total self. 

The Teachings of Abraham are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, which illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience.
