Sailing to Capri by Elizabeth Adler (2006)

New York Times bestselling author Elizabeth Adler invites you on a decadent Mediterranean cruise--where nothing is what it seems, no one is telling the truth, and murder is on the agenda…
When English tycoon Sir Robert Waldo Hardwick dies mysteriously in a car accident, he leaves behind a note naming six people he suspects might have wanted him dead. Daisy Kean, and P.I. Harry Montana team up to take the suspects--and also six ‘red herrings'--on a fabulous Mediterranean cruise, all expenses paid by the late Sir Robert. As they call at Monte Carlo, St. Tropez and Sorrento, the mystery deepens. And the unexpected twists are just the beginning.

Finally, they arrive at the beautiful Villa Belkiss on Capri, where Sir Robert's will is to be read…and the killer unmasked. With the beauty of the Yorkshire countryside, the Mediterranean resorts and the magnificent cruise ship, plus the intense attraction between loner Montana and wary Daisy, passions flare and the beauty of the Villa Belkiss enchants. No one writes delicious armchair travel or intriguing suspense like Elizabeth Adler.

Mac escapes her bullet, but barely. Who is that woman? Days later she's disappeared and the Smith & Wesson she almost killed him with finds its way into his car.

Not so coincidentally, Allie Ray, star of the big screen and America's sweetheart, has also gone missing. The two women are connected, and Mac suddenly finds himself tangled up in a web of deception. He's going to need some help if he's going to get to the bottom of it all.

This is where Sunny Alvarez comes in. Sunny and Mac have an on-again, off-again relationship. Lately it's been more off than on. But now he needs her more than ever. Together they go on a quest that takes them from Southern California, to the beaches of Mexico, to the streets of Rome, and the countryside of France. All the while they're one step behind an elusive murderer and one step ahead of an actress who wants nothing more than to get lost..

With Elizabeth Adler's trademark descriptions, plot twists, and irresistible characters, One of Those 