iMusic©. 
An interplay between neuroscience and Classical music. An unequivocal Mental Calibrator and Life Enhancer for real world members of the knowledge economy.  Whether you're in the business, art, science or academic world, iMusic will effortlessly dial you in and engage your mind.  Calibrate your brain for optimum functioning. Bring online your unrealized cerebral potential. Become your best self.

While iMusic sounds like regular music, it contains nearly undetectable, but powerful mind activating characteristics.

 The ear is the super highway to the brain, a channel through which iMusic sends beats and pulses through your ear drums into your brain, creating subtle vibrations that echo into the sensory cortex, causing a precise cortical evoked response that entrains the brain into a change of frequency, eliciting an immediate and powerful change in mental state. No matter your age, intelligence, cultural background or system of beliefs, this physiological phenomenon is a hardwired and natural behavior that we all share. Whether we're learning, thinking, relaxing, working, training or playing, the experience can become richer, more powerful, higher in intensity and produce better quality results.




How to use iMusic Vol 1 -  Intelligence Suite 

Use this 3 CD set containing over 210 minutes of iMusic while reading, thinking, studying or doing any mental task and experience a 180-degree mental transformation. Become a focused and confidently attentive person with enhanced memory capability, mental absorbency, intellectual stamina, thought power, mental acuity and overall intelligence.

Can a person become smarter and a more effective learner, reader, memorizer and thinker without putting forth more effort, and if so, how?” With the iMusic Intelligence Suite the answer is yes! Scientific research has found that thought leaders, elite scholars and members of the intelligentsia exhibit similar brainwave frequencies and demonstrate distinct brain states as they perform mental tasks. iMusic is your all-access pass to this inexplicable, high performance state that only the most prominent achievers of our time have come to know.

iMusic©. An interplay between neuroscience and Classical music. An unequivocal Mental Calibrator and Life Enhancer for real world members of the knowledge economy. Whether you're in the business, art, science or academic world, iMusic will effortlessly dial you in and engage your mind. Calibrate your brain for optimum functioning. Bring online your unrealized cerebral potential. Become your best self. Scientific research has found that thought leaders, elite scholars and members of the intelligentsia exhibit similar brainwave frequencies and demonstrate distinct brain states as they perform mental tasks. iMusic | Volume Two is your all access pass to this inexplicable high performance state that only the most prominent achievers of our time have come to know.

iMusic Volume 1 Disk 1 - PeakRead

iMusic PeakRead is proven to guide your brainwaves into the peak performance reading state, as determined by clinical research and study. Simply listen to read with greater speed, focus, comprehension, stamina and ease than ever before. Whether you're reading academic texts, periodical, business best-sellers or reference books to upgrade your skill set and knowledge base, iMusic will amplify your reading abilities. And elevate your performance to an entirely new level.

iMusic Volume 1 Disk 2 - IvyFocus

With iMusic's patented mind enhancing technology, your brain-waves will be automatically optimized into a very special and unique, super learning frequency. You'll experience amazingly high levels of focus, absorption, stamina and mental acuity within minutes that will deliver the powerful results that all students crave. Many call it "being in the zone", we call it IvyFocus.

iMusic Volume 1 Disk 1 - ThinkFast

iMusic ThinkFast delivers F1 thought speeds and time stopping concentration, catapulting your mind into high performance zone that makes demanding mental tasks easier then ever. Just play this music iMusic selection in the background to elevate your brain power for tasks such as mathematical computations, complex lines of thought, competitive chess, or thinking through and brand of challenging material.





How to use iMusic Vol 2 - Creative Suite 

iMusic Volume 2 Disk 1

Use this first of three discs to engage your creative, artistic and spatial abilities. With heightened receptivity and acute focus you will feel capable and connected as you work on cracking the code to your next original idea or breakthrough. The perfect mental state for reading fiction, researching, sketching, writing or designing anything will be yours within just 6 minutes of pushing play.

iMusic Volume 2 Disk 2

Unleash your true creative self. iMusic | Volume 2.2 will hone your brain activity and optimize your mind like a guided missile. With your brain in the ideal frequency, intuitive insights, flashes of inspiration, big breakthroughs and rich revelations will come to you with unequaled speed and ease. With iMusic, artistic revelry and unabashed imagination are yours.

iMusic Volume 2 Disk 3

Play iMusic | Volume 2.3 to enter the perfect brain state for creative and purposeful action. Synthesize ideas into a strategic vision, develop that vision into a real and measurable plan of action, and then execute the action plan with an inspired, focused and high performance mind.

Breakthrough ideas and ingenious insights take you only mid-way through the Cycle Of Creativity. They represent unrealized potential. Only through execution can you cross the threshold that separates the people of common stock from the champions of our time. With iMusic | Volume 2.3, the leap from concept to reality will be a feat easily accomplished.





How to use iMusic Vol 3 - WakeUp Suite 

iMusic Volume 3 Disk 1

We have found time and time again, that the people who do and achieve in this world are those who roar in the mornings. And thrust themselves into action. With iMusic | Volume 3.1 you will experience an accelerated awakening like no other; propelling you to execute and achieve more than ever before.

iMusic Volume 3 Disk 2

iMusic | Volume 3.2 is the best way to achieve a natural, enjoyable and euphoric wakeup on demand . Use this CD to bask in pleasant dreams and positive thoughts as iMusic gently pulls you out of deep REM into a light delta mind state. Feel the energy and excitement of the day fill your body as iMusic entrains you into an energetic mental state, invigorating your body at a comfortable and enjoyable pace. Simply set the CD to play 30 minutes before your scheduled wakeup time. Delight in your dreams as the musical waves massage your mind in a slow and soothing manner. Feel your body gradually fill with energy and vigor as your wakeup time approaches. Experience a refreshing wave of kinetic stimulation and calming vibrancy as you awake from your nights sleep and open your eyes in the morning light.

iMusic Volume 3 Disk 3

We all engage in evenings of fun and indulgence that all too often leave us feeling regretful and penitent the following morning. The doubled edged sword of sleep depravity and substance abuse usually amounts to more than our body is prepared to handle. Whether you call it a hangover or the morning after shakes, use iMusic | Volume 3.3 as your morning after wakeup call to get your mind recuperating, regenerating and normalizing itself quicker and more effectively than ever before. iMusic will accelerate your healing factor, so you won’t have to bear the full brunt of consequence from a late night of fun. Play iMusic | Volume 3.3 and within minutes your blood vessels will relax and dilate, speeding the transmission of tissue-building nutrients to your cells and clearing away lactic acid and other wastes - which lowers your heart rate, decreases your blood pressure and speeds up the healing process.




How to use iMusic Vol 4 - Energy Suite 

VOLUME 4.1

You can now easily combat mental fatigue and lack of focus. By dialing up your energy levels at the push of a button.

Use this iMusic selection when you're completing errands, tasks, activities and jobs that require an energetic, clear and focused mind. Whether you’re planning your day, bustling around the office or managing your home, virtually any task that demands mental energy, clarity and focus will be better handled with this iMusic selection.

VOLUME 4.2

Play this iMusic selection to experience the high energy levels and comprehensive benefits (as detailed above) that a successful and active lifestyle requires.

Whether you’re preparing meals, completing errands, cleaning your residence, organizing your home, packing for a trip, or preparing your wardrobe, use iMusic to enter a high energy and physically active state. So when you want your body to work for you. It will.

VOLUME 4.3

When in an emergency. When in serious need. Break glass case.

Need a jolt? A boost? A kick that only a concentrated dose of caffeine could once provide? Use this 3rd CD when you want to be more than just mentally and physically active. Hyper-Active.

Just push play and let this iMusic-styled energy concentrate ignite your system. And cause your body and mind to soar.





How to use iMusic Vol 5 -  FitDrive Suite 

Volume 5.1

Preparation for Exercise.

Volume 5.2

Muscle Training. Lifting Weights.

Volume 5.3

Cardio Training.

Volume 5.4

Recovery from Exercise.




How to use iMusic Vol 6 -  DeepSleep Suite 

Voume 6.1

Play this CD anytime, anywhere to train your brain for natural deep sleep. (Yes, sleeping is an ability that you can build upon and improve by doing things like vigorous regular exercise, or using iMusic). In a very short period of time, you will experience a reduction in stress and disquieting angst. You will become better able to relax and unwind. And your mind will be conditioned to more effectively enter the deep sleep state; an important time to recover and recuperate your mental and physical resources that you simply cannot afford to miss if you are serious about success.

volume 6.2

No more tossing and turning. No more watching the clock. No more counting sheep or watching late-night TV. Simply play iMusic | Volume 6.2, the second CD in this three CD set, and say 'Goodnight' to insomnia and sleep depravity as you delicately slide into a restful pool of tranquility. And experience the big sleep that we all hope for.

iMusic | Volume 6.2 will gently entrain and dial down your brainwaves into a deep theta state within 6 minutes. Your body will release tension, your heart rate will decrease, your breathing will grow deeper and your entire physiological system will be optimized for rejuvenating rest.

iMusic | Volume 6.2... the perfect deep sleep solution if you have trouble settling into a relaxed and calm state of mind when your head hits the pillow.

Volume 6.3

iMusic | Volume 6.3 is ideal if you have difficulty clearing the troubles and complexities of the day from your mental slate. Playing this CD at bed time will deliver clarity of mind, eliminating mental chatter and fidgeting as your mind is channeled into a symphonic world of relaxation.

As your attention is transferred from the convolutions of life to the quietude of the night, a wave of calm will wash over your mind and body, pulling you into a deep and dark slumber of solitude.

In just the same way as iMusic | Volume 6.2, your brainwaves will be precisely entrained into a ready for sleep, relaxed state of neural activity. Your mind will liberate itself from worry as you enter a quite state of mind—allowing YOU to enter the deep sleep state on your own.


