Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo.


Inferno is the seventeenth album by the British band Motörhead. Released in 2004, it features some heavy tracks (like "Terminal Show" and "In the Name of Tragedy"), but also some rock'n'roll tracks ("Killers", "Life's a Bitch"). "Whorehouse Blues" is an acoustic track, which reflects on the thirty years of Motörhead's existence. Guitarist Steve Vai plays on "Terminal Show" and "Down on Me".

In November 2005, a special, 30th anniversary edition of Inferno was released with a bonus DVD, which contains 6 live tracks from the band's 30th anniversary show, a documentary and the "Whorehouse Blues" video.

Motörhead are a British rock band formed in 1975 by bassist, singer and songwriter Lemmy, who has remained the sole constant member. The band was part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal, which re-energized heavy metal in the late '70s and early '80s. Usually a power trio, Motörhead had particular success in the early 1980s with several successful singles in the UK Top 40 chart. The albums Overkill, Bomber, Ace of Spades, and, particularly, No Sleep 'til Hammersmith cemented Motörhead's reputation as one of Britain's foremost rock bands.

While Motörhead are typically classified as heavy metal, speed metal or thrash metal (and often regarded as a foundational influence on the latter two styles), Lemmy dislikes such labels, preferring to describe the band's music simply as "rock n' roll". Motörhead's approach has remained the same over the band's career, preferring to play what they enjoy and do best; their appreciation of early rock and roll is reflected in some of their occasional cover songs. Motörhead's lyrics typically cover such topics as war, good versus evil, abuse of power, promiscuous sex, substance abuse, and "life on the road". The band's distinctive fanged-face logo, with its oversized boar's horns, chains, and spikes, was created by artist Joe Petagno in 1977 for the cover of the Motörhead album and has appeared in many variations on covers of ensuing albums. The fanged face has been referred to variously as "War-Pig" and "Snaggletooth". The band is ranked number 26 on VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

