Bruce McCulloch - Drunk Baby Project - 2002
 
http://allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:aifpxq8aldke


Bruce McCulloch - 01 - Drunk Baby Project
Bruce McCulloch - 02 - Bob Seger
Bruce McCulloch - 03 - Caller Go Ahead
Bruce McCulloch - 04 - Cheer for the Team
Bruce McCulloch - 05 - For the Ladies
Bruce McCulloch - 06 - Bible
Bruce McCulloch - 07 - Sucra Poppa
Bruce McCulloch - 08 - Clinique Ladies
Bruce McCulloch - 09 - Flying Dream
Bruce McCulloch - 10 - Warehouse Prayer
Bruce McCulloch - 11 - Hangover Chronicles
Bruce McCulloch - 12 - Never Trust
Bruce McCulloch - 13 - One Good Cup
Bruce McCulloch - 14 - Lil' Gay Waiter
Bruce McCulloch - 15 - Aliens

Review	by Jason Nickey

After a nearly seven-year absence from the recording world (during which time he reunited with the cast of Kids in the Hall for a live tour and wrote and directed the film comedy Dog Park), Bruce McCulloch released the follow-up to his brilliantly funny Shame-Based Man. Drunk Baby Project sees McCulloch once again working with Brian Connelly from Shadowy Man on a Shadowy Planet and Neko Case's band. His other main musical collaborator this time is Craig Northey, who wrote the soundtrack to the Kids in the Hall movie, Brain Candy. They provide a kind of non-descript rock over which McCulloch does his thing. That is, for the most part, absurdist, blackly hilarious monologues. The topics covered are similar to those on Shame-Based Man: sex, booze, and religion. Where Shame-Based Man paid tribute to/parodied the Doors, here it's Bob Seger. Drunk Baby Project isn't nearly as consistently funny as its predecessor, but it has similar high points, particularly on the title track, where McCulloch explores the roots of (his) alcoholism ("my first words were 'da-da'/My second words were 'da-da I'm drunk-drunk'") and the mall-war chronicle of "Clinique Ladies." 
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_McCulloch


Kids in the Hall

As a member of The Kids in the Hall comedy troupe, McCulloch frequently wrote surreal monologues, films or songs. He also directed several of the filmed sketches. Memorable characters included the Flying Pig, Cabbage Head, talkative schoolchild Gavin, pop starlet Tammy, and grumpy middle-aged man Gordon.

McCulloch appeared in the Kids in the Hall movie Brain Candy, released in 1996. McCulloch drew controversy with his Cancer Boy character, introduced on the series' final episode, in which he plays a dying young cancer patient confined to a wheelchair who relates otherwise depressing news in a monosyllabic tone and with a cheerful smile, and even releases a hit single entitled "Whistle When You're Low." Paramount Pictures fought to edit out the offending scenes, yet they were still kept in. Among other characters, McCulloch also appeared as Grivo, a depressed rock star.

He is currently appearing in the Kids in the Hall reunion project Death Comes to Town.

Music

McCulloch has released two albums: 1995’s Shame-Based Man (praised by Allmusic as the “most remarkable of comedy albums: one that bears (frequent) repeated listenings”)[2] and 2002’s Drunk Baby Project.

McCulloch also directed the music video for the Tragically Hip’s song “My Music at Work,” from their 2000 album Music @ Work. McCulloch has stated on his website that he is close friends with Tragically Hip frontman Gord Downie. The video shares much in common with many Kids in the Hall sketches, including its office setting, camera angles, and some thematic elements.
[edit] Movies

McCulloch played Fred Wright in the 1987 TV mini-series Anne of Avonlea. He also had a role in the 1999 comedy film Dick.

McCulloch also co-wrote and had a bit part in Superman's 50th Anniversary: A Celebration of the Man of Steel (1988). In the CBS primetime special, (also featuring Dana Carvey, Al Franken, Jan Hooks, and others) he played a patron of a store that, among other things, sold counterfeit Kryptonite.
