Revealing Research for Peak Human Performance

Robert A. Monroe, founder of Hemi-Sync, is internationally known for his work with audio sound patterns that can have dramatic effects on states of consciousness. Monroe observed, during his early research, that certain sounds create a Frequency Following Response in the electrical activity of the brain.

Those observations led to some remarkable findings dealing with the very nature of human consciousness. Researchers learned specific sounds could be blended and sequenced to gently lead the brain to various states ranging from deep relaxation or sleep to expanded states of awareness and other “extraordinary” states. This compelling research became the foundation of a noninvasive and easy-to-use audio-guidance technology known as Hemi-Sync®.

The audio-guidance process works through the generation of complex, multilayered audio signals, which act together to create a resonance that is reflected in unique brain wave forms characteristic of specific states of consciousness. The result is a focused, whole-brain state known as hemispheric synchronization, or Hemi-Sync®, where the left and right hemispheres are working together in a state of coherence. Different Hemi-Sync® signals are used to facilitate deep relaxation, focused attention or other desired states. As an analogy, lasers produce focused, coherent light. Hemi-Sync® produces a focused, coherent mind, which is an optimal condition for improving human performance.

One of the leading researchers into brain wave synchrony, Dr. Lester Fehmi, of the Princeton Biofeedback Research Institute, points out that “Synchrony represents the maximum efficiency of information transport through the whole brain.” This means that brain wave synchrony produces a sharp increase in the effects of various brain wave states. The production of synchronized, coherent electromagnetic energy by the human brain at a given frequency leads to a ‘laser-like’ condition increasing the amplitude and strength of the brain waves. It’s evident that a “highly integrated brain,” a brain, in which both hemispheres are functioning in symmetry, synchrony, harmony and unity, is a key to peak states and peak human performance.

Specific combinations of Hemi-Sync® signals, for example, can help individuals achieve laser-like focus and concentration. Depending on the intended goals, music, verbal guidance or subtle sound effects are combined with Hemi-Sync® to strengthen its effectiveness. Naturally, Hemi-Sync® sleep products incorporate predominately Delta frequencies; learning products predominantly Beta, and so forth. Users remain in total control as these recordings do not contain subliminal messages. Hemispheric synchronization does occur naturally in daily life, but typically only for random, brief periods of time. Hemi-Sync® can assist individuals in achieving and sustaining this highly productive, coherent, brain wave state.
Continuous Innovation

Robert Monroe’s work inspired an entire industry of mind/brain products. After 50 years of research, and thousands of lab sessions, the internationally acclaimed patented Hemi-Sync® process remains unparalleled in its ability to assist us in harnessing our human potential.

Thanks to the cooperation of notable medical institutions and universities, the scientifically and clinically proven Hemi-Sync® technology continues to be the focus of a variety of specialized research projects. In addition, many therapists, physicians, educators, and other professionals use Hemi-Sync® extensively.

Such research is indispensable in revealing the influence of specific Hemi-Sync® sound patterns on consciousness. Over the years, these efforts have resulted in the development of scores of individual products for specific applications such as focused attention, stress management, meditation, sleep enhancement, and pain management, to name a few.


Product discription:


Focus 10 and other "mental tools" help you experience states of expanded awareness. You are led from your physical waking state into deep relaxation and then into unexplored levels of consciousness.


Discover new potentials in thought and action as your total self becomes your personal gateway into profound forms of perception.


Orientation - Introduction and Focus 3

Intro Focus 10 - establish the state of mind awake/body asleep

Advanced Focus 10 - expand perception and learn greater control of personal energy

Release and Recharge - detach from old fears and negative emotions

Exploration, Sleep - techniques for expanding and exploring while asleep

Focus 10 Free Flow - experiment with all tools learned in Wave

Learn more Focus 10 “mental tools” and benefit from exercises which take you to a state of expanded awareness known as Focus 12. Threshold opens new perceptual channels for expanding and integrating personal awareness while developing creative insights which assist in dissolving fear barriers.



Intro Focus 12 - establish the higher energy state of expanded awareness

Problem Solving - receive creative solutions to your questions

One Month Patterning - reshape your life in desired directions

Color Breathing - link mind and body to energize and support healing

Energy Bar Tool - direct your nonphysical energies

Introduction to LBM - balance and strengthen the physical self


Enjoy Focus 10 and Focus 12 exercises developed specifically to make the methods for perceiving and controlling your nonphysical energy a comfortable and joyous experience. Lift Off - achieve ease with nonphysical experience Remote Viewing - tools for distant perception Vectors - reference points for easy movement Five Questions - answers from your total self Energy Food - absorb nonphysical energy First Stage Separation - explore nonphysical consciousness.

Explore new experiences, new ideas, new places and new friends. This album provides you with the ultimate expression beyond Freedom - that of a personally controlled and directed adventure.



One Year Patterning - for designing your desired future

Five Messages - gain insight into your total self

Free Flow 12 - an unparalleled background for personal exploration

NVC I - non-verbal communication, the language of intuitive thought

NVC II - broaden perception in all states of your being

Compoint 12 - establish a reference point for communication with higher consciousness


(A Journey to Focus 15)

From the now familiar state of Focus 12, you will be introduced to Focus 15 - the "no time" state - the state of simply being. Here, far beyond your five physical senses, you can connect with the source of your intuition.



Advanced Focus 12 - strengthen and reinforce your familiarity with this valuable state.



Discovering Intuition - use Focus 12 as a natural foundation for enhancing your intuitive abilities.



Exploring Intuition - further exploration of your intuitive abilities.



Intro to Focus 15 - be guided into Focus 15, the state of "no time", where time does not exist for you.



Mission 15 Creation and Manifestation - explore Focus 15 as a powerful state of creation and manifestation.



Exploring Focus 15 - a free flow opportunity for further exploration of this extraordinary state.

(A Journey to Focus 21)

Embark upon an odyssey of self-discovery. Wave VI features high adventure exercises in Focus 21 (the bridge to other energy systems). Explore realms of awareness that defy description in dimensions beyond physical time-space reality in this much-requested continuation of the Gateway Experience.

Sensing Locale 1 - learn to control your energy body Expansion in Locale 1 - reach out further from your physical body Point of Departure - project "out of phase" from your physical self Nonphysical Friends - meet your "helpers in energetic form" Movement to Locale 2/Intro Focus 21 - travel the bridge to other energy systems Free Flow Journey in Focus 21 - brand-new territory for your exploration
