Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Crushcrushcrush" is the third single from Paramore's second album Riot!. The official music video premiered on TRL on October 11, 2007. The single was released in late 2007 and early 2008. It was made available in the United Kingdom for download from November 5 and purchase on November 26, 2007. The single is also playable on various music video games such as Rock Band, Rock Band Unplugged, Guitar Hero On Tour: Decades, and Ultimate Band. The single won a Teen Choice Award for "Best Rock Track". It was also used briefly in NCIS (TV series), in episode 05x12- Stakeout.

The song was certified Gold in the United States on September 17, 2008.

The music video shows the band performing in a barren desert environment, and three people spying on them with binoculars from a distance. The three voyeurs watch from behind various old trinkets that have formed a faux house without walls or a roof. Intercut between Paramore's performance of the song are clips of the band walking through the voyeur's "house" and later on, short clips show that Paramore and the bandits watching them are the same (Hayley in the bathtub, Josh and Jeremy playing/slamming their guitars and Zac pushing his stands over and throwing drums). The video was directed by Shane Drake.

The music video is played throughout a television advertisement for the iPod Touch.

The video was also nominated for a Best Rock Video at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, but lost to Linkin Park's "Shadow of the Day".

Riot! is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Paramore, succeeding their debut album All We Know Is Falling, and was released in the United States on June 12, 2007 and in the United Kingdom on June 25, 2007. The album was certified Platinum in July 2008 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and Gold in the UK and in the Republic of Ireland. Riot! produced 4 singles: "Misery Business", "Hallelujah", "crushcrushcrush" and "That's What You Get".

"Misery Business" is included in the video games Saints Row 2, NHL 08 and Guitar Hero World Tour (the latter featuring a computer-generated replica of lead vocalist Hayley Williams), while "That's What You Get" is included as a playable song on Rock Band 2. "crushcrushcrush" is featured on Guitar Hero On Tour: Decades and is available as a downloadable track for play on both Rock Band games. A cover version of the song is also featured on the game Ultimate Band.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

