Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Never Gonna Be Alone is the 6th overall single (3rd mainstream single in U.S., 5th overall single in U.S. and mainstream single in Canada due to I'd Come For You released only in Europe and Canada) since off of Nickelback's sixth studio album Dark Horse, to be released on September 29. The song is a power ballad, similar to other hits by the band such as, I'd Come For You, Far Away, and If Everyone Cared.

"Never Gonna Be Alone" reached #68 on The Billboard Hot 100 a few months before it was released as a single. It recently reappeared on the chart, entering at #96 and it's currently at #62, which is their new peak.

The song made its North American debut on Montreal hot adult contemporary radio station CJFM-FM (Mix 96, now Virgin Radio) in December 2008; however, it was not yet released as a single when the station played it. It is also getting rotation on CKRV-FM in Kamloops, British Columbia and many other Canadian radio stations.

The song is featured on the soundtrack of the Brazilian soap opera: Caminho das Índias. Due to that, the song managed to received heavy airplay on the Brazilian stations and also on Portugual, where the soap opera was released too.

The music video was released on Wednesday, November 11, 2009 on the Road Runner Records Twitter page. The video world premiered onIt tells an extremely sad story of a young woman who has lost her father. The video opens with the young woman in a limousine being taken to her wedding. She is holding a fake blue flower with her bouquet. As she walks down the aisle, she looks back at her mother and father, who are smiling proudly. The scene then cuts back to the woman's high school graduation, where her father is again smiling and clapping for her as she receives her diploma. The video flashes back three more times, the first with the girl's father seeing her off to her prom and the second with him teaching her how to ride a bike. The final flashback shows the father's funeral, the young woman being just a little girl. She is holding two fake flowers in her hand, one yellow and one blue. She tosses the yellow one into her father's grave. The events in the flashbacks are shown again from a different perspective, each time the girl looks up at her father and sees him disappear in a shimmer of light. Back at the wedding, the woman is still looking back, seeing her father's ghost surrounded in light. She realizes that he has still been there for her all along, even in death. The woman places the blue flower in her new husband's breast pocket, and the two wed. As they are leaving the church, the video cuts to her father once more, smiling proudly. He disappears for the final time, his daughter now fully grown up. The video is intercut with scenes of the band playing in a room with a large, light-filled backdrop.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

