Earls Of The Court - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 via DVB-T
6 x 15 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


Earls Of The Court follows the misadventures of Lloydie and Johnno - two hapless, likeable Australians who came over to London on the great Aussie Pilgrimage.

The pair met and bonded in the mid-Nineties while living in a crowded house-share in Earl's Court. They spent their time as professional layabouts but, after a couple of years, something rather spoilt the party. They split and hadn't seen each other since - until now. 

While Johnno is fired from his dead-end office job, the prodigal traveller Lloydie returns from an ill-conceived adventure in the French Alps. The rest of "the gang" have moved on - got proper jobs, started families and headed back home - just these two remain in London. And it's not long before they find each other. 

To Lloydie's delight, Johnno is still living in their old Shepherd's Bush house-share. Johnno lets him stay on the sofa "for a couple of nights" but this stretches into weeks, and it's not long before the rest of the flat-mates conspire to kick out the pair of them. Now seemingly inseparable, they move in with Johnno's Scandinavian girlfriend.

Cast:

Stewart Wright
Will Adamsdale



Earls Of The Court - S01 - E01 - Earls Reunited
Earls Of The Court - S01 - E02 - The Eklov Experience
Earls Of The Court - S01 - E03 - Crisis Management 
Earls Of The Court - S01 - E04 - Downward Inflection 
Earls Of The Court - S01 - E05 - The Ides Of March
Earls Of The Court - S01 - E06 - The Hangover
.

Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 14mn 1s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits


[b]A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them[/b]

.