 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059742/ 
Select between Dual English - German audio tracks 256k and 224k respectively

The Sound of Music is the greatest movie ever produced.
Since its first release in 1965, it has supposedly since raked in a billion,
considered in current dollar values (adjusted for inflation).

There is a great opportunity for learning and for joy in hearing the songs
sung in German, as this movie is first and foremost a celebration of the 
Germanic spirit of competence, civility and passion for life correctly lived. 
It is a preaching of a more kindly Christianly spirit that is espoused by Ms.
Julie Andrews, a German woman, of the righteducation equally.

What there is of brilliance and supremacy in what ismust rightly
be seen to be the Germanic element of quality - and this I say in all 
earnestness not just in respect of protecting this spirit that keeps me sane
to do (as I can live with nothing else than the greatest spirited Ms. Julie
Andrews in all my dealings in life)but in simply being a good Christian
that seeks fairness on matters of true merit.  


This is better than buying a standard DVD we think, we it offers outstanding
pixel and bitrate specifications by comparison. It comes in at 1280X 584 with
a video bitrate at this pixel setting (as indicated) of 2622k - How's that for
an achievement!

Some who offer DVD5 movie files on the net tend to make an error in 
thinking a standard DVD has 4.7GB available on it for recording on.
Fact is the actual space available for some reason is closer to
4.3GB instead. So care must be taken when creating folders intended
to fit on a single layer disc with ease. Blank larger Dual layer discs and
those that store even larger files from bluray conversions, are expensive to
buy and to burn. We think most would think twice before deciding they need
that much more in movie file size than the sort of specs I indicate above.
but then today, some can own a huge theatre with screens that can fill an 
entire wall in a room perhaps!

We also have subtitles for those that want to learn German using this movie
file and it took little space to make it possible to do so. We also have some
treats including some newer karaoke song offerings for those that want to 
rightly celebrate this movie with their families and friends, at home and
school and at karaoke clubs too - why not!

The Sound of Music teaches us that we must be disciplined, as a great
peoples, certainly! But we must also even importantly be sensible in this
so as to preserve the good spirit. we must celebrate and have joy as reasons
for living. we must bestow it on those that need it - or we have no sense in
what purpose it is we might live for instead.

This was the most formative movie experience in my own growing up, I saw
this movie at aboarding school run by a great man from Australia
Dr. David Nettlebeck, our Headmaster. It changed my life and can do so
for all children that are drawn to these teachings on merit.

If you are viewing on you computer, the DivX plus player shows off best 
what is the picture quality, however its too bulky a player to use most
of the time (despite its great dual monitor support - to show on your hooked
up TV and computer simultaneously), and its ability to provide chapter 
control capability on a movie file such as this which has embedded chapter
point placed by the DivX Converter Plus program capabilities. It can
therefore act as a DVD using a compatible such DivX player on your PC.

At this point, however, We  suggest a lightweight player such as VLC instead.
Its free as well. We do not find lately that downloaded movies appear intended
to be played on a computer as they aren't converted as regular DivX/DivX HD 
avi files but to some other format that causes extreme sluggishness when
attempted to be used with the same player and equipment, as we found 
in any event.

It plays beauifully and instantly on our DivX HD (plus bluray) disc
player from Sony as Im afraid to admit that no European models were 
on the shelf at the downtown stores in Toronto when we made the purchase.
Very very unfortunate indeed!

So I hope you will consider that the German endowment of Intelligence and 
geneoristy of spirit with competence is within the reach and grasp
of your children equally - if you could only getthem to see this movie
often enough with the right teachers around! what else could possibly' be
needed, i say!


Michael Rizzo Chessman




 
