. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                       
                                                     
                                            
                
                   
            
                
                        
                 
                 
               
                         
                          
                 
                   
                          
                         
                   
            
                
           
                   
                      
       
               
                
                     
                 
                           
                             
                  
           
          
                             
      ,,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,     
                                                       
           ....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....          
                                         
                                                 
             PGWARE GameBoost  v1.3.8.2010             
                                                       
                                              
           
              
                            
                                                
                                                               
                                                             
      Released on 03/13/10 for exclusive usage by            
        members of the release scene. This isnt something        
        to share with your school mates and not for sale.        
      Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it!       
                                                             
      Company ..: PGWARE LLC.                                
       Url ......: http://www.pgware.com                       
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
            Release Information              
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       GameBoost will optimize your computer performance         
     and internet connection to speed up web surfing and     
     make your games run faster immediately. GameBoost       
     is the combination of our two products GameGain and     
      Throttle, offering both internet acceleration and        
     gaming acceleration this all-in-one product can         
     quickly enhance your computing experience with a        
       single click of a button.                                 
                                                                 
                                                             
     With GameBoost your internet connection will be         
     upgraded to allow you to download music, movies and     
      files much faster; your computer will also be            
     optimized to run games faster, changes made to          
     Windows will help improve frames per second, memory     
       utilization, foreground application CPU priority          
       and hard disk access speed. GameBoost works by            
     making permanent modifications to the Windows           
     system registry and system files, these changes         
     affect how your internet connection and gaming          
      hardware interacts with all the games you have           
     installed on your computer. No patches or               
     modifications are made to the games and no              
       anti-cheat detection software can detect that             
       GameBoost has increased the performance of your           
     computer to give you an edge over your online           
     competitors.                                            
                                                             
                                                               
     By improving your internet speed and gaming             
     performance you can reduce lag within games,            
       increase how smooth the game performs both online         
       and offline and enjoy games on your computer              
     without having to upgrade your computer hardware.       
                                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
               Install Notes                 
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       1. Unpack & Install                                       
     2. Use Patch.exe                                        
     3. Have Fun                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
                Group Notes                  
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       You got something to offer like                           
                                                             
               * supplies (either ISO or DDL)                
               * cracking skills                             
                * pizza                                        
                                                             
     and want to join the only scene family in existance?    
       Then just ask around on IRC (maybe even your girl-        
       friend may know one of our council members, be it         
     the one or the other way...) and lets see if you        
     fit into one of our open positions!                     
                                                             
                                                               
                      Signed,                                
                          - TEAM DVT -                       
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                       
                                                   
                                             
                                         
                    
        
                      
                  
                  
                  
                
                 
                       
                            
                                 
                                             
                                                  
                                          
                                         (( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha ))