"Star Trek Voyager The Original Soundtrack "



Jay Chattaway (born July 8, 1946) is an American composer of film and television scores. He is mainly known for his work as score composer for several Star Trek television series: Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager, and Star Trek: Enterprise. The simple flute melody he composed for the TNG episode "The Inner Light" has been re-arranged for full orchestra and remains his best known singular work.



Chattaway was born in Monongahela, Pennsylvania and studied music at West Virginia University. He was conscripted into the military while working on his graduate degree and joined the Navy Band, serving as the unit's chief arranger and composer. After his discharge from the Navy, Chattaway moved to New York City to write music. He later moved to Los Angeles to compose for film.



Chattaway's film scores include music for Maniac, Vigilante, The Last Fight, The Big Score, Walking the Edge, The Rosebud Beach Hotel, Missing in Action, Home Free All, Invasion U.S.A., Silver Bullet, Braddock: Missing in Action III, Maniac Cop, Jakarta, Red Scorpion, Relentless, Maniac Cop 2, The Ambulance, and Rich Girl.




Jerrald King "Jerry" Goldsmith (February 10, 1929 – July 21, 2004) was an American film score composer from Los Angeles, California. Goldsmith was nominated for eighteen Academy Awards (winning one, for The Omen), and also won four Emmy Awards. He worked in a wide variety of film and television genres, but is most prominently associated with action, suspense, and sci-fi/horror films.

Goldsmith was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Tessa (née Rappaport), an artist, and Morris Goldsmith, a structural engineer. He learned to play the piano at age six. At fourteen, he studied composition, theory and counterpoint with teachers Jacob Gimpel and Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco. Goldsmith attended the University of Southern California, where he attended courses taught by veteran composer Miklós Rózsa. Goldsmith developed an interest in writing scores for movies after being inspired by Rózsa.

In 1950, Goldsmith found work at CBS as a clerk in the network's music department. He soon began writing scores for radio (including CBS Radio Workshop; Frontier Gentleman, for which he wrote the title music; and Romance) and CBS television shows (including The Twilight Zone). He remained at CBS until 1960, after which he moved on to Revue Studios, where he would compose music for television shows such as Dr. Kildare and The Man from U.N.C.L.E.



In 1963, Goldsmith was first nominated for an Oscar for John Huston's film Freud. Shortly after, he met Alfred Newman, who was instrumental in Goldsmith's hiring by 20th Century-Fox. Goldsmith went on to collaborate with many big-name filmmakers throughout his career, including Robert Wise (The Sand Pebbles, Star Trek: The Motion Picture), Howard Hawks (Rio Lobo), Otto Preminger (In Harm's Way), Roman Polanski (Chinatown), Steven Spielberg/Tobe Hooper (Poltergeist), and Ridley Scott (Alien and Legend). But his most notable collaboration was arguably that with Franklin J. Schaffner (for whom Goldsmith scored Planet of the Apes, Patton and Papillon).







TRACKLIST



Star Trek Voyager (Music From The Original Soundtrack )



01.   Main Title

02.   Prologue

03.   70 Thousand Light Years From Home

04.   Beamed To The Farm

05.   Lifesigns In The Barn

06.   Paris Takes The Helm

07.   Main Title Short

08.   Escape From The Ocampa Underground

09.   Not Enough Time

10.   Battle For The Array

11.   Set Course For Home

12.   End Credit

13.   The Caretaker's Hoedown



