At around 10.00pm on Thursday 3rd May 2007, in the Portuguese resort of Praia da Luz, Dr Kate McCann claimed that she had walked up to her apartment to do a ‘half-hourly check’ on her three children, found the Madeleine was not in her bed, and immediately reported that her daughter Madeleine had been abducted. There then began the most famously publicised effort in world history to find an allegedly missing child. Four months later, in September 2007, the Doctors McCann were made ‘arguidos’ by the Portuguese police in the disappearance of their daughter. The term ‘arguido’ does not have an exact English equivalent, but may be translated: ‘provisional suspect’.

But in July this year (2008), the Portuguese authorities announced that they had insufficient evidence to bring any charges against either Doctor concerning their daughter’s disappearance. Their status as suspects was therefore ended. The McCanns proclaimed themselves ‘cleared’ - though in fact the investigation into Madeleine’s disappearance has merely been ‘shelved’, not abandoned.

For most of the 18 months since Madeleine ‘went missing’, the British media - TV, radio and newspapers - have continued to portray Madeleine and the McCanns as ‘innocent’ victims of an evil abductor. In addition, they blame an incompetent, bungling, malicious Portuguese police force for even thinking of suspecting the parents of involvement in Madeleine going missing. This is despite the fact that police forces throughout the world who are called on to investigate alleged child abductions of young children from their own homes always fully investigate the parents - and those close to them - bearing in mind the strong probability that the parents’ abduction claim may be false. 

Amongst all the media hype and debate on the likely fate of Madeleine, and the claims of those involved, we have lost sight of the fact that little Madeleine, even if she was abducted, is no longer with us because her parents deliberately chose to leave their three children, all aged under four, unsupervised, so they could enjoy another night out wining and dining with their friends, over 100 yards’ walk away, unable to see or hear their three young children. 

Indeed, it is known that on one occasion, they were called back to their apartment by Mark Warner staff to attend to one of their children (probably Madeleine) who had been crying out in distress for at least an hour and a quarter, apparently pleading: ‘Daddy, Daddy’. Leaving their children unattended whilst out at the nearby Tapas restaurant with their friends is something they have publicly admitted to doing for either five or six nights in a row, for example in a long article in The Independent on Sunday on 5th August 2007.

The accounts given by the McCanns and their ‘Tapas 9’ friends of how often they checked their children, and about what really happened on 3rd May, contain numerous contradictions (see for example Reason 20 below) and have frequently changed over time. These varying accounts made things more difficult for the Portuguese police as they tried to investigate Madeleine’s ‘disappearance’. For example, they originally claimed that they were ‘checking their children every hour’, then we heard ‘every 15 minutes’, and finally they settled on ‘every half hour’. To put it mildly, there are many doubts as to whether the McCanns were checking their children regularly while they were dining out, if at all.

continued in the book
