Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Rock What You Got is the fifth album from the band Superchick. It was released on June 24, 2008. The album debuted at #65 on the Billboard 200 album chart, selling nearly 10,000 copies its first week. The band has described the album as more progressive, in-your-face sound and has dubbed it "rock-o-tronic". In May 2008, Inpop released three radio singles from the album. "Hold" was played on Christian contemporary hit radio stations, "Crawl" went to adult contemporary stations, and "Hey, Hey" to Christian rock stations. In late May, Inpop Records released a free download of the track "Alive" for further promotion of the album. Their song "Rock What You Got" was featured on promos for Denise Richards:It's Complicated.  The song "One More" was used on the season finale of Running in Heels.  Their song "So Beautiful was also featured as the theme song.  The album was nominated for a Grammy in the "Best Rock/Rap Gospel Album" category, but lost to tobyMac's album.  The song "Hey Hey" was also used in promos for NBC's new season. The song "Rock What You Got" is in the 5th episode of Make It or Break It. 

Superchick, originally known as Superchic[k], is an American Christian alternative pop/rock band. Their music incorporates various styles such as pop, punk, rock, rap, and R&B. Their sound has been compared to mainstream artists No Doubt and Avril Lavigne. Superchick has had five songs hit number one on music charts, and their song "Stand in the Rain" held the number one spot for nine weeks on R&R Christian Hit Radio (CHR) chart in 2006/2007.

Superchic[k] made their debut in 1999 at an Audio Adrenaline concert in front of an audience of 5,000. They continued to perform at live events throughout that year, self-releasing their first album in 2000. The album was re-released with three added remix tracks after they signed to Inpop Records, and became their first official album: Karaoke Superstars. Since then, their music has appeared in several movies and television shows, including the movie Legally Blonde and the made for TV, Disney movie Cadet Kelly. Superchic[k] signed with mainstream record label Columbia Records to promote their 2005 album Beauty From Pain, resulting in their 2006 mainstream debut Beauty From Pain 1.1. The re-release album contains their signature hit "Stand in the Rain". Their music has received favorable reviews in both Christian and mainstream publications. On December 4, 2008, Superchick was nominated for their first Grammy Award. The group was recognized in the category of "Best Rock Or Rap Gospel Album" for their 2008 album, Rock What You Got which is now featered on "ABC Family's" new hit show "Make it or Break it". The band launched their "Hey! Hey! (That's Freedom You Hear)" Tour on April 3, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 

