 http://www.thedesiadda.com/

Extreme server seed version here...
 
http://www.thedesiadda.com/showthread.php?t=3123

No ratios nothing enjoy!!!


The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible

On with the game release information:

The biggest first-person action series of all time and the
follow-up to last year's blockbuster Call of Duty: Modern
Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty: Black Ops
Call of Duty: Black Ops will take you behind enemy lines as a
member of an elite special forces unit engaging in covert
warfare, classified operations, and explosive conflicts across
the globe. With access to exclusive weaponry and equipment
your actions will tip the balance during the most dangerous
time period mankind has ever known

Cinematic Single Player Campaign: An epic campaign and story
that takes you to a variety of locations and conflicts all
over the world where you will play as an elite Black Ops
soldier in deniable operations where if you are caught
captured or killed, your country will disavow all knowledge of
your existence

Signature Multiplayer: Call of Duty's signature multiplayer
gameplay returns with new perks and killstreaks, deeper levels
of character and weapon customization, and all new modes
including:

Wager Matches: One in the Chamber, Gun Game, Sticks and
Stones, Sharpshooter

Theater Mode: View, record, and edit your favorite moments
from multiplayer, and share with your friends

Combat Training: Test your skill solo or Co-Op with friends
against AI enemy players

Zombies!: Fan favorite Zombie mode is back providing endless
hours of Zombie-slaying entertainment, solo or Co-Op

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD
to the main installation folder and overwrite
5. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS