All books are in the iPod/iPhone Audiobooks format (*.m4b)

Language: English

------

Gone With the Wind 
  

Written By:  Margaret Mitchell
Narrated By: Linda Stephens 

Genre(s): Fiction,Romance
Awards - 
AudioFile Earphones Award
Pulitzer Prize Winner

UNABRIDGED Audiobook
( 36 Cassettes / 49 Hours ) 

By: Recorded Books, LLC

Description:
Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Literature, Margaret Mitchell’s great novel of the South is one of the most popular books ever written. Within six months of its publication in 1936, Gone With the Wind had sold a million copies. To date, it has been translated into 25 languages, and more than 28 million copies have been sold. Here are the characters that have become symbols of passion and desire: darkly handsome Rhett Butler and flirtatious Scarlett O’Hara. Behind them stand their gentler counterparts: Ashley Wilkes and Melanie Hamilton. As the lives and affairs of these absorbing characters play out against the tumult of the Civil War, Gone With the Wind reaches dramatic heights that have swept generations of fans off their feet. Having lived in Atlanta for many years, narrator Linda Stephens has an authentic ear for the dialects of that region. Get ready to hear Gone With the Wind exactly as it was written: every word beautifully captured in a spectacular unabridged audio production.

-----

Scarlett


Written By: Alexandra Ripley
Narrated By: Dixie Carter 

Genre(s): Fiction,Romance

ABRIDGED Audiobook
( 4 Cassettes / 6 Hours )

By: Simon & Schuster Audioworks

Description:
The timeless tale continues... The most popular and beloved American historical novel ever written, Margaret Mitchell's Gone With the Wind is unparalleled in its portrayal of men and women at once larger than life but as real as ourselves. Now bestselling writer Alexandra Ripley brings us back to Tara and reintroduces us to the characters we remember so well: Rhett, Ashley, Mammy, Suellen, Aunt Pittypat, and, of course, Scarlett. As the classic story, first told over half a century ago, moves forward, the greatest love affair in all fiction is reignited; amidst heartbreak and joy, the endless, consuming passion between Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler reaches its startling culmination. Rich with surprises at every turn and new emotional, breathtaking adventures, Scarlett satisfies our longing to reenter the world of Gone With the Wind, and like its predecessor, Scarlett will find an eternal place in our hearts.

-----

Rhett Butler's People 


Written By: Donald McCaig
Narrated By: John Bedford Lloyd

Genre(s): Fiction,Romance

UNABRIDGED Audiobook
( 18 hrs and 14 mins )

By: Macmillan Audio

Description:
Rhett Butler's People is the long-awaited novel that parallels the great American novel Gone with the Wind. Twelve years in the making, Rhett Butler's People marks a major and historic cultural event for millions of Gone with the Wind readers, complementing and adding new dimensions to its timeless story.

Through the storytelling mastery of award-winning writer Donald McCaig, the life and times of the enigmatic Rhett Butler unfolds. Meet Rhett as a boy, a free spirit who loved the marshes and the tidewaters of the Low Country, and learn of the ruthlessness of his father, whose desire for control resulted in unspeakable tragedy. Through Rhett's eyes we meet the people who shaped him in other ways: the overseer's daughter, Belle Watling; Rhett's brave and determined sister, Rosemary; Tunis Bonneau, the son of freed slaves and Rhett's childhood friend who understood him like no one else; and Jack Ravanel, whose name became inextricably linked to heartbreak.

And then, of course, there is Scarlett. Katie Scarlett O'Hara, the headstrong, passionate woman whose life is entwined with Rhett's: more like him than she cares to admit, more in love with him than she'll ever know. Rhett Butler's People, brought to vivid and authentic life by the hand of a master, fulfills the dreams of those whose imaginations have been indelibly marked by Gone with the Wind.
