MICROSOFT OFFICE PROJECT 2007

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Use Microsoft Office Project Professional 2007 for robust project management tools with the right blend of usability, power, and flexibility so you can manage projects efficiently and effectively.

Understand and Control Project-Related Schedules and Finances 
Better organize your projects and people with the scheduling power of Office Project 2007.

Trace the source of issues
Using the Task Drivers feature, you can determine prerequisites and resource constraints that drive the start date of a selected task. With Task Drivers, you can easily trace critical paths in project plans to find the root cause of a particular delay.

Reverse changes
Experiment with what-if scenarios by using Multiple Level Undo. This enables you to undo and redo changes to views, data, and options. You can undo actions or sets of actions from macros or compliant, third-party customizations to fully understand the implications of each change.

See the effects of a change
Determine the impact of a change on all other dependent tasks with Change Highlights. Project automatically highlights all items that shift as a result of the most recent change you make.

Control project finances
Assign budgets to projects and programs to allocate funds and track costs.

Assign costs to tasks
Assign multiple arbitrary costs (not based on work time) with the new Cost resource type. Also, new fields for cost information enable better project accounting. You can more accurately monitor project financials and keep your project in sync with data in your accounting system. 

Effectively Communicate Project-Related Information
Communicate your progress and issues effectively with Office Project 2007.

Use predefined reports
Select, preview, and print the most frequently used information needed to manage projects, track resources, maintain costs, and communicate progress to your team. You can also adapt these reports to present the specific information you want to display.

Use Project views to convey information
Updated views and visual capabilities allow for better reports. The Background Cell Highlighting feature enables you to change the color of a cell or row to convey additional meaning.

Capitalize on charts and diagrams
Easily create charts in Microsoft Office Excel 2007 or 2003 and diagrams in Microsoft Office Visio Professional 2007 of your project data with the Visual Reports feature. This feature creates report templates that may be reused with different projects. These reports support PivotTable views versus the static snapshots of Project information that the Copy Picture to Office Wizard creates in Excel, Microsoft Office Word, or Microsoft Office PowerPoint.

Get Productive Quickly
Easily assign resources, control finances, and help improve cost estimation.

Follow the Project Guide
Learn to use Project by following the Project Guide, an interactive step-by-step planning aid that helps you quickly master the project management process.

Save time with project templates
Project provides many out-of-the-box templates to help speed the project creation process. A Project template prepopulates task and resource information, formatting, macros, and other project-specific settings. You can send templates to other users via e-mail to share best practices and create consistency. You can also download additional templates from the evolving Microsoft Office Online gallery.

Create your own template
Take advantage of your own best practices by creating your own custom templates. This enables you to reuse an existing project as the basis for future projects.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is an activation method in the instructions however if you have no phone or do not want to phone then use this method; 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5158216

To use .iso files download this; 
http://thepiratebay.org/search/Power%20iso%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/300

The Office 2007 range;   
http://thepiratebay.org/search/Microsoft%20Office%202007%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/300

Microsoft Office 2010 range;       
http://thepiratebay.org/search/Microsoft%20Office%202010%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/300

