Description: LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 combines two of the most beloved franchises to deliver a magical, fun-filled adventure. Based on Harry’s first four books and films — Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire — fans can experience Harry’s first four years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in a new an exciting way. Players will build the adventure from Privet Drive to the Triwizard Tournament in an interactive journey that takes them through some of the most detailed and expansive environments ever created for a LEGO game. Featuring potion-making, spell-casting, puzzle-solving, and more, players of all ages can relive the adventures like never before with the humor and creative customization that is unique to LEGO videogames.

LEGO Harry Potter will allow gamers to play as LEGO versions of Harry Potter,Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, and other characters from the books during their first four years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Players will be able to attend lessons, cast spells, mix potions, fly on broomsticks, and complete tasks to earn house points in Hogwarts Castle, and visit familiar settings like Diagon Alley, the Forbidden Forest, and the village of Hogsmeade.

General Features:
LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 transports players to iconic environments from the Harry Potter books and films and introduces a fun, new way of experiencing the magic of Harry Potter through hilarious cutscenes and new to LEGO gameplay elements such as magical building and spell-casting.
Experience the wonder of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry: attend lessons, interact with the professors, mix potions, fly on broomsticks and complete tasks to collect LEGO studs.
Players have the freedom to select from over 100 playable characters including Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, as well as many other fan favorites.
Explore iconic settings from the wizarding world including Diagon Alley, the Forbidden Forest, the village of Hogsmeade and, of course, Hogwarts castle. LEGO Hogwarts is a grand, immersive 3D environment and the largest, most detailed LEGO game location ever built for everyone to explore and enjoy.
LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 is family friendly gaming at its best. Conjure up fun with a friend and play through Harry’s first four years at Hogwarts as a team with easy drop-in/drop-out co-op play.

Instructions :-

1. Burn or mount the image [Use UltraIso].

2. Install the game.

3. Copy over the cracked content.

4. Play the game.

5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!