Game: Left 4 Dead 2 and Left 4 Dead 1 ( original )
Anti-Cheats: VAC, VAC2, Steambans
Features: Aimbot, ESP, Wallhack, Visuals, Nametags, Removals
Compatibility: Windows XP / Vista / Windows 7


This hack is compatible with both Left 4 Dead 2 and Left 4 Dead 1. For left 4 dead 2, we added additional options such as anti boomer bile, grenade launcher distance checker and support for the new monsters (charger, jockey, spitter )


Features:



Aimbot:

Auto Aim/Auto Shoot
Choose from Customizable activation key.
Choose from different Hitboxes to aim for; Head/Neck/Chest/Waist
Choose to aim through walls or not
Choose how to aim at targets- By distance to you or how close they are to your crosshair
Humanized Aiming - Even though your using a aimbot, it looks legit as a human is aiming


ESP:

Zombie ESP See the position of all regular zombies
Special Zombie ESP See the position of all special zombies (Tank, Boomers, hunters, etc..)
Entity ESP See where all items are (Health, Weapons, Pickups)
Health Tags, Show health of all humans and zombies.
Visual Tags, Shows an icon or frame around enemies to give away their position, even behind walls.
Distance Tags, Show the distance between you and all humans and zombies..


Visual Options:

Crosshair, Select from three different custom crosshairs to make manual aiming easier.
Radar, Render a an on-screen minimap showing all enemies.
Chamz, paints a bright color skin, visible through walls, on both humans and zombies.


Removals:

Select varying degrees of No Spread or No Recoil
Causes all shots fired to be confined to the exact point where your crosshair lies.
NoRecoil : Removes all recoil from your gun, so that it doesn't pull up anymore on pistols, etc...
NoSpread : Removes all bullet spread, so your bullets all go in the same spot, even on full auto


Misc:

Bunny Hop, Hold down space bar to automatically jump continuously.
Auto Pistol, Hold down L-Mouse button or your firing key to turn your pistol into a fully automatic pistol.
Trigger Bot, Lets you be more discreet by only firing when your crosshair hovers over the enemy.