


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Special Announcement -- Special Announcement -- Special Announcement

WORLD PREMIERE SHOWING Download --  Brain-O  -- at  This is a 2 hour and 23 minute movie. One of The Topics will be Satan in The Hollywood Animation Field. Disney, Simpsons, etc.

POtHS - WORLD PREMIERE - * Free High Speed Download

POtHS - Jesus - KING of KINGS - 9 Jesus Movies



I have been uploading torrent Files for about 6 years now. The All Time biggest download I Have had is Jesus of Nazareth from the 1970's. Millions have watched this Premiere production that I keep uploading over and over and every time there are bigger amounts of downloads. Jesus keeps getting bigger and bigger.

Here is a recommendation. Watch the First 3 Parts of Jesus of Nazareth, then replace Part 4 with Mel Gibson's Passion of The Christ. Back in The 70's you could not show the Violence that was imposed on The Body of Jesus Christ. Mel even went a little "Light" on The Violence of The Crucification of Jesus. There are 7 other Jesus Movies besides the 2 already spoken of.

Jesus King of All Kings
Jesus of Nazareth
King of Kings
The Gospel of John
The Greatest Story Ever Told
The Jesus Film Project
The Miracle Maker
The Passion of The Christ
Jesus The Movie






type POtHS in your search window for more info, or just Google POtHS



RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




           thankyou            thankyou            thankyou 