Image Format - ISO w/ mds
Compressed with 7zip http://www.7-zip.org/ to reduce the size from 2+gigs


"Victorious Boxers: Ippo's Road to Glory, known in Japan as Hajime no Ippo: Victorious Boxers (はじめの一歩 VICTORIOUS BOXERS, Hajime no Ippo: Victorious Boxers? lit. "The First Step: Victorious Boxers"), is a Japanese-developed boxing video game created by New Corporation for the Sony PlayStation 2 video game console. It is based on the manga and anime series, Fighting Spirit. Though the original series is very popular in Japan, it is not as widely known in the United States, (US). The game was released in Japan on December 14, 2000 and in North America in November 5, 2001.

The game features a mix of simulation and arcade style boxing. The storyline, which unfolds in the story mode, takes place in six different, linear segments that originally overlapped in the manga. The game's fights mirrored the fights from the manga series. The beginning of the game focuses on Ippo Makunouchi's rise to the Japanese Featherweight championship, and later switches to Ippo's fellow gym mates' careers.

Victorious Boxers was the first Fighting Spirit video game on the PlayStation 2 and met with a mixed reception. It was commercially successful in Japan, but did poorly in the US. Victorious Boxers received positive review scores, though aspects of the game were both criticized and praised. The visual style and graphics were poorly received, while industry experts considered to be "one the most technically accurate representation of the sport of boxing". From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victorious_Boxers:_Ippo's_Road_to_Glory

Developer- New Corporation

Publisher(s) JP Entertainment Software Publishing
EU / NA Empire Interactive

Distributor(s) NA Vivendi Universal

Designer(s) Ryuta Aoyagi (total director, planning)
Kazuya Furukawa (lead programmer)
Ooshi Kuru (modelling director)
Yasushi Maekawa (motion director)

Platform(s) Playstation 2

Release date(s) JP December 14, 2000
EU September 21, 2001
NA November 5, 2001

Genre(s) Sports, fighting game

Mode(s) Single-player, two-player

Rating(s) ESRB: T (Teen)

Media 1 DVD-ROM

Input methods Dual Shock 2 controller