
Norwegian House mixes

BOOKING:
ABROAD: lisa@discotecamusic.com

NORWAY: ERIK.MOLTHE@GMAIL.COM


balErik is one of the leading djs in the Oslo underground house scene. He started djing in 2001 and has been doing regular
nights around Oslo since then. One of balEriks nights, Dirty Grooves, got nominated best clubnight of the year
2 years in a row in an online clubbingmagazine aswell as being nominated dj of the year 3 times in same magazine,
and he is on his 5th year recidency at club sikamikanico, the longest running house club in Oslo into its 11th year in 2009.
He has played with some of the best djs in the world, Desyn Masiello, Omid16B, Demi, Danny Howells, Rowan Blades,
Seamus Haji, Luke Fair, Nic Fanciulli, Audiofly, Yousef etc. and his blend of deep house to driving techno music has
taken him to gigs in some special cities around the world, such as Turnmills in London, Murmansk in Russia,
Warsaw & Schezin in Poland, Pula & Rijeka in Croatia, San Francisco & Miami in Usa, Sofia in Bulgaria,
Helsinki in Finland, Stockholm & Gothenburg in Sweden, Riga, Daugapils and Balvi in Latvia.

On his spare time he is making music, hunting for tunes, doing edits and special remixes which has gained
support from from Digweed, Deep Dish to Behrouz and Nic Fanciulli ++, and recently signed an EP with his
partner Vadim Yershov to the Timewriters Plastic City label from Germany.

Aswell as do work as A+R scout for the infamous Alternative route record label from the UK, where its his
job to find the unsigned diamonds for the future. In 2007 he set up a new digital label, Discoteca Music,
with his mates Dana Bergquist, Tom Morgan, Luke Fair and Somnus corp. The label just reached its 11th
release and is getting stronger and stronger, with future releases being featured on renaissance and
global underground compilations.

More tunes are in the process and a new recidency in Oslo + gigs abroad lined up, are making things look
rather good for balErik in 2009. www.balErik.com
