Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Luther Vandross is the self-titled twelfth studio album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross and his debut album on J Records, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music). The song "Any Day Now" received a nomination for "Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance" at the 2003 Grammy Awards. Parts of "Take You Out" were interpolated by Jay-Z on "Excuse Me Miss" off his 2002 album The Blueprint²: The Gift & the Curse. On Vandross posthumous single, "Got You Home" was also part of the line of the same name on the compilation album The Ultimate Luther Vandross which was four years after his death on July 1, 2005. Luther Vandross, the self-titled album was the only release on J Records during his lifetime; Vandross was suffered a stroke just 4 days before his 52nd Birthday prior to the release of his landmark album, Dance With My Father (2003).

Luther Vandross (April 20, 1951 – July 1, 2005) was an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter, and record producer. During his career, Vandross sold over twenty-five million albums and won eight Grammy Awards including Best Male R&B Vocal Performance four times. He won four Grammy Awards in 2004 including the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for the track "Dance with My Father", co-written with Richard Marx.

Vandross attended Western Michigan University for a year before dropping out to continue pursuing a career in music.

His next hit credit was on an album by Roberta Flack in 1972. He was the founder of the first-ever Patti LaBelle fan club. Luther also sang on Delores Hall's Hall-Mark album from 1973. He sang with her on the song "Who's Gonna Make It Easier for Me," which he wrote. He also contributed another song, "In This Lonely Hour." Having co-written "Fascination" for David Bowie's Young Americans, he went on to tour with him as a back-up vocalist in September 1974. Vandross wrote "Everybody Rejoice" for the 1975 Broadway musical The Wiz and appeared as a choir member in the movie.

Vandross also sang backing vocals for Diana Ross, Roberta Flack, Carly Simon, Chaka Khan, Todd Rundgren's Utopia, Donna Summer, Bette Midler, Chic, Barbra Streisand, and David Bowie.

Before his breakthrough, Vandross was part of a singing quintet in the late '70s named Luther, consisting of former Shades of Jade members Anthony Hinton and Diane Sumler, Theresa V. Reed, and Christine Wiltshire, signed to Cotillion Records. Although the singles "It's Good for the Soul," "Funky Music (Is a Part of Me)," and "The Second Time Around" were relatively successful, their two albums, the self-titled Luther (1976) and This Close to You (1977), didn't sell enough to make the charts. Vandross bought back the rights to these albums after Cotillion dropped the group, preventing their later re-release.

Vandross also wrote and sang commercial jingles during the late 1970s and early 1980s, and continued his successful career as a popular session singer during the late 1970s.

Luther also sang lead vocals for a disco band called Greg Diamond's Bionic Boogie on the song titled "Hot Butterfly." Luther also sang with the band Soirée, where he was the lead vocalist on the track "You Are the Sunshine of My Life," and contributed background vocals to the album along with Jocelyn Brown and Sharon Redd, each of whom also saw solo success.He also sung the lead vocals on the group Mascara LP title song " See you in L.A" released in 1979. Luther shines with his impeccable singing supported by group's co-members David Lalsey and Ula Hedwig.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/