Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 6 of 6 
Audio CD: August 3, 2004 
Original Release Date: 1979 
Label: Bear Family, Import; Boxed Set; Germany 
Format: Box set 
Quality: 192 kbps

Uncle Dave Macon -- "The Dixie Dewdrop" -- is a pivotal artist in early country music.  Influenced early in life by circus and vaudeville performers who passed through his family's hotel in Nashville, Dave was exposed to many styles of performance and in 1885 he met banjo player Joel Davidson and became captivated by the instrument.  By the 1890s, Dave was entertaining stagecoach passengers with banjo tunes and comic antics from a homemade stage on the roof of the family's barn. 

Uncle Dave Macon was one of the first country stars to record, the first star of the Grand Ole Opry, and one of the first members elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Possibly one of the finest sets out.  If you want to really understand the depth of early country music, then you must have this set.  Macon had all the styles and showmanship that influenced everyone from Charlie Poole to Bill Monroe.  Every single song that was ever issued by Macon is contained on this set and the book is an incredible read. Most recommended! ~ Ben Dewberry

This is the best box set for the hardcore Uncle Dave Macon fan.  If you want to hear live tracks you have never had access to, and if you want to find out what the older tracks that were only released on 78 rpm are all about, you need this box!  The book is wonderful with newly found photos and a very detailed discography of the recordings! Probably, a little too rich for the casual fan. ~ M. Bailey

Please see for more information - Schon55 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Dave_Macon

Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 6 of 6
01  For Goodness Sakes Don't Say I Told You
02  We Need A Change In Business All Around
03  Susie Lee
04  Mister Johnson
05  Farm Relief
06  Uncle Dave's Travels, Part 3 (In And Around Nashville)
07  Since Baby's Learned To Talk
08  Uncle Dave's Travels, Part 4 (Visit At The Old Maid's)
09  Over The Mountain
10  Hush Little Baby Don't You Cry
11  Uncle Dave's Travels, Part 1 (Misery In Arkansas)
12  Uncle Dave's Travels, Part 2 (Around Louisville, KY)
13  Tennessee Red Fox Chase
14  The Wreck Of The Tennessee Gravy Train
15  Oh Baby, You Done Me Wrong
16  She's Got The Money Too
17  Oh Lovin' Babe
18  Mysteries Of The World
19  Come On Buddie, Don't You Want To Go
20  Go On, Nora Lee
21  Was You There When They Took My Lord Away
22  Thank God For Everything
23  When The Train Comes Along
24  Tennessee Tornado
25  Don't Get Weary Children
26  He's Up With The Angels Now