Dear fellow pirates. I´m really sorry. I see now why nobody could start seed my first Jessye Norman torrent. Something went wrong. On Force Re-Check of my first torrent it stopped at 99,9 %. I haven´t got a clue of what 0,1 % piece that´s missing.

So I hope this will work to 100 % so there can be a little action on the seeding. Download this and keep seeding. Long live piracy.




1992  Jessye Norman: Classics
Decca Philips DDD AAD*

1  *Jessye Norman, New Philharmonia Orchestra, Lamberto Gardelli  - Verdi Il Corsare: "Egli non riede ancora!" - "Non so le tetre immagini"
2  *Jessye Norman, Dalton Baldwin  - Poulenc: " Les chemins de l'amour"
3  *Jessye Norman, BBC Symphony Orchestra, Sir Colin Davis  - Mozart: Le Nozze Di Figaro - E Suanna Non Vien!
4  Jessye Norman, Orchestre National De France, Seiji Ozawa  - Bizet Carmen: "Non! tu ne m'aime pas!"
5  Jessye Norman, Gewandhausorchester Leipzig, Kurt Masur  - Strauss Ariadne auf Naxos: "Es gibt ein Reich"
6  Jessye Norman, English Chamber Orchestra, Raymond Leppard  - Purcell: Dido & Aeneas - Thy Hand Belinda … When I Am Laid In Earth
7  Jessye Norman, Geoffrey Parsons - Schubert: Auf Dem See, D 543
8  *Jessye Norman, London Symphony Orchestra, Sir Colin Davis  - Berlioz Les nuits d'été, op 7 : "L'ile inconnue"
9  *Jessye Norman, Geoffrey Parsons  - Brahms Op. 43, No. 1: "Von ewiger Liebe"
10  Jessye Norman, Boston Symphony Orchestra, Seiji Ozawa  - Mahler Kindertotenlieder: "Oft denk' ich, sie sind nur ausgegangen"
11  Jessye Norman, Gewandhausorchester Leipzig, Kurt Masur  - Strauss (R): Vier Letzte Lieder - 1. Frühling (Hesse)
12  Jessye Norman, The Boston Pops Orchestra, John Williams  - Love Is Here To Stay
13  Jessye Norman, Christopher Bowers-Broadbent - Schubert: "Ave Maria"
14  Jessye Norman, The Ambrosian Singers, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Sir Alexander Gibson  - Gounod Messe solennelle de Sainte Cécile: "Sanctus"
  
http://catalogue.deccaclassics.com/tracklist.p3p?product_id=20012401279


Jessye Norman
From Wikipedia

Jessye Norman (born September 15, 1945) is a four-time Grammy Award-winning American opera singer. Norman is one of the most admired contemporary opera singers and recitalists, and is one of the highest paid performers in classical
music. A true dramatic soprano with a majestic stage presence, Norman is associated in particular with the roles of Aïda, Cassandre, Alceste, and Leonora in Fidelio. Norman is known for the direct and emotionally expressive qualities of her singing and for her formidable intellectual understanding of the music and its style, as well as first-rate musicianship. As a performer, she is known for her magnetic and dramatic personality, and, with her imposing physical presence, cuts an impressive figure before audiences. According to Curt Sanburn in Life, Norman on stage creates the perception of one who "veritably looms behind her lyrics." Norman's public manner combines an apparent hauteur with flashes of disarming humor, putting her squarely in the venerable operatic tradition of the Diva, to the extent that many credit her as the inspiration for the title character in the 1981 French film Diva.