 http://www.torrentday.com - The Hottest Scene xXx on the Web.

 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Your Key To The Scene.


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                 `high!HoA           
                           
          
  
  
                
                          
               
                       
                                      
       
                                           
                                                                          
           . . .: P O R N O L A T i O N : P R E S E N T S :. . .             

 Title         : Asses of Face Destruction 8 (c) Evil-Angel
 Release date  : Mar 20 2010
 Store Release : Mar 18 2010

 Size          : 2 CDs (49x15mb - 49x15mb)
 Source Format : NTSC DVD
 Format        : XviD
 Resolution    : 512 x 384
 Audio         : VBR MP3

 Language      : English (US)
 Category      : Fetish
 URL           : http://www.game-port.com/justrele.htm
                                                                             
                                                                  
    RELEASE  INFO    
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                             

 Scene 1: Kati Summers looks like the blue-eyed blonde next-door - if you
 happen to live by a hot, dominant face-sitter. She's cute with her natural
 tits, shamrock tattoo by her thigh and bejeweled belly button, but she means
 business. The scene starts in POV-style, with Kati teasing you with her body,
 looking into the camera eye and imploring you to worship her. Pervy Jason
 stares rudely as she lifts weights, so she sits him on the weight bench and,
 still in her workout shorts, sits on his face. His pathetic effort on the
 treadmill earns him the sting of the flogger, and once Kati nudes up, the
 real punishment happens. She grinds and bounces her butt on his face, forcing
 his nose up her ass. "God, I love having an ass slave ... a pervert under me.
 I can train him well," she declares. After a thorough smothering she looks
 back into the camera and says, "This could be you, slave."

 Scene 2: Natural-bodied, dirty blonde Kirra Lynne looks wicked in heels,
 thigh-high black latex stockings and gloves. Her tattoos and the gap in her
 teeth give her an endearing but dangerous look. Teasing and taunting the
 viewer, she flirts breathily and flaps her shapely ass cheeks hypnotically.
 "This is your dream, slave," she asserts, and we see her bouncing on the
 sweaty face of slave Bubba, his tongue pressing firmly in her groove. Next
 she's dominating cellophane-bound slave Jason. As he orally services her hot
 holes she forces him to say, "Your pussy and ass are better than my wife's,"
 and she makes him commit to daily service.

 Scene 3: Naked save for heels and slutty hoop earrings, longhaired Alexis
 Breeze shows off natural tits and a broad, fleshy ass. In her L.A. Latina
 accent she orders you to worship her ass and lick her asshole, but soon her
 shit-talking comes in spicy Spanish spasms. She rides slave Bubba's face and
 slaps his dick, which she claims as her own with no fight from the wimp. Still
 in his socks, he jacks off and sucks her asshole. Alexis rides his dick as she
 yanks on his leash and slaps his face. He eats her holes and pledges his loyalty
 to her holes as he masturbates.

 Scene 4: Nasty Sandra Romain takes the dominant role and blonde Barbara Summer
 is the submissive. The ladies share palpable passion for severe face-sitting and
 ass worship, punctuated by filthy talk. Sandra picturesquely presses her ass
 cheeks around the face of Barbara, who slides her tongue into the Mistress'
 groove. "Don't cheat. Just open your eyes when you want to breathe," says Sandra,
 and, "I'm not gonna let you take a shower after this, so you'll have my smell
 everywhere." Among rim jobs and wet, genuine kisses, Sandra's sweet nothings
 continue: "You don't know how much I hate you ... how much bad stuff I talk about
 you, you fucking piece of shit." And with that Barbara's head is yanked
 energetically up Sandra's ass.

 Scene 5: Dirty blonde Nikki Sexx brings her huge ass to bleached blonde Cali
 Haze, who sports gigantic natural knockers. Cali perches over Nikki: "Suck,
 slave. Worship that fucking shit," says Cali. "You fuckin' belong underneath
 my fuckin' pussy, slave." That leads to a vigorous face-sitting complete with
 tasty rim job. Nikki eats Cali from behind, the better to view and taste all
 Cali has to offer. And the girls kiss goodbye.

 Starring: Barbara Summer, Cali Haze, Kati Summers, Kirra Lynne, Nikki Sexx,
           Sandra Romain, Alexis Breeze, Bubba, Jason.

                                                                             
                                                                  
        NEWS         
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                             
 We Release Movies For Free. We Do It For Fun, And We Do It For No Profit
 Except The Satisfaction Of Spreading The Wealth.

 WE DO NOT ACCEPT MONEY BRIBES
 WE DO NOT GIVE YOU LINKS OR FILL FILES FOR OUR RELEASES !!
 WE DO NOT RUN WWW LINK NOR AN IRC CHANNEL NEVER EVER !!
 WE DO NOT PROVIDE HELP FOR MISSING FILES / BAD FILES
 WE DO NOT CONDONE SELLING MOVIES FOR PROFIT <-- BAD !!
 WE DO NOT NEED COURIERS

 IRC  : NEVER EVER.
 WWW  : NEVER EVER.

                                                                             
                                                                  
      EDITORIAL      
                                              
                                                                          

                                                                          http://www.javno.com/en/world/clanak.php?id=164168


                                                                             
                                                                  
       MEMBERS       
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                             

 Here in Pornolation Nation, we pride ourselves on our outstanding crew,
 dedicated and willing to do whatever it takes. That includes, but is not
 limited to, testing all our releases with 10lbs. of crisco and a box of
 Kleenex, testing all our releases on our girlfriends and wives (if they
 run away screaming and refuse to have sex with us for a week, it's a good
 release... a month, it's outstanding), testing all our releases on a gay
 guy (if he doesn't turn straight, it's not worth releasing) and testing all
 our releases on P****** of R****** (if he likes it, it's just *wrong* and
 we will never release it).
                                                                             
                                                                  
      GREETINGS      
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                             

 Pornolation Nation salutes the competition.

                                                                             
                                                                  
     DISCLAIMER      
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                             


 We actually love women. Please, please, please, don't let me sleep on the
 couch tonight, L!

 We bought this release. Support the adult industry, help put Vivid and VCA
 out of their misery, buy it you, too, if you enjoyed it (Jill Kelly needs
 to get on this list, as well, we think).

 Pornolation Nation are not responsible for any harm, actual or hypocondric,
 caused by watching this release. Known side effects are prolonged priapism,
 pronounced musculature on either or both forearms, callused palms and
 related relationship disorders.

 No pornsluts were harmed in the making of this release. Contrary to popular
 belief, do not have one or more fingers or other external digits in the
 mouth of a pornslut when you shove a big dildo up her ass. She will bite
 down. It hurts.

                                                                             
                                                                  
     FINAL WORDS     
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                             

 Having more sex reduces the chance of erectile dysfunction, provides stress
 release, and more than a dozen other benefits

                                                                             
                                                                    
        
                                           
                                                                          
                -[ ASCii By `high24[7 @ HighOnASCii 2006 ]-