ARTIST: Workers
TITLE: Workers
LABEL: Bleeding Death Records
GENRE: Alt. Rock
BITRATE: 201kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 47m total
RELEASE DATE: 2009-02-09
RIP DATE: 2009-08-03

Track List
----------
1.  Revolutions                      4:45
2.  Go                               3:51
3.  Invitation                       4:58
4.  Trinidad & Tobago                4:31
5.  Spark                            5:48
6.  Human Resources                  3:57
7.  French Figure                    3:46
8.  Funeral                          6:28
9.  A Heartbeat                      3:02
10. Circulation                      6:49

Release Notes:

Workers - Workers
Record Label: Bleeding Death Records
Release Date: February 9, 2009


Bono may have a God complex, but Jeremy Johnson should have a Bono complex.
Actually, the rest of his band (all two of them) should feel great about
themselves, because their grasp for what can and should fill the room goes
beyond making one guitar sound like three. It's what makes Workers a huge and
fine rock alternative beast. Instantly obvious with album opener, "Revolutions",
Louisville, KY's Workers make brassy arena-able rock with a frontman that sounds
just as huge as the instruments that sound behind him. Johnson’s handsome
wailing compliments the whammy riffage of tracks like "Invitation", but that's
only one faucet.

Up until track four, titled "Trinidad & Tobago", it's easy to (affectionately)
throw Workers into to same category as bands like U2, Keane and Coldplay, but a
My Bloody Valentine reference? Seems a little left field, huh? Not that the
crossover is far-fetched - shoegaze (the band compares themselves to The Jesus
and Mary Chain) and arena rock both make big ass music - but to see a band (and
a relatively unknown one at that) do such with such ease, conviction and
personality is just comfy. Granted, "Trinidad & Tobago" (or other droners
"Funeral" and "Circulation") is less illustrated than anything on Isn't
Anything, but the fuzzy atmosphere of feedback and distortion is at the
forefront. Even more exciting is "Human Resources", a strutting indie-popish
number with a chorus-hook combo that's bouncy and memorable, and yet it's still
Workers.

The few tracks that don't capture the band's agility for flexing, pulling from
and drawing close big-rock genres aren't blemishes, but they mess with the flow
that's been flowing so well. Steam is lost with hesitating hipster joint "French
Figure 8" and then follower, "Funeral". No matter - the album's partly acoustic
slow track "A Heartbeat" is a break in tempo that refocuses Workers' shtick.
When stripped down to just a (literal) heartbeat and honeyed coos, the song is
simple and captivating. What does pimple pock the album's stately vibe are the
lyrics, which are - at best - too basic and meaningless when sitting pretty next
to their sonic parents. Thankfully, all that distortion drowns out the boring
lines that rhyme too much until later listens, but this compromises the album's
lasting value.

This isn't a new band. Formerly known as Your Black Star, Workers is the
rejuvenated version of the same group. Three previous releases - starting from a
split EP in 2004 - to make up their disco, and it takes a name change to get an
inspired Workers. The difference between what happened then and what we hear now
is almost right. Workers has the fluidity of effects, Johnson's Bono firmness
and silken production coming together as a whole. Almost there.


RIYL: Coldplay, Keane, Muse, U2, The Killers

