Optimize your PC!!

Auslogics BoostSpeed - the ideal solution to speed up your computer and Internet connection. This powerful Windows optimizer will boost internet connections, tweak Windows to its peak performance, clean and defrag disks and the registry. It's a great way to speed up your PC and keep it clean and optimized.
Start programs faster. Speed up computer start time. Increase Internet speed, optimize your Internet Explorer, Firefox and E-mail programs. Boost Speed will clean up disks and the Registry to speed up your computer and tweak Windows to its peak performance. Modify Windows settings, file system and services to greatly  increase system performance. BoostSpeed will keep monitoring your system for possible optimizations and let you know if such optimizations are possible. You can also run the System Optimization Wizard to periodically optimize your PC.

Key Benefits:
boost speed of your PC in just a few minutes
speed up Internet for faster browsing and downloads
clean the registry to make your computer more stable
clean the disks of your PC for higher system performance
boost programs such as MS Office, Media Player, etc.

BoostSpeed Integrator
BoostSpeed Integrator provides you with computer optimization and security summary, prompting you to take actions when needed. Use Tasks menu on the left to launch various BoostSpeed tools to clean-up, optimize and secure your computer.

Disk Defrag
A new and improved version of Disk Defrag is now part of Auslogics BoostSpeed. You don't need to have Disk Defrag installed as a separate program anymore. Simply download and install new Auslogics BoostSpeed 4 and enjoy an integrated version of Disk Defrag on your computer.

Speed Up Internet
Internet Optimization wizard is now easier to use, provides more information and is more powerful than before. Unlike other similar programs, Auslogics Internet Optimizer will first test your connection settings before applying any changes.

One-Button Checkup
If you don't have time to go through many tools in Auslogics BoostSpeed, but need a quick fix of major problems, use One-Button Checkup instead. This safe and fast program will clean and optimize your disk and the registry, as well as protect your computer.

Disk Cleaner
Disk Cleaner, Registry Cleaner and Track Eraser are all built to scan and clean your computer, removing junk files, broken registry keys and sensitive information. Novice users will find them easy to use, and power users will be delighted by the amount of customization available.

Uninstall Manager
The new version features greatly improved Uninstall and Startup Managers. Both can be used to improve your computer performance. Both have an edge over standard Windows tools and competitors by rating your software and giving you a Vista-style quick search.

Tweak Manager
You can speed up, optimize and customize your computer, web browser, e-mail client and IM software using our award-winning Auslogics Tweak Manager. It allows you to search for tweaks, to see tweak rating (telling you how much effect a tweak has on your computer performance).

Compatible with Windows 7/Vista/2008/XP/2000/2003.

Changes in Version 4.5.14.260 (08/04/2009):
This service pack fixes issues found in version 4.5 and improves program stability.
    analysis and cleanup of Internet Explorer cache is now much faster
    fixed a ExeFile registry key problem causing its incorrect cleanup
    fixed a Disk Defrag bug causing it to hang on start up on some computers
    fixed a Disk Defrag bug causing an error on program shutdown
    added support for multiple CPUs in the Task Manager process affinity control
    improved Duplicate File Finder support of removable and CD disk drives
    improved Internet Optimizer compatibility with certain firewalls
    improved Tweak Manager’s usability under low display resolution