FTV Girls - Anna & Amber - Girl Intimacy

Anna's Comments:  I like wearing pink and matching lipstick.  I like being cute for my lover and I like it when she is turned on by me and she's touching my legs, arms, shoulders etc...  I like it when she stares at me and I get all shy about it and she calls me pouty lip girl.  I like the fact that she enjoys my body and thinks I'm sexy, and that I can turn her on.  The photographer interviewed us for a while and it was the first time where we were interacting with the camera more than with each other.  I like how this stuff is shot, like the fact that its about us, and not some guy trying to impose his style or direction on what we do.  I'm not totally new to modeling, I was doing some stuff when I was fourteen, and more recently I did some foot fetish modeling for this private collector guy in Portland.  You'll probably never see it on the internet because I think he just shot it for himself.  Our feet are about the same size, and look the same, so for a second I didn't know which one was my feet when I watched the video!  We have oral sex all the time, sure, but most of the time when we're in the bed, and want to go to sleep, we grind our pussies together and I think that makes me feel even closer to her sometimes.  I remember doing that the first time when I was twelve and it felt good but I felt like I was doing something bad.  So the next time I did it was when I had sex with Amber.  Its easy to do and when we're done we can just fall into each others' arms and go to sleep, like we did in the video.  So thanks for watching us, we really enjoyed the experience, and wanted to share.
Amber's Comments: I had never been on a large plane before. Anna totally reassured me on the plane- I love that about her. And truly, it was fun. I don't know how she slept, though it was nice to just cuddle with her even if I didn't get much beauty rest. The anticipation! We arrived at the mall and our first stop was the outdoor cafe. We sat there talking and teasing each other; I could hardly keep my hands off Anna's long legs. When a guy sat off to the other side of us, I knew he had to be getting quite a little show. Honestly, it made me even more excited thinking that we were making him horny. Anna and I went to go sit by the fountain and we were feeling so sexy kissing and touching each other in public. We got a little daring to say the least... I could feel that her panties were getting so warm, I knew that kissing her titties by the fountain was making her wet.
While we were waiting at the crosswalk we playfully kissed each other and some men in business suits across the way were obviously enjoying their smoking hot afternoon break. We were so turned on that we got a little wild and did super naughty things in the parking lot. We were so into each other that we were caught off guard by a guy going back to his car, he asked if he could take a pic with his phone. I can't believe that we didn't stop what we were doing! I wonder if he forwarded it to all his friends.... Wow that turns me on. In fact, it kinda even turns me on that we got caught by a security guard that pulled up fast like CSI or some shit. Of course, we were respectful of his wishes and all that jazz; it's cool, I don't want to make the evening news. I am still a buzz with excitement from it all.
After all the teasing, and the excitement from our risky public fun, we couldn't stop there just because we had to leave the mall. We took a little walk up to an area overlooking the city, we were pretty much all alone, except for being past by a jogger on his way back down. It felt so good to feel the sun on my skin. It felt even better to have Anna's kisses run up my thigh. Mmmm. What an amazing day! 

Screens (also in torrent):
 
http://kopimg.com/images/kopi_362_girlintimacy1_preview.jpg

File Size ------- 0.99gb
Length ---------- 27:24
Resolution ------ 1440x816
Container ------- mkv
Video Codec ----- x264
Audio Codec ----- mp3
Frame Rate ------ 30

p h a t w a r e z . t k
Thanks to (anonymous) for the generous seedbox donation.