Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo except PG logo at beginning.


"The Truth" is the title of a country music song written by Brett James and Ashley Monroe, and recorded by two different artists. It was first recorded by Trent Willmon on his 2008 album Broken In, and one year later by Jason Aldean on his album Wide Open. Aldean's version was released to radio on September 28, 2009 as the third single from the album, following the Number One hits "She's Country" and "Big Green Tractor."

The music video, directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions, premiered to CMT on November 10, 2009. The video pictures Aldean mailing a letter, then getting on a bus. He gets off at a motel and checks in, then goes out to sit by the pool as some people come outside to the pool, including some kids to swim, until it starts raining, and Aldean stays there and continues singing. Even though the video is supposed to have a summer-like setting, it was actually filmed on a cold day in October, according to Aldean on a segment on CMT's Top 20 Countdown with Lance Smith back in late 2009.

The song was met with generally positive reviews. Sam Gazdziak of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs-up, with his review saying that it "may be the most country-sounding song he’s ever released," also making note of Aldean's "understated vocal." Bobby Peacock of Roughstock also gave a positive review, saying that its production was "dialed down" and more neotraditionalist country in sound, compared to Aldean's more rock music-influenced songs such as "She's Country." He also described Aldean's vocal performance favorably.

On the week ending November 21, 2009, "The Truth" debuted at #91 on the Billboard Hot 100 and moved up the following week to #78. It has since reached a peak of #40. It became his fourth Number One song on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart week of February 6, 2010. at #86 on Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of March 4, 2010.

"The Truth" is a mid-tempo in which a male looks at his failing relationship, asking his (ex)girlfriend not to tell others "the truth" about it. The final line reveals that the "truth" is that he still needs her.

The song was recorded by Trent Willmon on his 2008 album Broken In before Aldean recorded it for his third studio album, 2009's Wide Open. Regarding the song, Aldean told the website Country Standard Time, "This is one of those songs that I heard the first time and knew I wanted to cut[…]He's basically begging[…]saying 'make up whatever story you want, tell 'em I left town or whatever you need to say[…]just don't tell 'em the truth.' I don't know a guy who hasn't been through that before."

Ashley Monroe told Country Weekly magazine that she began writing the song with Brett James after having dinner at his house. She was "missing a boy" at the time, and used her former relationship as the inspiration for the song. She and James thought that it would be "more interesting to write about stuff that's not the truth, rather than the truth itself." James said that he enjoyed Aldean's recording because "he sounds just like the character I had in mind when I hear him sing it."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/