Date:
 07-19-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Michael Cremo, Mitch Battros 
 


Unorthodox researcher Michael Cremo discussed his continuing work in forbidden archaeology, exploring the artifacts and discoveries that don't fit into conventional timelines and theories. He first encountered the idea of "extreme human antiquity" while studying the ancient wisdom traditions, particularly the ancient Sanskrit texts of India. "I found hundreds of reports of archaeological evidence...human bones, human artifacts, and human footprints many millions of years old," he detailed. For instance, Mary Leakey discovered human footprints 3.5 million years old that are very much like modern human footprints, in contrast to the fossil skeleton of "Lucy," from around the same era which has feet that are more ape-like. This type of evidence led Cremo to conclude that Darwinian evolution was wrong, and that Homo sapiens co-existed with earlier proto-humans. 

He shared details about William Meister's discovery of an apparent human shoe print in a slab of rock in Utah which also contained a crushed trilobite fossil in the bottom of the print. Cremo noted that such trilobites date back to a period of around 600 million years ago. Even more ancient are metallic balls with grooved sides found in an African mine, which are over 2 billion years old, he said. 

Cremo also spoke about "vimanas," flying craft described in ancient Sanskrit. Some of the vehicles were constructed of metal and were seen in the physical dimension, while others were made of more subtle essences and traveled in ethereal realms, he recounted. According to the 20th century channeled book Vaimanika Shastra some of the vimanas had mercury-based propulsion systems. A text from around 1,000 years ago on ancient Indian architecture supports this notion, and also described the ancient use of robots, he noted. 

Oil Spill Update
First hour guest, Earth changes expert Mitch Battros talked about the latest developments with the oil spill. He believes the well will have to be uncapped because too much pressure/seepage is occurring within the six-mile reservoir of oil/gas. BP would prefer to keep it capped as long as possible as this saves them money, he added. 


Website(s):
forbiddenarcheology.com
humandevolution.com
earthchangesmedia.com
Book(s):
Forbidden Archeology
Forbidden Archeology's Impact
Human Devolution
Solar Rain
Global Warming: A Convenient Disguise