Date:
 05-24-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Bill Waggoner, Daniel Estulin 
 
Coast to Coast AM - 05-24-10 - Internet Privacy & Bilderberg Group

In the first half of the show, Internet security and marketing expert, Bill Waggoner discussed privacy on the Internet and how people's personal information is vulnerable, as well as his own controversial background. The author of Confessions of a Spam King, he spoke in front of the Federal Trade Commission in 2003, to help differentiate spam from email marketing (Waggoner said that what he did fell in the latter camp, and was not illegal). Internet companies like Google, Microsoft, and Facebook, are collecting users' personal information or scanning their emails and using it for purposes they haven't agreed to such as targeted advertising, he declared. 

Further, social networks like Facebook and Twitter are being surveyed by criminals, who can use status updates to determine if a person isn't home, and then potentially rob their houses, Waggoner asserted. Additionally, Facebook owns all the data and photos posted on their site, and has not been forthcoming about protecting people's privacy, he noted. 

--------------------------------------------------


In the second half of the program, investigative journalist Daniel Estulin reported on the clandestine activities of the Bilderberg Group, who will soon be holding a meeting in Spain. On June 1, 2010, he'll make history, being the first journalist to give an address on the Bilderberg Group in the European Parliament in Brussels. "Bilderberg isn't a secret society...it's a medium of bringing together the world's most powerful and most predatory financial interests. And at this time it is that combination that is the worst enemy of humanity," he stated. Among the members are CEOs of the leading corporations, bankers, and European royalty, he said, adding that it's not so much about a New World Order, but rather a "one-world company limited...the control of corporations at the expense of government." 

"Bilderberg is positioning itself to destroy the United States dollar," Estulin revealed, citing a source who is a US Bilderberg delegate. He also talked about his new book, Shadow Masters, which draws connections between governments and secret service agencies (like the CIA) working together with drug dealers and terrorists for their mutual benefit. 


Website(s):
•888freedom.com
•danielestulin.com
Book(s):
•The True Story of the Bilderberg Group
•Shadow Masters