File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:00

[Video]
Resolution : 1272x720
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 25.00
BitRate : 2132 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.10 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"One" is a song by American singer-songwriter Sky Ferreira taken from her upcoming debut album. The song was released on August 23, 2010, as the first European single from the album.

The music is directed by photographer Rankin and was released to the Parlophone YouTube channel on 2 July, 2010. The scenes are mostly close-ups of Ferreira in a red outfit on a flashing floor, singing into a shadeless lamp in a white room, jumping in slow motion, and pulling on a white parachute.

"One" was written by Sky Ferreira and Marit Bergman in less than 30 minutes. and produced by Bloodshy & Avant, responsible forSpears hits such as "Toxic", "Piece of Me" and "Radar". Sky described the song's meaning as "being numb and wanting to feel love, happiness, sadness—anything, really. It’s kind of like the Tin Man wanting a heart." In an interview with DigitalSpy, Sky further explained the meaning behind "One" as "It's about being in a relationship where you're ignored - any type of relationship, not necessarily romantic. It's about that point where you don't feel anything - you don't feel happy, you don't feel sad, but you want to feel something... There's always someone in a relationship who wants more attention and starts trying too hard to please the other person. The thing is, the more you try to please that person, the less effort they make because they know you'll do anything they want. It's that stage I'm singing about on 'One'."

"One" entered the UK Singles Chart on August 29, 2010 at #64.

Sky Ferreira (born July 8, 1992), is a Portuguese-American singer–songwriter and actress.

At the age of 15, Ferreira would promote her music at clubs located in Los Angeles.

Ferreira signed to Parlophone in July 2009. She subsequently appeared in the video for "Pop the Glock" by Uffie and starred in the 2010 film Putty Hill directed by Matthew Porterfield. In June 2010, Ferreira appeared on the cover of Jalouse magazine after being featured in Dazed & Confused, Interview, Purple and Nylon. Ferreira is due to star in an upcoming Diesel campaign with Kristin Prim, which will be her first major advertising appearance.

Ferreira will release her yet untitled debut album January 11, 2011 in the US. The album took nearly four years to complete. "One", the album's first European single was released on June 1, 2010. The song was performed on numerous live performances, but failed to make a major impact on the charts, peaking at number sixty-four. "Obsession", the album's first North American single was released on September 14, 2010. The song is featured on the Vampire Diaries soundtrack. "Obsession" has so far failed to chart on any official music charts.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/