Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Bathroom Wall" is a song taken from Faster Pussycat's first album Faster Pussycat released in 1987. Like much of the band's material from the album, it has a comedy side and deals with graffiti left on a bathroom stall wall that Taime Downe saw backstage at a gig the band were playing prior to getting signed. The single's B-side song "Cathouse" was written about the "Cathouse club" in Los Angeles, a club owned by vocalist Taime Downe and future Headbangers Ball VJ Riki Rachtman.

Faster Pussycat is the debut album of the band of the same name. The album rose to #97 on the Billboard 200 chart.

Faster Pussycat is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California formed in 1986.

The group was most successful during the late 1980s with their self-titled debut album and their 1989 gold album Wake Me When It's Over.

The band released their debut album Faster Pussycat in 1987, the same year Guns N' Roses released Appetite for Destruction. Although Guns N' Roses would overshadow Faster Pussycat in album sales, the band managed to build a cult following and put out several promotional videos from the first album for songs such as "Cathouse", "Bathroom Wall" and "Don't Change That Song". In the United States the band toured with Alice Cooper, David Lee Roth, and Motörhead in support of the album.

Also in 1987, Faster Pussycat appeared in the Rockumentary film, The Decline of Western Civilization part 2 - The Metal Years. The band was interviewed at some length and performed live versions of "Cathouse" and "Bathroom Wall".

Two years later, Faster Pussycat would record their most successful album Wake Me When It's Over. The album received gold status; its sales being largely boosted by the hit single, "House of Pain". Music videos were also produced for "House of Pain" and "Poison Ivy". While the band were touring for the album in 1990, drummer Mark Michals was arrested in Omaha, Nebraska for trying to mail heroin to his hotel room and was subsequently kicked out of the band. Frankie Banali of Quiet Riot filled in as drummer for the remainder of the tour, then Brett Bradshaw became Faster Pussycat's new long-term drummer. Tours with KISS and Mötley Crüe followed.

In 1990, they recorded a cover of Carly Simon's "You're So Vain" for a compilation called Rubáiyát: Elektra's 40th Anniversary. A video was also filmed for this track. It featured Taime for the first time with dark hair. The song was also later included on the 1992 Belted, Buckled And Booted EP, which served as the single for "Nonstop To Nowhere" and also included two unreleased tracks.

In 1992 they released their third album, Whipped!, which peaked at #90 on the charts. This album was a more mature recording than their previous material and explored some new musical territory. However, it was released just as the grunge explosion was happening and like many other 80s hard rock acts they suddenly discovered their audience vanishing and both MTV and the labels rapidly losing interest in the band's style of music.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

