Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Enuff Z'Nuff is the self-titled studio album by Enuff Z'Nuff, released in 1989 on Atco  Records. This debut album continues to be the best selling album in the band's catalog. The album's first single, the rock song "New Thing," received steady radio and MTV airplay, peaking at #67 on the Billboard Hot 100. Their follow-up single, a ballad called "Fly High Michelle," would prove to be the band's biggest hit, peaking at #47 on the same chart. Promotional CDs were created for another song, a ballad called "For Now," but this single was apparently cancelled while the band focused on their follow-up record, 1991's Strength album.

Additional exposure for the album occurred with the album tracks "Hot Little Summer Girl" and "I Could Never Be Without You" being featured on the popular TV shows Beverly Hills, 90210 and Northern Exposure. A few years later, the band's glam appearance in their video for "Fly High Michelle" would be parodied on MTV's Beavis & Butt-head.

Enuff Z'Nuff is an American hard rock band from Blue Island, Illinois, founded by singer Donnie Vie and bassist Chip Z'Nuff. This Chicago area band is best known for their singles "Fly High Michelle" and "New Thing," from their self-titled album in 1989. Enuff Z'Nuff has continually recorded and toured throughout their career of more than 25 years. Although the band has failed to find commercial success, they do have a strong cult fanbase stateside and overseas, including some high profile fans, such as radio personality Howard Stern.

Enuff Z'Nuff formed in 1984 as "Enough Z'Nuff." The band soon grew a live following and recorded their first demo songs, some of which would be officially released later in their career. The band's first single, "Fingers On It," received some minor recognition when it was featured in the 1986 cult movie Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer. Band members during this period also included drummer B.W. Boeski, and guitarists Gino Martino and Alex Kane, the latter of which eventually formed the band AntiProduct.

By 1989, Enough Z'Nuff had revised their band name to "Enuff Z'Nuff" and released their first major label offering, a self-titled debut album on Atco Records. For this album, founding members Donnie Vie and Chip Z'Nuff were joined by guitarist Derek Frigo and drummer Vik "Vikki" Foxx. The band had two minor hits with the psychedelic-flavored pop rock songs "New Thing" and "Fly High Michelle", both of which charted in Billboard Magazine and received steady airplay on MTV. However, the band's heavy glam rock appearance in the promotional videos would be later parodied on MTV's Beavis & Butthead.

For their follow-up album, 1991's Strength, the band consciously toned down their glam image. "Strength" was released in 1991 on Atco to strong reviews, including Rolling Stone magazine calling the group "The Hot Band of the Year." There were promotional videos for the singles "Mother's Eyes" and "Baby Loves You," as well as an appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman. However, this follow-up album did not sell nearly as well as their first.

The band filed bankruptcy and left Atco Records, but soon after was picked up by Clive Davis' Arista Records label for their 1993 album Animals With Human Intelligence. This release, much like Strength, received some critical acclaim, but ultimately failed commercially. Soon before this album's release, drummer Vikki Foxx quit the band to join Vince Neil's solo band. Foxx would be airbushed out of the album cover, despite performing on each track of the recording. Foxx was replaced by New Jersey resident and former "War & Peace" member Ricky Parent, who also appeared for most of the album's promotional material.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/