The Crow 1994

This is a great XVID DVDrip of the classic Brandon Lee film the Crow (1994) at 700mb. I followed a guide (PAKG)to rip like AXXO and this rip came out brilliant. Please comment! YOU WON'T FIND A BETTER RIP AT THIS SIZE. I am proud of this rip because I successfully followed AXXO's style. Honestly you won't find one on the Internet with better quality for it's size. PLEASE COMMENT if you do!
By: vladtepes3176

 PLEASE HELP ME SEED THIS GREAT RIP! Thanks!

Plot: On October 30, Devil's Night in Detroit, Sergeant Albrecht (Ernie Hudson) is at the scene of a crime where Shelly Webster (Sofia Shinas) has been beaten and raped, and her fiancé, local musician and guitarist Eric Draven (Brandon Lee) then died on the street outside, having been stabbed, shot, and thrown out of the window. The couple were to be married the next day, on Halloween. As he leaves for the hospital with Shelly, Albrecht meets a young girl, Sarah (Rochelle Davis), who says that she is their friend, and that they take care of her. Albrecht tells her that Shelly is dying.

One year later, a crow taps on the gravestone of Eric Draven; Eric awakens from death and climbs frantically out of his grave, trembling and wracked with convulsions. Meanwhile, a criminal gang, headed by T-Bird (David Patrick Kelly), is setting fires in the city. Eric goes to his old apartment and finds it derelict. He has visual memories of the murders, remembering that those responsible were T-Bird and his gang: Tin Tin (Laurence Mason), Funboy (Michael Massee) and Skank (Angel David). Eric soon discovers that any wounds he receives heal immediately, and that he, being dead, is now immune to physical harm. He then replaces his burial clothes with dark, imposing attire, and using stage makeup, paints his face in a parody of a porcelain harlequin mask given to Shelly as a gift, decorating his lips and eyes with black, scar-like slashes. Guided by the crow, he sets out to avenge his and Shelly's murders by killing the perpetrators.

The crow helps Eric locate Tin Tin, who is obsessed with knives. They engage in a one-on-one alley fight, which Eric wins by catching a knife and pinning Tin Tin to a wall with it. Eric then kills him by stabbing him in each of his vital organs in alphabetical order with his own knives. He takes his coat, leaving a large crow-shaped bloodstain on the wall of the alley. He then goes to the pawn shop where Tin Tin pawned Shelly's engagement ring the year before. Eric forces the owner, Gideon (Jon Polito), to return the ring and blows up the shop, letting Gideon live so that he can warn the others. Gideon goes to warn Top Dollar, who kills him by stabbing him in the throat with a sword, sinking it in to the hilt.

Eric finds Funboy getting high in an apartment with Sarah's mother, Darla (Anna Levine). He teases Funboy, having the man shoot him in the hand and pretending to scream in pain for his own amusement. When it becomes apparent to Funboy that Eric cannot be killed, he becomes frightened, and Eric disarms him and shoots him in the thigh, piercing his femoral artery. After killing Funboy with an overdose of his own morphine, Eric talks to Darla, making her realize that Sarah needs her to be a good mother. He visits Albrecht, explaining who he is and why he is here. Albrecht tells him what he knows about Shelly's death and that he watched as she suffered for thirty hours before dying. Eric touches Albrecht and receives from him the pain felt by Shelly during those hours. Sarah and her mother begin to repair their strained relationship. Sarah goes to Eric's apartment and talks to him. She tells him that she misses him and Shelly. Eric explains that, even though they cannot be friends anymore, he still cares about her.

As T-Bird and Skank stop at a convenience store to get some supplies, Eric arrives and kidnaps T-Bird. Skank follows the pair and sees Eric as he ties T-Bird to the driver's seat of a car, straps explosives to him, and lets the car drive off the pier, where it explodes up in midair and falls and sinks into a harbor down below. Eric leaves a fiery symbol in the shape of a crow burning at the scene. Skank escapes the scene and goes to Top Dollar (Michael Wincott), a major criminal who controls all the criminal gangs in the city. Top Dollar and his lover/half-sister Myca (Bai Ling) have become aware of Eric's actions through various reports from witnesses. Top Dollar holds a meeting with his associates where they discuss new plans for their Devil's Night criminal activities. Eric arrives at the meeting, looking for Skank. Top Dollar orders his men to shoot Eric, and a massive gun fight ensues. Top Dollar escapes quickly with Myca and Grange (Tony Todd), his lieutenant, while Eric systematically kills everyone in the room - including Skank, who is last of all thrown out of a window by Eric.

Eric, having finished his quest, returns to his grave. Sarah goes to say goodbye to him and he gives her Shelly's engagement ring. She is then abducted by Grange who takes her into the church where Top Dollar and Myca are waiting. Through the crow, Eric realizes what has happened and goes to rescue her. Grange shoots the crow as it flies into the church, making Eric lose his invincibility. Myca grabs the wounded crow, intending to take its mystical power. Albrecht arrives, intending to pay his respects to Eric, just after Eric is shot and wounded. Top Dollar grabs Sarah and climbs the bell tower as a fight ensues, with Grange being killed. The crow escapes Myca's grip and claws her eyes out, and then knocks her down the bell tower where she falls to her death. When Albrecht is wounded, Eric climbs to the roof of the church on his own. There, Top Dollar admits ultimate responsibility for what happened to Eric and Shelly. They fight, and in the end, Eric gives Top Dollar the thirty hours of pain he absorbed from Albrecht; the sensation sends Top Dollar flying off the roof of the church where he falls and becomes impaled on the horns of a gargoyle. His blood is seen to be coming out of the mouth of the gargoyle. Sarah and Albrecht go to the hospital, and Eric is reunited with Shelly at their graves.

Later, Sarah pays a final visit to the cemetery, and the crow, perched on Eric's headstone, gives her Shelly's engagement ring, dropping it in her open hand before soaring over the city and into the night.

