Heard of Leo Mendes, Riq Ferris and John Cassio? No, well then it’s time to make acquaintance with them. These three are from Brazil and has released their debut album under Highest Dream. 
They have been involved in various music projects and also released a demo-CD without any luck. Now Escape has taken them under their roster and released their debut album. 

This is an album filled with AOR with strong hooks and layers of keyboards. It made me think of bands like Urban Tale, Outland, Passion Street and Street Talk. 

The songs are really great but the production and the especially the drum sound could have been a bit stronger, then I would have given them a higher grade but still the songs are damn good and if youre not to picky then you won’t mind.

Helpin'Hand is a nice mid-tempo AOR song a'la Street Talk. 
Far Away From Here opens up slow but turns out to a nice rocker in the chorus and lovely keyboards. All I Want sounds like FM and Ladder. Reach Higher includes superb keyboard work and the chorus is catchy. The ballad Love Makes You Cry is brilliant with a fantastic chorus and here Riq Ferris high pitched voice sounds perfect, following by John Cassio`s outstanding melodic soloing. 

If you’re a fan of keyboards then listen to I Will Find You that’s filled with layers of keyboards and reminds of Outland, great Aor-rocker. Not An Angel is the song of the album that is a fantastic up-tempo hook laden rocker with strong riffs and a catchy chorus were you can sing-a-long. This is a really good debut album and I would give a grade where the songs gets a 4 and production 3. I hope these guys get a chance to records a 2nd album with a better production because they can write memorable AOR-songs for sure.

Musicians
Leo Mendes - Keyboards, Drum And Bass Programming, Acoustic Guitars, Rhythm Guitars, Backing Vocals
Riq Ferris - Lead And Backing Vocals

Guests Musicians
Marcelo Nami - Guitar Solo
Marcio Loureiro - Guitar Solo
John Cassio - Guitar Solo
Maila Kaarina - Intro Voice On "Not an Angel"
