This 'Eczema Free Forever'  an  eBook that I found on the Internet, which addresses  eczema.

The introduction states that there are 15 million eczema sufferers in the U.S., and that one in five infants is affected by this common skin condition. The author of the book goes into detail about his own son who suffered a terrible case and which inspired him to search for a cure.

The first chapter gave the best description of the ailment I have ever read. What is Eczema?Without major medical terminology and a number of photos and illustrations!

Chapter Two focuses on the exact topic, and tells you the types of eczema that are found a lot and not so much - and an assortment of pictures. The contributing factors and symptoms are thoroughly described for every kind of eczema. I found the section on allergens to be of great interest, as I am highly allergic to pollens and what not. I was very amazed when I found out that a number of allergens cause eczema, including the hair of my dog!

this is chapter 3 of the text. Eczema & Food' was an eye-opener for me. I did not understand that the only approach to get rid of eczema would be to enhance my immune system, which this chapter describes in great detail how to do through altering the foods you eat. It also has tips on quickly detoxifying yourself and setting your immune system straight.

The fourth chapter details the cure which starts with three days of detoxing and dietary changes consisting of common products found in your local store. The substances it is composed of are evened out through their Biocidic. zero percent Bacteriostatic (25%), Bioactive (half or 50%) as well as biogenic (25%) characteristics. A comprehensive list of needed items is given, so it isn't necessary to understand the meaning of 'biogenic' in the beginning. We will provide you with a menu, also known as a 'sample menu' if you should so desire. The raw corn soup and just ripened avocado is the one I like the best.

Within the fifth chapter, a number of eczema cure tips and methods for people in pain with this affliction like we are. I found out that installing a humidifier in our dry climate helped tremendously with the itching that seems to be seasonal during the dryer winters here. It even includes a segment on treatments for youngsters that doesn't depend on food choices. This is terrific, since you are aware of how picky they can be in terms of trying out different foods. I gave the homemade oatmeal soak a try too, following instructions for transforming basic oatmeal into a tranquil bath experience.

Part 6. There are many natural supplements such as evening primrose, fish oils, and probiotics that can be implemented to beat eczema and possibly even cure it. I enjoyed the simple method the author uses to explain things, making sure to provide clear directions, in order to reduce the chance of any errors. I was previously unfamiliar with many natural supplements, so the advice allowed me to evaluate and purchase these types of products with more confidence.