Ultraman Tiga & Ultraman Dyna: The Warriors Of The Star Of Light
Original Title: Ultraman Tiga & Ultraman Dyna: Hikari no Hoshi no Senshi-tachi
Year: 1998
Cast: Takeshi Tsuruno, Ryo Kinomoto, Toshikazu Fukawa, Jou Onodera, Mariya Yamada, Mio Takaki, Aya Sugimoto, Takami Yoshimoto, Shigeki Kagemaru
Running time: 1:07

File information:
Resolution: 640 x 360
Video: AVI, MPEG4 V3
Audio: Lame MP3, 128 Kbps
Subtitles: Not available

Summary (contains spoilers):

The members of Super-GUTS (Super Global Unlimited Task Squad) track a monster to the moon, where it battles Ultraman Dyna. This creature proves resilient to Dyna's usual finishing moves. The fight is cut short when the monster is abruptly vaporized by a large spaceship.

Upon returning to Earth, the Super-GUTS team goes to a secret island base. Here they discover that TPC (Terrestrial Peacekeeping Commission), the organization they work for, is also responsible for building the battleship. The ship is called Prometheus, and its devastating main weapon is the Neo-Maxima Cannon. The project leader, Dr. Kisaragi, explains that Super-GUTS has been summoned so that their brainwaves can be used to program the battle computer of Prometheus, making it an even more effective weapon. The cocky young Asuka (Ultraman Dyna's human alter ego) doubts that Prometheus can ever be as effective as Dyna at defending the Earth. He accepts the challenge, and his thoughts are fed into the ship's computer.

When Asuka regains consciousness, the base is attacked! Asuka transforms into Ultraman Dyna to face the alien UFO. Prometheus is also launched, but to destroy Dyna, not assist him. Dr. Kisaragi announces that both she and Prometheus are under the control of the alien race knock as the Monelans. Prometheus, Mollusionized into DeathFacer, isable to anticipate and counter all of Dyna's moves due its programing based on Asuka's brain waves. The one-sided battle ends when the Neo-Maxima Cannon devastates the island. Dyna disappears and is presumed dead.

While Super-GUTS regroups (they have all survived, including Asuka), the Monelans announce that they will begin exterminating humanity at noon the next day. After talking with the original GUTS leader, Captain Iruma, Asuka regains his confidence & becomes Dyna-Strong type. This time, Dyna is ready for DeathFacer and shows the robot some devastating new tricks, as he defeats DeathFacer by driving his fist through through Neo-Maxima Cannon, then throwing DeathFacer into the air, where he explodes! However, the Monelans commit Harmonosion to form the gigantic Queen Monela which captures Dyna and instantly devastates the city. Dyna tries to escape, and SuperGUTS, as well as Captain Iruma, try to aid, but Dyna's energy is drained completely and his timer runs out, "dying" immediantly. With Dyna defeated, the Earth may be finished. But, a young boy with a Tiga figure is able to get everyone to believe in the light, as light itself came from the Tiga figure. This causes everyone to lend their light & brings back Ultraman Tiga, who frees & revives Dyna. Ultraman Tiga and Dyna then proceed to fight together & defeat Queen Monela. Afterwards, Tiga & Dyna's light combine together and they disappear. The entire SuperGUTS reunite to celebrate their victory, as Iruma soon receives a visit later that day from the former GUTS members. At the end, Mai recovers from the previous attack of the DeathFacer and flies to the moon with Asuka as a passenger.

During the credits, Munakata gives Iruma some roses, as the film comes to an end.