Scene 1 (Tory Lane, Ariel X.)
Sex Acts: Anal, Ass To Mouth, ATOGM, Lesbian
Tory and Ariel are in a gym locker room. Both girls are wearing bodysuits and socks. You can see the girl's very good looking butts. Ariel slaps Tory's breasts and the girls play with a jump robe. Tory also kisses Ariel's breasts. When the girls are sitting on a red bench they show their assholes. Ariel rims Tory's asshole and then she puts a white golf ball in Tory's ass. Every time Tory pushes the golf ball out of her asshole. Then Tory gets fucked in the ass with a big glass dildo. Ariel tries to put the dildo as deep in Tory's asshole as possible. Tory's asshole isn't so tight anymore now. The girls kiss each other and you can see Tory's big boobs very good now. Then Tory gives Ariel the same treatment, she spanks Ariel's ass and puts a golf ball in her ass. Tory uses a very big blue dildo to fuck Ariel's asshole. Also this dildo goes very deep in Ariel's asshole. Tory is very surprised that Ariel's asshole isn't gaping now and is still very tight. And that is really surprising because the blue dildo is very big. Off course Tory tastes Ariel's ass juices. Tory puts the white golf ball in Ariel's asshole again. When Ariel has pushed the golf ball out of her asshole a bigger blue ball is put in her asshole. Ariel sticks the blue dildo in Tory's asshole and when she has tasted her ass juices, Ariel puts another golf ball in Tory's asshole.

Scene 2 (Sasha Grey, Rico Strong, Holly Wellin)
Sex Acts: Anal, Ass To Mouth, ATOGM, Gapes, Lesbian
Sasha is dressed as a lamb. When the scene starts she shows her ass and spreads her ass cheeks, so you can see her asshole. Sasha pushes two golf balls out of her asshole and tastes her ass juices. She puts the golf balls back in her asshole and then you can see lots of anal gymnastics. Holly enters the scene when Sasha is still trying to push one of the golf balls out off her asshole. She starts rimming Sasha's asshole and when Sasha has pushed the golf ball out of her asshole, Holly tastes Sasha's ass juices. The girls kiss each other and Sasha kisses Holly's breasts. Sasha rims Holly's asshole and uses a glass dildo to fuck Holly's ass. Her asshole is gaping very soon. Several times Sasha puts a golf ball in Holly's asshole and every time she pushed the golf ball out of her asshole. Lots of anal gymnastics here. Sasha also rims Holly's asshole. When Rico enters the scene both girls try to suck his very long cock balls deep. Holly also gets throat fucked. Then Sasha gets fucked in the ass from behind and Holly tastes her ass juices. The girls suck his cock again. Holly gets fucked in the ass when she is lying on her back. Sasha tastes Holly's ass juices. When she has rimmed Holly's asshole, Holly gets fucked in the ass in the doggie position and from behind. More and bigger gapes. Holly sucks his cock balls deep one more time and then Rico shoots his load in Holly's mouth. The girls swap the cum and kiss each other.

Scene 3 (Jayde Diamonde, Mya Nichole, David Perry)
Sex Acts: Anal, ATOGM, Gapes, Lesbian
Jayde is lying on her back when the scene starts next to a basket full of balls. Jayde puts several balls in her pussy and asshole and pushes them out every time. When Mya arrives she puts huge anal beads in Jayde's asshole. Jayde tastes her ass juices and then Mya takes off her hot pants and shows her ass. Mya has lots of tattoos on her body. Jayde rims Mya's asshole and also puts the huge anal beads in her asshole again and again. When the girls are finished David enters the scene and they start sucking his cock. Then Jayde gets fucked in the ass in the cowgirl position. Her asshole is gaping and Mya rims Jayde's asshole several times. She also tastes Jayde's ass juices. Anal from behind and in the doggie positon. More gapes and rimming. Mya gets fucked in the ass in the (reverse) cowgirl position. The girls suck his cock again and Jayde rims Mya's asshole. Mya gets fucked in the ass again in the doggie position and from behind. Jayde rims Mya's asshole another time and then David shoots his load in the girl's mouths. They kiss each other at the end of the scene.

Scene 4 (Aline, Loona Luxx)
Sex Acts: Anal, ATOGM, Gapes, Lesbian
Aline is wearing some very sexy clothes. She is plucking strawberries in a garden. When she sees the camera, she says she has a very cute French girl here. She says, she is going to feed her ass and eats a strawberry. Inside the house, you'll see Loona. The girls kiss each other and eat a strawberry. Very soon Aline starts kissing Loona's breasts. Loona takes off her hot pants and Aline rims her Loona's asshole and licks her pussy very long. Then she puts a white golf ball in Loona's asshole. Every time Loona pushes the golf ball out of her asshole. Then all sorts of things are put in Loona's asshole. During the scene the girls are eating some strawberries. When Aline is finished, Loona starts kissing her breasts. Her asshole gets rimmed and Loona puts all sorts of things in Aline's asshole. She also uses a dildo to fuck Aline's asshole. This scene is almost an hour. I have fast forwarded most of this scene. It was too long and too repetitive.

Scene 5 (Mick Blue, Jenny Hendrix)
Sex Acts: Anal, Ass To Mouth, Gapes
Jenny is wearing sexy black lingerie when the scene starts. She bounces her ass a lot. Then she takes off some clothes and shows her winking asshole. Also Jenny puts a golf ball in her asshole several times. She also tastes her ass juices. She smears lipstick all over her asshole and puts the golf ball back in her asshole. More winking. Then she puts a bigger ball in her asshole. Mick enters the scene and Jenny sucks his cock. He also rims her asshole and then he fucks her ass in the cowgirl position. He licks her pussy and fucks her asshole again when she is lying on her back. Mick rims her asshole again and smears lipstick all over Jenny's asshole. Then he fucks her asshole again from behind. At the end of the scene he shoots his load on her face.

Cover: 
http://image.bayimg.com/jaommaace.jpg

Screens 1: 
http://image.bayimg.com/jaompaace.jpg

Screens 2: 
http://image.bayimg.com/kaomcaace.jpg

Screens 3: 
http://image.bayimg.com/kaomeaace.jpg