Danish death-metal act Usipian was formed in 2000.

After having released a self financed MCD ("The Human Spirit Massacre") and a promo CD-R ("Promo 2003") Usipian got signed to Swedish Metal Fortress Entertainment (MFE).

First Usipian release on MFE was a limited 7-inch EP entitled "Clouded Restrainment", followed up by the debut album "Dead Corner of the Eye", featuring cover artwork by respected artist Dan Seagrave (Morbid Angel, Suffocation, Gorguts, Malevolent Creation, Entombed, Dismember).

"Dead Corner of the Eye" has so far received rave reviews worldwide. For instance 5/5 in Slavestate Magazine (Sweden), 9/10 in Extreem Music (Spain), 8,5/10 in Imhotep Magazine (Norway) and statements such as "All in all a very solid and convincing longplayer which should appeal to all high quality Death Metal heads out there. This one is again Danish dynamite!" (Voices From The Darkside - Germany) and "Usipian is heavy as only death metal can be. Satan should be proud!" (Metallian - Canada).

Through the years Usipian has played many live shows with bands such as Vader, Macabre, Aura Noir, Exmortem, Godhate (ex-Throneaeon) and Iniquity.


Last known line-up 
Toke Eld - Vocals (The Cleansing)
Andreas Lynge - Guitar (In a Void, The Cleansing, Corpus Mortale)
Jeppe Hasseriis - Guitar (Azalon, Dunkel (Dnk), Strychnos, The Cleansing)
Kent Værens - Bass (Ad Noctum (Dnk))
Nis Rode Larsen - Drums (Strychnos) 

Review
Written by ouroboricmutusliber on April 26th, 2009 

First and foremost, considering this title was produced by Flemming Rasmussen, the man behind a slew of "slightly" over-produced albums, it is worth saying that this album's production is not of the 2009 digital-age space-bar kick drum variety. It has a certain grain to it that is just perfect for a death metal band - Incantation with a bit more expense on production - I suppose that goes without saying when you've got the guy behind Metallica behind YOU.

The opener "In Skinless Form" is one of those tracks that you'll find yourself rewinding back and back to your favorite riffs. (01:39) It has a groovy feel not too uncommon these days with death metal acts - but it's something fresh nonetheless - hell, the whole album is. 

The album goes through a few motions that do not go easily unnoticed. The second track "Flag Of Our Fathers" seemingly has but a few lyrics (take a guess!), but it's absolutely addictive. The one downside of this track being that you notice the played-out "inhale/exhale" vocals of the 21st century occurring. Toke's vocals are generally more interesting than this. (I'm not very familiar with prior releases though - so who knows).

"Second To Nothing" - the only other track from this studio session - begins with a deceitful melodic riff quickly torn apart by one last final death metal ballad. The drums really shine on this track; sticking out AND blending amidst the grandeur. (04:29) The albums only solo begins to kick in and it is interesting how uninspired it really is - the song as a whole is mid-tempo and fits more seamlessly into the album itself than as a stand-alone track. 

The final two tracks are from the "Clouded Restrainment" EP and I will hold off on any opinions on it other than that sonically you can't tell the difference between the two recording sessions. Right on!

Genre = Brutal Death Metal
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = Vbr

Track Listing
01. In skinless form 
02. Flag of our fathers 
03. Second to nothing 
04. Clouded restrainment 
05. Shadows of the once unseen