Music : Indie : MP3/Variable






The Spring Standards - Would Things be Different (2010)





James Cleare, Heather Robb and James Smith first sang together in the last summer of the 20th century. Having just turned 16, the three teens with a common affinity for "oldies" music and harmony spent the better part of the next 2 years playing shows around the Delaware/Pennsylvania area. Influenced as much by their parent's record collections as they were by what they heard on the radio, their style began to take shape into something a little bit both and a little bit neither. When high school graduation came along, their paths divided; years passed and things changed, but before they knew it they were all living within a few blocks of each other in New York City. The transition back into making music together was as natural as it was surprising - they happily picked up where they had left off years before, with a unique style that refuses to sit comfortably in any genre.





Cleare, Robb, and Smith are all songwriters and multi-instrumentalists. They use their strengths as a trio to create a sound that listeners might expect from a band twice their size. With an emphasis on 3-part harmony and a variety of instrumental switching, their range and energy onstage make each live show a unique event.

Before they were The Spring Standards, all three members were in Old Springs Pike along with John Gallagher Jr..


The band members are:

* James Cleare - vocals, acoustic and bass guitars, and drums
* Heather Robb - vocals, melodica, keyboard, glockenspiel and drums
* James Smith - acoustic and bass guitars, vocals, harmonica and drums





Tracklist:

01 - Skyline
02 - Here I Am
03 - Queen of the Lot
04 - Halcyon Days
05 - Bells and Whistles
06 - Not Again
07 - Frozen
08 - Trouble
09 - Sharks
10 - The Hush
11 - Unravel Unwind
12 - Drowning In Sobriety (Bonus Track Version)





More info:


 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Spring_Standards


 
http://www.thespringstandards.com/






ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!!
THANKS!!
