Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Objection (Tango)" and "Te Aviso, Te Anuncio (Tango)" (English: I Warn You, I Announce You) are Latin pop-rock/tango songs written and composed by the Colombian pop star Shakira for her 2001 breakthrough English language album, Laundry Service.

The music video opens with Shakira and her ex-lover doing a tango. When the tango stops, he leaves, the music picks up, and Shakira begins dancing. Shakira goes to a club where she finds her ex-lover and his new girlfriend, played by porn star Tabitha Taylor. An animated sequence begins in which Shakira pokes holes in the new girlfriend's breast implants and knocks her ex-boyfriend through a window into another room. The animated sequence ends and Shakira confronts the lovers but is pushed down onto a glass table. Two superhero parodies (one played by Daniel Southworth, best known for playing Eric Meyers in Power Rangers Time Force) of Batman and Superman (referred to in the "Making the Video" as Package Man and Zuperman by the music video's director Dave Meyers) come to her side and, with their help, she knocks out both lovers. Shakira is then seen from a Tarantino style trunk shot, smiling sadistically at the two lovers who are now bound and gagged in the trunk of her car. They attempt to scream from behind the gags, begging for freedom, but Shakira simply continues to smile at them and slams the trunk shut. The video then switches to Shakira performing in a mechanical room and reveals that she tied both of them to a spinning wheel. The wheels accelerate until they come loose and fly away.

"Objection" is the first song written by Shakira purely in English. "Te Aviso, Te Anuncio", on the other hand, is sung in Spanish. Both songs share the same rhythm, which is quite similar to the Uruguayan-Argentine tango "La Cumparsita". This tango is sampled in the intro, only modulated.

Laundry Service (Servicio De Lavandería in Spanish-speaking territories) is the debut English breakthrough studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira, released on November 13, 2001 by Epic Records. All the songs on the album except Eyes Like Yours (which is a translation of Shakira’s trademark Ojos Así) are original and were fully or partly composed by Shakira. It also contains four songs in Spanish. Shakira recorded this album during almost two years in Uruguay and the Bahamas.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

