FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Independent Filmmakers “Break The Rules” By Giving Away Their Movies With BitTorrents.

Lake Station, IN – July 1st 2010 – Digital Lizard Productions celebrate their three year anniversary by letting the world legally download their movies for free via the controversial BitTorrent file sharing. Starting July 1st, the 2008 no-budget dark comedy “The Moving Men” and the 2009 no-budget romantic comedy “All The Love In The World” will be available on BitTorrent file sharing sites.  Digital Lizard Productions even provide a step by step guide on how to download with BitTorrents on the brand new DigitalLizardProductions.com.

Currently there are thousands of pending lawsuits against downloaders who have used BitTorrents to illegally acquire movies online. Voltage Pictures, who produced last year’s “Best Picture” Academy Award winning “The Hurt Locker”, is leading the illegal downloading hunt by demanding 5,000 BitTorrent users pay a corpulent sum of $1,500 to release them from their suit. With claims that illegal downloading cost cast, crew, and unionized worked jobs all you have to do is look at the numbers. “The Hurt Locker” had a budget of $15 Million and has reportedly grossed well over $40 Million since theatric and DVD release.

Digital Lizard Productions finds this obscene. All artists deserve the right to be fairly compensated for their work, but the actions of these Hollywood producers are far from fair. With the US and global economy struggling, a consumer should expect to get what they pay for. When downloading music one gets to preview the song, one can read a chapter or two of a book with ease at many bookstores, and when purchasing a piece of art from a gallery one gets to take in its value before buying. Sadly, when it comes to a movie the patron has to take the word of the astute promotional trailer editor. Because of this, Digital Lizard Productions is following the business model of recording artist Radiohead and Trent Reznor and are offering their two genuinely independent made movies for free to the downloading audience.

“These movies are far from perfect,” admits Digital Lizard Productions producer Michael Goodpaster, “but most big budget movies are far from it as well”. Digital Lizard Productions doesn’t see this as competing with the larger companies. Their movies are generally under $500 in budget, are cast with local aspiring actors and friends, and shot on location wherever they can within a reasonable driving distance. The stripped down production and production quality are far from the Hollywood standard but that doesn’t seem to bother Digital Lizard Productions. “It’s understandable that viewers will be taken back by the no-budget productions” agrees Michael Goodpaster, “but at the end of the day we just want to share the evolution of our art and entertain people in the process.”

Their goal is 5,000 downloads. BitTorrent download links for both “The Moving Men” and “All the Love in the World’ as well as a “how to” guide are now available at DigitalLizardProductions.com

The free media content of the newly relaunched DigitalLizardProductions.com does not end there. Along with their first two movies being released free to the downloading public, the company also releases their first web series; a 1980’s late night talk show titled ”Nocturnal Emissions with Steven Thomas Darrell”, a series of Blogs on various entertainment topics, select tracks from the live concerts they have shot in the past, and much more.

About Digital Lizard Productions:
Digital Lizard Productions is an independent media production company. They are the class clown, the art kid in the back of the class, the bad kid outside smoking behind the trees, the outgoing, the weird, and the overly ambitious.  Since creation in 2007 DLP has released two full length feature films, filmed dozens of concerts, and have completed numerous other media projects. With many more independent film releases in various stages of production, more original web series’ on the horizon, and other plans Digital Lizard Productions seeks to maintain their “do-it-yourself” independent mentality while gaining more exposure for the time and talent put in to these projects.

****************************************

The Moving Men

Director:
Michael Goodpaster

Writer:
Michael Goodpaster (writer)

Release Date:
18 February 2008 (USA)

Genre:
Comedy

Tagline:
Friends don't let friends become murderers.

Plot:
Everything is normal for the three friends until they find themselves in a very vicious cycle of outlandish deaths such as a girl choking to death while blowing up condom after an argument about party favors and a girl plummeting to her death from a motel balcony in the midst of drunken sex. So from bad to worse, worse to worst, the three friends continue to cover their tracks as much as they can and keep moving.

Cast
  (Credited cast)
	Matthew Troutman	... 	Mike
	Jonathan Velasquez	... 	Tim
	Joseph Willison	... 	Matt
	Matthew Hicks	... 	Officer Billy Jacobs
	Kerisa Reel	... 	Steph
	Jennifer Carroll	... 	Alicia
	Gin	... 	Brittney
	Michael Goodpaster	... 	The Hitchhiker


