 http://www.mediamonkey.com/

MediaMonkey v3.2.4.1304 (Latest Version) GOLD VERSION :)))

Manage a music library from 100 to 50,000+ audio files and playlists*; whether Rock, Classical, Audiobooks, or Podcasts; whether they’re located on your hard drive, CDs, or a network. Organize, browse, or search music by Genre, Artist, Year, Rating, etc., and never waste your time trying to find mp3s you know you have.

MediaMonkey is the music organizer for the serious collector.

* Supports MP3, AAC (M4A), OGG, WMA, FLAC, MPC, WAV, CDA, M3U, PLS, etc.

Sync with iPhones, iPods, and most any MP3 phone or Audio Device. Just click the Sync button to sync tracks, podcasts, and related properties such as Album Art, ratings, play history, and playlists with a broad range of portable devices*. With Volume Leveling, the tracks will even play back on your device at consistent volumes!

MediaMonkey will also allow you to backup the content of almost any MP3 player, including iPhones and iPods.

Try MediaMonkey if you want painless music management on almost any portable player.

* The information that can be synced is device and plug-in dependent.


Record CDs to your hard drive using the high quality LAME MP3 encoder*, M4A encoder*, OGG encoder, WMA encoder, or FLAC encoder). MediaMonkey’s CD Ripper copies the CDs, automatically filling in track properties via freedb.

Convert audio files from almost any audio format and preserve tag information**, using the MP3 converter, AAC/M4A converter, OGG converter, WMA converter, WAV converter and FLAC converters.

* The MP3 encoder is limited to 30 days in the free version. The M4A encoder is limited to 30 days unless the encoder is purchased separately.
** Tags are preserved for MP3, AAC/M4A, OGG, WMA, WAV, APE, FLAC or MPC.


Automatically identify tracks that are missing information, whose tags are not synchronized, or that are duplicated elsewhere.

Fix Tags with Automatic Lookup and Tagging of album art and other track information from Amazon.

Lookup CD information on Freedb or via CD-TEXT, and find missing track details through music-related sites such as Allmusic.

If you have a large music collection, MediaMonkey will help you update your tags quickly and accurately.


Tag music easily using industry-standard formats. MediaMonkey includes an MP3 Tag editor (an ID3 tag editor supporting ID3v1 & ID3v2), AAC tag editor (for M4A/M4P files), an OGG tag editor (for OGG and FLAC files), a WMA tag editor, an APE2 tag editor (for APE files), and a WAV tag editor. Update and correct mislabeled tracks via drag-and-drop from one artist/genre to another or use the categorization toolbar allows you to quickly set ratings, mood, and other information as you’re listening to music. Automatically and intelligently tag files based on filenames with the Auto-Tagger.

The serious or classical music collector can also assign a broad range of more advanced attributes, such as composer, original year and album, lyrics, etc., and attach multiple attributes per field (e.g. Artist=U2, B.B. King)


Burn Audio CDs using the integrated burner powered by PrimoBurner™. Just select any tracks or playlists and quickly create CD masterpieces using the most reliable CD burning engine around.

Burn MP3 (Data) CD/DVDs to backup your entire music collection or for playback on any MP3-capable CD or DVD players. There’s no need to manually copy and arrange directories — simply choose which Artists, Albums, or Playlists to include, set the disc’s format, and burn!


Play CDs and digital audio files (MP3, AAC/M4A, OGG, WMA*, MPC, APE, FLAC, WAV, etc.) with MediaMonkey, or use MediaMonkey to manage your library in conjunction with Winamp as the player. Adjust volume levels automatically (using Replay Gain and MP3 Gain technology), and fine-tune your audio using an equalizer and hundreds of available dsp audio-effect plug-ins.

If you’re a serious audiophile, MediaMonkey gives you all the quality you need.

* Includes support for version 9 DRM.


AND LOADS MORE 

ENJOY FULLY CLEAN AND WORKING TORRENT
