Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"The Way It Is" is a hit song by Bruce Hornsby and the Range from their 1986 album The Way It Is. It topped the Billboard Hot 100 and the Dutch Top 40 in 1986. Written by Bruce Hornsby and his brother John Hornsby, it made explicit reference to the American Civil Rights Movement. This song was heavily sampled by Tupac Shakur in his song, "Changes" from 1998.

In the UK, a version of the tune is used as the theme song to the BBC 1 daytime program City Hospital and a crudely edited 'loop' of the final instrumental section was also used as background music for the BBC's sports programme Grandstand in the late 1980s, where it was played while the presenter ran down the football league tables at the end of the programme. Indeed in the UK (where the song only reached no. 15 in the charts), the song was possibly more well-known for its regular appearances on Grandstand than for its appearance in the charts. The song was also featured in Australia  as the background theme of the Nine Network's weekend news sports wrap up as well as during AFL Football telecasts in the 1990s. In this case, the song was used as a background theme while other weekly match results appeared on screen.

In the 1990s and 2000s, "The Way It Is" was used as the theme music for Sean Hannity's syndicated radio talk show. Hornsby, a progressive Democrat, has stated his disapproval of Hannity's politics and the usage of "The Way It Is." Afterwards, Hannity criticized Hornsby and has since stopped using "The Way It Is" as the main theme for his show.

The Way It Is is Bruce Hornsby and the Range's debut album, released in 1986. Led by its hit title track, the album went on to achieve multi-platinum status and helped the group to win the Grammy Award for Best New Artist. Other hits from the album include "Mandolin Rain" and "Every Little Kiss". Fellow musician Huey Lewis is also featured on the album, lending his harmonica  and vocal talents to the track, "Down the Road Tonight". Lewis also helped produce the song, along with the track, "The Long Race" and "The River Runs Low".

In Japan, The Way It Is Tour, consisting of live performances of six songs from the album, was released for promotional purposes. The now out-of-print album was made available on vinyl and Compact Disc.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

