This is a re-launch of this successful movie title on a multi-tracker torrent
this time around. Please join in to seed if youve previously downloaded it. dank!

Excellent picture and sound quality. 720 X 480 colour video 128k audio

Academy Award winner - best picture, 1966

Please check the net for any compatible subtitles if you should need them.
You can also download an excellent program from Denmark, on the Internet
(its either free or donation supported I would think - its worth paying
something for)called "Subtitle editor". You can use it to make any improvements
to exisiting subtitles on the net, or to create your own for your community.


This is a work that is much studied in schools, including the University
Departments of English literature and even Political Philosophy. Its a must for 
all thinking minds, to come to terms with the issues involved, and sensibly so.

The reformation came at an important time for England. In any event it was
mainly overdue given the harsh constraints of following dictates from Rome that
did not fit with the needs of the people at the time, particularly in respect
of divorce as a legitimate alternative to "Royal execution" of Queens to fit
the letter of the law as it were. The conflict between those who follow a sense
of conscience and duty - based on legalities and semantics rather than dictates
of the best spirited cause.

There are those that assign a certain value to certain gestures or oaths, not
allowing an encroachment into this sense of perfect allegiance, even while
being unable to maintain a reasonable conscience instead, all too often as a
result of such shallow thinking.

On the other hand human nature and its best disposition on such matters - it
really deals with composition in fact - after all it is my claim that we are
differently endowed each one of us as to our sense of right reason in these
matters to the extent of identifying altogether differing orientations between
men. Should someone lose his life and high office - executed in fact for not
allowing his conscience to be bothered by agreeing to divorce as an option for
the king of the day? Watch the movie and decide for yourself.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
please see my reviews at moviesbyrizzo.info