RORY BLOCK BLUES WALKIN LIKE A  MAN
A TRIBUTE TO SON HOUSE
Released: 2008
Label: Stony Plain
Format: Mp3@320
Time: 54:04



That Rory Block is an astonishingly capable blues artist has been evident for many years, but with this tribute to the legendary Eddie J. "Son" House Jr., her cache is elevated even further. The shifty and slinky flexible slide work of House, and his preachy, shout chorus style vocalizing is perfectly exemplified on his tunes by Block. What is wondrous is that Block loses nothing of her personal sound and identity, as if she is mystically channelling the acoustic blues icon through some higher powered means. Block's pure and simple solo persona is electrified through many of House's classic tunes and some well chosen others, and she does them all proud. Everyone will enjoy and appreciate her spot-on take of "Death Letter," 12-bar train inspired "Depot Blues" featuring her immaculate slide guitar work, and the inspired devices, phrasings, and fervent singing on the energetic "Preachin' Blues." "Grinnin' in Your Face" is perhaps the most beloved tune of Son House, the tale of two-faced, untrustworthy people she sings with a slight echo or reverb in her voice that is truly haunting. Tales of a bad luck lover on "Jinx Blues" is as deep and personal as authentic blues gets, while the back porch moanin' "Low Down Dirty Dog Blues" echoes the pre-Howlin' Wolf style House founded. Listeners need to be advised that Rory Block is not photocopying these songs as much as she is assimilating them with her own voice, but in the pure and unique original voicings Son House invented. The loping "Country Farm Blues" and signature tune "Shetland Pony Blues" show the extreme passion and depth Block feels in this music. There are asides away from the guitar/vocal approach, as overdubbed vocals on "Dry Spell Blues," the more folksy "I Want to Go Home on the Morning Train," or an occasional harmonica insert by John Sebastian add a little variety. A most highly recommended recording that easily stands next to her previously recorded tribute to Robert Johnson, Blues Walkin' Like a Man ranks among Rory Block's very best efforts in her long, satisfying career, and is a welcome reminder of how a handful artists like Son House truly revolutionized American music. ~ Michael G. Nastos

1. My Black Mama - 4:28
2. Downhearted Blues - 4:41
3. Preachin’ Blues - 3:32
4. Jinx Blues - 4:28
5. Dry Spell Blues - 4:00
6. Shetland Pony Blues - 3:36
7. Death Letter - 4:29
8. County Farm Blues - 3:34
9. Grinnin’ In Your Face - 2:12
10. Low Down Dirty Dog Blues - 4:36
11. Depot Blues - 3:12
12. Government Fleet Blues - 7:06
13. I Want To Go Home On The Morning Train - 4:01


Recording information: Aurora Productions, Chatham, NY.

Personnel:
Rory Block (vocals, guitar)
John Sebastian (harmonica)


