Unlike other retouching tutorials, Mastering Retouching™ is a complete system that teaches you step-by-step how to quickly spot problem areas and eradicate even the most difficult flaws. From our HD videos to our common-sense lesson interface which features guides to related lessons and key concepts, our focus is on maximizing not only the speed of your learning but also on efficiency and retention. 
 
Armed with the ability to correct any issue, you'll never look at your photos the same way


Seven Levels to Mastery

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Level 1: Tools & Basics
Master the tools, filters, and concepts required for state-of-the-art retouching. Includes lessons on 
Healing Tools, Brushes, Dodging & Burning, Blurring & Sharpening Filters, Shaping and Contouring, 
Adjustment Layers, and Blending Modes.

Level 2: The Slickforce Technique™
Learn the method retouchers & photographers have puzzled over for years. The Slickforce Technique™, created by Nick Saglimbeni, will enable you to smooth seemingly impossible flaws, while retaining three-dimensionality & texture.

Level 3: Complete Workflow
Now you're ready to put it all together and complete your first retouch, from head to toe. Follow along as Nick uses the skills taught in the first two lessons to perfect an image. Additional lessons on contour-mapping, relative dodging & burning, and fixing discoloration.


Level 4: Light Complexions
Master techniques for retouching skin flaws and discoloration issues commonly associated with models of light skin tones. Bonus Lessons on vein removal, fixing mismatched wardrobe colors, and believably tanning a model of pale complexion.

Level 5: Dark Complexions
Master techniques for retouching skin flaws and discoloration issues commonly associated with models of darker skin tones. Bonus Lessons on removing back twists, breast "lifting", and removing the appearance of dry or "ashy" skin.

Level 6: The Stuff No One Else Will Teach You!
Now you're ready for the major leagues. Tackle "curve ball" issues that stump most retouchers, such as extreme close ups, harsh sunlight & shadows, stetchmarks, freckles & moles, jewelry removal through hair, and retouching wet models.
  
 
Level 7: Exotic Features - Bonus Volume
By popular demand, we've added lessons on fixes commonly requested by models of Asian, East Indian, and Middle Eastern descent. Lessons include facial contouring, eye & nose detail work, creating shape where desired, and acheiving a "porcelain skin" glow.
 
http://www.masteringretouching.com
