Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Walk Like an Egyptian" is a number-one hit from the album Different Light by The Bangles in 1986.

The music video for "Walk Like an Egyptian" was nominated for Best Group Video in the 1987 MTV Video Music Awards. It featured people dancing in a pose similar to the pose depicted in the Ancient Egyptian reliefs that inspired songwriter Liam Sternberg. In a popular scene from the video, Hoffs was filmed in a close-up where her eyes moved from side-to-side, looking left and right. When asked about the scene in an interview with online magazine PlanetOut.com, Hoffs explained that she was actually looking at individual audience members during the video shoot, which took place with a live audience. Looking directly at individual audience members was a technique she used to overcome stage fright, and she was unaware that the camera had a close-up on her while she was employing this technique, switching between one audience member on her left and one on her right.

"Walk Like an Egyptian" was released as the third single from Different Light. It debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 in September 1986. The song reached a peak of number three on the UK Singles Chart in November 1986 and reached number one in the U.S. on December 20, staying at the top of the Hot 100 for four weeks, carrying it over into January 1987. The song is the first song by an all-female group playing their own instruments to top the Billboard  singles chart. The success of the song and "Manic Monday" propelled Different Light to number two on the Billboard  200 chart, making it the group's most successful album.

On the American Top 40 Top 100 of 1987 radio show, host Casey Kasem reported the song was added to the album as a joke, to which he added, "Some joke. Here's the punchline: The Bangles' sand dance of the ancient pharaohs walks away with the pyramid prize of the year!" contrasting how the song was added to the album with how popular it became, as it topped the year-end Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, which is the chart the American Top 40 was using at the time.

The song was also the Bangles' last non-cover Top 40 hit that wasn't co-written by at least one band member. Subsequent charted singles (with the exception of "Hazy Shade of Winter", which is a cover) were co-written by Susanna Hoffs and Debbie Peterson.

Different Light is an album by The Bangles released in January 1986. It is their best known album, with a Top 5 hit single and a No. 1 hit. The album's Top 40 sound was a departure from their earlier 60s-style sound. This was the first album in which bassist Michael Steele sings lead vocals on some tracks.

Three of five singles were written by someone other than the Bangles: "Manic Monday" (written by Prince under the pseudonym Christopher), "If She Knew What She Wants" and "Walk Like An Egyptian". The other two singles were "Following" and "Walking Down Your Street".

The 2008 reissue CD on the Wounded Birds label (WOU 4039) adds a bonus track: "Walk Like An Egyptian" (Extended Dance Mix).

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

