If your erections are bothering you, bulging embarassingly while you're tucked in your panties, and growing in an unfeminine fashion when you are with a lover, this can be the solution you needed. Just be very sure it's what you want, because it's going to be very hard to undo this effect, if at all. If you choose this, your penis will be limp and useless, soft and girly, no matter how hard you try to get it hard. Porn won't help get it hard. A partner won't help get it hard. In fact, your sexual arousal and enjoyment will be moved to your ass. That will be the only way you can get sexual release, with prostate stimulation and anal sex. If you want to be a soft sissy, an impotent shemale, or you're preparing for a sex change, then go ahead. But don't come asking for it to be reversed ! This is meant to create PERMANENT IMPOTENCE. 


Track 01 - Induction (15:20) : The trance induction, which also sets the trance trigger word. At some point, the trance trigger may be sufficient to get into trance, at which point this track can be cut out, using simply the trance trigger word from track 2 to get into trance. But this takes a LOT of trance training to get to.

Track 02 - Stress Trigger (3:50) : Starts with the trance trigger, and sets a trigger word for feeling stressed out and panicky, imitating extreme performance anxiety. Afterwards, we will be able to associate this feeling with getting an erection, so that every time you get an erection, you get such extreme stress as to make erections impossible. This is how erectile dysfunction normally happens, so we're just imitating nature here. Many men get treated for performance anxiety leading to impotence... we're just doing it in reverse, and we'll be creating the impotence.

Track 03 - Anal Desire trigger (6:27) : Sets the trigger word for desire, much as in CD3 Elegance, and in CD18-Princess. However, since you will soon never again be able to use that penis for sex, there is no point in feeling arousal there. In this track, I train you to feel sexual desire on command, but I move the arousal to your anus, so that instead of being a need to fuck... it becomes an empty needy feeling of wanting to be fucked. After using this track a few times, you will feel arousal happening in your ass, even when using other CDs with the desire trigger... in all other CDs, you will only feel arousal as a need to be fucked, up the ass or in your pussy.

Track 04 - Softer (8:41) : You choose a memory of having sex, and reliving it as you did then from inside your body, you get hard, aroused... but every time you get hard, the stress hits you and makes you go all soft and girly. Again and again, you get hard, and then soften, as the arousal moves to the back door, making it harder and harder to keep an erection, until as soon as you start hardening, you go soft and girly again, eager to get fucked in the ass... Eventually, you'll stay soft all the time, soft and girly, no matter how aroused you get! If you've never had sex with a partner, you can either skip this track, or imagine yourself with a partner.

Track 05 - Partner (4:21) : In this track, you relive a time having sex with a partner, and no matter how much they try to get you hard, you go soft. In fact, the experience changes into what you now crave, which is having your ass played with instead... it arouses you, but still you stay soft. If you havn't experienced sex with a partner, you can either skip this track, or imagine what it would be like.

Track 06 - Porn (6:02) : To be totally impotent and girly, not only do you need to go soft with a partner, but also when masturbating. So now you relive masturbating, looking at porn, and every time you get hard, you stress out and go all soft and girly. There's really no way to masturbate anymore, not with your "big clit". The only way to get relief is to fuck yourself with an anal toy... what you need is something to fill your ass... dildos, dicks, and strapons... that's how you get pleasure from now on.

Track 07 - Future Princess (2:23) : All that training until now has altered your memories, so you remember more and more vividly how impossible it is for you to get hard. But now we are programming your future, so that in the future you always remain soft and girly. You imagine living the most arousing experience you can imagine... and if there's any hardness left, it gets crushed. All you want is to get fucked, and using the trigger word from CD18-Princess makes you need to get fucked even more, tying the two CDs together so that they enhance each other and seal your fate as an impotent sissy anal princess, always soft and girly, eager to be fucked whenever she's aroused.

Track 08 - Amnesia (1:21) : By using this track, you can forget what happened during the trance, and let yourself believe this is how you naturally are, more and more. To actually get amnesia for the session, most people will need to train with CD16-Acceptance first, to learn the hypnotic skill of amnesia.

種を蒔くのが痛みません。
