Heaven & Hell - Neon Nights Live In Europe (2010) [DVD9][NTSC]
 
http://www.dvdverdict.com/reviews/neonnights.php 
http://blogcritics.org/music/article/music-dvd-review-heaven-and-hell1/ 
http://hardrockhaven.net/online/2010/heaven-hell-live-in-europe/

NTSC 16:9 (720x480) VBR
Inglés (Dolby AC3, 6 ch) (Dolby AC3, 2 ch), (DTS, 6 ch)
Length: 1:27:28

Featuring the late Ronni James Dio, Toni Iommi, Geezer Butler and Vinny Appice, Heaven & Hell’s latest and final performance as the Black Sabbath spin off was captured July 30, 2009 at the Wacken Festival in Germany. The concert is now being released on DVD and CD formats by Eagle Rock Entertainment. The DVD and CD are being marketed in the U.S. as Neon Nights – 30 years of Heaven & Hell Live in Europe and Neon Nights – 30 years of Heaven & Hell Live at Wacken in Europe. Both versions contain the same track listing and bonus features on the DVD.

First off, this is Black Sabbath, probably in an effort to not alienate the Osbornes, the group banded together and released Devil You Know in ’09 under the moniker Heaven & Hell. Obviously, Heaven and Hell was the first album recorded with Ronni James Dio in 1980.

The DVD contains 13 songs (CD contains 11 songs) culled from the band’s back catalog and their latest studio album Devil You Know. Classics like “Mob Rules,” “Heaven and Hell,” “Children of the Sea” and “Time Machine” emphasize the uniqueness of this lineup of Black Sabbath. The inclusion of new songs into the set, such as “Bible Black,” hints at new music that will never come to fruition. The performance of the band is solid; any criticisms of Dio’s vocals are diminished by his battle with cancer. His presence on stage and interaction with the audience is magical. Iommi shines as he performs the music of the Dio-era Sabbath. Appice and Butler provide a powerful, thunderous rhythmic pulse as they hammer out the music.

The video presentation is excellent, very crisp and vibrant, while the audio is reflects a balanced mix allowing all four performers to be heard. The DVD contains bonus features, which include 30th Anniversary interviews with all four band members, and, in their own words, each band member pays tribute to Dio.

2010 and 2011 probably will continue to see the re-release of classic Dio-era music with his solo band, Black Sabbath (Heaven & Hell) and possibly even music from Rainbow. It’s been said before, but, again, Ronnie James Dio had a huge heart and voice. He leaves a legacy that few ever will attain within the Hard Rock and Metal genres.

Genre: Heavy Metal

Band:
Ronnie James Dio 
Tony Iommi 
Geezer Butler
Vinny Appice 
Scott Warren 

DVD Track Listing:
--------------------------
1. E5150 (DVD only)
2. Mob Rules
3. Children of the Sea
4. I
5. Bible Black
6. Time Machine
7. Fear
8. Falling Off the Edge of the World
9. Follow the Tears
10. Die Young
11. Heaven & Hell
12. Country Girl (DVD only)
13. Neon Knights

