Title: Kah Narm Nom
Year: 1981
Genre: Drama
Country: Thailand
Audio: Thai
Subtitle: none
Starring: Sorapong Chatree, Porjed Kaenpetch, Pissamai 

Wilaisak, Naowarat Yooktanun, Wiyada Umarin

Source: 2 VCDS
File Format: AVI

Plot:
The story is about the love of a mother towards her two 

sons, Khun Thong and Salika. Khun Thong, in self defense, 

shots Na khan, who previously killed his father 10 years 

ago and also injured his mother during a recent raid. The 

mother's love becomes painful because Khun Thong has 

become an outlaw. This movie has similar scenario to the 

version shot in 1974 but it focus more about the mother 

suffering. Na Khan's son used Khun Thong's name to raid 

other houses so Khun Thong has no way to quit. Khun Thong 

is a Thai Robin Wood and gives help to the poorest. Khun 

Thong is still a good son and keeps the money he robs for 

his mother and for his younger brother to enter monkhood. 

Rejected by both his mother and brother who refuse dirty 

money, Khun Thong decides to work as a peasant and 

carpenter to earn money from his hard work. But fate is 

against him. His girlfriend is trapped by Na khan son's 

gang, raped and killed. Khun Thong is accused again. His 

mother is disappointed by his behavior, saying it was not 

worth to educate him for becoming an outlaw and that 

feeding milk to him was such a waste. He becomes an outlaw 

again to catch Na Khan's son. He wants his teammates to 

surrender and become good people. Finally he catches Na 

Khan's son, who recognizes all the evil he has done over 

Khun Thong's name. It is too late as her mother doesn't 

want to talk to Khun Thong anymore. Willing to die, he 

misbehaves a last time to force his mother to shoot him. 

Before dying, Khun Thong and his mother confirm their 

filial love and Khun Thong can grab Salika's yellow robe 

as his brother has become a monk. It is certainly one of 

the best role of Sorapong Chatree.