A whole new project together with Pinky And The Brain's one.
The whole complete Super Mario Bros. Super Show (including The Legend Of Zelda Complete Animated Series) in DVDRip!
All episodes and extras from the DVD included.
Source: R1 DVD
Video Codec: XviD
Audio Codec: Mp3
The Legend Of Zelda Animated Series' episodes will have Italian as second audio.

.: Plot Live Action :.

The first and last parts of each episode were sitcom segments which showed Mario ("Captain" Lou Albano) and Luigi (Danny Wells) living in Brooklyn, where they would often be visited by celebrity guest stars. These parts were performed and filmed before a live studio audience, though not all the sketches had the audience laughing as audible. Some of the celebrity guest stars were popular television stars, such as Nedra Volz, Norman Fell, Donna Douglas, Eve Plumb, Vanna White, Jim Lange, Danica McKellar, Nicole Eggert, Clare Carey and Brian Bonsall or professional athletes such as Lyle Alzado, Magic Johnson, Roddy Piper, Sgt. Slaughter, and even Ernie Hudson appeared as a Slimebuster, a parody of his Ghostbusters persona, using his own name rather than Winston Zeddemore. On one occasion, they even received a visit from Inspector Gadget, performed live by Maurice LaMarche. In an interview for the first DVD release of the show, Lou Albano talked about filming these live action skits, which mainly involved he and Wells getting a central plot and mainly improvising the dialogue as they went along.
Occasionally, Lou Albano and Danny Wells would portray themselves, forcing their regular characters to leave the scene in order for themselves to appear. One notable example is when pop star Cyndi Lauper states she's looking for Lou Albano because he's missing, due to the note she got from him (although there is an important part missing from the note). Mario exclaims how much he wants to meet Lou, and later Lou appears as himself supposedly while Mario's out shopping for pizza. As a result, Luigi gets to meet Lou, but Mario does not.
Lou Albano and Danny Wells also regularly played female versions of themselves, Marianne and Luigeena (the Mario Brothers' cousins), and also two hillbilly cousins, named Mario Joe and Luigi Bob.

.: Plot Super Mario Bros. Super Show :.

After a brief introduction of the sitcom segment of the show, a commercial would broadcast and a cartoon of about ten minutes would be broadcast next, featuring characters and situations based upon the NES games Super Mario Bros. and Super Mario Bros. 2, as well as several sound effects and musical cues from the two games. The characters featured therein would be Mario, Luigi, Toad and Princess Toadstool defending the Mushroom Kingdom from the reptilian villain King Koopa, often in a movie or pop-culture parody. Getting into the spirit of these parodies, Bowser Koopa often used alter egos fitting the current theme. Wart, the main antagonist of the second game, was never in any of the episodes, yet most of his minions appeared in the show, most notably Mouser and Shy Guy.
The cartoon series occurs after the events and situations of the Super Mario Bros. game when Princess Toadstool was rescued, with borrowed elements, situations, concepts, and characters from Super Mario Bros. and Super Mario Bros. 2 video games. The theme song for the cartoon segments revealed that the Mario Brothers were accidentally warped into the Mushroom Kingdom while working on a bathtub drain in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, USA. After traveling via the warp drain, the Mario Brothers defeated Bowser Koopa's Koopa Troopas, saved Princess Toadstool and stopped Bowser Koopa's plan to conquer the Mushroom Kingdom. At the beginning of every cartoon segment Mario recites an entry into his "Plumber's Log," a parody of the Captain's Log from Star Trek.