Snow Over It!
Thursday, February 11, 2010

Day four of Snowpocalypse, and I’m still forced to send messages out from my radio-show-in-exile located deep in an ice cave in the frozen North. OK, make that the frozen mid-Atlantic.  This winter has already seen 54.9 inches of snow in Washington, DC—more than the previous record of 54.4 inches for an entire winter. Got that, Old Man Winter? You’ve already got the record. Anything beyond this is just running up the score. That sort of college football blowout may be what Winter has in mind. More snow is expected Monday. Fine, just put it in the pile.


Incidentally, the previous snow record for Washington was set in the winter of 1898-99, when Republican William McKinley was president. So at least weather disasters in this town are relatively bipartisan. For the rest of the right wing of the chattering class, the recent snowfall just offered an opportunity to advance their reality-challenged agenda. In the conservative mind, snow = global warming hoax = science bad = liberal conspiracy, much as affordable healthcare = death panels = Democratic plot to kill grandma. Sean Hannity said the recent flake fest would “seem to contradict Al Gore’s hysterical global warming theories.”  Noted palm-reader Sarah Palin chimed in, calling climate change studies “snake oil science.” At least when Sarah’s talking snake oil she’s in her field of expertise. Palin claimed that the scientific consensus is part of a plot to “shut down oil and gas leasing.” Sarah backs up her arguments with studies funded by Exxon Mobile,  which is rather like citing a hate crimes study funded by the KKK. And of course Glenn Beck added his obligatory violent and disturbing take to the mix, saying that climate scientists should commit mass suicide.  Of course weather is a short-term phenomenon. Climate is what happens over the long-term. But then you wouldn’t expect the Republicans who gave us the biggest budget deficits in history and then complained about the national debt to grasp any long-term concepts.


I’m going to be back in the studio Friday if I have to take a team of reindeer to work. In the meantime, enjoy Stephen Colbert’s hilarious take on the flakiness of conservative snow theories. 