May 14th, 2010 : Dr. Steven Greer

The Orion Project Update: Intelligence Community claws back prominent scientists working with The Orion Project

Dr. Greer has frequently discussed with the World Puja audience the importance/ necessity of New Energy solutions for the world and what The Orion Project is valiantly trying to do to accomplish these goals. He has discussed at length suppression activities that happened in the past. While The Orion Project has been the target of suppression before, what has happened in the past few weeks has been intense and relentless.

Dr. Greer will explain what has been happening; the consequences; our countermeasures and what you can do to help.

You don't want to miss this show.  Available to stream online: 
http://www.archive.org/details/StevenGreerJanBravoAndTedLoder
 
http://www.theorionproject.org

--------------------------

IMPORTANT UPDATE - THE ORION PROJECT

May 13, 2010

For the past two years, The Orion Project has worked to raise funds to build a facility where we can bring scientists and inventors together in a peaceful type of Manhattan Project for energy - to develop new sources of energy that will get us off the fossil fuel economy. We have also worked to identify scientists and inventors capable of this work. For the past hundred years, scientists such as Nicola Tesla have worked on such devices. The fact that many have tried, and we are still using predominantly fossil fuels - the same fuels used in the 1800s - can be illustrated by our recent experience.

We reported last December that we had under contract a very talented scientist who wanted to work with us. Because he still is doing work for a private company that is linked to the Intelligence Community, he preferred working with his identity concealed. A side note is that he had agreed to work with us in the fall of 2008. At that time, he met with the Board of Directors and took a contract home to read and sign, but called us within three days saying that he was being deployed abroad for fifteen months. We heard nothing else from him until a year later - precisely after Dr. Greer publicly disclosed the energy briefing he had put together for President Obama.

He resurfaced and said that he wanted to work with us to develop new energy technologies. He met with the Board of Directors again. He assured us that he was cleared by his "shepherds" in the Intelligence Community to work with us to build advanced energy systems, but he was not allowed to work on advanced propulsion systems - that is, he could build systems to power our houses and businesses, but he would not be allowed to reproduce the advanced propulsion systems he has developed in the past.

We spent a long weekend with him and agreed upon a system he described that would be akin to a Tesla-type high-voltage system that would extract energy out of the Earth's energy field. It could run twenty-four hours a day, independent of solar energy or wind, and be more cost-effective, as well as non-polluting. This scientist also described three more technologies he could and would develop for us. He and his wife agreed that they wanted to work with us and would move to Virginia when we could fund a facility. They presented a timeline for completion of the first device, with work on the other devices to follow after that. Given his credentials and independent high-level confirmation from scientists who had reproduced his work, we were excited to move forward with this particular scientist.

Things went well and were very positive for the first couple of months. He contacted Dr. Bravo several times a week to say he was working on the project and was quite excited about it, although he apologized that the work was going more slowly than he had hoped.

In mid-March, there was a sudden change. He called Dr. Bravo to say that he was receiving threats from "foreign nationals" that had to do with his other job obligations. He said that phone calls with the Orion Project Board had been recorded and "played back" to him. He said there was no problem with us (The Orion Project) - in fact, several times over the past couple of months, he reiterated that his handlers in the Intelligence Community had checked us out and okayed our working together. He confirmed to Dr. Bravo that he planned to finish the device he was working on and come to work with us in the future. But then, over a course of six days, he changed his stance from "Yes, I'm anxious and excited about working with you guys" to "No, I can't work with you."

Dr. Bravo had multiple conversations with him during that period. He said several people who worked in "security" visited him and they gave him disturbing information. One of these he identified (and named) was a past Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Apparently, he was getting disinformation - because he had previously mentioned multiple times that we had been thoroughly checked out by the Intelligence Community before he was allowed to sign a contract with us.

Nothing had changed about us in the past few months. Hence, someone, somewhere must have decided that he indeed was capable of producing a paradigm-changing device, and The Orion Project was the group that could get it out to the world - and wanted that work to stop. This is called oppositional research or "oppo research", and it consists of distorting truth or telling absolute lies meant to deceive. One absurd statement he made is that he was told that we were teaching terrorists how to explode weapons of mass destruction by using their minds.

Just after this occurred, three more scientists who had agreed to work with us - with impeccable credentials and experience in the aerospace industry, a major government laboratory and military projects - were all provided with disinformation or threatened in some way to keep them from working with us. This is an astonishing example of how a group who wishes to retain power - this group called "Majestic" - keeps its grip on the world, maintaining the fossil fuel economy with its multi-trillion dollar derivatives value. Coal-mine shafts collapse worldwide and kill many, vast amounts of oil continue to spew into the Gulf of Mexico, while many in the world continue without basic energy resources.

We must have been on the right track for these beasts to circle their wagons with illegal wire-tapping of our conversations, interference with a legal contract, and bringing in a powerful former CIA director to intimidate and kill this initiative.

Further, since we started The Orion Project, Dr. Greer has received multiple death threats and repeatedly been stalked. This has accelerated in the last year. There are FBI files open on this as well as local law enforcement files. Dr. Greer's computer was hacked into by one of the most lethal programs a criminal can use. One of our chief engineers who is volunteering with The Orion Project had his email hacked into. A specific email from an inventor with a sensitive document that involved a Department of Defense memo and the inventor's contact information was deleted from his inbox - these were the only things tampered with.

So, what can we do in the face of these highly orchestrated suppression efforts?

We have, in the last couple of weeks, created a very extensive file (including both audio and paper documents) that contains information relating to these events. In the event that anything happens to any of us (injury, false legal charges, disappearance, death), and we cannot go forward, copies of this information will be released to the public. The file includes every bit of information about the scientists who can do this work and are not allowed to as well as very reliable evidence and information about those involved in the suppression - names, addresses, phone numbers, specific details of actions.

We have contacts who can get it to the President, as well as the highest people in the media and Hollywood. And it will be released to you. We feel this is the best strategic step we can take because we cannot enter into protracted legal battles with these individuals with limitless money and power. Our one weapon - the best one we could have - is the truth, and the documentation we have of the truth.

Our goal is not to get into endless fights with these corrupt individuals; we just want to give humanity a chance to move forward with earth-saving, life-saving technologies.

We have not raised the three million dollars we had hoped for to open a laboratory and invest in equipment and staff. We have only received enough to provide modest grants to people working on their own. With no facility, people who are senior scientists and engineers cannot quit their day jobs without assurance that we have a place to bring them and give them salaries.

We have concluded at this point that people working on their own without collaborative support or project management are not going to be able to do this work successfully. If there is anyone who has a fully operational technology, please go the www.theorionproject.org and review the protocol we have for moving forward. Of course, we will sign non-disclosure agreements.

We have some very qualified engineers who understand the complexity and the urgency of the situation. Dr. Greer, Dr. Loder, Dr. Bravo, and these engineers are volunteering their time and energy. None of us has ever taken a salary or any compensation for our efforts solely because we believe in what we are doing. So, if you know anyone or any group who has a legitimate technology and they are willing to cooperate transparently and honestly with the testing and reproduction of it so that it can be verified and shown to be legitimate, they are welcome to contact us.

With any technology, it is crucial to follow the scientific method of evaluation. There are inventors who say they have technologies that work, but they do not know how they work. Over the years, Dr. Greer has uncovered many frauds. An example has to do with one technology that Dr. Greer and Dr. Loder were called to evaluate. This was brought from another country and was actually a circuit embedded in a plastic resin that appeared to be pulling energy from the zero point or ether. The late Eugene Mallove, PhD (MIT - he is the scientist who blew the whistle on the distortion of cold fusion data and the coverup) was also involved in this evaluation. It turned out that this technology was actually a clever circuit that was tricking the meters and causing what is known as a power phase angle shift (the electronics people know what this means), but the bottom line is that many people had sunk money into this, and it was a clever fraud. This is why we require transparency. We are professionals. We have very professional engineers. We do not wish to be involved in a sleight of hand trick. We also cannot at this time fund people's ideas. We have come to the realization that in order to get this work done, we must set up a secure lab, properly equipped with scientific research equipment and a professional scientific staff.

We are also in the process of completing a professional proposal for funding. The individual writing it is first-rate and highly qualified. We have an extensive amount of research and information in this proposal that we believe will make it the best proposal put forward in the new energy field. We will make this proposal available to foundations. We have always realized that adequately outfitting a lab and bringing in the best talent will require millions of dollars. Although we have just endured the intimidation of these scientists (reported above), several more excellent scientists stand ready to work with us. So, if you are a personal point of contact to someone you think would be interested in funding really new energy sources, please feel free to contact us.

It has been a very trying two years, culminating in the recent events we have just reported. Yet we see the good future that is possible for humanity. We want to thank the many amazing people throughout the world who have supported our efforts and continue to support us.

Thank you,

The Board of Directors of The Orion Project