File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Another Night" is a dance song by Real McCoy from their album Another Night. It was one of their biggest hits, reaching number eighteen in Germany, number three on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in the U.S. during the holiday season of 1993-1994, number two on the UK Singles Chart and number one on the Australian ARIA Chart. In the U.S., the single was certified Platinum by the RIAA, spent 40 weeks in the Top 40, and became the best-selling single by a German act in U.S. rock history. It was produced by the Berman Brothers and AxelFF (Axel Wernecke) at the Boogie Park Studios Hamburg. It was mixed by Andreas "Boogieman" Herbig.

According to O-Jay's weblog, "Another Night" was inspired by both the Coca-Cola theme tune and "More and More" by Captain Hollywood Project.

In Billboard Magazine's Top 100 songs of the first 50 years of the Hot 100, "Another Night" was ranked at number 91. As a number three hit, it is the lowest ranked song to be listed on this chart.

In the song, the female vocalist, Karin Kasar, longs to be with an anonymous individual, claiming that every night she is with him, but only in her dreams. Olaf Jeglitza backs up this notion as the man's voice in the woman's head, saying the things she wants to hear and promising to fulfill her desires. Additionally, Karin goes on to sing that when she later awakes, she is alone again until the next night, carrying on the theme of unrequited love.

Another Night is the third studio album by dance group Real McCoy.

Released in 1995, it peaked at #6 on the UK Albums Chart and #13 on the U.S. Billboard 200.

Real McCoy, originally known as M.C. Sar & The Real McCoy, is a German band, best known for their 1993/1994 singles "Another Night" and "Run Away", which were both #1 singles in Australia and reached the Top 10 hits in the United States and the United Kingdom.

Real McCoy is the brainchild of German rapper and producer Olaf "O-Jay" Jeglitza. After having released a few limited edition 12" singles in Germany under various project names (e.g. The Alliance, The Admirers[3] on his own label "Freshline Records" (founded 1988 by Frank "Quickmix" Hassas & O-Jay), their first major breakthrough came in December 1989 when a cover of the Technotronic hit "Pump Up The Jam" went to #16 on the German singles chart. Juergen Wind joined the production team before the single was released.

At this point, the act was faceless so for the second single, the original track "It's On You", singer Patsy Petersen and 'rapper' Shampro were enlisted to join the group. O-Jay felt uncomfortable being the frontman, so Shampro mimed O-Jay's raps. The single, on its release in 1990, climbed to #11 in Germany. An album On The Move was also released.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/


