Side Effects: Death

Confessions of a Pharma Insider

[img=http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/JohnVirapen-SideEffects-Death-Confe.png]

"I bribed a Swedish professor to enhance the registration of Prozac in Sweden". —John Virapen
by Virapen on January 15, 2010 - http://sideeffectsdeath.com/

Pharmaceutical companies want to keep people sick. They want to make others think that they are sick. And they do this for one reason: money.

Did you know:

• Pharmaceutical companies invest more than 35,000 Euro (over $50,000) per physician each year to get them to prescribe their products?

• More than 75 percent of leading scientists in the field of medicine are “paid for” by the pharmaceutical industry?

• Corruption prevailed in the approval and marketing of drugs in some cases?

•  Illnesses are made up by the pharmaceutical industry and specifically marketed to enhance sales and market shares for the companies in question?

• Pharmaceutical companies increasingly target children?

Side Effects: Death is the true story of corruption, bribery and fraud written by Dr. John Virapen, who has been called THE Big Pharma Insider. During his 35 years in the pharmaceutical industry internationally (most notably as general manager of Eli Lilly and Company in Sweden), Virapen was responsible for the market of several drugs, all of them with side effects.


About Dr. John Virapen

Dr. John Virapen (1943) has worked more than 35 years in the pharmaceutical industry. In Sweden he was general manager of Eli Lilly and Company and was involved in the market launch of several drugs, also such with massive side effects. He has written his first book about  his activity as a manager in the pharmaceutical industry in 2006 under the pseudonym “John Rengen” the book “Rubio Talks – A story from a  pharma- insider“. 
Early 2008 his new book “Side Effects Death” was published and is currently a best-seller.

He is now dedicated to expose and create awareness on how the pharmaceutical industry is operating with their own best interest as primary goal.


-------------------------------------------


John Virapen - Side Effects- Death- Confessions of a Pharma-Insider.avi

Duration: 0:40:05
Bit rate: 128kbps
Dimensions: 480x320
Size: 205mb

Dr John Rengen Virapen Big Pharma Whistleblower Speaks Out at the AZK in Germany (Full Edit)


John Virapen - Side Effects- Death- Confessions of a Pharma-Insider.mp3

Stunning Big Pharma Revelations! World Exclusive February 15th 2010 Radio Interview with John Virapen


John Virapen - Side Effects- Death- Confessions of a Pharma-Insider.pdf

This e-book is a must read! Recently released in English and available on hardcover and pdf online: http://www.virtualbookworm.com/ 
