Pour Me A Drink (Twirly Records, 2008) by Edwina Hayes Edwina Hayes' second album, Pour Me A Drink, finds her eschewing the highly produced sound of her debut release for a delightfully intimate, acoustic offering. The decision to record a stripped-back sound pays dividends on Hayes' exquisite self-penned material, allowing plenty of room for Hayes' gentle guitar picking and unrelentingly beautiful voice. The gentle melancholy of Hayes' mellow folk-pop couldn't sound better. Songs like Run and I Won't Say Your Name positively ache with the weight of longing and sorrow, though Hayes' sublime vocals ensure that it's a bittersweet affair throughout, with the unerring comfort of her sweet tones. The title track is a delicious bluesy saunter that wears its world-weary heart well and truly on its sleeve, with a refrain that almost sighs with resignation: Pour me a drink / light me a cigarette / help me forget / the things that I've done. In a nice touch, the last pages of the CD booklet are scattered with the names of an assortment of Hayes' favourite artists, ranging from the likes of Van Morrison and Nanci Griffith to those who are still paying their dues in folk clubs up and down the country. Hayes also nods towards the influence of others with the inclusion of a couple of covers: Randy Newman's Feels Like Home and a heartbreaking interpretation of Richard Thompson's Waltzing's For Dreamers. A somewhat playful rendition of the traditional song Froggie Went A Courting also appears. For those already familiar with Hayes' winsome writing talents and seductive vocals, Pour Me A Drink provides the opportunity to fall in love all over again; for those discovering Hayes for the first time, it will surely be a case of love at first sight. --Written by: Mike Wilson www.folking.com 

1. Run 3:25                
2. Leave A Light On For You 3:02                
3. Waltzing's For Dreamers 3:35                
4. Season Of Love 2:40                
5. Call Me 3:33                
6. Pretty Lady 3:01                
7. Pour Me A Drink 3:59                
8. Froggie Went A Courting 5:28                
9. I Won't Say Your Name 2:32                
10. Feels Like Home 4:14                
11. Irish Waltz  5:07

CD ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
