WORK'S WITH INTERNET EXPLORER 8!



IE7Pro is a must have add-on for Internet Explorer, which includes a lot of features and tweaks to make your IE friendlier, more useful, secure and customizable. IE7Pro includes Tabbed Browsing Management, Spell Check, Inline Search, Super Drag Drop, Crash Recovery, Proxy Switcher, Mouse Gesture, Tab History Browser, Web Accelerator, User Agent Switcher, Webpage Capturer, AD Blocker, Flash Block, Greasemonkey like User Scripts platform, User Plug-ins, MiniDM, Google sponsored search,IE Faster and many more power packed features. You can customize not just Internet Explorer, but even your favorite website according to your need and taste using IE7Pro.
Quick Guide
　Download and Install
　IE7Pro User Guide
　Frequently Asked Questions
　User Support
　Multi-Language
　Report Bugs
　Request Features
　Subscribe to Newsletter
New Release
Changelogs: IE7Pro 2.4.9 (Apr 26,2010): 
1. Fix some bugs.
IE7Pro Features
Enhance Internet Explorer's Tabbed Browsing Capabilities
1. Double click to close tab.
2. Open new tab from address bar. 
3. Enable/disable tab browse history manager. 
4. Enable/disable crash recovery 
5. Move the IE menu bar above the address bar 
6. Hide search bar. 
7. Modify the maxium number of parallel connections to the web server. 
8. Select the external program to view page source
Super Drag and Drop
With Super Drag and Drop enabled, you can open new links by simply dragging and dropping the link on the page. You can also Drag and Drop to search selected words with the default search engine or save the selected photo when Shift is held down.
Mouse Gesture
Mouse Gesture allow the user to execute commonly performed tasks (open/close a tab, go back, go forward , print , scrolling page etc.) by drawing a simple symbol on the screen.
Crash Recovery
Crash Recovery automatically restores all opened pages after a crash happened.
Save Page to Image
Flexible and easy-to-use tool that converts html page from any URL to image. It captures the whole web page's content into JPG, BMP , GIF , PNG or TIFF on the fly.
Quick Proxy Switcher 
Different internet connections do often require completely different proxy server settings and it's a real pain to change them manually.
AD Blocker
Blocks all forms of advertising, including Flash ads, rich media, fly-ins, slide-ins, pop-ups, pop-unders, spyware and adware ads, and messenger ads.
Greasy monkey alike User Script
IE7Pro Script is to Internet Explorer7 as Greasemonkey is to Firefox. It lets you remix the Web via scripts.
Inline Search
Adds the inline search bar like firefox has, finds as you type, use the F3 and Enter Key to cycle between multiple results, highlight all results.
Spell Check
IE7Pro Spell Check will check any text you enter and alert you to possible errors by adding a red underline to any potentially misspelled words.
Grab&Drag
Grab & Drag mode permits you to "grab" the web page and move it within the pane by clicking and dragging the page.