Title: Kráska v Nesnázích aka Beauty in Trouble
Year: 2006 
Country: Czech Republic
Language: Czech 
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,38 GB 
Genre: Comedy / Drama
Runtime: 110 min
Resolution: 640 X 352
Bitrates: 129kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
IMDB Rating: 6.9/10 (465 votes) 
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0449303/
Directed by: Jan Hrebejk
Starring: Anna Geislerová ... Marcela Cmolíková 
Josef Abrhám ... Evzen Benes 
Jana Brejchová ... Zdena 
Jirí Schmitzer ... Richard 
Emília Vásáryová ... Libuse Cmolíková 
Roman Luknár ... Jarda Cmolík 
Jan Hrusínský ... Havlík 
Jirí Machácek ... Patocka 
Michaela Mrvíková ... Lucina Cmolíková 
Adam Misík ... Kuba Cmolík 
Jaromíra Mílová ... Havlíková 

Synopis: A flood in Prague has damaged Marcela and Jarda's home. He behaves boorishly over their son's asthma so she threatens divorce and takes the kids to her mom's, a possessive woman whose husband is a creep. While Marcela is there, Jarda is jailed for possession of a stolen car (he's a mechanic who's turned his garage into a chop shop). Benes, the urbane man whose car it is, befriends Marcela, and soon she has options. Jarda's mother and her mother push her in opposite directions. Jarda has animal magnetism, Benes offers security, and her own body and mind may be at cross purposes. The Cold War is over, Czechs are free to behave well or badly. What's best? (IMDB)

This movie had 5 wins & 2 nominations, including the Special Prize of the Jury in Karlovy Vary International Film Festival. 

This torrent has subtitles in English.

Brazilian Portuguese subtitle: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3596448/kraska-v-nesnazich-pb


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you. 


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:         
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ 
