Artist: Alusa Fallax
Album: Intorno alla mia cattiva educazione

Tracklist:

01. Soliloquio (2:58)
02. Non Fatemi Caso (4:28)
03. Intorno Alla Mia Cattiva Educazione (4:13)
04. Fuori di me,Dentro di me (3:03)
05. Riflessioni Al Tramonto (3:04)
06. Il Peso Delle Tradizioni (1:40)
07. Carta Carbone (3:36)
08. Perchè Ho Venduto Il Mio Sangue (1:43)
09. Per Iniziare Una Vita (4:20)
10. E' Oggi (3:05)
11. E' Così Poco Quel Che Conosco (2:32)
12. Ciò Che Nasce Con Me (4:12)
13. Splendida sensazione (5:45)

Band:

Guido Gabet: guitar
Massimino Paretti: keyboards
Guido Cirla: bass
Duty Cirla: percussion, vocals
Mario Cirla: saxophon, flute

Dati:

Genere: Progressive Rock
Anno: 1974
Nazione: Italia
Compressione: Nessuna/None
Covers: Incluse


.::INFO::.
ITALIANO
Già attivi dal 1965 come gruppo da balera, tramutano nel 1969 il loro nome da "Adelfi" in "Alusa Fallax", ritenendolo commercialmente più elegante... e fin qui… contenti loro. Purtroppo, i primi due 45 giri incisi in stile melodico sotto la nuova denominazione per l'etichetta "West Side", deludono immediatamente le aspettative commerciali del quintetto milanese: vendono poco e vengono distribuiti ancor peggio. Un esordio del genere avrebbe stroncato chiunque, ma i neonati "Alusa Fallax" non mollano, anzi, mettono in moto una strategia di sopravvivenza che col tempo si rivela vincente, che poi è la stessa che adottarono "I Sagittari" prima di diventare i "Delirium". Da un lato, la band continua ad esibirsi pubblicamente come orchestra da ballo; dall'altro, elabora privatamente un discorso d'avanguardia assimilando tutto il meglio del movimento prog che, nel frattempo, sta sfilando sotto i loro occhi. Passano 4 anni, ed ecco che gli Alusa ricompaiono in gran spolvero a due festival pop (Roma e Napoli), ottenendo un contratto discografico con la Fonit (che si sa, in termini di qualità tecnica è piuttosto esigente) e sfornano nel 1974 un album concept sorprendentemente sofisticato: "Intorno alla mia cattiva educazione". Il tema è quello di un fantoccio che si libera dei suoi vincoli per riappropriarsi della sua esistenza e della sua anima. Lo svolgimento musicale è altrettanto strutturato e complesso: un'apertura quasi "etnica" in tempi dispari in cui prevalgono flauti raddoppiati e percussioni ("Soliloquio"). Un successivo crescendo di orchestrazioni completa il lato A fino ad esplodere in una cacofonia timbrica che sottolinea la definitiva emancipazione del personaggio principale. Poi, il disco procede in un alternarsi di "racconti" che includono momenti di raffinata bellezza e di grande respiro: la sognante "Ciò che nasce con me" è uno dei brani più evocativi del disco. Album decisamente ben eseguito, arrangiato e segnato quasi come un graffio dalla rabbiosa voce del cantante Cirla, paga però lo scotto di contenere troppi "rimandi" a gruppi già avviati (es: Banco in "Fuori di me, dentro di me", Jethro Tull in "Il peso delle tradizioni", New Trolls in "Riflessioni al Tramonto" e PFM, specie nel finale), dando l'impressione che il gruppo voglia cimentarsi "per forza" a suonare un po’ di tutto. Loro stessi ammetteranno che l'album era "nato quasi per gioco". Nondimeno, la preponderante presenza di un gusto classico-accademico (dato dalla formazione dei singoli componenti), sembra quasi soffocare quegli spazi che avrebbero potuto essere concessi ad un'avanguardia più provocativa. Il disco viene stampato in 5.000 copie ma la sua diffusione venne penalizzata dal fatto che il mercato italiano stava ormai muovendosi in un'altra direzione (leggi "disco-music"). Il gruppo ritorna così nell'anonimato delle balere, resistendo come tale fino al 1979. Il mio personale consiglio, specie agli estimatori di musica classica, è di non lasciarsi sfuggire l'ascolto di questo storico album nato appunto "per gioco" e di lasciarsi trasportare dalle sue atmosfere cesellate, risolute ed oniriche. Poi qualcuno dirà… "la PFM era di ben altro livello"…. è vero…ma gli Alusa Fallax potranno sempre dire: "C'eravamo anche noi!"
Info da

ENGLISH
In the part of the influence by the music that Massimo Parretti that took charge of the leader of this band made remarks on, there might be a little unexpected impression. If the music that this Alusa Fallax did is considered, the influence from the band of Prog Rock of Britain will be an album of the Beatles and be one especially masterpiece from the flow and construction from which Prog Rock of Italy boasts as a result to follow to some degree and to consider. This album is not music made up of the activity of about ten years after they debut. The expression of overwhelming music of this album can be counted as one historical work made at the term of growth of Prog Rock of Italy. Alusa Fallax has been formed in Milan in 1969. The band might have been constructing the form of directionality and the expression concerning some music as a guess. The flow that reflects the form by the classical music that leader's Massimo Parretti originally has in this album will be able to be caught enough if it listens to this album. Or, the fact to make the element of the opera and the play that this only album that they announced started doing as a stage of the plan a purpose as a concept. All concepts are united as for the album and the tune is connected attended with the form of the short piece collection. A lot of bands that supported the dawn of Prog Rock of Italy of the 70's and the market might certainly have had the influence concerning the music character of another country. It is also true for Prog Rock of Italy to contemplate the activity in an overseas market in the latter half of the 70's and to have introduced lyrics in English. And, each band has established the original music that is as for Prog Rock of a lot of Italy. The culture and the blood of Italy might have progressed native attended with an indeed original melody that is. However, the method of expressing this album gives the impression of special further in influencing and having followed other music characters. They are having them announce two singles EP before this album is announced. The plan of this album might already have been constructed as an idea the guess perhaps. However, it might be a little difficult to hear of the content of two singles as a sound source. And, because it is a sound source of the phantom, the existence of the material said that the recording will end as 2nd album might never have the details between their fans. However, the good element that can be felt in the music character of Prog Rock of Italy of the 70's is almost included in this album that they only announced. A lot of Prog rock of Italy that does the music derived from the element, Beat Rock, and psychedelic of symphonic and Jazz Rock exists. Music whom Alusa Fallax did is having it absorb and express various Music's in the technical respect elements. The composition developed one after another attended with the shape along the concept projects overwhelmingly. There might be diversity and construction that cannot be expressed as Prog Rock of simple Italy. Or, the part of an aggressive melody and lyrical makes it unite completely and express. Emotional song of rough Vocalist. Establishment of sound of band by Cirla brother, decision, and expression. Expression and leadership ability including element of classics by Massimo Parretti. This album projects completely in the history of Prog Rock of Italy. All the cultures and the bloods of Italy might be blocked in this album. The flute in close relation to the percussion instrument that constructs a light rhythm of five rhythms twines round "Soliloquio" the element of lyrical. Coming in succession of guitar in close relation to sound of keyboard with originality. Flow of Riff of symphonic and aggressive guitar. It starts anticipating as a start of the album. The song twines from Intro of the synthesizer to construct the sound of "Non Fatemi Caso" strings with a gentle piano melody. Song emotionally expressed. Part of unison of guitar and flute. The melody is expressed attended with the part of lyrical. The expression of feelings of Prog Rock of Italy is exactly blocked. "Intorno Alla Mia Cattiva Educazione" rushes into a classic complete element and the element of the baroque from the part of aggressive Riff. The flow that returns to ensemble and the theme of the flute that gives the impression of the indoor music is complete. In "Fuori Di Me and Dentro Di Me", the melody of Horn and the synthesizer is features. And, development and the sound with diversity the part of Folk by acoustic twining are constructed. The melody of an aggressive flute and the guitar is taken an active part to "Riflessioni Al Tramonto". The rhythm of five rhythms is made a base and the performance is expressed emotionally. And, the tune constructs a complete melody further accompanied by the chorus. Melody of guitar and Sax with elements of a few Jazz Rock. And, Coda by the melody of the transparency of Prog Rock of Italy and opening is perfect. In "Il Peso Delle Tradizioni", an original melody of aggressive Intro and the guitar of the synthesizer and the flute is features. It advances attended with the dash feeling. The performance with the part of the hunting is a little suitable for the tune well, too. Various musical instruments are intertwined and it progresses complexly. As for "Carta Carbone", the obbligato of the organ twines round the rhythm of a little Latin well. The song, the flute, and the percussion instrument emotionally expressed give a good flow. The tune shifts to the part where Rock from a native part to Britain that is more elegant attended with the element of classics is reminiscent. As for "Perche Ho Venduto Il Mio Sangue", some an atonal heavy sounds twine round the part of talking. An original board starts from this tune as B Side LP. It might be exactly effective with development that expands the expression of the album further as an album to which the concept is united. "Per Iniziare Una Vita" is a tune where Folk exists together to the element of the baroque. An acoustic part and the part of complete lyrical give the peaceful image. Of course, the synthesizer and the wind instrument also contribute to the tune. "E Oggi" is a tune to which Sax and the organ are taken an active part. In the tune, a part the melody and rhythm enchantments is features. The melody of "E Cosi Poco Quel Che Conosco" that starts next during this tune has already appeared. Sax that gives melody of hunting. Aggressive ensemble has a good flow. "E Cosi Poco Quel Che Conosco" is a melody of Sax and the organ to get on a complete dash feeling. Or, Vocal emotionally sung is expressed. Aggressive expression of guitar. These compositions are expressed well. There might be an element of overall and intensely advanced Jazz Rock. Especially, the solution by Chord in the part of Coda is perfect. "Cio Che Nasce Con Me" has perfect lyrical. Piano progress of Chord and obbligato of flute. Expression of Vocal grandly sung. Unison of guitar and song. The melody where only Prog Rock of Italy can be expressed is blocked. As for "Splendida Sensazione", following classic music with the piano and the flute is given. In addition, the guitar and the synthesizer twine and the tune shifts to a grand part. Flow of element of symphonic and melody of solemnity. The tune is done suitable for the end of the album and solemnly. The band is dissolving as a result in 1979. And, this studio album that had been only announced was always talked about as their materials. This album of them might project in the work that the band of Prog Rock of a lot of Italy announced. The element of Prog Rock of Italy of the 70's is almost blocked in this album. I must feel feelings and the blood of Prog Rock of Italy. 
Info from www.progarchives.com