The Strategic Infrastructure Security course picks up right where Tactical Perimeter Defense leaves off. The second course in the SCP line-up leads to a certification of Security Certified network  Professional (SCNP). It will give a network administrator the additional hands on skills needed to protect their network from the inside out. This course teaches you about prevention techniques as well as giving the candidate an understanding of risk analysis and security policy creation in a blended technology environment. The up-to-date security lessons and intense, hands-on labs bring a real world network security to training candidates.

The is the official training for the SCNP exam and is designed to validate the foundational skills required by security professionals. These skills include, but are not limited to: Cryptography, Hardening Linux Computers, Hardening Windows Computers, Ethical Hacking Techniques, Security on the Internet and World Wide Web, Performing a Risk Analysis, Creating a Security Policy and Analyzing Packet Signatures. Strategic Infrastructure Security replaces Network Defense and Countermeasures with updated technology and intense, hands- on labs.

COURSE CONTENTS:

Lesson 1 - Cryptogaphy and Data Security

Cryptogaphy and Data Security
History of Cryptography
The number lock analogy
Cryptography Terminology
Caesar and Character Substitution
Linguistic Patterns: frequency
Polyalphabetic Ciphers
Vigenère chart, to be used with a keyword
Other Ciphers
Others
Rotor Machines
Lessons learned from cracking Enigma
Introduction to CrypTool
Demo - Installing Cryptool
Demo - Classical Encryption Analysis
Topic 1B: Math and Algorithms
Relatively Prime
Mod Math
Mod Math Examples
Logic Operations
Topic 1C: Private Key Exchange
Keys
Symmetric Keys
DES in CBC mode
Feistel structure
Symmetric Algorithms
Digital Encryption Standard (DES)
DES Modes of Operation
Demo - DES ECB and CBC Analysis
Triple DES
Advanced Encryption Standard: Rijndael
Key Management
Topic 1D: Public Key Exchange
Asymmetric key cryptography
The basic process of asymmetric key cryptography
Public key cryptography requirements
What is ‘computationally infeasible’?
Asymmetric vs. Symmetric - Comparison
Diffie-Hellman
Diffie-Hellman Example
RSA
RSA Example
RSA Example, encrypt
Demo - Create Your RSA Key Pair
Demo - Creating RSA Keys
Demo - Encrypting and Decrypting with RSA
Demo - Cracking an RSA Encrypted Message
Public Key Management
Topic 1E: Message Authentication
Lesson 1 Review

Lesson 2 - Hardening LINUX

Hardening LINUX
Demo - Navigating in Linux
Demo - Exploring YaST
Topic 2B - Investigate Process Management in Linux
Demo - Viewing System Information
Demo - Modifying Process Behavior
System Startup / Shutdown Security
Demo - Password Protection of Linux Startup
Topic 2B - Investigate Process Management in Linux (Cont.)
Demo - Stopping Unneeded Services
Demo - Modifying Process Runlevels
Topic 2B - Investigate Process Management in Linux (Cont..)
Demo - Mounting a Device
Topic 2B - Investigate Process Management in Linux (Cont…)
Demo - Installing Webmin via RPM
Demo - Installing John the Ripper from Source Code
Topic 2C – Manage Linux User and Filesystem Security
Demo - Creating and Modifying Users and Groups
Topic 2C – Manage Linux User and Filesystem Security (Cont.)
Demo - Changing User Contexts With SU
Topic 2C – Manage Linux User and Filesystem Security (Cont..)
Shadow Password File
Managing Passwords
Demo - Viewing the Password Files
Demo - Managing Passwords
Topic 2C – Manage Linux User and Filesystem Security (Cont...)
Demo - Viewing File Details
File and Directory Permissions
Five characters in the permission fields
Binary, Octal Numbers, and Permissions
Topic 2C – Manage Linux User and Filesystem Security (Cont....)
Demo - Creating Object Ownership
Demo - Assigning Permissions
Demo - Verifying Permissions
umask Settings
Demo - Configuring umask Settings
Topic 2C – Manage Linux User and Filesystem Security (Cont…..)
Demo - Using PAM with vsFTP
Topic 2C - Manage Linux User and Filesystem Security (Cont.…..)
Demo - Logging Recent Login Activity
Topic 2D - Manage Linux Security
Demo - Configuring Network Interfaces
Topic 2D - Manage Linux Security (Cont.)
Demo - Managing Telnet with Xinetd
Topic 2D - Manage Linux Security (Cont..)
Demo - Controlling Access with TCP Wrappers
Topic 2D - Manage Linux Security (Cont...)
Demo - Configuring an SSH Server
Demo - Configuring an SSH Client
Topic 2D - Manage Linux Security (Cont....)
Demo - Using SCP to Securely Transfer Files
Demo - Preventing root SSH logins by Modifying the sshd_config file
Securing Network Services
Demo - Sharing Data with NFS
Topic 2D - Manage Linux Security (Cont.....)
Demo - Verifying Export Permissions
Topic 2D - Manage Linux Security (Cont......)
Demo - Configuring the Samba Server
Topic 2E - Create scripts for Linux
Demo - I/O Redirection
Shell scripts
Simple script examples
Demo -Writing Simple Shell scripts
Topic 2F - Harden Linux
Demo - Installing and Exploring Bastille
Topic 2E - Create scripts for Linux (Cont.)
Lesson 2 Review

Lesson 3 - Hardening Windows

Hardening Windows
Topic 3A – Examine the concepts of Windows 2003 infrastructure security
Demo - Configuring a Custom MMC and GPO
Demo - Editing a GPO
Topic 3B – Examine the fundamentals of authentication in Windows 2003
Demo - Configuring NTLMv2 Authentication
Topic 3C – Implement Windows 2003 security configuration tools
Demo - Securing Administrator Account Access
Demo - Testing Administrative Access
Group Policies
Demo - Verifying Password Requirements
Security Templates
Demo - Analyzing Default Password Settings of Security Templates
Demo - Creating a Custom Security Template
Topic 3C - Implement Windows 2003 security configuration tools (Cont.)
Demo - Investigating the Security Configuration and Analysis Snap-In
Demo - Implementing the Template
Demo - Analyzing the Current Security Settings of the Local System
Topic 3D – Secure Windows 2003 resources
Demo - Setting Registry Permissions
Demo - Exporting Registry Information
Demo - Blocking Registry Access
Topic 3D – Secure Windows 2003 resources (Cont.)
Demo - Installing Security Configuration Wizard
Demo - Using the Security Configuration Wizard
Topic 3E – Configure Windows 2003 auditing and logging
Demo - Enabling Auditing
Demo - Logging SAM Registry Access
Topic 3E – Configure Windows 2003 auditing and logging (Cont.)
Demo - Viewing the Registry Audit
Topic 3E - Configure Windows 2003 auditing and logging (Cont..)
Demo - Creating Events
Demo - Viewing Event Logs
Topic 3F - Examine and configure EFS on Windows 2003
Demo - Encrypting Files
Topic 3G - Examine the methods of securing networ communications in a Windows 2003 network
Demo - Configuring TCP/IP in the Registry
Topic 3G - Examine the methods of securing network communications in a Windows 2003 network (Cont.)
Demo - Configuring Port and Protocol Filtering
Topic 3G - Examine the methods of securing network communications in a Windows 2003 network (Cont..)
Demo - Enabling Windows Firewall
Demo - Configuring Windows Firewall
Demo - Configure Server 2003
Lesson 3 Review

Lesson 4 - Attack Technique

Attack Techniques
Topic 4A - Network Reconnaissance
Information Learned in the Whois Lookup
Topic 4B - Mapping the Network
Demo - Using Windows Tracing Tools
Using Graphical Tracing Tools
Demo - Using VisualRoute
Topic 4C: Sweeping the Network
Ping Sweep Tools
SuperScan 3.0 in default mode, before a scan begins
Demo - Using Super Scan
Topic 4D: Scanning the Network
Demo - Installing Linux Tools
Demo - Using Nmap
Demo - Using SuperScan
Identifying the Operating System and O/S Version
Demo - Using Nmap to Identify an Operating System
Demo - Using Nmap Front End
Topic 4E - Perform Vulnerability Scanning
Demo - Installing Nessus
Topic 4E - Perform Vulnerability Scanning (Cont.)
Demo - Configuring Nessus Scan
Demo - Custom Nessus Scanning
Demo - Network Scanning
Topic 4F - Viruses, Worms, & Trojan Horses
The Trojan Horse
Famous Trojans
Topic 4G - Gain Control over a Network System
Demo -Windows to Windows Netcat
Demo - Linux to Windows Netcat
Topic 4H - Record Keystrokes
Demo - Using Software Keystroke Logging
Topic 4I - Crack Encrypted Passwords
Topic 8J: Reveal Hidden Passwords
Demo - Revealing Hidden Passwords
Topic 4K: Social Engineering
Topic 4L: Perform a Denial of Service
Demo - Flooding with Udpflood
Lesson 4 Review


Lesson 5 - Security on the Internet and the WWW

Security on the Internet and the WWW
Major Components of the Internet
Weak Points of the Internet
Topic 5B - Secure DNS Servers
Demo - Installing a DNS Server on Windows Server 2003
Topic 5B - Secure DNS Servers (Cont.)
Demo - Creating a Primary Reverse Lookup Zone
Demo - Creating a Primary Forward Lookup Zone
Demo - Creating A and PTR Records in the DNS
Demo - Enabling Zone Transfers
Demo - Reviewing Pollution and Recursion Settings
Demo - Filtering the Interface to Accept Only DNS Traffic
Topic 5B - Secure DNS Servers (Cont..)
Best Practices for DNS Hardening
Topic 5C - Identify attack points on the Internet, and Secure Web Servers
IIS Security
Demo - Installing IIS 6.0
Demo - Implementing a Website
Demo - Starting and Stopping the Web Server
Topic 5C - Identify attack points on the Internet, and Secure Web Servers (Cont.)
Demo - Investigating IIS Security
Demo - Controlling Performance Settings
Topic 5C - Identify attack points on the Internet, and Secure Web Servers (Cont..)
Demo - Install the MBSA and Scan a system for vulnerabilities
Demo - Applying a Patch to Mitigate and IIS 6.0 Vulnerability
Topic 5C - Identify attack points on the Internet, and Secure Web Servers (Cont...)
Demo - Installing Apache 2.x on SuSe Linux 10.0
Demo - Basic Configuration of the Apache Web server
Demo - Securing your Apache Web Server - Disabling Modules
Apache Best Practices
Topic 5D - Secure Internet Users
Demo - Installing Internet Explorer 7.0
Demo - Viewing the General Settings for Your Browser
Demo - Viewing the Advanced Settings
Default Security Settings
Demo - Examine Security Levels for Zones
Demo - Adding Sites to a Zone
Other Features
Email Security
Demo - Basic Security Settings to Take Care of With Your Email Client
Lesson 5 Review
Lesson 6 - Risk Analysis

Risk Analysis
Topic 6A - Concepts of Risk Analysis
Predicting Risk
Quantifying Risk
Minimize or Mitigate Risk
Costs Versus Protection
What is at Risk?
What is a Threat?
Vulnerability Analysis
Likelihood of Occurrence
Common Threats
Topic 6B - Methods of Risk Analysis
Qualitative Risk Analysis
Facilitated Risk Analysis Process (FRAP)
Vulnerability Levels
Impact Levels
Replacement Models
Topic 6C: The Process of Risk Analysis
Stage One: Inventory
Stage Two: Threat Assessment
Stage Three: Evaluation of Control
Stage Four: Management
Stage Five: Monitoring
An Alternative Method
General Techniques to Minimize Risk
General Techniques
Specific Minimization Techniques
Topic 6E - Continual Risk Analysis
Continuous Risk Assessment Process
Security Technology Management
Vulnerability Management
Exploitation Management
Systems Availability
Lesson 6 Review

Lesson 7 - Security Policy

Security Policy
Topic 7A - Concepts of Security Policies
Policy Benefits
How to Start
A Question of Trust
Policy Committee
Are Policies Political?
Topic 7B - The Policy Design
Policy Standards
10 Sections
Topic 7C - Policy Contents
The Acceptable Use Policy
The User Account Policy
The Remote Access Policy
The Information Protection Policy
The Network Connection Policy
The Strategic Partner Policy
The Privileged Access Policy
The Password Policy
The Internet Access Policy
The Internet Policy
Miscellaneous Policies
Topic 7D - An Example Policy
Samples
Topic 7E - Incident Handling and Escalation Procedures
Sample Escalation Procedures for Security Incidents
Incident Handling
Topic 7F - Partner Policies
Sample Partner Connection Policy
Lesson 7 Review

Lesson 8 - Analyzing Packet Signatures

Analyzing Packet Signatures
Topic 8A - Describe the Concepts of Signature Analysis
Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE)
CVE Classification
Signatures
Come Common Exploits
Some Common Reconnaissance Scans
Some Common DoS Attacks
Topic 8D - Normal Traffic Signatures
Ping Signatures
Demo - Ping Signatures
Web Signatures
FTP Signatures
Telnet Signature
Topic 8E - Abnormal Traffic Signatures
Ping Sweep
Port Scan
Backdoor Signatures
Demo - Trojan Scans
Nmap Scans
Demo - Nmap scans
Lesson 8 Review
Course Closure


For more details goto:-http://www.careeracademy.com/index.asp?PageAction=VIEWPROD&ProdID=265