So Much For The Tax Hike Argument...
Thursday, February 18, 2010

In the past couple of days we’ve seen Republicans trying to misrepresent what President Obama has done for the taxes of the vast majority of working Americans. They want you to believe your taxes have increased. In fact the President has lowered taxes for 95 percent of Americans.  But that doesn’t count for much as long as that other 5 percent can dupe enough Tea Party types into thinking their taxes have actually been raised.


Those richest Americans have plenty of resources to get that accomplished, thanks to the Republicans. A shocking new report shows just how much the very wealthiest Americans have profited under the tax policies of the past few years.  The 400 richest Americans have seen their incomes sky rocket, while their tax rates have plummeted. That makes perfect sense. The more money you have, the more politicians you can buy. And the super-rich know they get more bang for their buck from Republican politicians. From 1992 to 2007, the incomes of the richest 400 Americans increased by seven-fold. Seven-FOLD. Meanwhile, most Americans didn’t experience a real income increase of seven PERCENT during that time. The income of the 400 richest Americans went up 637 percent! I think I’m starting to see where the “Lost Decade” went—straight into the pockets of those 400 richest individuals. The average income of those 400 people is $345 million per year. What in the name of God do they do for a living? My guess is nothing. The only job that pays that much is the job of just being rich. It just goes to show that in an unregulated economy, the money naturally flows to those who already have money, just like in a game of Monopoly. And when that starts happening, you know the game is almost over. But the truly obscene part is that, during the same time period, the tax burden of those people fell from 30 percent to 16.6 percent. Tax burden? There’s a misleading phrase. When you’re making $345 million, nothing is a burden. When you’re making $345 million per year and get taxed at a rate of 16.6 percent, you don’t have a tax “burden.” At the most, you have a minor tax annoyance. Having all that money go to a tiny handful of people doesn’t do anyone any good—not even the tiny handful of people. Really, does that 345th million make their lives any better than they would be with only 344 million? Wouldn’t they rather live in a fair and equitable society with slightly less money? Let’s put a little sanity back into our tax policies, and we’ll all be better off—even those of us who are already the most well off.