---------
Coast to coast AM, Oct 10, and 11 full untouched stream .rm files

This torrent contains 48 files - each in .rm format directly downloaded from premiere Radio Network servers via download managers.


Note - since this is a full stream which streamlink members can access, bumper music is also included! 

Each show ranges from part 0 to part 15. every 4 parts represents a full hour (while parts 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14 represent half hours). This is actually how the stream is layed out - not my doing!

I might consider joining the .rm files - but this way you get the full untouched stream.

Please do consider joining streamlink if you want full coast to coast membership and member benefits such as the biweekly chat sessions with George. 


Remember that I am on a dial-up server, so if you don't seed, then poof goes this torrent. So be kind, be nice -- and seed!

Shows included in this release:
Sunday 10-11-09:
Journalist James Nestor discussed how the brain achieves the feeling of "being high" in terms of neurology, biology, and physiology through meditations, illusions, common herbs, & audio and visual stimulations, all without using drugs. Breathing exercises or "breathwork" offers one of the most potent and beneficial ways to clear the mind and induce relaxation, he noted. Curiously, certain kinds of cheese, such as Stilton, are said to bring about odd and memorable dreams if eaten (around 1 oz.) just before sleep.

Specific kinds of audio can induce a variety of mental moods or physiological responses. Binaural Beats, in which a different frequency comes out of the left and right speaker, cause the brain to become confused, and create its own auditory track, he said. And listening to the Theta Wave Brain Sync can lull the mind into a creative and vibrant state, similar to what people experience just before falling asleep. 

Different visual illusions demonstrate the malleability of the brain, and how perceptions can be altered through imagery. In the 'Vomit Vector,' a series of dots appear to be moving and undulating even though they are completely stationary. He also shared some of his anthropological research, detailing how tribes in Brazil, for instance, ingest bizarre substances such as moth larvae to create altered or psychedelic states. 

Thunderbird Sightings

First hour guest, Ken Gerhard (book link) talked about sightings of Thunderbirds and other huge winged creatures. The legend of the Thunderbird is cross-cultural and runs across North American Indian tribes, he noted. In 1977, just after the Lawndale, Illinois incident where a large bird picked up a small boy, a photographer named John Huffer shot footage of two gigantic birds in Lake Shelbyville, though some dismissed them as being turkey vultures, he detailed. Callers shared stories of their encounters with giant birds in the latter part of the conversation. 


Website(s):
•gethighnow.com
Book(s):
•Get High Now (without drugs)
•Big Bird! Modern Sightings of Flying Monsters
Saturday October 10:

Art Bell: Somewhere in Time
Art Bell: Somewhere in Time returned to 8/22/95 for an Open Lines show that featured a variety of topics, including a tragedy on a Detroit bridge that involved a woman forced to leap to her death, and a fax titled "40 ways to destroy Earth." 
also included:
Cold War Legacy - from saturday oct 10, 2009

Host:
 Ian Punnett
 
Guests:
 David E. Hoffman 
 


Renowned journalist and author David Hoffman discussed the terrifying biological and germ warfare created by the Soviet Union during the Cold War, and revealed how close they came to wiping out millions of lives. 


Website(s):
•thedeadhandbook.com
Book(s):
•The Dead Hand: The Untold Story of the Cold War Arms Race

