Round Midnight
Eugen Cicero Trio - Live at the Subway in Köln, 1997


Eugen Cicero was a jazz pianist of Romanian-Hungarian descent, who became world famous for his jazz interpretations and arrangements of baroque, classical and romantic works. Even his interpretations of jazz standards were always spiced with quotations from classical works. He is praised for his unparalleled virtuosity, his brilliant keystroke and outstanding creativity. 

In 1976 Eugen Cicero was awarded a German Schallplatten Preis for his arrangements of compositions by Franz Schubert. In addition to more than 70 recordings and numerous domestic and foreign TV appearances, he made pioneering recordings with the Berlin and Munich Philharmonic orchestras. He also toured Japan, a country where he achieved cult status thanks to his thousands of dedicated and loyal fans.

It was not easy for critics to categorize Eugen Cicero's playing. The designation 'golden hands', which was attributed to him throughout his career, was an indication that both music lovers and critics valued his consistently high level of performance, especially at times of radical change in the music scene. Even now, the name of Eugen Cicero stands for amazing musical virtuosity, phenomenal rhythmic feeling and an inexhaustibly inventive genius.

This video is from a TV broadcast on WDR German television channel. This concert was recorded in 1997, the year of his death, being one of his last concerts. 
 

Track listing:

1. Swinging Bach (J.S. Bach - Badinerie)
2. Homage to Eroll Garner (Misty/I'll Remember April)
3. Rokoko in Rock (W.A. Mozart - Ah! Vous dirais-je, Maman)
4. Solfegietto II (C.P.E. Bach - Solfeggietto)
5. My Little Suede Shoes
6. Gershwin Medley (Rhapsody in Blue/The Man I Love/They Can't Take That Away from Me/I Got Rhythm)
7. Laura
8. Glory - Glory

Band:
Eugen Cicero - piano
Decebal Badila - bass
Willi Ketzer - drums

Duration: 54 minutes

Format: MP4
Video: AVC H264 (720x592)
Audio: Mono MP3 96kbps (I had to resync audio and I also applied a bit of noise reduction)