. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                     
              _ 
              
              
                
               
              
              
               
               
               
              
              
               
               
               
              
              
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
                         
                       
                     
                   
                 
                                                       
                                
                         
                       
                 
                      
                                   
                                    
                                              
                                    
                      
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
    
     
        
            
                            
                                                           
           
                                                 General info   
                                                   
                                                                    
                                                                      
                                                                       
                                                                         
                                                                          
       Innovation Labs GSM Locator v1.2 XScale WM5 WM6 *Cracked*          
                                                                          
              Release Group ..............: SyMPDA                        
              Version ....................: v1.2                          
              Size .......................: 771 kb                        
              Operating System ...........: WM5.WM6                       
              Releasetype ................: Cracked                       
              Releasedate ................: 03-07-10                      
              Filename ...................: sym-3143.zip                  
              Disks ......................: 1                             
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                              
                                                         
                 
                                                                  
                                                   
                           Description                            
                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                          
                            What is GSM Locator                           
                                                                          
      GSM Locator is a location based profile manager for all phones      
                   running Windows Mobile Phone Edition.                  
                                                                          
       GSM Locator is a powerful software that allows you to trigger      
       events based on your current location. It has been carefully       
       designed to run in the background of your PDA, even when the       
                           device is turned off.                          
                                                                          
       GSM Locator utilizes special data provided by GSM networks to      
      determine the PDAs current location. This service is free. All      
      you need to pay for is the small fee to get 3 Unlimited product     
                                   keys.                                  
                                                                          
                              Exemplary Uses                              
                                                                          
     GSM Locator can automatically mute your device upon entering your    
     office or it could set the alarm to notify you and display notes     
                     at any time anywhere as you wish.                    
                                                                          
       You will feel that your mobile become a life when it changes       
             theme and colors as soon as you enter a location.            
                                                                          
      What if you want your mobile to remind you something at 2:00 PM     
     at work or you want your mobile automatically change the theme at    
       the morning and at the night etc when you are at home? Using       
           schedules you can run any actions on schedule bases.           
                                                                          
      Your latest ring tone may sound great at home and socially, but     
     what message is it sending out in work? You might consider a more    
     professional ring tone whilst you are in work. You could use GSM     
     Locator to adjust your ring tone and volume when you get to work     
                              automatically.                              
                                                                          
       Do you give someone a lift to work in the morning? How about       
     automatically sending them a text message to say you are on your     
      way to pick them up? GSM Locator can send SMS messages when you     
                     enter or leave a group of cells.                     
                                                                          
      If you are into Home Automation, how about using GSM Locator to     
     send a message to turn on your air condition when you leave work?    
        Your house will be nice when you arrive (even if you leave        
                                 early!).                                 
                                                                          
        But there is Much more to this application: GSM Locator can       
         automatically wake you up once your train arrives at its         
     destination or it can disable bluetooth as soon as you arrive at     
                                   home.                                  
                                                                          
       With the option to start an executable file when you enter or      
      leave an area, what you can achieve with GSM Locator is really      
                     only limited to your imagination.                    
                                                                          
                           GSM Locator Features                           
                                                                          
     There are a number of events that can be assigned to a cell area     
       and which will be triggered upon entering or leaving an area:      
                  Assign a graphical logo to each place.                  
                    Assign an actions on schedule bases                   
                           Change Device Volume                           
                            Change Phone Volume                           
                              Change Ringtone                             
                            Change Ringer Mode                            
                          Change Bluetooth state                          
                   Send SMS to a Pocket Outlook contact                   
                               Change Theme                               
                                 Set Alarm                                
                      Start an executable file (.exe)                     
                 Change Phone State (ON ,OFF Flight Mode)                 
                                Lock Device                               
                           Change SMS Ring Tone                           
        Switch Profiles Manually as you need using Profile Manager        
                                                                          
      GSM Locator is user friendly easy to use software and it comes      
      with a user guide to help you to start using it easy and quick.     
                                                                          
                             Outdoors Profiles                            
                                                                          
       That's not everything: you can use any profile as an outdoors      
                  profiles which are not location based.                  
                                                                          
                    The Today Plugin - Profile Manager                    
                                                                          
         There's even more to come, the today plugin which is the         
       front-end for GSM Locator allows you to view place sign, cell      
      information, you current active profile and your operator name.     
     But other than that Profile Manager allow you to switch profiles     
                                 manually.                                
                                                                          
                               Compatibility                              
                                                                          
     GSM Locator should be compatible with most 'Windows Mobile Phone     
     Edition' devices, but since there are many different radio stacks    
     available for each device it is impossible to guarantee the full     
     functionality on each device. Simply download and test our 13-day    
      trail version trial version, so there won't be any frustration.     
      By the way, the trial version is not limited in any other way.      
                                                                          
                                                                          
                       http://innovationlabs-sw.com/                      
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                              
                                                         
                 
                                                                  
                                                   
                          Release Notes                           
                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                 Install                                  
               Have fun with this release from team SyMPDA                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                              
                                                         
                 
                                                                  
                                                   
                           Group  info                            
                                                       
                                                                        
                                                                          
     Talented Coders and Crackers are openly invited to join the l33t     
                  You can contact us at symbian@hush.com                  
                                                                          
                                                                          
                     We are NOT looking for affils!                       
                                                                          
     We pray god for the motherfuckers who are responsible for making     
                           our releases public.                           
                                                                          
                                                                              
    
   last update 11/2009                                ascii by Diaz 05/2007   
            This release was packed by BiNFOGEN v1.01 by BiNPDA               
                      Friendly competition all the way!