Release Date.: 2010-10-02
Store Date...: 2010-10-11
Source.......: CD
Style........: Hip-Hop
Record Label.: Interscope Records
Cat Nr
Encoder......: Lame 3.97 (-V2 --vbr-new
Quality......: 174kbps avg / 44.1KHz / Joint Stereo

1. In Your Face                                        4:29
2. Enter The Ninja                                    5:07
3. Wat Kyk Jy?                                        4:36
4. Evil Boy                                            4:30
5. Rich Bitch                                          3:32
6. Fish Paste                                          4:17
7. copie                                              3:12
8. Beat Boy                                            8:20
9. She Makes Me a Killer                              7:29
10.Doos Dronk                                        12:52

Release notes

NINJA didn't do very good at school because all he did the whole time was write
raps and smoke zol. After NINJA lied and cheated his way through high school, he
moved to Alexandra Township in Johannesburg to smoke zol with the rastas. NINJA
stayed in Alexandra in 19th Street down by the river for a few years living off
boiled cabbage and zol. During this time NINJA started a rap group called The
Original Evergreens which had a heavy stoned alien rastas in space vibe. The
Original Evergreen even won a South African Music Award for this one fokken
stupid stoner song called Puff The Magik

After NINJA moved out of Alex he moved around a lot lamming from couch to couch
and bumming off people while he tried to think of more stoned rap ideas

From time to time NINJA moved back home to his mom and dad's house for a nice
hot shower and some lekker munchies

NINJA has known YO-LANDI VIER for a very long time from when she was a little
laaitie. One day when NINJA moved back home with his mom & dad again he saw that
little YO-LANDI from next door had grown some boobs and a nice bum. Then NINJA
had a baby with YO-LANDI by accident
NINJA and YO-LANDI are not married. They are just good friends. YO-LANDI likes
to do her own thing and doesn't like people telling her what to do

Smoking so much weed all the time made NINJA think of all these stupid ideas for
rap groups like fokken Max Normal, Constructus, Markus Wormstorm Is Not Gay, MC
Totally Rad and DJ Fuk are FuknRad, The Way of the Dassie, Total Confusion on
Planet Phunk, Total Fuk Up etc etc. NINJA even got so stoned one day that he
started to make cute little soft toys with magic powers. NINJA forced YO-LANDI
to help him make hundreds of these fokken toys by hand to try get some money to
buy diapers. None of NINJA'S stoned ideas ever blew up, so time after time he
would throw them in the trash and try again

NINJA'S name used to be Waddy Jones. One day Waddy Jones did something really
fokken stupid. Like a total fokken doos, Waddy dressed in full military
camouflage and took a djembe drum and a big sack of weed with him to a Legalize
Marajuana protest outside the steps of parliament in Cape Town. Waddy arrived at
the Legalize Marajuana protest early to get a good seat. The police had even
made a nice little fence around the area where all the irie protestors could
sit. Waddy was rolling himself a lekker duk zol as the other irie protestors
slowly started pulling into the little fenced area to make their protest. About
20 irie protestors pitched up including the organizer of the protest who had
even brought along a big weed plant to give to Nelson Mandela as a present. Then
all-of-a-sudden 5 big armour-plated Caspers pulled in filled with about 100
fokken cops who arrested Waddy Jones and all the other irie protestors sitting
inside the little fence. When Waddy got out of jail, he changed his name to
NINJA and suddenly got much better at rapping

Soon after this NINJA went to go visit his homeboy DJ HI-TEK who makes fat
gangta rap beats on his PC Computer in his bedroom. DJ HI-TEK had also got much
better at making beats while NINJA was in jail. So NINJA and DJ HI-TEK joined
forces and tried think of a spif name for their new zef gangta rap group they
were going to start. DJ HI-TEK got the idea to get a sexy chick to join the
group to make it more commercial. So NINJA started to train little YO-LANDI
VIER to rap. During her ninja rap training YO-LANDI got the idea to add some
rave vibes to their tjoons make their zef rap group more even more next level

NINJA, YO-LANDI and DJ HI-TEK discovered DIE ANTWOORD when their 3rd eyes got
opened at this rave they threw at NINJA'S parent's house this one time when
NINJA'S parents went on holiday to Sun City. The whole experience was so fokken
next level that they are even making a movie about it called THE ANSWER. You are
soon going to be able to go watch THE ANSWER on the big screen with popcorn,
Coke and M&M'S and maybe even a free NINJA, YO-LANDI VIER or DJ HI-TEK toy

DJ HI-TEK is scared of flying, and so he doesn't always perform live with DIE
ANTWOORD. Luckily DJ HI-TEK'S little cousin, VUILGEBOOST aka HI-TEK JUNIOR has
some serious DJ skillz and so when DJ HI-TEK is not in the mix, VUILGEBOOST
freaks the beats live with DIE ANTWOORD zef rap-rave crew

NINJA'S name is NINJA. If you see NINJA in the streets act like you know. Don't
act like a poes and call him some other name

DJ HI-TEK has just broken up with his girlfriend again. The man is single and
ready to mingle so if you see HI-TEK in da club come give him a hug

YO-LANDI VIER'S rat recently had 10 babies. They are all growing up so fast

Whether you like it or not DIE ANTWOORD are here to stay. They are about to drop
their 1st album called O on Interscope fokken Records, then their 2nd album
called TENION, then their 3rd album, then their 4th album and then their 5th
album. Full fokken flex Fre Mega-zef
Go In your fokken face btch

Enjoy

Info

Like it? Buy it Dont forget to support the artists