----------------------WinMend Data Recovery v1.3.6 Software + Keygen---------------------

WinMend Data Recovery is a Windows-based data recovery application. It recovers data on FAT12/ FAT16/FAT32/NTFS/NTFS5 partitions in Windows operating systems. It can be used to scan partitions in various hard drives, removable drives and even in data cards, and to search and recover deleted or missing files, files lost during formatting or due to partition exceptions. With unique recovery algorithm, WinMend Data Recovery can significantly improve the accuracy and speed of scanning, and ensure everything done in an absolutely safe condition without any negative impact on the system. Supports Language: English, Czech, Hungarian.

Features:-
---------------
1. Quick Scan
With this safe and high-speed scan engine, you can quickly locate and recover most deleted files.

2. Full Scan
In case Quick Scan fails, you can go through Full Scan, which will never miss a single chance to find missing files. Full Scan may take longer. However, with our unique engine, its speed and reliability are still significantly higher than its peers. (Full Scan is strongly recommended for formatted partitions.)

3. Unformat a Drive
If you lost your files due to the formatting of a drive, you can recover them with our Unformat a Drive function. Unformat a Drive helps you easily look for the lost files on the formatted drives and get them back with a few simple clicks!

4. Safe File Recovery
WinMend Data Recovery always ensures safe operations while recovering files. It never overwrites any current files. For those files that are not deleted but inaccessible because they are locked by the operating system or other applications, WinMend Data Recovery recovers and saves them to other partitions. Keep in mind, all operations are safe, and your current files will not be damaged or overwritten.


Installation :-
-------------------
1. Unpack
2. Install
3. Copy Crack in Install Directory
4. Use Keygen
5. Enjoy it !!!!!!!!