Free Membership at http://www.torrentkit.com gets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at http://www.torrentkit.com


Register Now [b][url=http://www.torrentkit.com/signup.php]www.Torrentkit.com[/url][/b]



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.
                             
                                  
         
              
                                       
                
                                  
                                  
                           
 
 
  
                   
                                 
                                           
                                           
                                           
 
  


                                PROUDLY PRESENTS

                         VirSyn.TDesign.VST.RTAS.v1.0.1 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : SYNCROSOFT DONGLE 
                            SIZE ......: 02 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.virsyn.de 

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   The Transient Former 
             
   The idea behind  the Transient Former  TDESIGN is to  give the user  direct 
   control over the attack and sustain characteristics of natural sounds,  and 
   though this sounds less than revolutionary, you only have to play with  the 
   unit for  a few  minutes to  realise that  the Transient  Former is  a very 
   powerful  creative  tool. For  example,  you can  take  a recording  of  an 
   unremarkable drum kit and dial in some really hard-hitting attack or take a 
   very percussive sound and soften the  attack. You can also use the  sustain 
   control to  work on  the decay  portion of  sounds, and  with drums you can 
   tighten up the sound to give a fast, dry decay or you can make them ring as 
   though you'd taken the  dampers off the kit.  It's just like having  remote 
   control over the amount of damping tape stuck to the drum heads, but  after 
   the recording. Other than a compressor this process is independent of level 
   and the effect is the same  regardless of whether the input signal  is loud 
   or soft. Unique to TDESIGN is  the ability to shape the transient  not only 
   amplitude wise but also with a dynamically controlled 24 dB lowpass  filter 
   with resonance control. This gives you the opportunity to change the  sound 
   in  a  way which  normally  is only  possible  if you  recreate  it with  a 
   synthesizer ! The  transient design process  works best on  drums and other 
   material which exhibits strong rhythmical components. But its really worth 
   to try it with other input sources 
             
             
   Features: 
             
             
   The Transient Former 
             
   - Attack amplification/attenuation. 
   - Sustain amplification/attenuation. 
   - Dynamic Transient filtering 
   - 24 dB Lowpass with resonance 
   - Multi channel capability 
   - Easy user interface. 


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009  

                    
   Unfortunately the vst2 and vst3 version of this plugin can't co-exist in C5
   In this plugin the vst3 version takes priority over the vst2 version
   delete the vst3 version from c:program filescommon filesVST3
   restart Cubase 5 and the vst2 version will appear