File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Fortress Around Your Heart" is a song from Sting's 1985 album The Dream of the Blue Turtles. The song was also released as a single, and reached #8 and #49 on the U.S. and U.K. singles charts, respectively. It also reached #1 for two weeks on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks chart, becoming his second consecutive #1 hit on this chart. 

Sting wrote the song in the studio in Barbados in 1985. A Branford Marsalis sax solo is the highlight of the song. The inspiration for this song was the pain he felt from the failure of his first marriage. In a Musician magazine interview later that year, he said:

    "Fortress is about appeasement, about trying to bridge the gaps between individuals. The central image is a minefield that you've laid around this other person to try and protect them. Then you realise that you have to walk back through it. I think it's one of the best choruses I've ever written."

During one of Sting's first performances of the song in concert in Paris, his crew lowered a tiny fortress onto the stage in a parody of the similar Stonehenge scene from the film This Is Spinal Tap.

The song was included on the U.S. release of the Fields of Gold: The Best of Sting 1984-1994 compilation album.

The Dream of the Blue Turtles is the first solo and debut studio album released by British pop singer-songwriter Sting, released in the United States on June 1, 1985. It includes ten tracks and was released in 1985, only a year after The Police had unofficially broken up. The album features some of Sting's strongest political songs, including "Russians" (about Cold War nuclear anxieties, which had peaked in the 1980s); "Children's Crusade" (comparing the destruction of the younger generation in World War I to the devastation brought about by heroin addiction in modern-day London); and "We Work the Black Seam" (about the recent U.K. Miners' Strike).

It also includes Sting's first hit after The Police, "If You Love Somebody Set Them Free"; a jazzed-up reworking of The Police song "Shadows in the Rain"; and a song inspired by Anne Rice's book Interview with the Vampire, "Moon over Bourbon Street".

The movie Bring on the Night documents some of the recording work that produced this album, as well as the subsequent tour.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/