Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 4 of 6 
Audio CD: August 3, 2004 
Original Release Date: 1979 
Label: Bear Family, Import; Boxed Set; Germany 
Format: Box set 
Quality: 192 kbps

Uncle Dave Macon -- "The Dixie Dewdrop" -- is a pivotal artist in early country music.  Influenced early in life by circus and vaudeville performers who passed through his family's hotel in Nashville, Dave was exposed to many styles of performance and in 1885 he met banjo player Joel Davidson and became captivated by the instrument.  By the 1890s, Dave was entertaining stagecoach passengers with banjo tunes and comic antics from a homemade stage on the roof of the family's barn. 

Uncle Dave Macon was one of the first country stars to record, the first star of the Grand Ole Opry, and one of the first members elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Possibly one of the finest sets out.  If you want to really understand the depth of early country music, then you must have this set.  Macon had all the styles and showmanship that influenced everyone from Charlie Poole to Bill Monroe.  Every single song that was ever issued by Macon is contained on this set and the book is an incredible read. Most recommended! ~ Ben Dewberry

This is the best box set for the hardcore Uncle Dave Macon fan.  If you want to hear live tracks you have never had access to, and if you want to find out what the older tracks that were only released on 78 rpm are all about, you need this box!  The book is wonderful with newly found photos and a very detailed discography of the recordings! Probably, a little too rich for the casual fan. ~ M. Bailey

Please see for more information - Schon55 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Dave_Macon

Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 4 of 6
01  Tell Her To Come Back Home
02  Hold That Wood-Pile Down
03  Carve That Possum
04  Hop High Ladies, The Cake's All Dough
05  Sail Away Ladies
06  I'm A-Goin' Away To Morn
07  Sleepy Lou
08  The Gray Cat On The Tennessee Fram
09  Walk, Tom Wilson, Walk
10  I's Gwine Back To Dixie
11  Take Me Home, Poor Julia
12  Go Along Mule
13  Tom And Jerry
14  Rabbit In The Pea Patch
15  Jordan Is A Hard Road To Travel
16  Pickaninny Lullaby Song
17  Are You Washed In The Blood Of The Lamb
18  The Maple On The Hill
19  Poor Old Dad
20  Walking In The Sunshine
21  Bear Me Away On Your Snowy Wings
22  The Mockingbird Song Medley
23  Shall We Gather At The River
24  In The Sweet Bye And Bye
25  In The Shade Of The Old Apple Tree