My source disc kept ripping this what i call extra dark so i ran it thru aimersoft 
to lighten it so if contrast seems bright to you the reason why. There are 
numerous shots in this movie at night and dark locations so sure you will see why i lighten it.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0033891/

User Rating: 7.7/10 

Genre: Comedy | Drama | Romance

Duration: 02:02:18
File Size: 818.94 MB
Video:
Codec: MPEG-4
W/H: 640x480
Bitrate: 786
Frame Rate: 29.970
Audio:
Codec: mpeg4aac
Sample Rate: 44100
Bitrate: 128 KBPS
Channel: 2

	Gary Cooper	... 	Long John Willoughby - 'John Doe'
	Barbara Stanwyck	... 	Ann Mitchell
	Edward Arnold	... 	D.B. Norton
	Walter Brennan	... 	The Colonel
	Spring Byington	... 	Mrs. Mitchell
	James Gleason	... 	Henry Connell

About 15 or twenty years ago MEET JOHN DOE aired on a Saturday matinee program on the CBC. I watched it and absolutely loved it. In the ensuing two decades I have Studied Film History and the art of film making. I have debated Film Theory and criticism with some of the country's most film-smart people and have worked extensively in the film industry. And very rarely through all of this was Meet John Doe mentioned. The other day I saw A copy of the film in a used video store, remembered it from my youth and promptly bought it. And after viewing it again I have to say it is definitely one of the finest motion-pictures I have ever seen. It has to be one of the most under-rated movies ever made. The social commentary exhibited is one of the boldest that the medium has ever presented, especially considering the time it was made. A time when media propaganda was a driving force for home-shore morale at the beginning of WWII. Capra and langs techniques in this work are absolutely astounding. The riot scene should be looked upon as ground breaking. The performances (both the lead and supporting) are among some of the finest and most endearing of the time. Needless to say I'm going to be toot this films horn for quite some time. (I think I'll go watch it again.) 
