MechCommander.2.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


On the world of Carver V, the FedCom civil war between House Davion 
and House Steiner threatens to pull plenty of innocent bystanders into the 
maelstorm... It also offers plenty of opportunities for a veteran mercenary 
commander... Such as yourself.

MechCommander 2 is a game of real-time tactical mech combat, and a 
sequel to the original MechCommander. Take on missions from your 
employer(s).

Once you have selected a mission, you need to outfit your mechs. You 
can purchase new mechs if you have enough C-Bills, but most of your 
acquisition will come from salvage of downed mechs. You can then refit 
the mechs by changing its loadout to customize for the pilot.

After you have chosen your mechs and properly outfitted them, it's time 
to assign your pilots. Each pilot can have zero or more specialties, depending 
on experience level, and those skills can siginificantly increase his or her 
effectiveness. It takes good planning to match the right mech to the right 
pilot.

On the full 3D battle field, you will control movement, targetting, and 
engagement tactics of your mechs. Call in support elements such as 
artillery and airstrikes, scout choppers and sensor probes, even a 
salvage team to salvage downed mechs. Capture resource buildings or 
resource trucks for more "support pts". Capture turret stations to turn 
the owner's weapons against them, or blow up the generators, or the 
control station, or the turrets. It's all up to you. Take over the sensor 
control station to obtain sensor data. Capture military installations to 
get better weapons.

The action is in real-time (pausable), and the full 3D view is rotatable in 
all directions (up/down/full 360 pan) and zoomable. Terrain is full 3D with 
plenty of trees and other objects, from infantry and battlearmor to trucks 
and other transport vehicles. Plenty of things to blow up on the ground, 
from fuel tanks (which causes BIG explosions) to ammo dumps (more big 
explosions), to plenty of civilian buildings.

After you fulfill your mission objectives (primary and secondary available), 
the pilots get medals and campaign ribbons if applicable based on 
performance, and gain experience. If they gain sufficient experience they 
may gain a level and win a special expertise (such as LRM, Laser, etc.) You 
can also salvage downed mechs (including any you lost) and perhaps sell 
them for further profit.

Multiplayer is quite robust with internet play and plenty of options and 
different game modes. 



Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image 

Install The Game And Play

Keep Image Mounted To Play Game


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED




