Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Linear PCM, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 1536 kbps


This video is in Spanish with English Subtitles. This video has no logo.


"Más" (English: "More") is the second single released from Nelly Furtado's first full-length Spanish album Mi Plan. It was released on December 18, 2009.

The music video premiered on Friday, November 13th, 2009 on German TV. It shows Furtado and her boyfriend in different situations. Scenes with Furtado singing in a room with a big mirror and an armchair are also featured. First, Furtado and her boyfriend are shown during breakfast. Furtado hands him the plate, but he does not look at her. Then he leaves and at night, when Furtado is already in bed, he comes home late and goes to bed, too, but he does not look at her again. Then they sit in the living-room; he is chatting on his laptop and when he leaves the room, she looks at it. She realizes that he betrays her. So she drives to the address and waits for her boyfriend and his affair to come out of the house. She gets out of the car and shouts at the two. She fights with her boyfriend and at the end of the video, she returns to her car, followed by her singing the last line of the song in front of the mirror.

"Más" deals with the dynamic of a problematic relationship, that slowly begins to fade. The singer wants to feel, live and be loved more (→ Más). Furtado describes it as a simple love song.

Más was released as a download single on December 18, 2009 in Germany. The date of the release as CD single is still unknown. The digital download is possible since the release of the album. On October 26, 2009 Más was released to radio. Más was released as the first promotional single from Mi Plan.

In Germany there are two donwload versions available: The "Más" only version and a version that includes both Más and six live acoustic performances Furtado performed in Freiburg on October 3, 2009. The live songs are Broken Strings, Bajo Otra Luz, Más, Say It Right, I'm Like A Bird and Manos Al Aire.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
 

