File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"When We Were Beautiful" is a song by American band Bon Jovi. It was originally written by Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora and Billy Falcon for a Bon Jovi greatest hits collection that got shelved. It was released as an iTunes only promo single from The Circle in the US. It became available as a digital download from the US iTunes store on October 26, 2009. The song was released for download to coincide with Bon Jovi documentary "When We Were Beautiful" on Showtime. The song has since been released as the third official single from the album with the music video being released on May 24, 2010.

The music video was shot with the band performing live; and the vocals are taken from this show. The video focuses predominantly on Jon Bon Jovi singing, although the rest of the band can also be seen.

The song talks about a bleak world that used to be more than what it has become, and the narrator wishes to find what made that better world work, so he may then try to make his world a better place. The song's lyrics are very deeply written without being too hard to interpret.

The Circle is the title of the eleventh studio album by rock band Bon Jovi. Produced by John Shanks, the album was released November 10, 2009, with the new single "We Weren't Born to Follow" premiering on radio August 17. The album was released in Germany and Ireland on October 30, 2009. The album debuted at number 1 in several countries, including the U.S., where it sold 163,000 copies in its first week debuting at number 1 on the Billboard 200. This gives them their fourth number 1 album after their 2007 effort, Lost Highway.

In an interview given to Rolling Stone Magazine, guitarist Richie Sambora says the album is a return to "rock and roll" and said "There’s going to be some big choruses on there. It sounds like Bon Jovi, but it sounds fresh. We experimented with a lot of new sounds and had a really good time working with John Shanks, who is also a really good guitar player, so he and I did a lot of ‘weaseling’ with the guitar sounds. There are a lot of really good guitar sounds and new kind atmospheres on the new Bon Jovi record, that I think makes it really modern. I think people are going to dig it, man. And it rocks hard."

In an interview on UK radio station Absolute Radio, Jon Bon Jovi stated the album title has multiple meanings. It stands for the fact that a circle is never ending, and that it also refers to Bon Jovi's inner circle - stating that "in this organization, the circle is very difficult to get into, and even more difficult to get out of."

The Circle Tour began in early 2010 and will include dates across America and a residency at the O2 Arena in London.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/