The Ufo Files Vol. 2/4 ENG avi

- ROSWELL
- ROSWELL / AREA 51 CONNECTION
- HUDSON VALLEY UFO
- BELGIAN UFO
- FALCON LAKE UFO
- UFO HEALING

The Roswell incident is an event happened at Roswell (New Mexico, USA) in July 1947, in 

which the second dell'ufologia supporters there would be the crash of a UFO. The first 

press release published by the Roswell Air Base on 8 July 1947 he spoke in fact just a 

"flying saucer". The official statement of U.S. authorities, however, was that it was a simple 

ball probe. The theory of the fall of an alien artifact has become popular with the media and 

among ufologist, such that between June 2 and July 3 in 1947 would have occurred 

phenomena ufologist character in this city and in nearby Corona (California), culminating 

July 2 with the crash in the desert of a hypothetical spacecraft of extraterrestrial origin. 

The story began July 3 1947 in Roswell, an isolated village of New Mexico, where the owner 

of a ranch, W. W. Mac Brazel, found the remains of the metal in the property where he 

worked for this and contacted the Sheriff of Roswell. 
For ten days Roswell became caught the U.S. Air Force and the desert surrounding the city 

was enclosed and kept under surveillance, after days of research Aeronautics reported 

that the mysterious object fell at Roswell was a balloon probe that had detections on the 

weather. The Roswell Daily Record newspaper, 8 July 1947, announced on its front page 

the "capture" of a "flying saucer". The event found space in other local newspapers, to 

filter later in the national, beginning with a real media phenomenon. 
On 8 July of that year, he announced to the aviation radio and newspapers, that the 

mysterious accident was caused by a flying saucer. Came the FBI. 
After several days of discussions, the soldiers showed Roswell scrap a balloon, which was 

used for the research program Mogul, a surveillance system designed to monitor Soviet 

activities in the nuclear field. 
Over the years there were several messages from the residents of Roswell about the Air 

Force and FBI. Some people said that sometimes the staff of the aircraft was carrying 

wreckage and bodies in non-human FBI truck. All these allegations were denied by the U.S. 

government. 
Spouses Wilmot claimed later that one month before the accident they had seen a flashing 

object on the road to Roswell, the couple reported that they fell from the car and they 

remained for about a minute to observe the object: this was apparently a oval-shaped and 

adopted a light, went very fast, but not issued any noise. 
Around June 3 local radio said that the farm of Foster had been found flying discs, the 

news was interrupted dall'FBI that interrupted on that day all the radio programs of Roswell 

and Corona. 
For about a week Brazel was accepted dall'aeronautica to say all he had seen at the ranch 

where he worked, when it was issued, denied that he had previously stated. 
The newspapers that are dedicated to the Roswell event were many: most described the 

event by giving credit to the hypothesis alien, then spoke of the crash of a UFO, some 

spoke instead of a cover (cover-up). It was the birth of a popular UFO conspiracy theory 

survived until today. 
According to ufologist June 30 of that year F. Kaufmann, NCO of a polygon of aeronautics, 

was sent with a squadron in a stream, where they found a spaceship at a triangular shape, 

with notches suscritte; within walking distance dall'astronave the squadron had found five 

bodies of extraterrestrials, and on site would be called for doctors to perform autopsies. 
The FBI in July of 1947 had sent a telegram to J. Edgar Hoover, then director of the Federal 

Bureau, which indicated the discovery of an extraterrestrial object array and its 

components. 

Initial denials 

The version of the discovery of a flying saucer was immediately denied by senior army. In 

particular, by General Roger M. Ramey, who officially declared that those belonged to 

scrap high-altitude balloon Rawin probe used for meteorological research. The more Jesse 

Marcel was photographed with a scrap ball in hand. Following the denial of official 

government local people who were witnesses of the facts declared stopped talking about it. 

The army, in agreement with the government, claimed that it was merely allegations and the 

civil authorities is adapted to this version of events. 

Witnesses 

The first witness was a crash dell'ipotetico contadino of Corona, a Mac Brazel. The man 

claimed to have heard a strong explosion from his ranch and that the next day, left home, 

noticed fragments of strangers to him throughout his ranch and the surrounding area, the 

man brought the most to sheriff of Roswell, George Wilcox. The sheriff, in turn, judged them 

very strange and led them to look at the military base in Roswell. Here, the more Jesse 

Marcel and the team deemed them not belonging to a missile or a balloon, but probably 

belonging to a spaceship. 
The news of the fall of a UFO was immediately contradicted by the press, in which senior 

military communicate that more detailed research led to light the remains of a ball probe. 
The then Lieutenant Walter Haut, who had a mandate to heal the public relations of the 

military base in Roswell and was responsible for the famous press release of 8 July 1947, 

he left a statement signed and sealed to be opened only after his death (on 15 December 

2005). In it he says in essence that the first version published in the press release in 

question was exactly truthful about the facts: "I am convinced that what I personally looked 

was a type of plane and its crew from another area." 

Conspiracy theories and ufologist 

According to the proponents of the theory of the fall of a spaceship, the officers found the 

main body of the disc wheel and a few miles away they found the bodies of the 

extraterrestrials that would have been driving underscores. 
All this was brought to the military base to Wright Patterson and, after several years of 

research and studies, the UFO and the remains of aliens would be transferred within the 

so-called Area 51, a U.S. military base that for this reason since then has a People's level of 

a certain reputation. 
After the Roswell case, the U.S. began to deny the hard UFO cases. This was interpreted by 

supporters dell'ufologia and conspiracy theories as the beginning of a "conspiracy of 

silence", which would be the attempt by the governments of secretaire want the truth about 

contacts with aliens. 

Santilli dell'autopsia movie of an alien 

In 1991, a producer in London, the Ray Santilli, said they came into possession of a few 

reels of film to regain one of the aliens at Roswell precipitated in 1947. 
The producer said that while looking for music videos of the famous singer Elvis Presley, a 

former U.S. cameramen, Jack Barnett (pseudonym), had sold the film that showed the 

autopsy from two doctors to a hypothetical extraterrestrial, what according to ufologist is 

the description of a gray medium. 
Filming in black and white, are sound and have some cuts. In 1994, the movie arrives in 

Italy, sent broadcast by the television program Rai Mysteries, led by Lorenza Foschini. 
The sequences were very sensation but, as a result of numerous studies conducted on the 

frames and the presumed location of the laboratory, experts have classified the film as 

absolutely false. Telephones, electrical outlets and other details that are classified in the 

shooting, are indeed anachronistic compared to 1947, the year of the alleged crash 

underscores.