 http://makezine.com/magazine/

The first magazine devoted entirely to DIY technology projects, MAKE Magazine unites, inspires and informs a growing community of resourceful people who undertake amazing projects in their backyards, basements, and garages.
--------

Volume 01: Make Premiere
The first magazine devoted to digital projects, hardware hacks, and D.I.Y. inspiration.

Volume 02: Home Entertainment
Building your own high definition video recorder, how to podcast, making a robot from an old computer mouse, reconditioning an old amplifier.

Volume 03: Cars and Halloween
Includes Mod Your Rod: a collection of car hacks and mods. Plus make cool special effects and animatronics for your garage haunted house!

Volume 04: Music and Kits for the Holidays
Cool holiday kit reviews, build a cigar box guitar, circuit bending, high-speed flash photography, coffee hacks, and lots of DIY music projects.

Volume 05: Science, Weather, and Outdoors
Homemade electric vehicles, high-powered water rockets, electricity-generating windmill, jet engine in a jam jar, and a backyard zip line!

Volume 06: Robots
Build a pair of electronic insects. LED throwies. Rodent-powered nightlight. Floating tower structure. Bug Sucker.

Volume 07: Backyard Biology
Hack your plants, extract your DNA, 70's soapbox saga, build a videocam rocket, and head-mounted water cannon.

Volume 08: Toys and Games
A secret history of Myst, resurrecting a neglected pinball machine, making an asteroid mining colony on your kitchen table, creating robotic desk toys, building a rubber band ornithopter, making a toy gun controlled alarm clock, and a special primer on mold making by Mythbuster's Adam Savage.

Volume 09: Fringe
Explore the fringes of technology with projects that push the boundaries of physics and reason.

Volume 10: Home Electronics
Everything you wanted to learn about home electronics, with 20+ projects to electrify your world.

Volume 11: Our special "DIY Wheels" section brings you plans for making a mobile drive-in movie theater, a cool chopper out of an old bicycle, and a pedal-powered iPod charger. We'll also show you how to make a remote control bird feeder to take amazing photos of birds, a vintage-style remote control race car out of sheet metal, and a vacuum former that lets you create molded 3D parts out of plastic. These articles are just the tip of the iceberg in this project-packed volume of MAKE.

Volume 12: Make Vol 12 features our special section on digital arts and crafts called "Upload," where you'll learn how to take infrared photographs, shoot movies with custom backgrounds, and make fun-to-watch slideshows of your digital family photos. You'll also learn how to make an extremely loud air whistle, a solar-powered xylophone, and a TV remote control that's powered by your muscles. As usual, you'll find plenty of other exciting how-to projects inside.

Volume 13: Abracadabra! In this issue of MAKE, you'll perplex your pals and confound your colleagues with wooden blocks that seemingly pass through solid objects, balls that float, pens that dance at your command, and more. You'll also learn how to grow a half-ton pumpkin, make an irresistible fishing lure for 3 1/4 cents, build an air-powered "boom stick," and fashion a baseball cap that can wirelessly turn off obnoxious TV sets. All this and more in MAKE, Volume 13.

Volume 14: You'll learn how to make an inexpensive but powerful digital microscope that will allow you to display bacteria colonies on a video monitor, a vintage-looking opaque projector that can display artwork from books onto a wall, a model of a crazy-angled room that makes things appear to change size, and a cool kaleidoscope. Also in the issue, we'll show you how to build the following: a mesmerizing taffy pulling machine, a remote control dune buggy with a built in video camera, a dollar-store parabolic microphone, and many more fun and fascinating projects.

Volume 15: Explore the euphonic delights of homemade music in MAKE, Volume 15, the Musical Instrument issue. From handheld synthesizers, to laser harps, to autonomous robot composers, MAKE 15 will fill your world with sweet sounds made by you, even if you've never learned to play an instrument.

Volume 16: No mission is impossible when makers put their minds to it. Make Volume 16 will help you get smart with a special section on spy tech. Learn how to build and use tiny surveillance devices, and how to know if a spy is using them on you. From tiny video cameras to sneaky recorders, this volume has enough cool stuff to make James Bond's inventor Q envious.

Volume 17: MAKE Volume 17 goes really old school with the Lost Knowledge issue, featuring projects and articles covering the steampunk scene -- makers creating their own alternative Victorian world through modified computers, phones, cars, costumes, and other fantastic creations. Projects include an elegant Wimshurst Influence Machine (an electrostatic generator built entirely from Home Depot parts), a Florence Siphon coffee brewer, and a teacup-powered Stirling engine. This special section also covers watchmaking, letterpress printing, the early multimedia art of William Blake, and other wondrous and lost (or fading) pre-20th-century technologies.

Volume 18: ReMake America! These challenging times have presented us with a rare chance to try out new ways of doing things. The opportunities for makers are terrific â