      !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALWAYS REFUSE INTERNET OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Corel Paint Shop Pro X delivers a complete set of photo editing tools to help you create professional-looking photos fast! 

With Paint Shop Pro X you can fix brightness, color and photo imperfections; compose photos full of depth and imagination; give photos a unique and exciting look, plus, organize and share all your photos with Corel Photo Album 6 - Standard Edition, included. 

By combining automatic photo fixes, precision editing controls in a revolutionary Learning Center with organizing features, Paint Shop Pro is a first of its kind -- an easy-to-use photo editor for anyone who wants to create stunning photos right out of the box.

Paint Shop Pro, Corel, is a complete program for creating and manipulating images.

Paint Shop Pro multiplies the editing power of users, both professionals and amateurs, thanks to unparalleled ease of use, speed and functionality.

Includes powerful editing tools, full support for file organization, linear and simple interface, and other advanced features that let you create and prepare images for presentations, digital photo retouching, web pages and any other form of visual communication.

Some Key Features:
? Support for multiple layers
? More than 40 file types supported (including PhotoShop format)
? Compatibility with digital cameras
? Brushes effects ("picture tubes") that allow you to create striking special  effects
? Color Separation (CMYK color channels of Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black)
? Option to undo (undo) multilevel
? Support for pressure sensitive tablets
? The ability to combine images with "Arithmetic of images"
? Possibility to create your own filters
? Support the administration of independent color
? Compatibility with the format plug-ins for Photoshop
? Creation of animated GIF
? Automation of tasks heavier
? Editable Text with format characters
? Vector Drawing Tools
? Redo multilevel

                    3NJ0Y and leave comments / Requests 


      !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALWAYS REFUSE INTERNET OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

                    http://thepiratebay.org/user/DeGun