. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.
          [D]igital [I]nsanity                                   b!
          
                  
                            
                               
                             
                              
                            
          
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                              
                                

                       We are the dreamers of dreams...                 
 
    Today's magic presented by the Digital Insanity heroes is:

                SecurStar DriveCrypt Plus Pack v3.97            


    Cracker [ Brainrain & DarkSide ]  Protection [ Keyfile               ]
   Supplier [ Digital Insanity ]    Release Date [ 22/03/2010            ]
   Packager [ Digital Insanity ]    Release Type [ Keyfilemaker + Patch  ]
     Tester [ Digital Insanity ]    Release Size [ 3x4.77mb              ]  
  
   
      
                              [ Description ]                           
       
                                                                          
         DriveCrypt  Plus  Pack  provides  true real-time "on the fly"    
         256-bit  disk  encryption.  Providing advanced FDE (Full disk    
         encryption)  as  opposed  to VDE (Virtual disk encryption) or    
         "container"  encryption,  DCPP  is  an important evolutionary    
         step in the field of transparent data protection.                
                                                                          
         DCPP  allows  you to secure your disk(s) (including removable    
         media)  with  a  powerful  and  proven  encryption  algorithm    
         (AES-256)  at the sector level, ensuring that only authorized    
         users  may  access  it. The encryption algorithm used by DCPP    
         is  a  trusted,  validated  algorithm  chosen by the National    
         Institute  of  Standards  and Technology (NIST) and stated to    
         be  the  cryptographic standard for years to come. AES-256 is    
         a  FIPS-approved  symmetric  encryption algorithm that may be    
         used   by  U.S.  Government  organizations  (and  others)  to    
         protect sensitive information.                                   
                                                                          
         DCPP  file  encryption  software  is automatic and completely    
         transparent  to  the  user.  Not only does this decrease user    
         involvement  and  training  requirements, but also it creates    
         the    foundation   for  enforceable  security.  The  careful    
         integration  of  boot  protection  and  automatic  encryption    
         provides  a  high  degree  of security with minimal impact on    
         users.  Boot  protection prevents subversion of the operating    
         system  (via floppy boot-up, for example) or the introduction    
         of  rogue programs while sector by sector encryption makes it    
         impossible  to copy individual files for brute force attacks.    
         DCPP  Windows  encryption safeguards the operating system and    
         the  important  system  files  (which  often contain clues to    
         passwords for Windows).                                          
                                                                          
         DCPP  is  the  fastest  and  most feature-rich real-time full    
         disk  encryption  system  available,  Special  care  has been    
         taken  to  render  all  cryptographic  parts  as  invisible &    
         transparent as possible.                                         
                                                                          
         Pre-Boot Authentication                                          
                                                                          
         The    user    is    authenticated    by  means  of  pre-boot    
         authentication   (PBA)  before  the  system  is  started  and    
         therefore  before  the  operating system is booted. This kind    
         of   authentication  cannot  be  manipulated,  PBA  therefore    
         guarantees  maximum  security. Neither keys nor passwords are    
         stored  on  the  PC's  hard  disk.  All  of  the  information    
         required  to  boot  the  operating system is derived from the    
         password.   This  makes  the  use  of  hard  disk  tools  for    
         analysing  the  hard  disk  completely  ineffective.  PBA  in    
         provided  by  a system call BootAuth and is a fully graphical    
         login screen.                                                    
                                                                          
         Full disk Encryption                                             
                                                                          
         Automatic  &  transparent  Full  disk encryption (FDE) offers    
         several  key  advantages  relative  to  file  encryption. FDE    
         secures   the  system  and  temp  files  that  often  contain    
         sensitive  data  but  are  missed  by  file  encryption. Even    
         removing  the  drive  itself does not give access to any file    
         or  directory  structure.  FDE  is performed sector by sector    
         without  creating  temp  or  backup files. As a result, large    
         files  will  decrypt without delay whereas file encryption is    
         normally  much slower. Whole disk encryption also avoids such    
         time  consuming tasks as secure deletes of temp files or work    
         files  in  clear  text,  and  obviates  the need to do a full    
         delete on disks to be discarded.                                 
                                                                          
         How does it work?                                                
                                                                          
         As  data  is  read  from  the  hard  disk, DCPP automatically    
         decrypts  the data before it is loaded into memory. When data    
         is  written  back  to  the  hard  disk,  it  is automatically    
         re-encrypted.  This  process is completely transparent to the    
         user  or any application programs, the data is caught "on the    
         fly"  as  it  transfers  back and forth between the hard disk    
         and  memory.  Consequently,  users  don't need to remember to    
         decrypt  or  re-encrypt  their  data,  or  change  the normal    
         operation  of  their PC. In addition, only individual sectors    
         are  decrypted  at  any  one  time,  not the whole hard disk.    
         Other  products  that  claim  to  be  "on the fly" decrypt an    
         entire  file  and  load  it into memory, creating significant    
         security  risks.  DCPP  is smarter and more secure because it    
         decrypts  only  the  specific  sectors  of a file that are in    
         use.  Unprotected  data  never  resides  on  a DCPP encrypted    
         disk.                                                            
                                                                          
         Hidden Operating System:                                         
                                                                          
         DCPP  is the only disk encryption software on the market able    
         to  hide  an  entire  operating  system  inside the free disk    
         space  of  another  operating  system.  You  can  practically    
         define  two  passwords  for  your  DCPP  encrypted  disk: One    
         password  is  for the visible operating system, the other for    
         the  invisible  one.  The  first  "fake"  password  gives you    
         access  to  a  pre-configured  operating  system  (outer OS),    
         while  the  other  gives  you  access  to  your  real working    
         operating  system.  This functionality is extremely useful if    
         you  fear  that  someone  may  force  you to provide the DCPP    
         password;  in  this  case,  you  simply  give  away the first    
         (fake)  password  so  that your attacker will be able to boot    
         your  system,  but only see the prepared information that you    
         want  him  to  find. The attacker will not be able to see any    
         confidential  and  personal data and he will also not be able    
         to  understand  that  the  machine is storing one more hidden    
         operating  system.  On  the  other  hand,  if  you enter your    
         private  password  (for the invisible disk), your system will    
         boot  a  different  operating  system  (your  working system)    
         giving  you  the  access  to  all your confidential data. The    
         creation  of  a hidden operating system is not obligatory and    
         as  such, it is not possible for anyone who does not have the    
         hidden  OS password to know or find out if a hidden operating    
         system exists or not.                                            
                                                                          
                                                                          
         For more info,visit -> http://www.securstar.com                  
                                                                         
 

                        [ Install notes ]                         
      

    Install,   apply  patch  and  generate  a  keyfile  with  the
    keyfilemaker.                                                
    Machine Profile should be generated automatically and        
    properly according to our tests, but in case if it fails     
    or  wrong  Machine Profile is generated then type it manually
    in the following format: XXXX-XXXX-XXXX                      
                                                                 
    Enjoy! ;)                                                    


   
      
          [ About the team and some thing what's worth to know... ]     
       
         Some  people  met in a hidden place of the internet long time    
         ago.  They  realized  quickly that they are interested in the    
         same  things,  and  their  thinking  is  similar  too. A nice    
         friendship  started, and they were working on a lot of common    
         reversing   projects.   Later  this  friendship  wasn't  only    
         "virtual", they became friends in real life too. This is what    
         makes  us  a  REAL  team...  We  are  dedicated to do quality    
         keygens.  Don't  cry with stupid requests, nobody cares about    
         it,  because  we  are reversing for OUR entertainment and not    
         for  yours!  We  aren't a new team, just our name seems to be    
         new.  In  the years we got some friend, contact and "fan". An    
         important note to our "fans": We put a hidden trojan in every    
         release, so when you execute our keygen, it logs all activity    
         in  your  computer  and  sends  it  to the FBI. HAHA, DIE ALL    
         FUCKIN  NOBODIES!  And  finally  a few thinks about legality,    
         copyright, etc: We give a shit on the users, we don't support    
         any  torrents,  DCs  and  other  gay  things.Our releases are    
         internal,  ONLY for the scene. It's not our business that the    
         scene  is full of shitbones who spread the releases to public    
         places.  It's  not our fault that idiots own this world...       
                                                                          
         "Coolin' out with style - like back in the days.                 
          Representin' the skills, puttin' suckers in their place..."     
                                                                         
 

                         [ Greetings ]                            
  

                Greetings to all souls in hell...

   
      
                               [ Contact ]                              
       
                                                                          
              If you are skilful enough, you may reach us...              
                                                                         
 

         [ NFO Created by b & Last Updated on 09/02/2007 ]