Hung Season 2 All 10 Episodes

Hung Season 2 (2010)

ALL “EZTV” Rips!

One of the greatest and best acted shows on television! PLEASE SEED! Thanks vladtepes3176

PLOT: Hung Season 2 continues brilliantly seeing Thomas Jane as Ray Drecker, a down-on-his-luck high school teacher and sports coach as he tries to supplement his income by being a male prostitute with the help of his friend Tanya (Jane Adams) and Rebecca Creskoff as Lenore Bernard. Complications arise as Drecker struggles with the eclectic responsibilities of his vocation as a prostitute, while dealing with his undying passions in life; ex-wife Jessica (Anne Heche) , and raising his two teenage children, fraternal twins Damon and Darby (Charlie Saxton and Sianoa Smit-McPhee). 

Cast & Characters:

Thomas Jane as Ray Drecker: Former star athlete turned high school teacher/coach and single dad who becomes a prostitute in order to provide a better life for himself and his children.

Jane Adams as Tanya Skagle: A former flame of Ray's who reunites with him later on. She takes on the role of his pimp after proving to have optimism to make money in the business.

Anne Heche as Jessica Haxon: Ray's ex-wife who is trying to build a relationship with her children as they drift away from her. She also finds herself drifting from her new husband, Ronnie.

Charlie Saxton as Damon Drecker: Ray and Jessica's son. He partakes in goth-like activities and is unsure as to his exact sexuality. He has issues with his mom and is much more comfortable around his father.

Sianoa Smit-McPhee as Darby Drecker: Ray and Jessica's daughter, and Damon's twin. Darby has had issues with her boyfriend, and is very close with her brother, often a source of support.

Eddie Jemison as Ronnie Haxon: Jessica's new husband who is starting to become more about business than romance, causing both Jessica and himself to drift to outside romantic sources.

Rebecca Creskoff as Lenore Bernard: A life coach who is introduced to Ray by Tanya to bring in clients. Eventually, Lenore proves she can be a better pimp than Tanya, and the two are currently battling for his attention. (Recurring S1, Regular S2)

Gregg Henry as Mike Hunt: Ray's good friend and assistant coach. He is becoming suspicious of Ray's behavior, and is extremely paranoid about being laid off as the school begins cutting costs. (Recurring S1, Regular S2)

Lennie James as Charlie: A real pimp that offers advice to Tanya on how to best pimp Ray out.
SEASON TWO EPISODES: 
1.	"Just the Tip"
2.	"Tucson Is the Gateway to Dick or This Is Not Sexy"
3.	"Mind Bullets or Bang Bang Bang Bang Motherfucker"
4.	"Sing It Again, Ray or Home Plate"
5.	"A Man, a Plan or Thank You, Jimmy Carter"
6.	"Beaverland"
7.	"The Middle East Is Complicated"
8.	"Third Base or The Rash"
9.	"Fat Off My Love or I'm the Allergen"
10.	"Even Steven or Luckiest Kid in Detroit"

