This is a very fine show. It portrays rural England in the 1950's, and is very well realised. It is a comedic drama rather than a realistic depiction of life, and is quietly humorous and highly entertaining.The characters are not without their foibles and faults, but none are evil-spirited or unpleasant (with the single exception of a new character introduced into the very last episode of the final series) and all rub along with each other in a fashion familiar to us all in our own lives.

Although Born and Bred's emphasis is on entertainment, the show is not without its share of sadness and upset, which only adds to the realism and the viewer's enjoyment.

It is unfortunate that the two actors who portrayed the main male characters chose to leave the show, but their presence was missed only for a short while. The strength of the writing and characters was such that the show was able to continue as strongly as ever.

I highly recommend Born and Bred, although I think it only fair to mention that the show was obviously cancelled rather unexpectedly and against the wishes of the writer. The final episode doesn't therefore end at a natural point. This is in marked contrast to the BBC's announcement that "The series has reached a natural conclusion". This is nonsense.

The series was as good as ever. The potential for the further development of the characters and story was enormous. Yet the show was cancelled. Why? The show's writer may later be obliged to say otherwise. However, the last episode was quite clearly written in the knowledge that the BBC were likely to cancel, but in hope of achieving another series. Thus we had the potential romantic liaisons reaching semi-fruition in consideration of the viewers, but also the implementation of an entirely new storyline with the arrival of a new vicar and the framing of one of the main characters. The episode ended on two separate but related cliff-hangers, the story lines to be followed in the next series – if it had materialised.

We all know (or should know by now) that programmes such as this do not meet with the approval of the chattering classes – those who consider themselves to be the moral leaders of our society. Their sensibilities are offended by the depiction of happy "traditional" family life in a peaceful and contented England, devoid of non-White people and without the "blessings" of diversity. In the last series we did, of course, have the "pleasure" of the introduction into the show of homosexuality, a mother who gave birth as a young teenager, a sexually promiscuous leading female character (none of these being met with anything but sympathy and acceptance by the other characters) and generally increased sexual content. But this was not enough to save the show. Even with these developments, a series set in 1950's rural England just couldn't adequately reflect the values of those who seek to constrain the actions, speech and thoughts of the "proles".

Born and Bred just might return in light of viewers' objections, but this is extremely unlikely. More probably, the BBC will disregard all objections and wait for the fuss to die down. Most viewers won't even be aware that the series has been cancelled, and although those who are aware will be disappointed, they will soon let it pass. After all, it's only a television show.

So what does the future hold? Well, we will see ever fewer programmes such as Born and Bred. They portray an England very different to that which our self-appointed liberal elite want us to become. Dramas must reflect their morality, their sense of what must be. So we will see an unending succession of standardised tripe. These programmes will be filled with graphic sexual scenes, profanity and multi-racial casts. They will portray (in a positive light) single parenthood, feminist themes, sexual promiscuity, homosexuality, the "joys" of mass immigration and "diversity", happy racial integration and miscegenation. 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0314983/