OVERVIEW

Simple. Secure. Resource saving.

G Data best-in-test protection without any loss of computing power. Use of selflearning fingerprinting and whitelisting mean increased scan speeds and reduced memory requirements. Improved proactive detection of unknown viruses through use of optimised behaviour blocking and significant data reduction during installation and update routines through use of revised cloud computing.

G Data AntiVirus once again sets the highest security benchmarks in virus, spyware and phishing protection.

Maximum security from the record test winner:

* Constant optimum virus detection
* For many years the quickest response time to new viruses
* The latest methods for detecting unknown viruses (behaviour blocking, heuristics, cloud security)

Simple user guidance - ideal for beginners:

* With new “one click” user interfaces - everything at a glance
* Automatically carries out all protection functions undetected in the background

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Operating system:

* Microsoft Windows 7 (32/64bit)
* Microsoft Windows Vista (32/64bit)
* Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or higher, 32/64bit)



At least 512 MB RAM

Internet connection needed (for virus- and software updates)

Installing the software

To ensure that the G Data software functions smoothly, your
computer should meet the following
minimum
requirements:
PC with one of the following operating systems: Windows 7,
Windows Vista, Windows XP (SP2 or higher)
At least 512 MB RAM memory, Internet access, Internet
Explorer 6 or higher
If your computer is or has already been protected by antivirus
software, you can run the installation as follows. However, if
you have good reason to suspect that your computer has
already been infected by a virus, it is recommended that you
run a boot scan before installing the G Data software. For
more information please read the section
Boot scan prior to
installation
.
1
To begin the installation, insert the
G Data software CD
or c onnect the
G Data software USB stick
to your
computer. An installation window will open
automatically.

2
Now click on the
Install
button. A wizard then guides
you through the process of installing the software on
your computer. Once you have entered the required
information, the wizard starts installing the s oftware on
your system.

3
You may have to restart your computer after the
installation is complete. The G Data software will then
be ready for use.


On the first run

When you run the G Data software, two wizards automatically
open one after the other. They will help you create important
settings for the software. As soon as this is done and you are
familiar with how the software work s, you can disable these
wizards and create settings in the software yourself.
?
To disable an assistant, simply check the box next to
Do not show this message again
.
Internet update wizard
If you are running the software for the first time after installing
it, a wizard opens which you can use to update your G Data
software directly over the Internet. As new viruses are
constantly being developed, it is crucial that your antivirus
software is up to date! Therefore you should run the Internet
update as quickly as possible.
1
To do so, click on the
Perform updates
button. A
window will now appear requesting the access data for
Internet updates.