File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s 
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo or titles.


"Centipede" is the first single by American singer Rebbie Jackson and the title track from her debut album, Centipede. It remains her highest charting single to date, peaking at number four on the Billboard R&B chart and number twenty-four on the Billboard Hot 100. It was written and produced by her brother Michael Jackson. The song features backing vocals by Jackson's siblings Michael and La Toya, and the Weather Girls. It was later re-released on The Rebbie Jackson Collection and on her 1998 album Yours Faithfully. The single includes an extended mix and an instrumental version.

"Centipede" was sampled in Brand Nubian's song "Let's Dance", found on their 1998 album Foundation.

    * Lead vocals by Rebbie Jackson
    * Background vocals by Michael Jackson and La Toya Jackson
    * Additional background vocals by Martha Wash and Izora Armstead
    * Written and produced by Michael Jackson

Centipede is the debut album by American singer Rebbie Jackson. Released on the CBS label in 1984, the record spawned two top-forty Billboard charting hits, the most famous being the title track. Centipede became Jackson's only gold-certified album throughout her 14-year musical career.

The album is mentioned in the 2006 RuPaul song "Supermodel (El Lay Toya Jam)" from the album "ReWorked".

Maureen Reillette Brown (née Jackson; born May 29, 1950) is an American singer professionally known as Rebbie Jackson. Born and raised in Gary, Indiana, she is the eldest child of the Jackson family of musicians. She first performed on stage with her siblings during shows in Las Vegas, Nevada, at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino in 1974, before subsequently appearing in the television series The Jacksons.

At age 34, Jackson released her debut album Centipede (1984). The album featured songs written by Smokey Robinson, Prince and her younger brother Michael, whose contribution (the title track "Centipede") became Rebbie's most successful single release. By the end of the 1980s, the singer had released two more albums in quick succession: Reaction (1986) and R U Tuff Enuff (1988).

Following a 10-year hiatus in her musical career, Jackson returned with the 1998 album Yours Faithfully. The production of the album, her last to date, had the singer collaborate with artist and producers such as Men of Vizion's Spanky Williams, Keith Thomas and Eliot Kennedy. It also featured contributions from her children. Nathaniel Brown is Jackson's husband and the two have been married since 1968.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

