Sweet Comfort Band was a Christian rock band who were active from the mid-1970s until 1984. The band was composed of keyboardist/lead vocalist Bryan Duncan, guitarist/vocalist Randy Thomas and brothers Kevin (bass guitar) and Rick (drums/vocals) Thomson. Although the band was the brainchild of the Thomson brothers, Duncan and Thomas quickly became the driving creative forces performing most of the writing duties for the group. SCB also became well-known for their highly detailed, airbrushed album cover art, a trend that had previously been considered too costly for Christian groups who did not produce the high-volume album sales of mainstream bands such as Kansas.

Sweet Comfort Band was a late entry into the Jesus music with their 1977 self-titled release on Maranatha! Records. When they started, they had a funky, jazzy, R&B and 70's rock sound. This set them apart from many of the bands in the nascent Contemporary Christian music industry who were primarily performing folk-rock and soft rock. Few bands had the musicianship displayed by this quartet.

However, Maranatha! decided to quit releasing rock and roll albums and focus on children's releases, gospel and worship music. The band did not fit the new direction, so Light Records welcomed them for their sophomore release Breakin' The Ice.

The next six years saw them touring heavily to support their releases and the band drifted towards a more traditional rock sound.

The band went their separate ways in 1984 having released six albums and having a large fan base, but never achieving great radio success. Bryan Duncan released a number of solo projects over the next fifteen years. Randy Thomas went on to found the band Allies.

Several bands, Servant, White Heart, and Switchfoot have credited them with breaking ground or influencing their careers.


[edit] Band members
Bryan Duncan: Keyboards, Vocals 
Kevin Thomson: Bass Guitar 
Rick Thomson: Drums, Vocals 
Randy Thomas: Guitars, Vocals 

[edit] Discography
Sweet Comfort - 1977 (Maranatha! Records) 
Breakin' the Ice - 1979 (Light Records) 
Hold on Tight - 1980 (Light Records) 
Hearts of Fire - 1981 (Light Records) 
Cutting Edge - 1982 (Light Records) 
Perfect Timing - 1984 (Light Records) 
