Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


QR III is a studio album released by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot. The name of this recording is short for "Quiet Riot III", and was released in 1986. Despite the title, this is actually the band's fifth album; however it was on their third major label/worldwide release. Following the massive success of Metal Health and the more modest reception of Condition Critical (which failed to duplicate Metal Health's success, but at least did go top 20 and receive a platinum certification), QRIII  represents Quiet Riots final plunge away from stardom. The album only reached #32 on the US charts and has yet to achieve any certification at all.

The lead single, The Wild And The Young, is a stadium hymn to the energy of youth. Its accompanying video painted an Orwellian picture of the future, where totalitarian militarists fought to wipe out rock and roll -- a reference to the Senate hearings concerning explicit language in heavy metal songs.

Quiet Riot is an American heavy metal band. They are best known for their hit singles "Cum On Feel the Noize" and "Metal Health". They were founded in 1973 by guitarist Randy Rhoads and bassist Kelly Garni, under the original name Mach 1, before changing the name to Little Women and finally Quiet Riot in May 1975. The original line-up featured lead vocalist Kevin DuBrow, Rhoads, Garni, and drummer Drew Forsyth. Their current lineup features no original members from the Randy Rhoads era, and consists of lead vocalist Mark Huff, drummer Frankie Banali, bassist Chuck Wright, and guitarist Alex Grossi. Both Banali and Wright are from the Metal Health era, as Wright played bass on two songs from the album Metal Health, including the hit song "Metal Health", and sang backing vocals on the entire album.

In a radio interview given by the band in 1979, DuBrow said the band's name was born of a conversation with Rick Parfitt of British band Status Quo in which Parfitt said he'd like to name a band "Quite Right". With his thick English accent, it sounded like he was saying "Quiet Riot". They are ranked at number 100 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".

Kevin DuBrow, lead singer of the band for the majority of its existence, was found dead in his Las Vegas, Nevada home at approximately 5:20 p.m. on Sunday, November 25, 2007. The cause of death was ruled a cocaine overdose. Quiet Riot temporarily disbanded after his death.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/