Ol' Scratch is a five piece doom juggernaut hailing from the D.C. area. With meager garage beginnings in 2003, and after many lineup changes the band now features former members of Lord, Black Canary, and VOG they are definitely influenced by the areas abundance of traditional doom. 

The dual guitar attack from James and Will brings a definite southern sludge-metal edge to their music. Add in a thunderous rythm section featuring Steve on bass and Larry on drums, and Andy, a frontman with a rare vocal range for the genre, and its truely a lineup to behold. Throw it all in a van with a wall of Sunn amplifiers and Ol' Scratch is a touring machine, playing shows from Maine to Florida and from D.C. to L.A. they've toured and played with doom legends such as Trouble, Weedeater, Sourvein, Alabama Thunderpussy, and Kylesa. 

Currently touring to debut their critically acclaimed, full length album entitled "The Sunless Citadel" (OSSR Records), the band has seen many EP and split releases such as 2005's "Blood Puddin'", 2006's "Lord/Ol' Scratch Split" , 2007's "In Nex Illic Est Vita", and 2008's "The Polar Bear Sessions". Ol' Scratch is also slated to release a split with North Carolina sludge titans Sourvein. 

They have spent the last five years touring as much as possible, including such high visibility festivals such as The Maine Stoner Fest 2, Stoner Hands of Doom 8 and 10, The Twenty Buck Spin 3, Cabin of Doom 1 & 2, and the Cleavage of Doom benefit; with many upcoming tours and local area shows already booked. 

For fans of everything from Eyehategod to Pentagram, Ol' Scratch brings it every night, and chances are they'll be in your neck of the woods soon.....whether you like it or not

Current line-up 
James - Vocals/Guitar
Steve - Bass
Kerch - Vocals
Skip - Drums 

Review

"Ol’ Scratch have been impressing me since Blood Puddin came out and with each EP since, they’ve been getting better and better; The Sunless Citadel is the culmination of several years of hard work, with a reinvigorated line-up and a diseased set of songs that are punishing yet memorable. No boring skippers here, just track after track of fire n’ brimstone chucking hate-doom that is sure to lend these boys some widespread, international appeal. Let’s just hope this line-up holds true, because this is easily on par with the band’s live show (something you got to hear for yourself…I guarantee you it is one of the loudest experiences you’ll ever have), placing them in a category unto themselves." -HELLRIDEMUSIC.COM 

"...the band covers a lot of ground on this album.If there is any weak point at all its the drum sound which seems to get buried a little at times under the monstrous bass sound.Normally that would hurt the rating but with the songs being so good and solid it doesn't affect the overall listening experience of this CD.Conclusion - this is my favorite CD of the year so far,a release so good that i don't know if this band will ever top it.Its out on Oppresive Sound System and the artwork and package is pretty damn good also.I hope everyone into Sludge and Doom check this mutha out.Essential.... 10/10" DOOM METAL ALLIANCE 

Genre = Sludge / Stoner / Doom Metal
Format = MP3
Bit Rate = 192 kbps

Track Listing
1. The Sunless Citadel  
2. Infernal Judgement 
3. Redneck Deity 
4. Draconian March   
5. Bottom Basement   
6. Tree of Woe 
7. Last Charge of a Dying Race 
8. Brink of the Maelstrom 
9. Wizard Smoke   
10. The Goatbridge