Grandia 2 for the Ps2                                   Rel. 01/29/2002 


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang:          English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with WinRar, game was tested and works. 
Try 7zip its free google it, if don't have WinRar.



You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
        
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
        
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
       
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
       
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Game Description:

An Awesome upgrade from the original dreamcast version. Grandia II for the Ps2 has way better graphics, sound, and gameplay then it's predecessor. Play grandia 2 from the dc and compare to the ps2 you'll see what I mean. A better reworked and revamped version while sticking true to the original storyline. A much much better game.

Long ago, the battle of light and darkness was held, pitting the god Granas against the demon Valmar. Though scars of the battle still mark the land, time has passed and the people of the world have built new civilizations and kingdoms to colonize the planet. The "Day of Darkness" will someday occur, heralding the resurrection of Valmar.

Ryudo is a "GeoHound", a mercenary available for hire, usually for slaying monsters and recovering goods. Working with a talking bird named Skye, who sites on Ryudo's shoulder, they will "do anything" if the price is right One day Ryudo receives a job from a branch of the Church of Granas, they ask Ryudo to become a bodyguard for a young priestess named Elena during a prayer ceremony. During the ceremony, strange events occur requiring Ryudo to escort Elena on a journey towards the 

Grandia 2 is a 3D RPG, viewed from a top-down perspective for most of the game and a 3rd person view during battle. Controlling Ryudo, the player will explore various locations, locating townspeople and objects within an area to interact with. Towns and dungeons are displayed in the same manner, though dungeons tend to be mazes filled with monsters and towns tend to be friendly areas filled instead with conversation and shops. Any monsters present in these areas will be shown walking around. Walking over to and touching the monster in any way will activate a battle. If the monster notices the player approaching it is considered a normal battle, if Ryudo is able to approach undetected the player's party will gain the initiative in battle, if any party member besides Ryudo is approached by the enemy then the party loses initiative.

In battle, each character is able to choose from a list of actions that include "attack combos" (standard attack command), Special Abilities/Magic, "Critical Strike", Guard, Evade and Escape. Critical Strikes are weaker versions of attack combos with the advantage that they can block an enemy's action. This partly depends on the positions of the character on the action bar, displayed at the bottom of the screen, which shows each character (and enemy's) time to act within the battle. Some magic spells and special abilities are also able to block enemy actions, though they take longer to perform than normal attacks. Both combo attacks and critical attacks require the attacker to run up to the enemy in order to perform the action. This depends heavily on the character's individual movement as well as other characters acting as obstacles on the screen. Successfully defeating enemies in battle awards experience points, power points, magic points, gold and items. 


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Best to burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim Or use Tayio Yuden DVD+R or DVD-R Media for best quality.

Using any other media might not work at all.

If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.
(I can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).


Enjoy!