Metagraffiti - Graffiti Art Films
20 short films
2 h 14 min
Avi
No subs

Art Less Pollution 
With a rag Alexandre Orion rubbed more than three thousand skulls in the grime in one of the dirty traffic tunnels of Sao Paolo. Shortly, the city sent in a cleaning patrol that washed the tunnel for the first time in ages.
Director: Alexandre Orion 

Bildberättelse från Bronx
Inspired by the book “The Faith of Graffiti”, two journalists took the No. 4 subway line to the Bronx and met a group of graffiti writers. A slow and poetic reflection on the human need to create and be seen. First sent on Kulturmagasinet on Swedish television in 1974, and some of the earliest European filmed material on New York graffiti. 
Director: Lars Helander, Roland Odlander 

BreakingE18 
A man runs across a meadow. Once he has arrived at the motorway, he climbs over the railing and throws himself onto the tarmac. A crazy breakdance begins, with short interruptions to avoid passing cars.
Director: Nug & Mattias Bäcklin

Cleaning Unit 
Just like in all graffiti action films, The Cleaning Unit begins with fast music and breakneck speed. Three masked guys rush through the fence to a commuter train. They whip out cleaning spray and rags and frenetically start polishing the train. 
Director: PeTvå, Alpinski, G & Subjectiv 

The Death of The Phonetic, The Rebirth of The Iconogreffic 
Tagno shows what tagging can be, freestyling words in large format with spray and giving them both character and content. 
Director: Daniel Tagno 

Dressed For Success 
Akay demonstrates that he has more space than most in his getup. 
Director: Akay 

Hart Mops 1
In the summer of 2005, a City of Names was built in Berlin. This film takes place there. The characters seek the City of Names-subway in order to paint it. 
Director: Richard Schwarz, Roko Kahlo,  Jürgen Schimermann

History of Breakdance 
With animated graffiti styles andcharacters, History of Breakdanceshows the development of breaking and hip-hop culture since the mid-seventies. Rumour has it that the intense Berlin writers who made the film literally lived in the studio during its 
production. 
Director: Idee, Thomas Naumann, Jeremias Boettcher 

King of The Line
A three-part exposé on teenage fascination with graffiti and something of the attendant carefree life. “It’s sofresh I can’t take it”, “Best things in life are free” and “Su casa, mi casa” have become classics and are explosively punk-like in their vitality. 
Director: Nug & Pike 

L - Eine Stadt sucht einen Schmierer 
A modern version of Steve Martin’s “Dead Men Don’t Wear Plaid” and an homage to Fritz Lang’s masterpiece film “M – Eine Stadt sucht einen Mörder”, here with a writer as the main character in 1930s Berlin. 
Director: React 

Lärdig klottra 1 & 2 
A reflection on the sufferings of the graffiti writer and good advice to those who wish to try for themselves.All with a large dose of humour. 
Director: Fredrik Katt 

Magic Colorz 
Berlin graffiti writers perform a kind of modern dance as they move through town bombing everything they can reach, but without paint. 
Director: Blind Hazard Productions 

MiniGraff 
Sketch was refused to use thelargest model railway in Denmark, so Mini Graff is filmed on the second largest. Here his many painted model trains travel through Danish cities and villages. The Danish graffiti elite has done everything from throw- 
ups to burners on every car. 
Director: Sketzh 

Muto 
Blu’s fantastical creature crawls like a snail along house walls, through doors and out of windows. A nightmare for some, beautiful for others.
Director: Blu

The Pen 
What’s it like to be a tag pen? How fun can it be to lie in someone’s pocket most of the time and just be allowed out sometimes? The Pen tells it all from a marker’s point of view. 
Director: Demenz 

Pixa 
A group of pixacao writers demonstrate their skills in forming human pyramids while tagging. 
Director: Andreas Johnsen, Teddy Goitom 

Sign jam 
Akim heads workshops for Italian students and Zast talks about the two Berlin writers’ research on graffiti. An excellent insight into theory and practice from the hottest graffiti town in Europe.
Director: Metaflow 

Spag 
An experimental study of subway trains bearing so-called spags, spaghettis: sprayed lines on the outsides of the trains, hypnotically repeated into infinity.
Director: Nug

The Subconscious Art of Graffiti Removal 
Matt McCormick has created a dreamy and beautiful film about an unknown art movement: that of graffiti removal. With mild irony we are given the grand tour of Portland's industrial areas that are supposed to be graffiti free.
Director: Matt McCormick

Three Days in A Letters World 
An abstract animated tale with graffiti aesthetics in one of the main roles. A fantastic study in tagging by Nick, Cost and Zast follows the credits
Director: Daniel Tagno