B L I Z Z A R D               
                                              
                                                        
            South River DMZedge Server v3.01.507        
                           Enterprise Edition                       
            release date: 2009-12-04      supplier: TEAM BLZ           
                   disks: 2                cracker: TEAM BLZ          
               protection: Lic/Online Auth       os: Win2k3Vista2k8    
                                                                  
                                                              
     
                  RELEASE INFO               
       
                                              
                                                         
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                       
                                                                       
    The DMZedge Server enables you to close inbound ports on your      
    firewall, reducing the risk of network intrusion and enabling the  
    highest level of security for both data storage and transfers.     
    When combined with the Titan MFT Server or the GroupDrive Server,  
    the DMZedge Server uses a two-way connection originating from the  
    Secure MFT or GroupDrive Server that is inside of the firewall on  
    your corporate LAN. The DMZedge works as a communication proxy,    
    replacing unsecure inbound connections from the Internet to your   
    internal network.                                                  
                                                                       
    The DMZedge Server works as a proxy between users on the Internet  
    and your secure corporate LAN. DMZedge Server resides in the       
    Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) - outside of your corporate firewall.     
    The GroupDrive or Titan MFT Server that resides on your network    
    initiates a session with the DMZedge through a secure outbound     
    connection. All incoming client requests and data are forwarded    
    to the back-end server through a connection that has already been  
    established between the MFT Server and the DMZedge Server. The     
    MFT or GroupDrive Servers reside securely behind your corporate    
    firewall, although ease of access for your end users is as simple  
    as if the servers were in your DMZ. Data storage and               
    authentication take place on the back-end server, and no inbound   
    ports are opened through your firewall.                            
                                                                       
    Features...                                                        
                                                                       
    - No requirement for opening inbound ports through your corporate  
      firewall; instead the internal MFT or GroupDrive Server          
      initiates an outbound connection to the DMZedge Server           
    - Enables Managed File Transfers and secure collaboration by       
      working in conjunction with either the Titan MFT or GroupDrive   
      Server products                                                  
    - Virtual authentication - DMZedge acts as a proxy for             
      authentication to the back-end server, including authentication  
      to existing Active Directory or LDAP server implementations      
    - Secure protocol support including full FTPS, SFTP, HTTPS, and    
      WebDAV over SSL                                                  
    - Complete pass-through capability - no storage or replication of  
      user database information is required on the DMZedge Server      
    - Simple, wizard-driven installation reduces implementation time.  
                                                                       
    Changes in 3.01.507                                                
                                                                       
    - Fixed: Port in use error when a MFT server conected and          
      disconnected and reconnected to the DMZ server.                  
    - Added: FIPS-140-2 Compliance when used with Titan MFT Server v7  
      and SFTP.                                                        
    - Added: DMZedge Server is now available in a full 64-bit edition  
      for installation under the 64-bit editions of Windows Server     
      2003 and Windows Server 2008.                                    
    - Fixed: Activation issue that prevented certain registration      
      codes from being accepted.                                       
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                  INSTALL INFO                
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
    Run DMZEDGE301507.EXE and follow instructions.                     
                                                                       
    Run B-DMZEDGESRV301507-PATCH.EXE to eliminate the online           
    authorization check from the activation procedure.                 
                                                                       
    Product Registration Code: 53-12DN05-80308A99-007D06-5432          
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                    GREETINGS                 
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
      greets fly out to all groups which actively and courageously     
             work on building better release conditions and            
                        thus keep the scene up.                        
                                                                       
                   special greets to our friends in:                   
                                                                       
            absokt - acme - air - digerati - explosion - f4cg          
         orion - pdx - shock - ssg - tbe - tmg - unleashed - zwt       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                     CONTACT                  
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
     We are a closed group, if we need you then we will contact you!   
                                                                       
        Software worth using is worth buying.. keep this in mind!      
                                                                       
                                                                  
                                                          
                                                  
           nfo updated on       
                        2009.07.19                 
                                    
                                       
                            INFOFILE DRAWN BY
                                 H7/ACCESSiON