Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Ego" is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles, written and produced by Elvis "BlacElvis" Williams, Harold Lilly, and Knowles for the deluxe edition of her third studio album, I Am… Sasha Fierce. The song was released on May 19, 2009, as the album's fifth single in the United States. The remix, featuring hip hop artist Kanye West, is included on the Above and Beyoncé - Video Collection & Dance Mixes CD/DVD.

The video premiered on Beyonce's official website on May 21, 2009. The video, like the ones for "If I Were A Boy", "Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It)", and "Diva" was shot in black and white. The video consists of Beyoncé in a silver leotard and two other women dressed similarly doing the same choreography as her, which has reminiscence of the video of "Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It)". Later in the video she is sitting in a white glittery chair in front of the same tiled background, in a black coat with the two dancers still dancing in unison around her, there are a few shots of her in the chair to the back of the camera with the dancers also with their backs to the camera. Later Beyoncé gets up from the chair and dances with the dancers around the chair this scene ends as she and the dancers walk to the left of the camera and walk into the next scene. In this scene she is still with the tiled background and she and her dancers are holding poles with which they dance with. Also, there are, during the pole scene some shots of her on her own singing in the chair from the second scene. In the next scene, with the same tiled background, Beyoncé is leaning against the wall during the Bridge of the song and her dancers spin in heels around her and afterward they all continue to dance against the wall. The very last scene shows Beyoncé in the chair, without the black jacket and dancing to herself while the song ends. This is the first video from I Am... Sasha Fierce for her to have curly afro hair, similar to the one in "Work It Out". It is also the first video from the Sasha Fierce side of her album where she does not don her robo-glove as in "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" and "Diva". In the premiered version of the music video, the word "bitch" is muted out when Beyoncé states "I got every reason to feel like I'm that bitch!"

The remix and its music video are on the Above and Beyoncé DVD. It premiered on the June 15, 2009 episode of BET's Access Granted. In the remix video, Kanye West begins his rap in an empty room next to a follow spot. At the end of his rap, he points the light towards the camera and the shot fades in white to Knowles' scenes. The rest of the video is nearly identical to the original video.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 
