Music : Classical : MP3/Variable
Lenny would not have been my first choice for these works. Before hearing this CD, Ferenc Fricsay (also on DG) was my favorite for the C minor mass. And it's still a highly-recommended recording, but if I had to play the old "desert island" game, I'd opt for this performance above all others, for reasons that are more spiritual than technical. Yes, the choir does get away from Lenny a little bit at times (though I think a reviewer below me made far too much of this--live performances don't have that pin-point accuracy of a studio, and this is a live performance), but for fervor, devotion, intensity, this is a burning C minor mass. It's interesting that I was just rereading Hildesheimer the other day and he points out that we cannot tell of Mozart's own devotion in his sacred works--he assumes the persona of the devoted for the task at hand, but the music reveals nothing of the man behind them. Well, maybe so, but this recording definitely reveals the man behind the baton. Was it because, just one year before his own death, Lenny sensed that time was short? He certainly attacked certain works in his last years with a spirituality bordering on Furtwanglerian. Sometimes it didn't work (eg, his Tchaikovsky Pathetique on DG), and sometimes it did. Here, like furtwangler often did, he uses dynamics in some abrupt and shocking ways that, as with Furtwangler, may not be strickly kosher. I don't care. They work.

Here Bernstein summons forth all his energy--and judging by how he looked in late interviews, he did not have that much of it by then, though you'd hardly know it here--to give a grand summation of the work. It's the sort of large-scale epic reading it hadn't yet received on disc. Arleen Auger, surely with Bernstein's help, finds more emotion and shape in her Kyrie solo than anyone I've ever heard. Some have found the pace here heavy or ponderous but I find it intense. Same with the Sanctus movement--this is a decidedly earthbound Sanctus, but it works for me. Listen to Auger in the Laudamus...heavenly, at least to these ears. The interplay between Auger and von Stade in the Domine Deus is delicious. And in the Gratias agimus tibi, the very heavens seem to open. --Listen to the ending. If that doesn't make your hair stand up, you must be bald!

On the other two works--the Exsultate Jubilate and the Ave verum corpus--Bernstein takes fewer chances. The performances still shimmer, but these are more mainstream interpretations. Auger does well on both, though even she can't hide how tough the Exsultate must be to navigate. The program here is very fulfilling. These pieces, though not put together on one CD often, work well. There's something very satisfying about starting with the Ave verum and ending with the great mass.

The whole occasion has the spark and spontaneity of a live performance, and I'm glad DG captured Bernstein live so many times in his last years--I generally find these recordings more satisfying than many of his early Sony studio NYPO discs. Again, every hair may not be in place, but this disc has a convicting missing from many other recordings.

One utterly trivial but interesting note: this is the only Bernstein CD or LP in my entire collection that does not have a picture of Lenny anywhere. Not on the cover, nor inside, nor on the back. Well, there's a white haired dot on the cover that *might* be him, but it's impossible to tell. At any rate, unusual for a man with such an ego, who always insisted on being featured prominently.


Enjoy and Seed!!