Hello!

These episodes of the HBO Show, Sex and the City, are formatted for your iPod, iPhone, PSP, Zune, etc.  This file contains ALL EPISODES from Seasons 1-6, plus some deleted scenes and alternate endings contained within Season 6.  I've tested these out on my iPod, and they all work just fine - the video and audio work fine (at least for me)! 

There are 110 video files included.  These were all converted by myself using a program called "WinAVI iPOD/PSP/3GP/MP4 Video Converter."  I converted these all myself from the original avi files on the pirate bay (thanks to the original uploader).  

Enjoy!









Sex and the City is an American cable television series. The original run of the show was broadcast on HBO from 1998 until 2004, for a total of six seasons.

Set in New York City, the show focused on four women, three in their mid-thirties and one in her forties. The quirky drama/comedy had multiple continuing story lines and tackled socially relevant issues such as sexually transmitted diseases, safe sex, heartbreaks, multiple partners, and promiscuity. It specifically examined the lives of big-city professional women in the late 1990s and how changing roles and expectations for women affected the characters.

The show was primarily filmed at New York City's Silvercup Studios and on location in and around Manhattan. Since it ended, the show has been aired in syndication on networks such as TBS, WGN, and many other local stations. However, basic cable outlets excise certain explicit show content that was broadcast in the original version.


[edit] Episodes

[edit] Season 1: 1998
Order Title Director Writer Original Airdate Code 
01 "Sex and the City" Susan Seidelman Darren Star June 6, 1998 101 
At a birthday party for thirty-something Miranda, Carrie and her friends vow to stop worrying about finding the perfect male and start having sex like men. Carrie has several encounters with Mr. Big. Miranda starts dating Skipper Johnston. Charlotte goes on a date with Capote Duncan, but when she tells him she won't have sex with him, he goes to a club and winds up going home with Samantha.


Production: All of Season 1 was shot with 16mm film. This was later changed to 35mm for the five following seasons. The songs that played in this episode are "A Martini For Mancini" by Joey Altruda, and "Mucci's Jag Mark II" by Joey Altruda. Aside from the four main characters, Big (played by Chris Noth) is the only character to appear in both the pilot show and the series finale "An American Girl in Paris, Part Deux". Mr. Big's nickname is created by Carrie. His real name is jokingly covered up throughout the series run and remains unknown until the last scene of the final episode.  
02 "Models and Mortals" Alison Maclean Darren Star June 14, 1998 102 
After Miranda and Skipper bump into each other at the convenience store, they sleep together for the first time. Carrie interviews Barkley, a modelizer who videotapes his conquests. Derek, a male model, spends the night with Carrie after a fashion show, although they don't sleep together. Samantha chases Barkley while at a fashion show, in order to be taped.  
03 "Bay of Married Pigs" Nicole Holofcener Darren Star June 21, 1998 103 
Carrie is invited to go up to their Hamptons beach house by Patience and Peter, but in the morning she bumps into Peter in the hall without his underwear on. Some friends introduce her to Sean, 'The Marrying Guy'. Miranda's colleague from work, Jeff, introduces her to a lesbian, Sid, at a baseball game, and they are invited to her senior partner's dinner party.  
04 "Valley of the Twenty Something Guys" Alison Maclean Michael Patrick King June 28, 1998 104 
Mr. Big and Carrie continue to bump into each other during social events, which leads them to try to organize their first "drink thing". Carrie meets twenty-something Sam for a fling, which turns out not to be so glamorous.  
05 "The Power of Female Sex" Susan Seidelman Jenji Kohan July 5, 1998 105 
Carrie bumps into Amalita and Carlo in a shoe store, who in turn introduce her to a French Architect, Gilles. He leaves Carrie $1,000 after a one-night stand. Charlotte meets Neville Morgan, a renowned artist, who paints pictures of her vagina for his latest exhibition.  
06 "Secret Sex" Michael Fields Darren Star July 12, 1998 106 
Carrie and Mr. Big have their first official "date", but Carrie suspects Mr. Big is keeping her secret from his social circle. Miranda dates a man from her gym class, but she discovers a spanking video in Ted's apartment.  
07 "The Monogamists" Darren Star Darren Star July 19, 1998 107 
Carrie and Mr. Big begin dating on a regular basis, but she learns after bumping into him that he is dating other women. Samantha begins to look for an apartment to purchase.  
08 "Three's a Crowd" Nicole Holofcener Jenny Bicks July 26, 1998 108 
Carrie finds out that Big was married once, and that he had a threesome. Charlotte's boyfriend wants to have a threesome. Miranda feels left out because she's never been "threesome material", so she responds to a classified ad to validate her sexual appeal. Samantha becomes involved with a married man, and his wife offers to have a threesome to keep the marriage together, which Samantha declines.  
09 "The Turtle and the Hare" Michael Fields Nicole Avril, Sue Kolinsky August 2, 1998 109 
Carrie is unhappy when Mr. Big tells her that he never wants to get married again. Stanford Blatch proposes to her in order to inherit his part of the family fortune. Charlotte becomes addicted to a rabbit vibrator called "The Rabbit".  
10 "The Baby Shower" Susan Seidelman Terri Minsky August 9, 1998 110 
The four women attend a baby shower, which prompts Carrie to think about motherhood and childrens shoes. Samantha throws a "no-baby shower" in response to the one the four women attended.  
11 "The Drought" Matthew Harrison Michael Green, Michael Patrick King August 16, 1998 111 
Carrie's relationship with Mr. Big has been going on for long enough that it is becoming less physical, so she goes on a shoe buying spree to increase her libido. Charlotte is dating a man who isn't interested in sex anymore. Samantha discovers that not having sex can be erotic. Miranda realizes that she hasn't had sex for months.  
12 "Oh Come All Ye Faithful" Matthew Harrison Michael Patrick King August 23, 1998 112 
Carrie realizes her relationship with Mr. Big is one-sided and breaks up with him, but leaves her shoes at his apartment. Miranda dates a strict catholic. Samantha falls in love with a perfect man, but he doesn't measure up to her requirements. Charlotte gets psychic readings to see if she'll ever marry.  


[edit] Season 2: 1999
Order Title Directed by Written by Original Air Date Code 
13 "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" Allen Coulter Michael Patrick King June 6, 1999 201 
Carrie meets "the new Yankee," Joe, at a baseball game, she thinks it is because she's wearing her new high heels. Miranda gets fed up with the girls always talking about men. Samantha gets frustrated with James, who has a tiny penis. Charlotte dates a guy who has a tendency to scratch his crotch.  
14 "The Awful Truth" Allen Coulter Darren Star June 13, 1999 202 
Carrie accidentally suggests that her friend Susan Sharon leave her husband. Miranda builds up the courage to talk dirty in bed. Charlotte tries to replace the perfect man with the perfect dog. Samantha gets dragged to couples' therapy with James.  
15 "The Freak Show" Allen Coulter Jenny Bicks June 20, 1999 203 
Carrie turns freakish herself after dating a string of freaky guys. Miranda dates "Manhattan Guy," a guy who hasn't left Manhattan in 10 years. Charlotte dates "Mr. Pussy" and tries to make a real relationship out of it. Samantha decides to get plastic surgery.  
16 "They Shoot Single People, Don't They?" Allen Coulter Michael Patrick King June 27, 1999 204 
Carrie gets a horrible photo taken for the cover of New York Magazine. Miranda fakes orgasms with her current boyfriend. Charlotte starts dating her handy-man. Samantha dates a club owner who calls them a "we" right away.  
17 "Four Women and a Funeral" Allen Coulter Jenny Bicks July 4, 1999 205 
Carrie starts seeing Mr. Big again. Miranda buys her own apartment on the Upper West Side. Charlotte meets a recent widower at a cemetery. Samantha's actions gets her into trouble with New York high society.  
18 "The Cheating Curve" John David Coles Darren Star July 11, 1999 206 
Carrie starts to "officially" date Mr. Big again. Miranda dates a guy who insists on watching porn while they have sex. Charlotte spends time with her new friends, the "Power Lesbians." Samantha starts dating her gym instructor who "brands her" with a lightning bolt.


Production: Paintings from the opening art gallery scene are by New York Artist Sally Davies.  
19 "The Chicken Dance" Victoria Hochberg Cindy Chupack July 18, 1999 207 
Carrie gets fed up with Big's inability to pay attention to her. Miranda inadvertently sets her interior designer up with her friend, and they get married. Charlotte has a "warp speed" relationship with a guy she meets at the wedding. Samantha sleeps with a guy, then realizes they had sex 15 years ago.  
20 "The Man, The Myth, The Viagra" Victoria Hochberg Michael Patrick King July 25, 1999 208 
Carrie tries to get Big to meet the girls. Miranda meets Steve Brady, a bartender. Samantha dates an incredibly wealthy man in his 70's.


Reception: The episode earned Victoria Hochberg a nomination from the Directors Guild of America for Best Direction of a Comedy Series.[1] In a fifth-season look back at the best of the first four seasons, the St. Paul Pioneer Press named this episode #5 on its list of 10 essential Sex and the City episodes, observing "If you're puzzled by the pull the often-slimy Mr. Big has over Carrie, this episode reveals his charm."[2]  
21 "Old Dogs, New Dicks" (syndicated "Old Dogs, New Tricks") Alan Taylor Jenny Bicks August 1, 1999 209 
Carrie tries to get Big to stop checking out other women when they're together. Miranda and Steve's opposite schedules become a problem. Charlotte dates an uncircumcised man. Samantha runs into an old boyfriend who is now a drag queen named Samantha.  
22 "The Caste System" Allison Anders Darren Star August 8, 1999 210 
Carrie gets fed up with high society while at an Upper East Side party with Big. Miranda and Steve have an argument over money and social status. Charlotte meets Wyle Ford, the movie star. Samantha dates a man with a Southeast Asian live-in servant.  
23 "Evolution" Pam Thomas Cindy Chupack August 15, 1999 211 
Carrie tries to leave her mark at Big's place by leaving some feminine items behind. Miranda finds out that one of her ovaries has stopped producing eggs. Charlotte dates a pastry chef who she thought was gay. Samantha tries to get revenge on Dominic, her ex.  
24 "La Douleur Exquise!" Allison Anders Ollie Levy, Michael Patrick King August 22, 1999 212 
Carrie is horrified when Big casually tells her he's moving to Paris for six months. Miranda dates a man who only wants to have sex in places where they might get caught. Charlotte meets Buster, a shoe salesman who has a shoe fetish. Samantha introduces the girls to a hot new S&M restaurant.  
25 "Games People Play" Michael Spiller Jenny Bicks August 29, 1999 213 
Carrie starts going to therapy after obsessing about Big for too long. Miranda flashes her across the shaft neighbor. Charlotte joins a bridge club to meet a "nice boy." Samantha dates a sports fanatic whose mood depends on who won the game that night.  
26 "The Fuck Buddy" (syndicated "The Sex Buddy") Alan Taylor Darren Star September 5, 1999 214 
Carrie tries to make a relationship with her "fuck buddy." Miranda dates a mean, condescending lawyer. Charlotte double-books dates with two guys on the same night. Samantha overhears the couple moaning next door, and decides to outdo them.  
27 "Shortcomings" Dan Algrant Terri Minsky September 12, 1999 215 
Carrie dates an author who has a premature ejaculation problem. Miranda dates a divorced father who has a son. Charlotte's brother Wesley stays with her after his wife leaves him. Samantha gives Charlotte's brother what he really needs: sex.  
28 "Was It Good For You?" Dan Algrant Michael Patrick King September 19, 1999 216 
Carrie dates a recovering alcoholic who becomes obsessed with her. Miranda furnishes her new apartment. Charlotte is determined to learn how to have good sex after her partner falls asleep on her. Samantha gets an offer to have a threesome with two gay friends.


Impact: In 2007, the episode was in the news for being part of research conducted by Ellie Parker and Adrian Furnham of the Department of Psychology at University College London. In a study[3] released online in advance of its publication in Applied Cognitive Psychology, Parker and Furnham investigated an audience's ability to recall advertisements under varying circumstances. In comparing advertisements placed in "Was It Good For You?"[4] vs. those placed in an episode of Malcolm in the Middle, the researchers discovered that "programs heavy on sexual content actually lead to less recall of ads that appear in commercial breaks"[5] and that sex was only an effective tool for selling to men.  
29 "Twenty-Something Girls vs. Thirty-Something Women" Darren Star Darren Star September 26, 1999 217 
Carrie runs into Mr. Big and his new girlfriend, Natasha, at a Hamptons party. Miranda tries to have some mature fun in the Hamptons. Charlotte pretends to be in her 20's so she can date a 26-year-old. Samantha's ex-assistant throws a big Hamptons party using her Rolodex as the guest list.  
30 "Ex and the City" Michael Patrick King Michael Patrick King October 3, 1999 218 
Carrie freaks out when Big tells her he's engaged. Miranda sleeps with Steve for the first time after their breakup. Charlotte tries to overcome her fear of horseback riding. Samantha dates a guy who's too well-endowed.  


[edit] Season 3: 2000
Order Title Directed by Written by Original Air Date Code 
31 "Where There's Smoke..." Michael Patrick King Michael Patrick King June 4, 2000 301 
Carrie meets a politician at a FDNY calendar benefit. Miranda gets help from Steve after she undergoes LASIK eye surgery. Charlotte begins searching for a "prince charming" to marry. Samantha dates a fireman she meets in Staten Island.  
32 "Politically Erect" Michael Patrick King Darren Star June 11, 2000 302 
Carrie continues dating her politician beau. Miranda doesn't know how to respond when Steve asks her to "go steady". Charlotte throws a "used date" party to find a new man. Samantha dates a short man who shops at the Boy's Department in Bloomingdales.  
33 "Attack of the Five Foot Ten Woman" Pam Thomas Cindy Chupack June 18, 2000 303 
Carrie must confront her past with Big when she runs into Natasha, Big's wife. Miranda hires Magda, an Eastern European maid with very traditional values. Charlotte deals with some of her body issues at a spa. Samantha gets banned from Helena Rubenstein when she gets physical with a masseur.  
34 "Boy, Girl, Boy, Girl..." Pam Thomas Jenny Bicks June 25, 2000 304 
Carrie dates a man who's an open bisexual. Miranda deals with personal issues when Steve proposes moving in with her. Charlotte poses as a drag king for an artist at her gallery. Samantha butts heads with her new twenty-something male assistant.

Alanis Morissette guest stars.[6]  
35 "No Ifs, Ands or Butts" Nicole Holofcener Michael Patrick King July 9, 2000 305 
Carrie's smoking becomes a problem when she goes on her first date with Aidan Shaw. Miranda makes more time for Steve in her life. Charlotte dates the worst kisser she's ever met. Samantha dates a black man whose sister is racist.  
36 "Are We Sluts?" Nicole Holofcener Cindy Chupack July 16, 2000 306 
Carrie wants to sleep with Aidan, but he's reluctant to rush into a physical relationship. Miranda discovers she has chlamydia and has to inform her past sexual partners. Charlottes's new boyfriend calls her names during sex. Samantha's neighbors disapprove of her sex life after a late night visitor lets in a burglar.  
37 "Drama Queens" Allison Anders Darren Star July 23, 2000 307 
Carrie obsesses about her perfect relationship when Aidan suggests she meet his parents. Miranda enjoys intimacy with Steve. Charlotte gets upset when a married friend won't set her up with his bachelor buddy. Samantha tries Viagra while sleeping with a doctor.  
38 "The Big Time" Allison Anders Jenny Bicks July 30, 2000 308 
Carrie runs into Big who confesses that he misses her and can't stop thinking about her. Miranda gets annoyed with Steve's childish habits when he suggests they have a baby together. Charlotte falls in love with Trey after only a few weeks of dating and is convinced he's The One. Samantha believes she's hit menopause when her period is a week late.  
39 "Easy Come, Easy Go" Charles McDougall Michael Patrick King August 6, 2000 309 
Big tells Carrie that he's leaving his wife. Miranda deals with her break up and Steve moving out of the apartment. After meeting Trey's mother, Charlotte proposes. Samantha dates a man with "funky spunk".  
40 "All or Nothing" Charles McDougall Jenny Bicks August 13, 2000 310 
Carrie feels guilty and wants to quit her affair with Big. Miranda has phone sex with a co-worker from Chicago. Charlotte negotiates the terms of a prenuptial agreement with Trey's mother, Bunny. After celebrating her move to the new apartment in the Meatpacking District, Samantha's flu gives her a pessimistic outlook on life.  
41 "Running with Scissors" Dennis Erdman Michael Patrick King August 20, 2000 311 
Carrie continues her affair with Big, even after Charlotte finds out. Miranda tries to get Carrie to end her affair. Charlotte hires Anthony Marentino to help her find the perfect wedding dress. Samantha meets the "male version of herself", but refuses to sleep with her because she hasn't had an HIV test.  
42 "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" Dan Algrant Cindy Chupack August 27, 2000 312 
Carrie struggles to find the right time to tell Aidan about her affair. Miranda tells a guy she's a stewardess in hopes of getting a date. Charlotte marries Trey MacDougal. Samantha sleeps with Trey's Scottish cousin, despite being unable to understand him.  
43 "Escape from New York" John David Coles Becky Hartman Edwards, Michael Patrick King September 10, 2000 313 
Carrie meets with Matthew McConaughey in LA to talk about optioning her columns to make a movie. Miranda wrestles with the level of open sexuality in Los Angeles. Charlotte deals with Trey's impotence problem. Samantha meets a dildo model.  
44 "Sex and Another City" John David Coles Jenny Bicks September 17, 2000 314 
Carrie meets a publicity agent for celebrities who shows her the perks of LA. Miranda meets an old friend from New York who's lost his edge. Charlotte comes to LA after getting fed up with Trey. Samantha meets her idol, Hugh Hefner, and gets the girls invited to a party at the Playboy Mansion.  
45 "Hot Child in the City" Michael Spiller Allan Heinberg September 24, 2000 315 
Carrie dates a comic book store owner who still lives with his parents. Miranda gets braces. Charlotte is shocked when she catches Trey masturbating. Samantha's latest client is a 13-year-old Jewish-American princess.  
46 "Frenemies" Michael Spiller Jenny Bicks October 1, 2000 316 
Carrie teaches at The Learning Annex. Miranda dates one of Carrie's ex-boyfriends whom she meets at a funeral. Charlotte gets sexually frustrated with her sex-life with Trey. Samantha gets in a fight with Charlotte about her attitude toward sex.  
47 "What Goes Around Comes Around" Allen Coulter Darren Star October 8, 2000 317 
Carrie decides she needs to talk with Natasha about her affair with Big. Miranda dates a gorgeous NYPD detective and becomes self-conscious over her looks. Charlotte and Trey decide to separate. Samantha meets another Sam Jones, who turns out to be an NYU student.  
48 "Cock-a-Doodle-Do" Allen Coulter Michael Patrick King October 15, 2000 318 
Carrie meets Big for the first time since his marriage ended. Miranda gets frustrated when the Chinese take-out girl mocks her. Charlotte moves back into her old apartment and gets a surprise visit from Trey in the middle of the night. Samantha has problems with some transexual prostitutes who are loitering outside her apartment.  


[edit] Season 4: 2001-2002
Order Title Directed by Written by Original Air Date Code 
49 "The Agony and the 'Ex'-tacy" Michael Patrick King Michael Patrick King June 3, 2001 401 
Carrie thinks about men and the future when no one shows up for her birthday party. Miranda confronts her married friends about her single life. Charlotte tries to deal with her separation from Trey. Samantha tries to seduce a celibate monk.  
50 "The Real Me" Michael Patrick King Michael Patrick King June 3, 2001 402 
Carrie gets invited to be a celebrity guest in a fashion show. Miranda gets a lesson in confidence when a guy at the gym asks her out. Charlotte gets the courage to look at her vagina in a hand-mirror. Samantha immortalizes herself by having nude photographs taken.  
51 "Defining Moments" Allen Coulter Jenny Bicks June 10, 2001 403 
Carrie meets a jazzman while on a pseudo-date with Big. Miranda tries to get more comfortable using the bathroom in front of her date. Charlotte finds out that Trey only wants to have sex in places where they can get caught. Samantha meets Maria, a lesbian painter, at Charlotte's gallery, and questions her own sexuality.  
52 "What's Sex Got to Do with It?" Allen Coulter Nicole Avril June 17, 2001 404 
Carrie continues to date Ray King, the jazzman, but finds he has an ADD problem. Miranda substitutes chocolate for sex. Charlotte deals with Trey getting a little too overconfident in bed. Samantha tells the girls she's dating Maria.  
53 "Ghost Town" Michael Spiller Allan Heinberg June 24, 2001 405 
Carrie gets an invitation to the opening of Steve and Aidan's new bar, Scout. Miranda thinks she has a ghost in her apartment building. Charlotte butts heads with Trey's mother, Bunny. Samantha's girlfriend Maria gets fed up with the men from Samantha's past.  
54 "Baby, Talk Is Cheap" Michael Spiller Cindy Chupack July 1, 2001 406 
Carrie realizes she wants to get back together with Aidan. Miranda gets an unexpected surprise when she sleeps with "marathon man". Charlotte and Trey decide to start trying to have a baby. Samantha uses fake nipples to lure in a "baby-talker".  
55 "Time and Punishment" Michael Engler Jessica Bendinger July 8, 2001 407 
Big calls Carrie while she's having sex with Aidan. Miranda throws her neck out after fighting with Charlotte. Charlotte decides to leave the gallery to pursue motherhood full-time. Samantha's latest guy tells her she needs to shave below the belt.  
56 "My Motherboard, My Self" Michael Engler Julie Rottenberg, Elisa Zuritsky July 15, 2001 408 
Carrie's laptop crashes, and when Aidan tries to help, she pushes him away. Charlotte becomes the "Martha Stewart of funerals". Miranda's mother dies. At the funeral, everyone's concerned that she's single. Samantha "loses" her orgasm.  
57 "Sex and the Country" Michael Spiller Allan Heinberg July 22, 2001 409 
Carrie is dragged to Aidan's country home in Suffern, New York. Charlotte visits the MacDougal "compound" in Connecticut. Miranda yells at Steve after he tells her he has testicular cancer. Samantha gets annoyed when her dates keep asking her what she's doing "next weekend".  
58 "Belles of the Balls" Michael Spiller Michael Patrick King July 29, 2001 410 
Carrie invites Big up to Aidan's country home to talk. Charlotte tries to discuss her and Trey's infertility problems. Miranda sleeps with Steve after he has one of his testicles removed. Samantha tries to get the PR position for hotelier Richard Wright.  
59 "Coulda, Woulda, Shoulda" David Frankel Jenny Bicks August 5, 2001 411 
Carrie is reluctant to tell Aidan that she had an abortion when she was 22. Charlotte discovers she only has a 15% chance of getting pregnant naturally. Miranda finds out she's pregnant, and debates whether or not to keep it. Samantha gets Lucy Liu as a client.  
60 "Just Say Yes" David Frankel Cindy Chupack August 12, 2001 412 
Aidan proposes to Carrie. Charlotte discusses adoption with Trey, but hits a wall when Bunny finds out. Miranda tells Steve she's keeping his baby. Samantha starts sleeping with her boss, Richard Wright.  
61 "The Good Fight" Charles McDougall Michael Patrick King January 6, 2002 413 
Carrie and Aidan have a huge fight over the clutter in her apartment after Aidan moves in. Charlotte and Trey have a huge fight when he brings home a cardboard baby as a gag gift. Miranda goes on a date despite her being pregnant. Samantha finally gives in to Richard's romance.  
62 "All That Glitters..." Charles McDougall Cindy Chupack January 13, 2002 414 
Carrie finds time away from Aidan with a gay shoe distributor at the exclusive Bungalow 8. Charlotte and Trey separate permanently after their apartment is photographed in House & Garden. Miranda accidentally outs her co-worker after he accidentally told the office she's pregnant. Samantha tells Richard she loves him while high on ecstasy.  
63 "Change of a Dress" Alan Taylor Julie Rottenberg, Elisa Zuritsky January 20, 2002 415 
Carrie freaks out about getting married to Aidan. Charlotte takes tap classes, and has a meltdown during the "Tea for Two" number when she realizes she isn't ready to be alone after her divorce. Miranda feigns excitement when she learns her baby's gender. Samantha finds out Richard is seeing other women, and pushes him to be monogamous with her.  
64 "Ring A Ding Ding" Alan Taylor Amy B. Harris January 27, 2002 416 
Carrie is forced to buy her apartment back from Aidan. Charlotte doesn't know what to do with her old wedding ring. Miranda has to refurbish her wardrobe due to her gaining baby weight. Samantha tries to trick Richard into saying he loves her.  
65 "A "Vogue" Idea" Martha Coolidge Allan Heinberg February 3, 2002 417 
Carrie starts working at Vogue. Charlotte throws a baby shower for Miranda. Miranda gets fed up with Charlotte after she tries to make her baby shower too cutesy. Richard asks Samantha to have a threesome with a 21-year-old for his birthday.  
66 "I Heart NY" Martha Coolidge Michael Patrick King February 10, 2002 418 
Carrie is shocked to find out that Big is moving to Napa, California. Charlotte begins dating another recent divorcé. Miranda prepares for the new baby as her delivery date gets nearer. Samantha suspects Richard may be cheating on her.  


[edit] Season 5: 2002
This season had a short run due to Sarah Jessica Parker and Cynthia Nixon's pregnancies.

Order Title Directed by Written by Original Air Date Code 
67 "Anchors Away" Charles McDougall Michael Patrick King July 21, 2002 501 
Carrie realizes her relationship with New York City is as dysfunctional as her relationship with men. Charlotte decides she needs to distance herself from her former life as Mrs. Trey MacDougal. Miranda tries to adjust to her new life with her baby, Brady Hobbes. Samantha gets phone calls from Richard begging her to take him back.


Production: This episode is based upon the New York City tradition of Fleet Week, when the US Navy docks in the city in the last week of May. The "big Navy party" that takes place is portrayed as well though sometimes there is more than one; and this is one of the many cultural icons defining New York City that is portrayed on the show. Featured music is the American traditional "Anchors Aweigh", "The Avenue" by Bona Fide, "Shining Star" by Earth Wind, and Fire, "Feelin' Alright" by Joe Cocker, "Can't Get Next To You" by Al Green, and "Try A Little Tenderness" by Otis Redding.  
68 "Unoriginal Sin" Charles McDougall Cindy Chupack July 28, 2002 502 
Carrie gets an offer from publishers who want to make a book out of her column. Charlotte takes affirmations to try and find love again. Miranda agrees to have Brady baptized, and chooses Carrie as the godmother. Samantha takes Richard back, despite the girls advising against it.  
69 "Luck Be an Old Lady" John David Coles Julie Rottenberg, Elisa Zuritsky August 4, 2002 503 
Carrie desperately tries to get everyone together for Charlotte's "Thirty-Faux" birthday. Charlotte doesn't want to turn 36 because she feels she's getting old. Miranda goes to Atlantic City with the girls, feeling self-conscious about her weight. Samantha's paranoid that Richard is cheating with the entire hotel staff.  
70 "Cover Girl" John David Coles Judy Toll, Michael Patrick King August 11, 2002 504 
Carrie works with Samantha to try to get the perfect look for her book cover. Charlotte starts reading self-help books. Miranda goes to Weight Watchers to lose her baby weight. Samantha gets upset when she feels the girls are judging her sex life.  
71 "Plus One is the Loneliest Number" Michael Patrick King Cindy Chupack August 18, 2002 505 
Carrie invites Jack Berger to her book opening party. Charlotte butts heads with Bunny MacDougal. Miranda's single life and her life with Brady conflict. Samantha gets a chemical peel that goes awry.  
72 "Critical Condition" Michael Patrick King Alexa Junge August 25, 2002 506 
Carrie deals with her past with Aidan when she runs into Nina Katz, Aidan's ex. Charlotte gets legal with Bunny in a fight for her apartment. Miranda has no one to turn to when she needs help taking care of Brady. Samantha spends some of her free time on Miranda.  
73 "The Big Journey" Michael Engler Michael Patrick King September 1, 2002 507 
Carrie goes to California to promote her book and visit Big. Charlotte sleeps with her lawyer, Harry Goldenblatt. Samantha accompanies Carrie to California, looking for a good time.  
74 "I Love a Charade" Michael Engler Cindy Chupack, Michael Patrick King September 8, 2002 508 
Carrie meets Jack Berger again in the Hamptons. Charlotte goes public with her relationship with Harry. Miranda gets more comfortable with her role as a mother. Samantha throws a huge party at Richard Wright's Hamptons house.  


[edit] Season 6: 2003-2004
Order Title Directed by Written by Original Air Date Code 
75 "To Market, to Market" Michael Patrick King Michael Patrick King June 22, 2003 601 
Carrie is nervous about her first date with Berger. Carrie runs into Aidan for the first time since their breakup, and is surprised by the changes in his life. Miranda realizes she's in love with Steve. Charlotte struggles with Harry's desire to marry a Jew. Samantha sleeps with a stock broker who gives out tips during sex.  
76 "Great Sexpectations" Michael Patrick King Cindy Chupack June 29, 2003 602 
Carrie and Berger have great dates, but struggle in the bedroom. Miranda becomes addicted to the show 'Jules and Mimi'. Charlotte pursues converting to Judaism for Harry. Samantha meets Jerry Jerrod (Smith).  
77 "The Perfect Present" David Frankel Jenny Bicks July 6, 2003 603 
Carrie tries to not think about Berger's ex-girlfriend and her influence on his life. Miranda finds condoms in Brady's diaper bag and gets upset with Steve. Charlotte mourns the loss of Christmas. Samantha gets Jerry fired from his catering job.  
78 "Pick-A-Little, Talk-A-Little" David Frankel Julie Rottenberg, Elisa Zuritsky July 13, 2003 604 
Carrie feels bad for criticising Berger's book. When Berger tells Miranda that a guy is "not that into her" she feels compelled to spread the knowledge to others. Charlotte cooks her first Shabbat dinner for Harry. Samantha and Jerry act out all their sexual fantasies.

This episode's title is a play on the song from [The Music Man.]  
79 "Lights, Camera, Relationship" Michael Engler Michael Patrick King July 20, 2003 605 
Carrie gets a big check for her book sales, which upsets Berger whose book deal is dropped. Miranda helps Steve bake cupcakes for his new girlfriend. Charlotte is reluctant to date after Harry leaves her. Samantha takes charge of the PR for Jerry's struggling play where he appears fully naked.  
80 "Hop, Skip and a Week" Michael Engler Amy B. Harris July 27, 2003 606 
Berger tells Carrie that he needs a break from their relationship. Miranda has to cut her hours at work in order to spend more time with Brady. Women from the synagogue set Charlotte up with their sons. Samantha changes Jerry's name to Smith and gets him on a billboard in Times Square.  
81 "The Post-It Always Sticks Twice" Alan Taylor Liz Tuccillo August 3, 2003 607 
Berger breaks up with Carrie on a Post-It note. Miranda fits into her "skinny jeans". Charlotte decides she wants a small wedding. Samantha is reluctant to be known as Smith's girlfriend.  
82 "The Catch" Alan Taylor Cindy Chupack August 10, 2003 608 
Carrie's fling with Harry's best man ends in a neck injury. Miranda is scared of meeting Steve's new girlfriend. Everything goes wrong at Charlotte and Harry's wedding. Samantha struggles without a man around.  
83 "A Woman's Right to Shoes" Tim Van Patten Jenny Bicks August 17, 2003 609 
Carrie loses her shoes at a party. Miranda gets the chicken pox. Charlotte and Harry adjust to living together. Samantha is annoyed by children misbehaving in nice restaurants.  
84 "Boy, Interrupted" Tim Van Patten Cindy Chupack August 24, 2003 610 
Carrie's high school sweetheart visits her in New York on his way to a mental asylum in Connecticut. Miranda develops a crush her neighbor who is the doctor for the Knicks. In order to get into an exclusive pool at the SoHo House, Samantha pretends to be a member. Geri Halliwell guest stars.  
85 "The Domino Effect" David Frankel Julie Rottenberg, Elisa Zuritsky September 7, 2003 611 
Carrie is distressed by Big's need for heart surgery. Miranda gets close to her new boyfriend Robert, but is reluctant to introduce him to Steve. Charlotte tries acupuncture in order to get pregnant. Samantha refuses to hold hands with Smith.  
86 "One" David Frankel Michael Patrick King September 14, 2003 612 
Carrie meets the Russian, Aleksandr Petrovsky, at an art gallery. Miranda's boyfriend says "I love you" but she realizes she still loves Steve. Charlotte discovers she's pregnant. Samantha dyes her pubic hair, when she finds one gray hair.  
87 "Let There Be Light" Michael Patrick King Michael Patrick King January 4, 2004 613 
Carrie begins to feel attached to Aleksandr but cannot ignore his womanizing past. As Steve moves into the building, Miranda finds it hard to avoid her angry exboyfriend Robert. Charlotte tries to forget her miscarriage by volunteering. Samantha accompanies Smith to a party hosted by Richard Wright.  
88 "The Ick Factor" Wendey Stanzler Julie Rottenberg, Elisa Zuritsky January 11, 2004 614 
Carrie finds Aleksandr's romantic attention a little overwhelming. Miranda prepares for her wedding to Steve. Charlotte and Harry's romance leads to digestive problems. Samantha considers a breast enlargement.  
89 "Catch-38" Michael Engler Cindy Chupack January 18, 2004 615 
Carrie discovers that Aleksandr has decided to not have any more kids. Miranda and Steve go on their honeymoon to a remote part of upstate New York. Baby Brady sees Charlotte and Harry having sex. Samantha uses Smith's fame to get her an appointment with a well known female oncologist.  
90 "Out of the Frying Pan" Michael Engler Jenny Bicks January 25, 2004 616 
Carrie gets upset at Aleksandr for being inconsiderate of her feelings about Samantha's cancer. Miranda considers buying a house in Brooklyn. Charlotte receives a dog and names her Elizabeth Taylor. Samantha's hair falls out as a result of chemotherapy.  
91 "The Cold War" Julian Farino Aury Wallington February 1, 2004 617 
Aleksandr refuses to talk about his work or introduce Carrie to his friends. Miranda adjusts to life in Brooklyn. Charlotte decides to enter Elizabeth Taylor in a dog show. Samantha makes a sex tape with Smith to prove she's not a "fag hag".  
92 "Splat!" Julian Farino Jenny Bicks, Cindy Chupack February 8, 2004 618 
Petrovsky hosts a dinner party for Carrie's inner circle, and makes a shocking announcement. Later, the death of an old party friend helps Carrie reach a big decision.  
93 "An American Girl in Paris, Part Une" Tim Van Patten Michael Patrick King February 15, 2004 619 
Before going to Paris, Carrie has one last dinner with Samantha, Charlotte and Miranda. Later, the girls agree that Big should go and find Carrie in Paris.  
94 "An American Girl in Paris, Part Deux" Tim Van Patten Michael Patrick King February 22, 2004 620 
Carrie is lonely in Paris because Petrovsky is spending so much time on his new exhibit. The chemo treatments are killing Samantha's sex drive. Miranda must take care of Steve's mother after she has a stroke. Charlotte and Harry try to adopt a baby. Big goes to Paris to look for Carrie.
Production: The title spoofs the 1951 Gene Kelly film An American in Paris. The music in the background when Carrie is eating alone in the restaurant was written by Mikhail Baryshnikov. It's called 'Carrie's Theme' and was the same song that the character Aleksandr Petrovsky wrote for Carrie in the episode "The Ick Factor". Other featured music is "Queremos Paz" by Gotan Project, "Mad Love for Ya" by Deep Area, "Brazil in My Mind" by Buddha Soul Project, "La Belle et le Bad Boy" by MC Solaar, "Luna Moth" and "Cold Out There" by Jon Hopkins, and "You Got the Love (Now Voyager mix) (1996)" by The Source feat. Candi Staton

Reception: The audience figures for "An American Girl in Paris, Part Deux" in the US were 10.6 million viewers, making this the highest rated episode of the series.  
