Battlefield Bad Company 2 Official Prima Essentials Guide


About the Guide
100% developer approved, this official strategy website provides you with professional strategy to help you dominate Bad Company 2. This is a thorough experience aimed at getting you through the game efficiently and completely, detailing all important strategies and tactics to help you succeed. Start with the Basic Training section and then get all the essential details you need on every weapon, vehicle, and campaign in the game. Then check out the multiplayer section so you can dominate your friends.


Strategy Website Highlights

Basic Training: Whether you're a veteran of the series or a new recruit, study the Basic Training section to understand the basics of combat. Also, take time to brush up on the new innovations to the health system and destructible environments. The information in this section can significantly increase your lifespan, so don't pass it by.

Weapons: Succeeding in combat largely depends on picking the right tools for the job. In the Weapons section, we take an in-depth look at every weapon, gadget, and infantry-based specialization. Included are stats and tactics for every weapon as well as multiplayer unlock criteria for every piece of equipment.

Vehicles: In Battlefield, vehicles are more than a means of transportation—they're 
powerful implements of destruction. Reference the Vehicles section for information on all light, heavy, water, and air vehicles, complete with field-tested tactics. All vehicle specializations are covered in this section too, helping you decide which bonuses to apply to your ride during chaotic multiplayer matches.

Campaign: Marlowe and the gang from Bad Company are back in action, this time chasing after a rumored Russian superweapon. Follow the step-by-step walkthrough in the single-player Campaign section to complete every objective and uncover the truth behind this latest threat. Detailed maps accompany every mission, showing you where to go as well as revealing the locations of all weapon collectibles and M-COM stations.

Multiplayer: While the campaign is fun, the real action gets underway during online multiplayer matches. In the Multiplayer section, all aspects of multiplayer play are discussed, including summaries of all four game modes, tactics for each troop kit, and the benefits of squad-based play. There are also maps for each battlefield and game mode, showing the locations of objectives, control points, and vehicle spawns.
