It’s Friday, ya bastids!

Rand Paul continues to provide a glimpse behind the curtain of today’s conservatives – one that rarely sees the light of day given how out of step with the rest of America these people have become. For example, Obama’s criticism of BP is considered “un-American”, and you can add the Fair Housing Act to Rand Paul’s dreams of private property exempt from anti-discrimination laws.

However, finding Rand Paul sympathizers is no more difficult than tuning into Fox News (video) or talking to a Libertarian. There are limits to Paul’s hatred of government, though. Specifically when it comes to Medicare payments to him personally – in his words, “Physicians should be allowed to make a comfortable living.”

Rand Paul’s spokesperson had to resign last year after it was revealed that he left “Happy Ni***r Day” MLK posts up on his MySpace page for an entire year, in addition to some other racist nuggets. See the posts

On the Spill, Baby, Spill front, 20 times more oil could be gushing into the Gulf than previously estimated by BP. Why lowball it? To save money in court, of course.  Meanwhile, Fishermen are getting sick from BP’s chemicals and the EPA has ordered BP to change its dispersant chemicals to something a little less poisonous. And the Texas lab analyzing contamination samples counts BP among their largest clients.

The Senate passes landmark Financial Reform – certainly not a perfect bill, but it's start. Highlights

Also, a 14-year old autistic boy is accused of terrorism and another special needs 14-year old is forcibly tattooed by NH bullies in their late teens. ICE will not go after the mom of the second grader who questioned Michelle Obama, but that little girl was right – the Obama Administration is deporting more immigrants than ever before. And thanks to her chicken barter healthcare plan, it doesn’t look like Sue Lowden will get her chance to take on Harry Reid in November.

These stories, your call, and much more on today’s Randi Rhodes Show.

***** Please remember to seed *****