Cypress Hill - Strictly Hip Hop: The Best Of Cypress Hill (2010) 
Mp3
CBR 320
Front Cover


Biography by Stephen Thomas Erlewine allmusic.com

Cypress Hill were notable for being the first Latino hip-hop superstars, but they became notorious for their endorsement of marijuana, which actually isn't a trivial thing. Not only did the group campaign for its legalization, but their slow, rolling bass-and-drum loops pioneered a new, stoned funk that became extraordinary influential in '90s hip-hop -- it could be heard in everything from Dr. Dre's G-funk to the chilly layers of English trip-hop. DJ Muggs 
crafted the sound, and B Real, with his pinched, nasal voice, was responsible for the rhetoric that made them famous. The pro-pot position became a little ridiculous over time, but there was no denying that the actual music had a strange, eerie power, particularly on the band's first two albums. Although B Real remained an effective lyricist and Muggs' musical skills did not diminish, the group's third album, Temples of Boom, was perceived by many critics as self-parodic, and the group appeared to disintegrate shortly afterward, though Muggs and B Real regrouped toward the end of the 
'90s to issue more material.


Disc 1

1. How I Could Just Kill A Man
2. I Ain't Goin' Out Like That
3. Hand on the Pump
4. Throw Your Set In The Air (Club Remix)
5. Strictly Hip Hop
6. Hand On The Glock
7. Latin Lingo (Prince Paul Remix)
8. Checkmate (Hang Em High Remix)
9. When The Ship Goes Down (Extended)
10.Lowrider
11.What U Want From Me
12.Another Victory
13.Trouble
14.Stoned Is The Way Of The Walk
15.Break 'Em Off Some
16.Prelude To A Come Up (Feat. MC Eiht)

Disc 2

1. Insane In The Brain
2. Boom Biddy Bye Bye
3. Dr. Greenthumb (Fun Lovin' Criminals Remix)
4. Hits From The Bong (T-Rays's Mix)
5. I Wanna Get High
6. Illusions
7. Latin Lingo
8. The Phuncky Feel One
9. Lick A Shot
10.Cock The Hammer
11.(Goin' All Out) Nothin' To Lose
12.Busted In The Hood
13.Stank Ass Hoe
14.Light Another
15.Roll It Up Again
16.Can't Get The Best Of Me 

Enjoy!