Ken DeRouchie Band Discography

3 full length albums and a demo disc

FunkSoulJazzPopLatinRock (1998)
Y2KDB (2000)
Unglued Sessions (Home Demos) (2004)
Live at Jimmy Mak's (2007)

The Ken DeRouchie Band is an 8-piece Soul/R&B/Funk band featuring a phat horn section and a massive rhythm section, performing original music written by Ken DeRouchie as well as a few handpicked classic Soul tunes.

Top players from the Northwest join DeRouchie, including long-time KDB bassist Rob Busey, virtuoso guitarist Jeff Knudson, keyboardist Mark Steele, drummer Doug Knoyle, tenor sax player Clayton Daffron, trumpet player Caleb Denison, and the incredible vocalist LaRhonda Steele.

The band currently has two full length CDs released through Burnside Distribution and a live CD distributed through CDBaby.com. Their forthcoming studio CD, Unglued is currently in production.

KDB's first CD "FunkSoulJazzPopLatinRock" featured their first radio single, "Keep on Walkin'," which stayed on the Gavin Up and Coming Chart for 12 weeks. Later that year they earned the #1 Soul position on MP3.com with the single "Hangin' with My Baby". This was then regionally released as a radio single and was featured on KBBT FM and KINK FM (Portland) as well as G4 TV nationally.

In 2004, "In My Arms," from the band's second release "Y2KDB", was featured on the highly publicized Oregon Bus Project Benefit CD, alongside other Portland music veterans such as Art Alexakis from Everclear and Pink Martini.

In 2005, "In My Arms" stayed on the Top 40 R&B charts on GarageBand.com for over 6 months and garnered DeRouchie the #11 All Time R&B Male Vocal Award. This led to The Ken DeRouchie Band being selected for the Clear Channel NEW! web radio and satellite radio promotion for the first quarter of 2006.

In 2006, The Ken DeRouchie Band was put into rotation on the Portland Jazz/R&B radio station KMHD and contributed tracks to their "KMHD Spring compilation CD". KMHD also did a 30 minute feature on the Ken DeRouchie Band in March of 2006.

In 2007 DeRouchie and crew released their first live recording entitled "Live at Jimmy Mak's". This CD, unlike the previous releases, was released entirely online through companies like CD Baby, iTunes and Rhapsody.

Hailed as "…one of the best live bands in the Northwest" (Andre Hagestadt, The Oregonian and Statesman Journal), The Ken DeRouchie Band has played hundreds of live shows since they started in 1997 -- from small club appearances to festivals and concert halls; live radio to TV appearances -- including shows with Cheap Trick, Blood Sweat and Tears, The Cherry Poppin' Daddies, Mary Wilson and the Supremes, Curtis Salgado and Leftover Salmon.