 http://bayimg.com/naEjLAAcC

Paul Pfeiffer, "Applied Probability"
Paul Pfeiffer | 2009 | ISBN: N/A | 634 pages | PDF

Paul Pfeiffer's Applied Probability is a collection for college students versed in basic calculus and looking to learn about the practical aspects of probability. The course guides readers through important probability concepts such as distributions, random variables and functions, variance, and more, using problem sets and guided MATLAB examples.

Paul E. Pfeiffer Paul Pfeiffer retired from full-time teaching in 1998 after a career that spanned more than 50 years. Pfeiffer has taught in both the Electrical and Computer Engineering and Computational and Applied Mathematics Departments at Rice University. His primary career emphasis has been on teaching and course development. He has written several textbooks based on the courses he taught, which incorporated advanced materials, some of which were previously available only in research publications. Pfeiffer lives in Houston, Texas, with his wife, Ruth.

Connexions is a platform and repository for open education resources, enabling the creation, sharing, modification, and vetting of open educational material accessible to anyone, anywhere, anytime via the World Wide Web. Since 1999, Connexions has pioneered digital education. The Connexions global knowledge ecosystem, where anyone can create materials, is free of charge. Connexions modular interactive information is in use by universities, community colleges, primary and secondary schools, and life long learners worldwide. Connexions materials are available in many languages including English, Chinese, Spanish, Japanese, Vietnamese, Italian, French, Portuguese and Thai. Through its partnership with innovative publisher QOOP, Connexions is part of an exciting new distribution system that allows for print on demand and accelerates the delivery of educational materials into classrooms worldwide. The content in this book can be found in Connexions. 