Part I   (Bdsm)

A rap at the door brings Elise Into The Attic. Immediately she is told to remove her clothing and get on her knees. She doesn't even have time to say hello or finish the beverage she arrived with. She is chained about the waist. Manacles are placed onto her wrists and ankles. Her wrists are secured behind her back to the waist chain. Her ankles are secured to short lengths of chain stemming from her waist. The chain is cold and she grimaces as it goes on. Once she is secured she has her head taped up before being allowed to fill out her paper work. Paper work that all models complete before a shoot. Afterward, she is instructed to make her way into the shoot room and sit at the middle of the floor. There she has a metal collar placed around her neck, drawn forward and then chained to a heavy wooden post. There she waits for some time. The heavy steel links of chain both biting into her flesh and securing her in place. After watching her for some time she has her head cut away from the tape. Now, we can see her face clearly. Immediately she has a calf feeder bottle shoved into her face hole and she is forced to consume a large quantity of water. Forced to drink it for a good long time, while the bottle is also being squeezed from the outside. Nipple clamps are then affixed. After some additional time watching her she is gagged. A black ball gag is tightly buckled in. The panties she wore to the shoot are collected and then stuffed inside a latex breath hood. The breath hood is then pulled down over her head so she can enjoy the restriction of breathing coupled with the smell of her own dirty panties. And there she is left, chained, nipples clamped and drawing in the air filtered thru her soiled skivvies. We watch her awhile. As other activities take place she sits there, rocking back and forth. The toe on one foot moving in some rhythm only she knows about. Her breath hood growing and collapsing. After some time of waiting she then has her clit sucked into a small clear cylinder. We can see it is pulled down far into the glass; misshaping it. She is told to get up now, still chained to the small post. To get up and do a 360 degree turn so we can see her body, her clamped nipples and elongated clit. Her asshole. It takes her some time to get up on her feet, chained and restricted the way she is. She is actually made to move the chains out of the way and show us her asshole, the clear clit cylinder clearly visible, hanging between her legs. We can hear her labored breathing inside the hood. She is told to hold the position she's in, bent heavily at the waist, manacled. An electrical plug is inserted into her asshole. Once inside she is allowed to sit back down again. Her breathing is much more heavy now, drawing and collapsing the latex hood in a far more dramatic fashion. She is concentrating on her breathing. Keeping it in check. When she is asked what hurts the worse she points to her nipples. So I add one pound weights to each. Finally, the breath hood and ball gag are removed. She's told she has to fuck the dildo that is mounted to the wooden post she's been chained too. Because no lube will be used she must use her face hole to moisten the dildo before insertion. She struggles greatly just to get into position to suck it, the weights on her nipples swinging heavily as she adjusts. One clamp and weight falls from her right nipple, making a weighty sound as it hits the floor. She screams out in pain. She mounts the dildo, clit still sucked far into the cylinder. Once the hole is breached she starts to fuck it vigorously. But each stroke requires her to squat. She is forced to keep her legs bent and her body kept low in order to fuck the dildo. Quickly she tires. She can't do more than ten strokes before she is forced to sit on it for relief. To stuff the whole thing inside of her and sit down on the post itself. And when she does so I replace the clamp and weight that fell from her nipple earlier. Clearly she is under duress. One foot is moving in some strange, unknown rhythm while her mouth forms the shape of a scream that never leaves her mouth. As soon as she starts fucking the post again the clamp falls right back off. I think she likes it though. She's fucking that dildo with action and sounds that tell me she's enjoying herself -to a point. Then she has to sit back down again and rest on that post. And when she does the whole of her legs are shaking. Fatigued. That clit still sucked into that cylinder. A new, stronger and sturdier clamp is procured and attached to the free nipple. The weight also added. She's told to resume fucking the dildo, to fuck it to exhaustion. When she is so fatigued she must sit down onto the dildo and rest I take a rubber hose and tie it tightly around her neck. She's like a fish out of water now, trying to breath. I place the Hitachi onto her clear clit cylinder and vib it off. She gasp for breath and screams at the same time. Her legs are shaking violently. That clamp and weight fall off again, momentarily distracting her. But she asks for permission to cum in the moment. Denied. The clamp is replaced. Placed right back to that now disfigured nipple. Again, she is forced to consume a large amount of water thru the calf feeder. Afterward, the Hitachi is placed just above her clit tube and she's vibbed off this way. Within seconds she is crying. Within seconds she is also asking for permission to cum through those tears. She's breaking down now, the sound of her rattling foot incessant. When I ask her if the dildo feels good she tells me..."especially when I sit on it and it goes in real far". That's when I have her get off and attach a new, bigger, longer, girth-er dildo. Again, she is made to lick, suck and spit on the new dildo for insertion into her pussy. This one is much bigger in all dimensions. After she humps it for a bit I tell her sit on it. To rest upon it like a chair. She manages, with her clit tube hanging over the end of the post once she is seated. Her internal organs shoved out of the way to accommodate the dildo. "Full" she tells me. In between her sobs for mercy and permission...that's when the real torture begins....


Inf  http://intotheattic.com/updates1209.html#0123

Cheers  :-)