Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Pole Position 2010 / Kalypso Media

RELEASE DATE : 07-05-2010            PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : Racing/Manager        DISKS      : 1 CD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Pole Position 2010 will test your tactical mind and managerial
skills to the limit as you head up your very own racing team.
Whether you choose to take over an existing crew or establish
a brand new team, you will be tasked with negotiating with
drivers, suppliers and sponsors as well as participating in
research and development of cutting-edge technology. Build
your team from a pool of more than 200 drivers and 1000 crew
members before constructing, testing and fine tuning your
race car and heading to one of the 17 race tracks to put all
your hard work to the test.

As the manager you must decide the teams race strategy and
communicate tactics throughout the race, watching them play
out in real time. Races are won by a matter of seconds so one
wrong decision could cost you a podium place. Once you have
your team established why not challenge a friend via the
multiplayer mode to decide not only who has the best team but
who has the best tactical mind.

Do you have what it takes to take your team to Pole Position?

Extensive management simulation for racing fans

17 race tracks all recreated in stunning detail

Take over an existing crew or establish your very own racing
team from more than 200 drivers and 1000 other team members

Construct, test and race your own team cars using 17 different
components

Powerful race driver and team editing tool

Give instructions to the team during the race and see your
plans unfold in real time

Multiplayer mode for 2 players via LAN or internet


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]