Racism, Slavery and the Bible:

The last upload (Criticism of the Bible – Collection 3) examined the fictitious stories in the Bible that defame and slander God's prophets and messengers. One such story is what is known as "Curse of Ham", or "Curse of Canaan", which refers to the curse that Ham's father Noah placed upon Ham's son Canaan, after Ham "saw his father's nakedness" because of drunkenness in Noah's tent. It is related in the Book of Genesis 9:20-27 as follows:

20 And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard: 
21 And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent. 
22 And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without. 
23 And Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness. 
24 And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done unto him. 
25 And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren. 
26 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
27 God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.

Now, according to Genesis 10, Noah had three sons:
-  Ham: the forefather of the southern peoples (Hamitic Africa)
-  Shem: the forefather of the middle peoples (Semitic)
-  Japheth: the forefather of the northern peoples (Japhetic Eurasia)

The above story was used by some followers of Judeo-Christianity to justify racism and the enslavement of people of Black African ancestry, who were believed to be descendants of Ham. 

It is clear that the above is a fabricated story, and it has  many problems. First, Ham is not directly cursed for his actions; instead the curse falls upon his youngest son Canaan. Second, the curse seems unusually severe for merely observing Noah unclothed. Third, it is historically and scientifically impossible for the black people to be descendents of Canaan.

Regarding the severity of the curse that falls on Canaan because of Ham's mistake, some biblical scholars and commentators suggested that Ham committed a transgression worse than just seeing his father nakedness. They suggested that the phrase "exposing or uncovering nakedness" is a metaphor that Ham sodomized his father Noah.
Another group of biblical scholars went a step further. They suggested that while Noah was drunk and unaware of what is going around him, Ham took the opportunity and raped a woman that was in the tent with Noah. This woman was Noah's wife; i.e. Ham's own mother.

Examining all of the above makes one wonder who is the wickedest of them all?
Is it the authors of the Bible who fabricated all these fictitious stories about God's prophets?
Or, is it the racists who use (misuse) the Bible to justify racism and slavery?
Or, is it the biblical scholars and commentators with their wild erotic imaginations?
Or, is it the people who blindly believe these stories?

This upload contains 32 titles. It includes 14 titles in the main directory:
1- Wikipedia - Curse of Ham.
2- Palmer - Current Critical Questions Concerning the Curse of Ham
3- Evans - Are Black People Cursed-The Curse of Ham
4- Tomes - Black Slavery As the Curse of HAM
5- Why was Canaan Cursed
6- Yuter - Misreading the Torah, The Curse of Ham and Racism
7- Johnson - The Myth of Ham in 19th Century Christianity
8- Edgar - The Curse of Canaan Rightly Interpreted
9- Addison - Roots of Racism and Slavery in America
10- Feagin - Racist America-Roots, Current Realities & Future Reparations
11- Churchman - Caste and Slavery in The American Church
12- Long - Pictures of Slavery in Church and State
13- Lightner - Slavery and the Commerce Power
14- Greenberg - 101 Myths of the Bible

It includes 9 titles in the subdirectory "The Pro-Slavery Arguments":
1- Kerr - Slavery Consistent with Christianity
2- Priest - Bible Defense of Slavery
3- Aryan Nations - The Curse of Ham
4- Carroll - The Negro a Beast or Image of God
5- Cobb - A Scriptural Examination of the Institution of Slavery in the US
6- Raphall - Bible View of Slavery
7- Schaff - Slavery and the Bible
8- Robinson - Slavery as Recognized in the Mosaic Civil Law
9- Elliott - Cotton is King and Pro-slavery Arguments

It also includes 9 titles in the subdirectory "The Anti Slavery View":
1- A Protest Against American Slavery by 173 Unitarian Ministers
2- Elliott - The Bible and Slavery
3- Anti-Slavery Bible Arguments
4- Hosmer - Slavery and the Church
5- Brisbane - Slaveholding Examined in Light of the Bible
6- The Bible Gives No Sanction to Slavery
7- Weld - The Bible Against Slavery
8- Wright - Sin of Slavery
9- Lee - Slavery Examined in the Light of the Bible

