Date:
 07-01-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Jonathan Emord, Joshua P. Warren 
 


Constitutional attorney Jonathan Emord, who has defeated the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) seven times in federal court, discussed how the government is complicit with the drug industry in exploiting the public. America is no longer a constitutional republic but governed by a "bureaucratic oligarchy," he declared. The FDA is inherently biased and in favor of the pharmaceutical industry with a mission to approve as many drugs as it can, regardless of whether they are safe or needed-- this according to the FDA's own drug safety researcher David Graham, Emord noted. 

The most pressing problem about the FDA is that they are "unaccountable to the courts, Congress, and the American people," and operate as a dictatorship, serving the self-interest of the individuals in charge of it, said Emord. The FDA also actively censors health information regarding nutrients, foods, and supplements, such as when cherry tree farmers were told they would be prosecuted if they claimed that cherries had anti-inflammatory properties, even though university studies had found that to be true, he detailed. 

The situation in Europe is a "disaster," with the impending removal of hundreds of supplements, vitamins, and herbs, which are now considered unsafe unless proven otherwise, Emord reported. In America, "I've recommended we pass a bill that I wrote for Congressman Ron Paul that eliminates the FDA's ability to impose prior restraints on health information," but still leaving it possible to prosecute in cases where the government finds fraud, Emord stated. He added that we also need to take away the FDA's drug approval power, and use a blind/unbiased process with university testing, in which the drug company's name is removed from the application. 

Creating a Ghost
Last hour guest, paranormal investigator Joshua P. Warren talked about his attempts to create ghostly phenomena in the laboratory by reproducing the conditions in which people have perceived ghosts (see related image). He's also testing out the creation of a tulpa (thought form) to encourage a manifestation, such as what was done with the Philip Experiment in the 1970s. 


Website(s):
•emord.com
•joshuapwarren.com
Book(s):
•Global Censorship of Health Information
•The Rise of Tyranny