Redbone is a rock band from the 1970s. The band was formed in Los Angeles, California by the brothers Pat and Lolly Vegas, two Native Americans, in 1968. 	  	
Playing rock music with latin, native american, funk and jazz roots, they produced a few hits, among which the single Maggy, The Witchqueen of New Orleans and Come and Get Your Love.


Originally from Fresno, California, brothers Patrick Vasquez (bass and vocals) and Lolly Vasquez (guitar and vocals) moved to Los Angeles in 1969 to form the group Redbone.[2]. "Although they may have been unaware of it, Pat & Lolly Vegas were an inspiration and had a strong influence on East L.A. bands of the 1960s. According to the book “Land of a Thousand Dances” by Tom Waldman and David Reyes, during Pat and Lolly’s time playing on the Sunset Strip, many musicians from East L.A. came to check them out, including members of Thee Midniters, Cannibal & the Headhunters, and The Premiers. Andy Tesso of The Romancers, who happened to be Pat & Lolly’s cousin, has told me he was heavily influenced by Lolly’s guitar style. Andy, in turn, went on to influence many Eastside guitarists. Another East L.A. band, Elijah, who were later influenced by Redbone, recorded one of Pat & Lolly’s songs called “Prehistoric Rhythm” on their 1972 United Artists album entitled," “Elijah.”[3]

The name Redbone itself is a joking reference to a Cajun term for a mixed-race person ("half-breed"), the band's members being of mixed blood ancestry.[1] The band referenced Cajun and New Orleans culture many times in their lyrics and performing style. Pat and Lolly had previously performed and recorded under the stage surname Vegas, in part to downplay the Latin American association of their birth surname, Vasquez. According to Patrick Vasquez, it was Jimi Hendrix - himself part Native American - who talked the musicians into forming an all-Native American rock group and so they signed as the band "Redbone" to Epic Records in 1969.[2] The band then consisted of Patrick Vasquez, Lolly Vasquez, Peter DePoe and Anthony "Tony" Bellamy. Their debut album "Redbone" was released in 1970.[2]

Redbone played primarily rock music with R&B, Cajun, Jazz, tribal, and Latin roots. Their first commercial success came with the single "Maggie" from their second album, Potlatch, in 1970, and two other hit singles followed - "The Witch Queen of New Orleans" (1971, #21 on the Billboard Hot 100) and "Come and Get Your Love" (1974, #5 on the Billboard Hot 100). "Come and Get Your Love", written by Lolly Vasquez stayed in the Billboard chart for 24 weeks, and was awarded a gold disc by the R.I.A.A. on 22 April 1974.[1]

Lolly Vasquez was one of the first guitarists to make extensive use of the distinctive Leslie rotating speaker effect in his electric guitar amplification set-up. Vasquez played improvised, jazz-influenced guitar. Drummer Peter DePoe (born 1943, Neah Bay, Washington) is credited with pioneering the "King Kong" style of drumming, which features sharply accented polyrhythms involving the bass and snare drums and is similar to funk styles of drumming. The band referred to DePoe's "King Kong Beat" in their lyrics to the song "Prehistoric Rhythm" on their debut album.

In 1973 Redbone released the politically oriented "We Were All Wounded at Wounded Knee", recalling the massacre of Lakota Sioux Indians by the Seventh Cavalry in 1890. The song ends with the subtly altered sentence "We were all wounded 'by' Wounded Knee". It charted in several European countries and reached the #1 position in The Netherlands but did not chart in the U.S. where it was initially withheld from release and then banned by several radio stations.[4] Original drummer Peter DePoe left to be replaced by Butch Rillera. Following this the band achieved much of their commercial success. Tony Bellamy (guitar, piano and vocals) left the band in 1977.[4][5] Tony died at age 63[6] in a Las Vegas hospital on Christmas Day, 25 December 2009, as the result of liver failure.