P O S T M O R T E M
2 0 0 9

presents for nothin but our pleasure

Snow Cat Simulator
(c) Actalogic

Release-Date.: 03/10
Protection...: -
Disc.Count...: 1 CD
Game.Type....: Simulator
Language.....: EN/DE/FR/SI

G A M E    N O T E S

The Snowcats simulator is aimed at all players who love
winter sports while having a real soft spot for heavy
machinery. Your task in the game it is in fact, all
prepared in a vast ski slopes so that the tourists on
skis and snowboards on the right can have their fun. In
order to succeed, the player must push the snow off the
slopes and summarize it in one. Where the snow in some
places not to be drawn up even once the snow cannon to
artificially make it to snow.

In the 3D simulation of the player himself takes to the
snow cat, to process an order after another. Lower plate
to compress the snow to make skiers happy. The player
controls the product quite intuitive. By pressing the
plate can be lowered to glattzuziehen in this way the
snow. The simulation shows fits to how long the player
is already dedicated to the tasks at hand and what
percentage of the distance he has already cleared. At
the same time can be the middle of the 3D view of the
steep terrain at any time to view a map of the ski area
- so that the orientation is not lost in a snowstorm.

The individual tasks build on each other, while the
difficulty level is constantly increasing. There is no
rest. Every day, huge crowds flock to the mountains, to
plunge to ski to the valley. They expect first-rate
prepared pistes. Must they wait, they complain and the
ringing in the cash register operator will be quieter.

G R O U P    N O T E S

We have enough money, beer, girls or whatever at the moment

Besides:

POSTMORTEM will not pre any updates
or patches. Don't like that idea?
BUY THE GAME

G R E E T i N G S

Skid Row, Unleashed
Razor 1911, Genesis, iCON

Mummy & Daddy

... It's just a competition ...
Support the Software-Developer,
if you like this game