Source TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Come Back in One Piece" is the third official single from the Romeo Must Die  soundtrack. The song was performed by Aaliyah and features a guest appearance by DMX. The song was not a Top 40 hit single in the U.S., though it was a minor urban contemporary hit. In Europe, "Come Back in One Piece" and "I Don't Wanna" were released double A-side singles.

The video was filmed in Yonkers, New York. The video features Aaliyah and DMX in an urban setting. At the beginning the two pose for pictures against a brick wall, with Aaliyah mouthing DMX's opening intro. DMX appears at a convenience store fighting other men. Aaliyah appears in three scenes singing. In one she is laying on a bed with her dog, another walking down a sidewalk with a pit bull, and the other with her sitting beside DMX. In between cuts, the scene shifts to children sitting beside televisions with scenes from the rest of the music video and Romeo Must Die. At the end children and adults alike, stand in front of murals of Aaliyah and DMX. The Video landed at #10 on BET: Notarized Top 100 Videos of 2000.

The single was not successful on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, but reached the top 40 on U.S. R&B charts. Some people, including Aaliyah herself, felt that the song was overlooked by mainstream pop radio because of the enormous success of Aaliyah's international pop hit, "Try Again", released earlier in 2000.

Aaliyah Dana Haughton (January 16, 1979 – August 25, 2001), who performed under the mononym Aaliyah (pronounced /əˈliːə/), was an American recording artist, actress and model. She was born in Brooklyn, New York, and was raised in Detroit, Michigan. At an early age, she appeared on the television show Star Search and performed in concert alongside Gladys Knight. At age 12, Aaliyah signed with Jive Records and Blackground Records by her uncle, Barry Hankerson. He introduced her to R. Kelly, who became her mentor, as well as lead songwriter and producer of her debut album, Age Ain't Nothing but a Number. The album sold two million copies in the United States and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). After facing allegations of an illegal marriage with Kelly, Aaliyah ended her contract with Jive and signed to Atlantic Records.

Aaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album, One in a Million; it sold two million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide. In 2000, Aaliyah appeared in her first major film, Romeo Must Die. She contributed to the film's soundtrack, which spawned the single "Try Again". The song topped the Billboard Hot 100 solely on airplay, making Aaliyah the first artist in Billboard history to achieve this feat. "Try Again" earned Aaliyah a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female R&B Vocalist.

After completing Romeo Must Die, Aaliyah filmed her part in Queen of the Damned. She released her third and final album, Aaliyah, in 2001. On August 25, 2001, Aaliyah and eight others were killed in an airplane crash in The Bahamas after filming the music video for the single "Rock the Boat". The pilot, Luis Morales III, was unlicensed at the time of the accident and had traces of cocaine and alcohol in his system. Aaliyah's family later filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Blackhawk International Airways, which was settled out of court. Since then, Aaliyah's music has achieved commercial success with several posthumous releases. Selling over 32 million albums worldwide, it has been credited for helping redefine R&B and hip hop, earning her the nickname "Princess of R&B".

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
