DODGEBALL DVDrip PSP


PROFILE PSP ACV VIDEO FORMAT(MP4)
MSNV:MPEG-4(MP4)FOR THE SONY PSP
VIDEO CODEC-avc1/NAME-H.264/MPEG-4 AVC
res/pic-368 x 208(full screen)
len-1:28:47/frms-159,626/kbps-493/Qf-0.215
pics/s-29.971/frames/s-29.971
AUDIO-English AC3 6ch(0x80)
codec-mp4a: MPEG-4 AAC LC
info-48000Hz  , stereo (2/0) 

Peter LaFleur is the laid-back, down-to-earth owner of Average Joe's, a failing, decaying gym with a handful of loyal, but eccentric, members, including Steve the Pirate, Justin, Gordon, and employees Dwight and Owen. His rival, White Goodman, owner of the glamorous Globo-Gym located across the street, has purchased Average Joe's defaulted mortgage. Therefore, Peter must raise $50,000 in 30 days in order to redeem the equity of redemption on the about-to-be-foreclosed mortgage, or else Goodman will successfully foreclose upon Average Joe's Gym and demolish it for a parking garage. Working on this transaction is attorney Kate Veatch, whom White attempts and fails to charm on multiple different occasions. However, Veatch and Peter develop a friendship despite her role in his business troubles. After various half-hearted attempts at money-raising fail, Gordon declares that they can win the money needed to pay the redemption costs by winning a dodgeball competition in Las Vegas, and they begin to train to enter the tournament. The team watches a 1950s-style training film featuring legendary dodgeball star Patches O'Houlihan to learn about dodgeball.

By spying on them, White learns of their plans to enter the contest, and decides to enter it himself to avoid Average Joe's gym raising the money needed to pay off their debts. He forms a super-powerful team, which he names "The Purple Cobras". The Average Joe's team manages to enter the tournament by default after their first opponent, a Girl Scout troop, is disqualified after one of their members fails a drug test. After celebrating this initial win, Peter is approached by Patches O'Houlihan, a legendary but now wheelchair-bound former dodgeball player, who offers to coach the team. Despite possessing questionable and painful training methods (such as dodging cars, and throwing wrenches at them), the team begins to steadily improve. Kate, although reluctantly at first, demonstrates that she has substantial potential as a dodgeball player, and agrees to join their team after finally reaching her limit with White’s inept, arrogant attempts at courting her (including having her fired so he would not be dating an employee).

At the tournament, which is held in Las Vegas and televised by ESPN8, the team proves to be an underdog success, who wins over the audience and sportscasters Cotton McKnight and Pepper Brooks. Despite numerous setbacks, such as being delivered the wrong uniforms, Average Joes successfully make it through to the final, where they will face White’s team, The Purple Cobras. The night beforehand, the team's confidence takes a severe hit when Patches is inadvertently killed by a falling billboard. White meets with Peter and offers him $100,000 cash to hand over the Average Joe's deed and forfeit the upcoming finals match. The team begins to drift apart. Several are distracted away from the final, with Steve (the pirate) being discouraged by Peter and a hate attack, and Justin being asked by his classmate Amber to help them in their cheerleading championship. Justin arrives on time but they do not have enough players turn up to compete. Peter – his confidence shattered – seems to be about to desert his friends when he bumps into Lance Armstrong, who motivates him to return. He arrives just before the Average Joes are to be forfeited from the final, but a tie-breaking vote from judge Chuck Norris allows them to play. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0364725/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS