Sex Pistols - The Filth and the Fury - 320 - Abrasax - Abrasax

CDrip:
Sex Pistols - The Filth and the Fury
RELEASED: 2002
LABEL: 
FORMAT: CD
PRODUCER:
BITRATE: 320

Tracks:
Disc one
01. Sex Pistols  - God Save the Queen
02. Bay City Rollers - Shang-A-Lang
03. The Who - Pictures of Lily
04. Roxy Music - Virginia Plain
05. Alice Cooper - School's Out
06. Symarip - Skinhead Moonstomp
07. Sailor - Glass Of Champagne
08. The Creation - Through My Eyes
09. David Bowie - The Jean Genie
10. Alice Cooper - I'm Eighteen
11. Sex Pistols -Submission
12. Sex Pistols -Don't Gimme No Lip Child
13. Sex Pistols -What'cha Gonna Do About It
14. Sex Pistols -Road Runner
15. Sex Pistols -Substitute
16. Sex Pistols -Seventeen

Disc two:
01. Sex Pistols - Anarchy in the UK
02. Sex Pistols - Pretty Vacant
03. Sex Pistols - Did You No Wrong
04. Sex Pistols - Liar
05. Sex Pistols - EMI
06. Sex Pistols - No Feelings
07. Sex Pistols - I Wanna Be Me
08. Tapper Zukie - Way Over (In Dub)
09. New York Dolls - Looking for a Kiss
10. Sex Pistols - Holidays in the Sun
11. Sex Pistols - No Fun

The Filth and the Fury is the second movie Julien Temple made about The Sex Pistols. His first effort was The Great Rock and Roll Swindle, which was released in British cinemas on 15 May 1980. This earlier effort was heavily criticised for being too skewed towards the Pistols' manager Malcolm McLaren's version of events about the band. [citation needed]The Filth and the Fury tells the story from the viewpoint of the band members themselves (albeit in silhouette during their contemporary interviews).
The title of the film is a reference to a headline that appeared in the British tabloid newspaper The Daily Mirror after an interview on ITV's Today presented by Bill Grundy. (See EMI and the Grundy incident on the Sex Pistols main article.) The title of The Daily Mirror article was itself inspired by William Faulkner's novel The Sound and the Fury Temple's documentary charts the rise, decline and fall of the Sex Pistols from their humble beginnings in London's Shepherd's Bush to their disintegration at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco. Temple puts the band into historical context with Britain's social situation in the 1970s through archival footage from the period. This film was seen in some ways as an opportunity for the Pistols to tell their side of the story, mostly through interviews with the surviving members of the group, footage shot during the era, and outtakes from The Great Rock and Roll Swindle.


The soundtrack to the film was released in 2002. The two-disc set contains songs by the Sex Pistols as well as music from other artists that was used in the film.
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Abrasax/