This is Ether Film Works's amazing documentary The Hour of Our Time - The Legacy of William Cooper (2006) which tells the fascinating life story of Milton William Cooper who was labeled by former US president Bill Clinton as "the most dangerous man in America" and was consequently murdered because of his ongoing expose of US government involvement in the events of 11. September 2001. Cooper was reared in an air force family and spent his childhood and young adult life traveling the world on military assignments. He served honorably in Vietnam, spent time running a small university, opened an art gallery, married, had children, and eventually penned "Behold a Pale Horse" which became an all-time underground bestseller, exposing everything from secret societies to government contacts with aliens. It synthesized the disturbing documents he witnessed while in the military and naval intelligence and expressed his utter shock in seeing these plans carried out years later against an unknowing populace - the sheeple of the world. Bill would spend the remainder of his life broadcasting on shortwave and satellite radio, as well as giving standing room only lectures to inform people of what he knew. Instead of watching football, many listeners all around America and the world would rather sit at nights listening to his radio broadcasts. He was compelled to impress upon them that unless we do something, a very dark future would lie ahead. As he claimed, surrounding us in our day-to-day lives are mysteries, that to spend our days pondering would paralyze us from leading productive lives. So we turn away from these thoughts in order to seek out as trouble free an existence as we can. Then there are those who have made it their business to explore and expose these mysteries; to remind us of what we already know on some deep subconscious level, that things are rarely what they seem on the surface. Bill Cooper was such a man. His commitment to exposing the truth as he saw it, with the information he had at the time, is nothing short of inspiring. Very few of us would go to the length he did in order to inform and educate what he knew would always be only a small portion of our population. The type of material Cooper spent his life exposing is the kind of thing we would prefer to consider exists only in fictional literary works and science fiction movies. For to even ponder that such ideas can exist in "reality" is nothing short of disturbing. Yet Cooper, through meticulous research, fact checking, and of course his own experiences in Naval Intelligence, reminded us these things do indeed have a place in reality. He warned us that the science fiction we so eagerly digest is more truthful than we would ever care to consider. Bill was shot and killed outside his home in Eagar, Arizona at midnight on November 6, 2001. Previous attempts on his life have been made throughout the decades. Bill s story, legacy, information, and warnings are something we need to deeply consider in these troubled times. The Hour of Our Time contains the truth about Bill's life and is certainly the documentary of the decade. Not only highly informative and captivating, it will surely appeal to and peak the interest even of those folks who may have never even heard of him and may wake them to the many truths he worked his entire life to share. 85 min. long A must see for everyone.



General

Complete name : The Hour of Our Time - The Legacy of William Cooper (2006).avi

Format : AVI

Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave

File size : 705 MiB

Duration : 1h 26mn

Overall bit rate : 1 139 Kbps



Video

ID : 1

Format : MPEG-4 Visual

Format profile : Simple@L0

Format settings, BVOP : No

Format settings, QPel : No

Format settings, GMC : No warppoints

Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)

Codec ID : XVID

Codec ID/Hint : XviD

Duration : 1h 26mn

Bit rate : 998 Kbps

Width : 384 pixels

Height : 288 pixels

Display aspect ratio : 4:3

Frame rate : 29.970 fps

Resolution : 24 bits

Colorimetry : 4:2:0

Scan type : Progressive

Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.301

Stream size : 617 MiB (88%)



Audio

ID : 0

Format : MPEG Audio

Format version : Version 1

Format profile : Layer 3

Codec ID : 55

Codec ID/Hint : MP3

Duration : 1h 26mn

Bit rate mode : Constant

Bit rate : 128 Kbps

Channel(s) : 2 channels

Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz

Resolution : 16 bits

Video delay : 26ms

Stream size : 79.2 MiB (11%)

Alignment : Split accross interleaves

Interleave, duration : 33 ms (1.00 video frame)

Writing library : LAME3.93