Downloaded from
                           
http://www.mes-photos-nues.com/torrent/tip.html



My torrents
                          
http://thepiratebay.org/user/liensexe/

Teen Angel In Paradise 
2001 • Elegant Angel Video • 103 minutes 
Starring: Charmane Star, Allysin Chains, Shelbee Myne, Gina Ryder, Heather Lyn, Keri Windsor, Stevie, Mark Davis, Pat Myne, Dillion Day

Cover 
http://images.searchextreme.com/covers/front/1000001192.jpg
Directed by Pat Myne
Starring (as spelt at the end of the DVD, the only time the names are listed) Allysin Chaines, Gina Ryder, Charmaine Star, Kerri Winelsor, Stevie, Hether Lyn, with Pat Myne, Mark Davis, and Dillon Day.

SCENE ONE : Gina Ryder and Pat Myne. Pat is kissing the girl’s stomach and nipples before moving to her pussy. She gives him a bj in return and then gets fucked in her pussy. They move onto anal and she does a little A2M and more ass fucking before he cums on her face.

--Good scene, good action, but no eye contact with the camera, which reduces the intensity of the scene. The girl is hot and performs well. And this is my second time seeing her, though the first time she appeared too much better, she is still a hot #. Both turn in decent performances. But the music, plus the fact that there is no eye contact mar the scene.

SCENE TWO : Allysin Chaynes and Pat Myne. They are on a beach, on a blanket, and you can hear the waves break in the background. She gives him a nice bj and a little P.O.V. camera work, not much though. She gets fucked in her pussy and they go through various positions before he cums on her tits.

--A cute girl, who once again, I have only seen once before. She turns in a good performance, but appears to be “vacant”; there, but not there as you can see her eyes looking somewhere else. So the intensity of this scene suffers due to that fact. And once again the music!

SCENE THREE : Heather Lyn and Pat Myne. She walks in some ankle high water before getting to the guy. She gives him a nice bj, and he cums on her face and tits.

--No penetration, and there is very little or no eye contact, which = plain oral scene. The girl was pretty good looking, though not what I would call hot, though she did seem into it, more so than the previous scene’s girl did.

SCENE FOUR : Charmaine and Keri Windsor with Mark Davis. Charmaine gives a bj along with Keri, and then Mark lifts her up and goes down on her. Both girls give him a bj before he fucks Charmaine as Keri rims her and she does some pussy to mouth. Quite a bit goes on before Keri gets fucked and both give another quick bj and he cums on their faces and tongues.

--Another good scene, not great, but it is action packed. Lots of variety in this scene, meaning that the action was never in one place/position for too long. That makes this a good scene, not great, but you do get two beautiful, though not hot, girls, and Mark, who all turn in good performances.

SCENE FIVE : Stevie with Mark Davis and Dillon Day. She gives both guys bjs, and then Mark fucks her pussy and so does Dillon. After both guys take turn fucking her pussy, back and forth, and she gives oral to whomever isn’t in her, followed by both guys cumming on her face.

--Decent scene, with a good looking girl plus two guys. There isn’t any anal but she does do a lot of P2M, and gets fucked by both guys at varying times throughout. All three turn in good performances but the scene could’ve been better. Se did appear to be into scene, which is the good part about the scene, since she looked into the action.

SCENE SIX : Shelbee Myne and Mark Davis. He begins by kissing her tits and going down on her, she gives bj, and then she gets fucked vaginally. He fingers her ass before he fucks her in it, she gapes a bit, followed by him cumming on her tongue.

--Good scene, I almost went crazy trying to figure out which girl this was from the previous scenes, because she is not listed in the credits! Plus this musta been when she changed her color, but I did recognize her huge tattoo on her back. Well, she looks good, and delivers a good performance and so does Mark. This isn’t a great scene, but it is good.
