 There were a lot of bald heads, bad backs, and big bellies crowded into Pittsburgh's Benedum Center for the Performing Arts, both onstage and off, for this November 2002 concert, and it's apparent that everyone thoroughly enjoyed themselves. And how could it be otherwise, when artists and audience members of a certain (i.e., middle) age get together for a 107-minute soul/R&B revue that encompasses two or three decades of terrific songs and performances? Originally broadcast by PBS, the 18-song show includes everything from soul standards like "Respect" (sung by a rather hefty but still effective Aretha Franklin) to disco hymns like Gloria Gaynor's "I Will Survive" and Thelma Houston's magnificent "Don't Leave Me This Way," with a few ballad chestnuts (Blue Magic's "Side Show," Peaches and Herb's "Reunited") added for good measure. OK, so some of these folks are a bit past their primes. But for the most part, this program (which includes several backstage interviews) is less about nostalgia than simply having a darn good time. --

Product Description

This live DVD serves as the companion to the highly successful PBS concert pledge special and CD box set. This event captures the greatest R&B performers and their music in a truly unforgettable live setting. Rhythm, Love & Soul is another great success from the American Soundtrack series of shows produced by Pittsburgh PBS station WQED, and Shout! Factory’s Richard and Garson Foos. Comes in 5.1 surround sound or pristine PCM stereo. Includes 3 songs from Aretha Franklin in a rare TV appearance, and backstage interviews with a number of performers.

Track List:
1. Respect - Aretha Franklin
2. At Last - Aretha Franklin and Lou Rawls
3. You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine - Lou Rawls
4. Can't Get Next To You/Papa Was A Rolling Stone (medley) - Dennis Edwards & The Temptations Review
5. 25 Miles - Edwin Starr
6. Yes, I'm Ready - Barbara Mason
7. Everlasting Love - Carl Carlton
8. When Will I See You Again - Valerie, Helen & Cynthia, formerly known as "The Three Degrees"
9. Me and Mrs. Jones - Billy Paul
10. Band Of Gold - Freda Payne
11. Side Show - Blue Magic
12. Reunited - Peaches and Herb
13. I Will Survive - Gloria Gaynor
14. I Never Knew - Gloria Gaynor
15. Don't Leave Me This Way - Thelma Houston
16. Kiss and Say Goodbye - The Manhattans
17. Freeway Of Love - Aretha Franklin
18. Someday, We'll Be Together - Mary Wilson, Johnny Bristol and entire cast 