Mehed.unustatud.armeest.2006.DVDrip.iNTERNAL.XviD-BPDcarrier


Video: 800MB, XviD video, semi-widescreen, 720x432, 1845kbps, 25fps

Audio: Estonian audio, stereo, MP3

Subtitles: English, Estonian (forced) and Russian subtitles


Modern Estonia enthusiastically participates in various peacekeeping missions. It is a new international burden for a small country that regained its independence in 1991. But how could its soldiers wear the emblem of the 1946 Estonian Guard Company? One of the responsibilities of Estonian Guard Company No. 4221, which existed from 1946 to1955, was to guard high-ranking criminals at the Nuremberg Trials. The men in the Estonian company were mobilised against their will when the freedom of their homeland was taken away by Nazi Germany, and their own Estonian Army was demolished. For a while, many of them had been kept in the prison camps of the Allied Forces. Then suddenly the prisoners were turned into guards of high-profile Nuremberg prisoners. Why? The men of this company still have not told their story. This is the untold story of the Estonian Civil Guard Company in an era that holds fascination for those who wish to understand the complications of World War II.


Rääkimata lugu Eesti Vahikompaniist 4221, eesti meestest saksa poolel, kes sõja lõppedes sattusid valvama Natsi-Saksamaa liidreid Nürnbergi protsessi ajal, olles USA okupatsioonarmee koosseisus. 
Rahvusvahelisel rahuvalvemissioonil kannavad Eesti sõjaväelased embleemi, mis on vanem, kui paljud oskavad arvata. See on pärit Eesti Vahikompaniilt, mis tegutses Nürnbergis ja loodi 60 aastat tagasi.
Aastatel 1946-1963 tegutses Nürnbergis USA okupatsiooniarmee koosseisus Eesti Vahikompanii 4221 – kohtusaalis vaatas vangide järele USA 793. sõjaväepolitsei pataljon (26th Infantry regiment), kohtusaali lähedal vaatas vangide järele eestlastest koosnev vahikompanii nr. 4221.
Kompaniist pole eriti räägitud. See on üks unustatud lugu. Lugu unustatud armeest.


Visitit my account:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/eestiasi      

Estonian music download:  http://kuldkalake2.co.cc/   

No credit for me...credit to EVERYONE for sharing!