Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Stop to Love" is a 1986 single by Luther Vandross. It was his first number-one single on the R&B chart since "Never Too Much" in 1981. The upbeat single was also a crossover hit, peaking at number fifteen on the Billboard Hot 100. 

The music video for the song features Vandross, along with models lip syncing, "Stop!", while riding around in the streets of Los Angeles.

Give Me the Reason is the fifth studio album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross, released on September 19, 1986. The album earned Vandross an American Music Award for "Favorite Soul/R&B Male Artist" and a nomination for "Favorite Soul/R&B Album" in 1988, while the title track "Give Me the Reason" was nominated for "Best R&B Vocal Performance, Male" and "Best R&B Song" in 1987.

Luther Vandross finally made his long desired career breakthrough as a featured singer with the vaunted pop-dance act Change, a studio concept created by French-Italian businessman Jacques Fred Petrus. Their 1980 hits, "A Lover's Holiday" (by Romani and Willoughby), "The Glow of Love" (by Romani, Malavasi and Garfield) and "Searching" (by Malavasi), of which Vandross sang on all three, opened up the world for Vandross. And there was no doubt about whether Vandross liked the song "The Glow of Love". In an interview that Vibe Magazine did with him in 2001 Vandross said, "This is the most beautiful song I've ever sung in my life." Vandross was also originally intended to perform on the second and highly successful Change  album "Miracles" in 1981, but declined the offer as Petrus didn't pay enough money. Vandross' decision rapidly led to a recording contract with Epic Records  that same year but didn't stop him from doing some background vocals on "Miracles" and on the new Petrus created act, NYC band, The B. B. & Q. band in 1981. During that hectic year Vandross jump-started his second attempt at a solo career with his debut album, Never Too Much. In addition to the hit title track it contained a version of the Burt Bacharach / Hal David song "A House Is Not a Home". The song "Never Too Much", written by himself, reaching number-one on the R&B charts. This period also marked the beginning of frequent songwriting collaboration with bassist Marcus Miller, who played on many of the tracks and would also produce or co-produce a number of tracks for Vandross. The Never Too Much album was arranged by high school classmate Nat Adderley, Jr., a collaboration that would last through Vandross's career.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/