Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Linear PCM, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 1536 kbps


This video has no logo.

"Take a Bow" is a song written by R&B singer-songwriter Ne-Yo and production-team Stargate for the re-release of Rihanna's third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad. It is the fifth single from Good Girl Gone Bad overall, but first single from the re-release edition of the album, Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded.

The "Take a Bow" music video was shot in Venice and was directed by Anthony Mandler who has directed several of her previous videos. It spent 27 days on BET's 106 & Park, eight of the days spent at #1, and is also Rihanna's first #1 video on 106 & Park. The video was nominated for Best Female Videobut lost to Britney Spear's Piece of Me and Best Direction at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards.

The video featured Rihanna who had found out her boyfriend was cheating on her. She basically tells him to get lost, torches his clothes, and leaves him crying for her. This song and music video is believed to have a point: you never know what you have until it's gone.

Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian R&B/pop singer Rihanna, released on June 4, 2007 in most European countries and on June 5, 2007 in the United States. It has peaked within the top ten in 25 countries across the globe. Rihanna worked with producers Evan Rogers, Carl Sturken and Timbaland along with singer-songwriter Ne-Yo who penned some of the lyrics on the album. The album incorporates an up-tempo sound with ballads, which also received mostly positive reviews by critics. The album was nominated for six Grammy Award during the 2008 Grammy Awards and a total of nine Grammy Award nominations. The album was considered to be more critically and commercially successful than her previous efforts—Music of the Sun (2005) and A Girl Like Me (2006).

Good Girl Gone Bad was praised by critics and received mostly positive reviews calling it her best work compared to her last two albums and became her most critically acclaimed album at that time. Although she received criticism because of the sexual image she adopted during the recording. Along with the album's success, the album's singles have gone on to become major hits—these include the US number one hit singles "Umbrella", "Take a Bow" and "Disturbia"; the worldwide number one hit "Don't Stop the Music", and the top ten and twenty hits "Hate That I Love You", "Shut Up and Drive", and "Rehab." The album topped the charts in countries like the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan, Brazil, Russia and Ireland while peaking at number two on the Billboard 200 album chart.

The album was re-released in June 2008, a year after its original release, under the title Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded. The double-disc deluxe edition package includes a DVD counterpart featuring behind the scenes footage and four live performances from her concert tour with three new singles: the US, Canadian and UK number-one "Take a Bow", "If I Never See Your Face Again" with Maroon 5 and "Disturbia", which became the third single from the album to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100. The album has been certified 2x platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting shipments to US retailers of two million, and selling over seven million copies worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

