Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Silent Lucidity" is a single by the American progressive metal band Queensrÿche. It was released as the A-side of the band's fifth single from the 1990 album Empire. The song peaked at #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at #1 on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart. The song was composed by lead guitarist Chris DeGarmo. Queensryche performed the song live at the Grammy Awards of 1992, with a supporting orchestra.

Because of the lyrical content, and the title of the song, it is assumed to be based on the subject of lucid dreaming. During the middle eight, a heavily vocoded voice even explains a method for this: "Visualize your dream. Record it in the present tense. Put it into a permanent form. If you persist in your efforts, you can achieve dream control."

The song was recorded with sweeping orchestrations. Often the orchestra is not relegated to the background but instead is very prominent such as during the second half of the instrumental section (timestamp 3:16 - 3:51).

At the end of the song (5:26), a cello or double bass plays the theme from the traditional Brahms' Lullaby - the typical English translation words being "Lullaby, and good night, go to sleep little baby".

"Silent Lucidity" is ranked #21 on VH1 Greatest Power Ballads. 

Grammy Nominated Empire is the fourth full-length album by Queensrÿche, released on August 21, 1990. The power ballad "Silent Lucidity" was a cross-over hit, reaching #1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and #9 on the Billboard Hot 100, which helped the album reach triple-platinum status. The songs "Jet City Woman", "Della Brown", and "Another Rainy Night (Without You)" create a miniature concept album within the first half of "Empire," as they are linked by audio effects that bring the listener from one audio background to another seamlessly. "Empire" could arguably be included within this series, as the song begins with voices on an answering machine (as are also used in "Another Rainy Night"), though its subject is more of a stretch to relate.

Queensrÿche (pronounced /ˈkwiːnzraɪk/, KWEENZ-raik) is an American heavy metal / progressive metal band formed in 1981 in Bellevue, Washington. The band has released ten studio albums and several EPs and DVDs and continues to tour and record.

Queensrÿche has been relatively successful in the progressive scene, having sold over 20 million albums worldwide including over 6 million albums in the United States.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

