 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/1c/44/db60228348a0185b02210110.L.jpg


Title: Dirty Vegas
Artist: Dirty Vegas
Audio CD (June 4, 2002) 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Capitol 
Genre: House
Format: flac


Track Listing:

01. I Should Know
02. Ghosts
03. Lost Not Found
04. Days Go By
05. Throwing Shapes
06. Candles – 3:12
07. All or Nothing
08. Alive
09. 7am
10. The Brazilian
11. Simple Things, Pt. 2
12. Days Go By (Acoustic)


Allmusic Review:
Capitalizing on the nearly ubiquitous "Days Go By" (courtesy of a "Mitsubishi Eclipse" auto advertisement), the Dirty Vegas trio released their self-titled debut in mid-2002. The album is largely made up of desultory rocktronica, but just consider the band's crossover potential; it's conceivable this album could be accepted by fans of Paul Oakenfold, the Verve, and *NSYNC — all at the same time. The beats are up-tempo, but the atmosphere is nocturnal; singer Steve Smith is detached but slightly confessional, poised midway from Richard Ashcroft to J.C. Timberlake. Unfortunately, he's also the deliverer of some seriously bland lyrics: "ask me tomorrow what I think of yesterday/there's so many things that I cannot explain," or on the hit, "days go by and still I think of you/days when I couldn't live my life without you, without you." As much as the vocals, however, the fault for Dirty Vegas lies with the unambitious production; Dirty Vegas make a crossover group like Underworld sound positively edgy in comparison. Guitars, when they appear, are synthetic or blandly textured; slotted trance effects bounce through the mix, and the songs move predictably from beats to breakdown to beatless vocal and back to beats with little attempt to try something new. The band finally opens up later on the album, with a few imaginative productions slanted either toward a very smooth version of classic acid house ("Throwing Shapes") or Urban Hymns-type ballads ("Candles"). Yes, they may be good at selling the mystique of youth to middle-aged car buyers, but there's little else of promise here. 
 
Amazon Review:
Not exactly dance-pop as commonly defined by Erasure or the Pet Shop Boys, Dirty Vegas's self-titled album nonetheless fits into the genre. In fact, "trace-pop" is arguably the best definition, as it is the likely offspring of Madonna's Ray of Light and Electronic's seminal debut CD. Promising, yes, but the songs become rather indistinguishable from one another, mainly because the vocals -- compressed and folky -- lend a sameness to tracks that are otherwise diverse in tone and pace. About half the album really shines. "I Should Know" marries a thumping techno beat with a euphoric Disney-like wonderment. "7AM" boasts the best melody on the album. The instrumental "The Brazilian" showcases the song's strength underneath the homogenizing vocals. And finally, "Days Go By," featured in a popular car commercial, mesmerizes with synthesized bongos and cosmic rhythmic brush strokes.

From URB Magazine:
Realize it or not, but you and most of mainstream American society are already intimately aware of UK trio Dirty Vegas. Thanks to the increasingly interesting world of car commercials mining the best of left-field electronic music for their soundtracks, we now have the world's first band to debut as part of a Mitsubishi campaign. Their electro-heavy "Days Gone By" will instantly invoke images of that hot brunette in the sexy cap dancing her cute little butt off, pop-lock style, from the heavily rotated advert (apologies to those with better things to do than watch TV). So when track 4 rolls around, prepare for anyone within earshot to ask, "What is this song?" Marketers around the world simultaneously weep with joy.

For the most part, Dirty Vegas play up the notoriety by not straying too far from the template set by "Days Gone By," with dance-intensive tracks like "Throwing Shapes," sharing the Mitsubishi song's thick psychedelic undertones, gurgling electro bass tones and slightly treated vocals of Steve Smith. Still, these fellows have their eyes set on more than just the dance floor, as they delve into straight pop-rock songwriting on numbers like "All or Nothing" (think an album track from mid-period Genesis. If you can't, your dad might have some in the den) and an acoustic version of "Days Gone By." From there the album kicks into cruise control, riding the easy-listening thump of "Alive" and the higher BPMs of "7am." So you want to go for a ride? 
