 http://i212.photobucket.com/albums/cc94/Dl4All/Vocabulary-4000.jpg




Publisher: Nova Press 
Number Of Pages: 159 
ISBN / ASIN: 1889057150

English offers perhaps the richest vocabulary of all languages, in part because its
words are culled from so many languages. It is a shame that we do not tap this rich
source more often in our daily conversation to express ourselves more clearly and precisely
. Many a vocabulary book lists esoteric words we quickly forget or feel self-conscious using.
However, there is a bounty of choice words between the common and the esoteric that often seem be
just on the tip of our tongue. Vocabulary 4000 brings these words to the fore. 

All the words you need for success in business, school and life! 

Features:
* Word Analysis section 
* Idiom and Usage section 
* 200 Prefixes, Roots, and Suffixes 
* Concise, practical definitions 
* Great for the SAT, GRE and other entrance exams 

The 4000 Words Essential for an Educated Vocabulary. There is a
bounty of choice words between the common and the esoteric that 
often seem be just on the tip of our tongue. Vocabulary 4000 brings
these words to the fore. (The 4000 Words Essential for an Educated 
Vocabulary) English offers perhaps the richest vocabulary of all languages
, in part because its words are culled from so many languages. It is a shame 
that we do not tap this rich source more often in our daily conversation to express
ourselves more clearly and precisely. Many a vocabulary book lists esoteric words 
we quickly forget or feel self-conscious using. However, there is a bounty of 
choice words between the common and the esoteric that often seem be just on 
the tip of our tongue. Vocabulary 4000 brings these words to the fore.
All the words you need for success in business, school, and life! 
Features: * Word Analysis section * Idiom and Usage section * 200
Prefixes, Roots, and Suffixes * Concise, practical definitions 
* Great for the SAT, GRE and other entrance exams...............









ENJOY.................