Alanis Morissette - MTV Unplugged (1999)EAC.FLAC

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 / 15 files 



Category  Rock Albums, Pop CDs, Rock/Pop, Alternative, Live Performances 
Label  Maverick 
Orig Year  1999 
All Time Sales Rank    1923   
CD Universe Part number  1102355 
Catalog number  47589 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Nov 23, 1999 
Studio/Live  Live 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Alanis Morissette 
Recording Time  53 minutes 
Personnel  Suzie Katayama - cello
Joel Derouin
Joel Shearer - guitar
Gary Novak - drums, percussion
Chris Chaney - bass
Brad Dutz - percussion
Alanis Morissette - vocals, guitar, flute, harmonica
Laura Seaton - violin
Deron Johnson - keyboards, background vocals
Nick Lashley - guitar


 1. You Learn   
 2. Joining You   
 3. No Pressure over Cappuccino  
 4. That I Would Be Good  
 5. Head over Feet   
 6. Princes Familiar   
 7. I Was Hoping  
 8. Ironic  
 9. These R the Thoughts  
 10. King of Pain 
 11. You Oughta Know   
 12. Uninvited   

Though Morissette is known for songs driven by big, hard-hitting production, her larger-than-life sound translates surprisingly well to a stripped-down, acoustic-based approach. Backed by acoustic guitar, piano, and strings (and a tasteful rhythm section), Alanis scales down the grand scale of her arrangements for a more intimate, directly communicative effect. Listening to the almost gentle version of the formerly piledriving "You Oughta Know" will provide something of a revelation for Morissette's fans. The scathing lyrics achieve an even more cathartic effect with the contrasting feel of the music, and the singer/songwriter is revealed as a folk-rocker at heart.

Her previously noted preference for the confessional mode is further underlined here by an earnest version of the Police's soul-searching plaint "King of Pain." Thankfully, Morissette has enough common sense to avoid changing it to "Queen of Pain." The unfettered swoops and glides of her vocal style have more room to flow here as well, and Morissette sounds a bird in full flight throughout.

Personnel: Alanis Morissette (vocals, guitar, flute, harmonica); Joel Shearer, Nick Lashley (guitar); Joel Derouin, Laura Seaton (violin); David Campbell (viola); Erik Friedlander, Suzie Katayama (cello); Deron Johnson (keyboards, background vocals); Gary Novak (drums, percussion); 
 
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce
