These are Trends Journals right from beginning of 2009 to Spring issue of 2010.I am uploading this to educate the masses about our current situation as a planet and the REAL culprits behind them.Plz subscribe for G.C.'s Trends Journal as it is the only source of his income.
Gerald Celente
His Motto:Think for yourself!
His Creed:Current Events form Future Trends
Honest research by an Honest man!
His Website:trendsresearch.com
His Reputation:
                    If Nostradamus were alive today, he'd have a hard time keeping up with Gerald Celente. — New York Post


When CNN wants to know about the Top Trends, we ask Gerald Celente. — CNN Headline News


A network of 25 experts whose range of specialties would rival many university faculties. —The Economist


Gerald Celente has a knack for getting the zeitgeist right.— USA Today


There’s not a better trend forecaster than Gerald Celente. The man knows what he’s talking about. — CNBC


Those who take their predictions seriously ... consider the Trends Research Institute. — The Wall Street Journal


"You’re always terrific." — Oprah Winfrey


"A guy that obviously knows his trends." — Bill O’Reilly


"Our favorite Trend Forecaster, Gerald Celente."—  Miles O’Brien


Gerald Celente is always ahead of the curve on trends and uncannily on the mark ... he's one of the most accurate forecasters around. — The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


Mr. Celente tracks the world’s social, economic and business trends for corporate clients. — The New York Times


Mr. Celente is a very intelligent guy. We are able to learn about trends from an authority. — 48 Hours, CBS News


Gerald Celente has a solid track record. He has predicted everything from the 1987 stock market crash and the demise of the Soviet Union to green marketing and corporate downsizing. — The Detroit News


Gerald Celente forecast the 1987 stock market crash, ‘green marketing,’ and the boom in gourmet coffees. — Chicago Tribune


The Trends Research Institute is the Standard and Poors of Popular Culture. — The Los Angeles Times
