LORD OF THE RINGS THE TWO TOWERS DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 02:52:04
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Elijah Wood
Ian McKellen
Liv Tyler
Viggo Mortensen
Sean Astin
Cate Blanchett
John Rhys-Davies
Bernard Hill
Christopher Lee
Billy Boyd
Dominic Monaghan
Orlando Bloom
Hugo Weaving
Miranda Otto
David Wenham
Sean Bean
Brad Dourif
Andy Serkis

Plot

The film begins with a flashback to the first film, with Gandalf battling the Balrog on the Bridge of Khazad-dûm. Gandalf and the Balrog fall down into the immense chasm spanned by the bridge, fighting while in free-fall. Still wrestling, the duo reach some forgotten lake down in the depths of the Earth and there the flashback ends. Frodo awakens from this dream and continues his journey with his loyal friend, Sam. They are then attacked by the Ring-obsessed Gollum wishing to retrieve "his precious" from the ones who he thinks stole it from him. The Hobbits overcome him, binding him with Sam's Elven rope. Sam distrusts Gollum and wishes to abandon him, but Frodo understands the burden of the creature and takes pity on him. Realizing they are lost in the Emyn Muil and in need of a guide, Frodo persuades Gollum to lead them to the Black Gate of Mordor.

In Rohan, the pack of Uruk-hai from the end of the first film are running across the grass plains with their captives Merry and Pippin. Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli are in pursuit. After three days of running, the trio narrow the gap to the Uruks and Legolas sees that the Hobbits are being taken in the direction of Isengard, where Saruman is marshalling his Uruk-hai forces to do the bidding of Sauron. In the kingdom of Rohan, King Théoden is being mentally and physically subdued by the poisonous whisperings of his steward, Gríma Wormtongue, who is secretly in the service of Saruman. Orcs and Wild Men of Dunland, incited by Saruman, are freely roaming the land, burning villages, massacring the people and destroying crops. Recently, the King's only son Théodred fell victim to them, left mortally wounded in an ambush. Théoden's nephew Éomer interrogates Gríma, labelling him a spy: however, Gríma banishes Éomer for undermining his authority on pain of death, and Éomer sets forth to gather the remaining loyal men of the Rohirrim and leave Rohan.

Frodo, Sam and Gollum traverse the Dead Marshes, passing the undead fallen warriors of the Battle of Dagorlad and evading an airborne Ringwraith, riding a fell beast. When they finally reach the Black Gate, they find the gate shut and heavily guarded by Orcs. However as they watch, an Easterling contingent arrives and the gate opens for them to enter. Sensing a chance, despite the high probability of capture, Frodo and Sam make ready to move. However, they are held back by a clearly distressed and worried Gollum, who confirms their fears of capture and insists that any attempt to get in via the Black Gate will only end with the One Ring returning to Sauron. He then reveals that there is another way into Mordor, hidden and unguarded. Sam is immediately suspicious, but Frodo gives him the benefit of the doubt, pointing out that he has remained loyal thus far. Meanwhile, Éomer and his men ambush and kill all of the Orcs and Uruk-hai holding the two Hobbits captive at nightfall. During the battle, which takes place near the eaves of Fangorn forest, Merry and Pippin narrowly escape their captors by fleeing into the trees where they are aided by Treebeard, the oldest of the Ents of Middle-Earth.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167261/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS