PDF to Word Conversion. Convert your PDF files to Word documents for easy editing.
	PDF to Word...
	  	  	
	
	PDF to Excel Conversion. Convert tables from your PDF files to Microsoft® Excel spreadsheets. Select pages or entire document.
	PDF to Excel...
	  	  	
	
	Scanned PDF Recovery. Convert legacy scanned PDF files into well formatted, editable Word documents.
(Requires Office 2003 or Office 2007)
	  	  	
	
	Scan to Word. Scan directly from paper to well formatted, editable Word documents.
(Requires Microsoft® Office 2003 or Office 2007)
	Scan to Word...
	  	  	
	
	Selective Extraction. Select the content you wish to convert to Word directly from the PDF page. Formatting, styles, layout preserved.
	Selective Extraction...
	  	  	
	
	WYSIWYG Content Extraction. Convert selected text, tables or images from a PDF file. Creates formatted content in Word, tables in Excel or image files.
	WYSIWYG...
	  	  	
	
	Convert PDF to HTML. Use advanced document reconstruction to convert PDF to formatted W3C compliant XHTML. Figures out columns. Removes headers, footers and images.
	PDF to HTML...
	  	  	
	
	Convert PDF to Text. Use advanced document reconstruction to extract flowing text content from PDF. Figures out columns. Removes headers and footers.
	PDF to Text...
	  	  	
	
	Quality Conversions. No need to waste hours reformatting and reworking your converted Word files.
	Quality PDF to Word Conversions...
	  	  	
	
	Headers and Footers. Advanced options for converting or removing headers and footers.
	  	  	
	
	Table Recovery. Superior reconstruction of bordered and borderless tables as table objects, with formatting, in Word.
	  	  	
	
	Form Recognition. PDF form fields are recognized and converted into text boxes for easy editing.
	  	  	
	
	Rotated Text Recovery. Convert text from your PDF no matter which way it’s oriented.
	  	  	
	
	Hyperlink Detection. URL hyperlinks in the original PDF are automatically transferred into the new Word document.
	  	  	
	
	Convert From Explorer. One click to open PDF document into Word from Windows Explorer.
	  	  	
	
Scanning and Archiving: 				
	TIFF to PDF. Convert legacy scanned TIFF documents into fully searchable and archivable PDF/A-1b documents.
	TIFF to PDF...
	  	  	  	
	Scan to PDF. Scan paper documents into archivable PDF/A-1b documents. Searchable thanks to OCR text layer.
	Scan to PDF...
	  	  	  	
	OCR for Search. Add searchable text layer. Easy for indexing and archiving legacy and paper documents.
(Requires Office 2003 or Office 2007)
	OCR Layer...
	  	  	  	
	PDF to PDF/A. Convert existing normal or image PDF files into fully searchable ISO 19005-1 compliant archivable documents.
	PDF to PDF/A...
	  	  	  	
	Validate PDF/A. Verify ISO 19005-1 compliance for existing PDF documents and repair common issues.
	Repair PDF/A...
	  	  	  	
	Standard PDF/A Compliance Reports. Solid PDF Tools v6 creates standard PDF/A validation reports as per the specifications from the PDF/D Consortium.
	  	  	  	
PDF Editing: 				
	Text Correction. Simply click on existing text in your PDF and edit it directly.
	  	  	
	
	Edit Objects. Select one or more objects in your PDF page. Move, rotate, resize or delete. Handle-based editing.
	  	  	
	
	PDF Creation. Simply drag and drop. Easily create PDFs from your documents. WYSIWYG user interface.
	Drag & Drop to Create PDF...
	  	
	
	
	WYSIWYG User Interface. Multiple document PDF UI for page-level manipulation operations.
	  	
	
	
	Watermarks. Pre-defined and custom watermarks. Text stamps, images or PDF overlays. Electronic letterheads.
	Watermarks...
	  	
	
	
	Combine. Combine multiple documents into a single PDF file. Combine PDF files.
	  	
	
	
	Rearrange Pages. Use drag and drop to rearrange page order in a PDF file or between multiple files.
	Rearrange PDF Pages...
	  	
	
	
	Extract Pages. Extract pages from a PDF file as a single new PDF or as multiple new PDFs for each page.
	  	
	
	
	Full Search. Fast text search of multiple PDF files. Navigable list of results.
	  	
	
	
	Batch-Process Conversions. Save time by using batch conversion palettes in the UI or using scripts from the command line.
	Batch Conversion...
	  	
	
	
PDF Creation: 				
	Print to PDF. Create PDF files easily from any Windows-based program.
	Create PDF...
	
	
	
	
	Password-Protect your PDFs. You can restrict who can view, edit, copy, print or add comments to your document.
	Passwords for PDFs...
	
	
	
	
	Encrypt your PDFs. Secure your PDF files using 128-bit RC4 or AES encryption algorithms.
	
	
	
	
	Set PDF Permissions. Control which users can read, print, edit, copy or comment your PDF files.
	PDF Permissions...
	
	
	
	
	PDF Bookmarks from Office. Automatically create PDF bookmark outlines from Word, PowerPoint, Excel or Publisher documents.
	
	
	
	
	64 bit Platform Support. Solid Documents products now run seamlessly on Windows XP 64 and Windows Vista 64.
	
	
	
	
	Set Document Properties. Define Title, Author, Subject and Keywords to help organize your documents.
	
	
	
	
	Custom Page Settings. Create PDF files with custom pages sizes, margins and orientation.
	
	
	
	
	Reduce File Size. Keep your PDFs small with our compression options. Optimize file size for Web or print while preserving an appropriate level of quality.
	Optimize PDFs...
	
	
	
	
	Acrobat Reader Settings. Set default view including page layout, initial zoom and page thumbnail view.
	
	
	
	
	Archive Using PDF/A. Create PDF/A-1b documents which are fully compliant with ISO 19005-1 archiving standards.
	PDF/A-1b...