torrent with
Decca 2007 DVDrip Mariinsky Ballet designed by Chemiakin
mp3 Philips Gergiev 
1973 soviet animation film


The Nutcracker (Russian: Щелкунчик, Shchelkunchik), Op. 71, is a fairy tale-ballet in two acts, three scenes, by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, composed in 1891–92. Alexandre Dumas père's adaptation of the story "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King" by E. T. A. Hoffmann was set to music by Tchaikovsky (staged by Marius Petipa and commissioned by the director of the Imperial Theatres Ivan Vsevolozhsky in 1891). The plot of Hoffmann's story is much more elaborate than that of the ballet; in the tale, the heroine Marie's adventures with the toys and with the Nutcracker are not a dream, and at the end she marries the Nutcracker/Prince.
In Western countries, The Nutcracker has become perhaps the most popular of all ballets, performed primarily around Christmas time.
 
http://www.deccaclassics.com/music/dvd/0743217.html#about

ABOUT THIS DVD
A magical new version of a much loved classic.

Filmed in The Mariinsky Theatre St.Petersburg where it was first performed in 1892.

Following Decca's beautiful Swan Lake comes another outstanding production on DVD from the Mariinsky, Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker, yet a Nutcracker with a twist.

The 'adult' Nutcracker. Worlds away from the traditional and warm versions popular at Christmas, this unconventional production, reinterpreted by Russian emigre and world-renowned avant-garde artist Mikhail Shemiakin, is surreal and at times disturbing, making this DVD an unusual but essential part of any ballet lover's collection.

Chemiakin also designs the eye-catching costumes and startling staging.

Two of the Mariinsky's young stars, Leonid Sarafanov and Irina Golub, dance the main roles. Despite the startling aspects of this production, none of the spectacle and awe-inspiring quality of their dancing is lost.

Valery Gergiev conducts a complete and un-cut version of Tchaikovsky's popular and much-loved score.

Filmed in High Definition Widescreen.

Released in time for Christmas 2007, a great partner to Decca's Swan Lake Mariinsky DVD released in October.

Artists
Artists of the Mariinsky Ballet
Students of the Academy of Russian Ballet
Orchestra of the Mariinsky Theatre

Valery Gergiev conductor
 
http://www.amazon.com/Pytor-Illych-Tchaikovsky-Nutcracker-Complete/dp/B00000A1GL

51 of 51 people found the following review helpful:
5.0 out of 5 stars Superb!, December 10, 2001
By 	Peter Prainito (Lombard, IL USA) - 
There are many fine complete Nutcracker recordings available, and I own a few of them. This recording by The Kirov Orchestra conducted by Valery Gergiev is simply the best, no contest. Why? For starters, the orchestral playing is outstanding. Every detail is heard, you hear nuances never revealed before. The woodwinds bubble,... the brass are assertive yet smooth,... the strings are lovely and lush;... in all, first-rate playing from a superb Russian orchestra that has this music in their blood and plays it with spirit and total enjoyment. Tempi are brisk, but never feel rushed. The sound is in the demonstration class. The whole ballet is contained on one CD which is quite remarkable. I judge an outstanding performance and recording by several factors, which include tears of joy welling up in my eyes along with goosebumps. This Nutcracker provided me an ample supply of both. If you must only own one Nutcracker, this is it. Superlative recommendation. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nutcracker_(1973_film)

The Nutcracker (Russian: Щелкунчик, transcribed as Schelkunchik) is a 1973 Soviet animated film from the Soyuzmultfilm studio directed by Boris Stepantsev and based partly on Pyotr Tchaikovsky's ballet The Nutcracker, but more closely on E.T.A. Hoffmann's novelette The Nutcracker and the Mouse King, the story which inspired the ballet.

Ballet dancer Mikhail Baryshnikov, who himself starred in his own classic TV edition of The Nutcracker in 1977, included the 1973 animated film as part of his cable television series Stories from my Childhood, of which he was the executive producer. For the U.S. telecast, narration spoken by Shirley MacLaine was added.
