OK guys and gals, listen up:

This is, like my Dragon Age which I uploaded, uncracked and/or unpatched.
That means: By downloading this, you won't be able to play it YET.
Its the untouched digital download version, it has no DVD check,
just an online activation. I activated mine with a legit key and it works.
The game is protected by Aspyrs own registration system called "Software Passport",
but this is way easier to [k] than secuROM - it already happened before with CoD4
and other games from Aspyr. So please, don't ask for serials or cracks right now,
because there are NONE. But feel free to download this huge game of 12GB so you
have it ready to play once medicine comes out by a release group (it will happen)

The day a working patch is released, this post will be edited so you won't miss it.

*** Crack is OUT : http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5404355

Also, feel free to buy the game if you can't wait (thats the spirit anyway :D)

Also, please be aware of this games pretty steep (for a Mac at least) hardware requirements:

Minimum System Requirements:

Operating System: 10.5.8 (Leopard), 10.6.2 (Snow Leopard)
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo (Dual-Core)
CPU Speed: 2.4 GHz
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 25 GB + 1 GB Swap File
Video Card (ATI): Radeon HD2600, (NVidia): Geforce 8600
Video Memory (VRam): 256 MB
Peripherals: Macintosh mouse and keyboard or Microsoft Xbox 360 Wired Controller 

Recommended System Requirements
CPU Speed: 2.6 GHz Intel Quad-Core
Video Card: Geforce 8800
Video RAM: 512 MB

LucasArts and the LucasArts logo are registered trademarks of Lucasfilm Ltd. © 2008-2009 Lucasfilm Entertainment Company Ltd. or Lucasfilm Ltd. & ® or TM as indicated. All rights reserved. Published and distributed by Aspyr Media, Inc. “Aspyr” and the Aspyr “star” logo are federally registered trademarks of Aspyr Media, Inc. All rights reserved. The ratings icon is a registered trademark of the Entertainment Software Association. All other trademarks and trade names are properties of their respective owners.