On what would have been his 78th birthday, Johnny Cash is seeing yet another resurgence in popularity. 
Since his death in 2003 and the biopic that was released two years later, Walk The Line, the man's 
shadow has grown to heights that no one ever would have imagined. In death Cash is growing ever 
stronger by the day, and rightfully so.

Rocks Off got word today that the ten billionth song to be purchased on iTunes was one of Cash's 
compositions. The buyer, Georgia grandfather Louie Sulcer, received a phone call from Apple honcho 
Steve Jobs, another from Cash's daughter Roseanne, and a $10,000 gift card for the online music store. 
No word on what the exact song was, but we hope it was our favorite Cash track, "Man In Black," 
the lyrics of which are emblazoned in tattoo ink across our chest.

This week producer Rick Rubin's influential American label released what he has said is the last 
of the sessions he recorded with Cash close to his death. The new American VI: Ain't No Grave is 
a stirring and fitting coda to the work that Rubin and Cash were doing at the time of the singer's 
death. Starting with 1994's inaugural American Recordings album, the pair ran through five albums of 
Cash doing both traditional songs and covers of songs by such disparate artists as Glenn Danzig, 
Soundgarden, Beck, Neil Diamond and most famously a version of Nine Inch Nails' "Hurt."


The new Grave features backing work from the Avett Brothers, Smoky Hormel (Beck), and Matt Sweeney 
formerly of the indie band Chavez. This last round of tracks includes a song each from Sheryl Crow 
and Kris Kristofferson. It ends with the sweet Hawaiian lilt of "Aloha Oe," written by the last 
official monarch of the islands, Queen Lili'uokalani.

As dour and foreboding as Cash's image was at times, he was one hell of a funny guy. In interviews 
he was always quick to turn a phrase and he was known to be a hellraiser on tours back in his Sun 
Records heyday. When you partied with people like Elvis Presley and Jerry Lee Lewis, you had to up 
your game just a tad. Up until his death, Cash was a humorous and warm fellow. On some of the tracks 
he did with Rubin, you can hear him cracking jokes to his backing band before and after songs.
__________

1. Aint No Grave

2. Redemption Day

3. For The Good Times

4. I Corinthians 15:55

5. Can't Help But Wonder Where Im Bound

6. Satisfied Mind

7. I Dont Hurt Anymore

8. Cool Water

9. Last Night I Had The Strangest Dream

10. Aloha Oe 

Format : FLAC
Format/Info : Free Lossless Audio Codec
File size : 16.5 MiB
Duration : 2mn 53s
Overall bit rate : 799 Kbps
Album : Ain't No Grave
Track name : Ain't No Grave
Track name/Position : 1
Performer : Johnny Cash
Genre : Country
Recorded date : 2010

Audio
Format : FLAC
Format/Info : Free Lossless Audio Codec
Duration : 2mn 53s
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 799 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits
Stream size : 16.5 MiB (100%)
Writing library : libFLAC 1.2.1 (UTC 2007-09-17)
__________

Enjoy:D


