Saw: The Video Game [ENG|KONAMI]2009 RePack PlayBay


Year of release: 2009 
Genre: Action / 3D / 3rd Person 
The developer: Zombie Studios 
Publishing house: KONAMI 
Platform: PC 

System requirements: 
The minimum system requirements: 
The operating system: Windows XP SP3 / Vista 
The processor: Any Intel Core 2 Duo or AMD Athlon X2 
Memory: 2 Gb 
Videocard: nVidia GeForce 7600, ATI X1900 
Audicard: Direct-X the compatible 
Free space on HD: 4 Gb 
Interface language: only English 
NODVD: Integrated (thx RELOADED) 
 
http://peerat.ru:8080/forum/viewtopic.php?t=2086

The description:  SAW is a third-person perspective, survival horror game based on the SAW film franchise, which has grossed more than $665M worldwide and sold more than 28 million DVDs. The game features many of the deadly mechanical traps seen in the film, as well as terrifying new ones. Players will pit their wits against Jigsaw as they navigate his world in an attempt to evade and escape his gruesome traps, while also struggling against his minions in brutal combat by using weapons found within the environment.

SAW, the video game, is based on a treatment from Zombie Studios and the creators of the SAW franchise, Leigh Whannell and James Wan. The timeline for the game takes place between the movies: SAW and SAW II, giving the game its own story, yet fitting within the narratives of the movies.

Features of game: 

• Traps of Lethal Cunning – Jigsaw has laid out a gauntlet of torturous traps for a handful of innocents. Only you stand between them and the most brutal death imaginable. Think quickly and act! The clock is ticking.

• Choices of Conscience – The player is forced to make difficult moral choices. Who lives and who dies in the game is determined by the player’s choices.

• Mysteries Revealed – Unanswered questions from the films are finally laid to rest. Gamers will discover the origin of Jigsaw and why he devoted his life to games, while also finding out what happened to the characters from the first SAW movie.

• An Ecology of Terror – The asylum in which Jigsaw has trapped you is abandoned, but it is far from empty. It is a living world of horror populated by Jigsaw’s minions and the insane souls they torture… and they have no intention of letting you leave.   

Features RePack: 

Compressed the original, without ripped. 
Videoclips are pressed on 50%. Quality normal. 
It is removed: DirectX.
