Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Urge Overkill - Girl, You'll Be A Woman Soon (Soundtrack: Pulp Fiction)(2nafish)


Note: This video is a "Movies & Music" video so it has 2 logos.


"Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon" is a song written by Neil Diamond, whose recording of it on Bang Records reached #10 on the U.S. pop singles chart in 1967. The song garnered a second life span when it appeared on the 1994 Pulp Fiction soundtrack, performed by rock band Urge Overkill. Other versions have been done by Cliff Richard (1968), Gary Puckett and the Union Gap (1969), the Biddu Orchestra (1978), and 16 Volt (1998).

In 1994, Urge Overkill recorded their own version of the song. Quentin Tarantino came across it on an EP in a Dutch record store and liked it so much that he worked it into a scene in his film Pulp Fiction. This cover achieved success in several European countries, peaking at #10 in France.

Urge Overkill is an alternative rock band, formed in Chicago, United States, consisting of Nathan "Nash Kato" Kaatrud (vocals/guitar), and Eddie "King" Roeser (vocals/guitar/bass guitar). Their cover of Neil Diamond's song "Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon" appeared prominently in the movie Pulp Fiction, and became a hit in 1994. Now Urge Overkill is looking forward to a new album which will be released in the near future.

Kaatrud and Roeser met at Northwestern University in 1985. They formed Urge Overkill (getting the name from a phrase in the lyrics of the Parliament song "Funkentelechy") in Chicago, with drummer Pat Byrne, and released an EP, Strange, I..., on Ruthless Records. The EP was recorded by Kaatrud's roommate, Steve Albini. A full length album, Jesus Urge Superstar, soon followed, again produced by Albini, and with Kriss Bataille taking over the drums. These two releases showcased a noise-rock sound common to other Chicago acts of the period.

Their next effort, Americruiser, saw a drastic change in style. Jack "Jaguar" Watt of Baron Lesh and the Still was the new drummer and their sound from then on has been described as a "Stonesy fusion of arena rock and punk". Produced by Butch Vig, Americruiser was widely praised, and scored a college radio hit with the lead-off track, "Ticket To LA." Watt returned to Baron Lesh and was replaced by Blackie Onassis on the next album The Supersonic Storybook, released in 1991.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

