[[[[[T.T.C]]]]]

Alliance of Valiant Arms (Korean: 아바) (abbreviated to A.V.A) is a free online First Person Shooter developed by REDDUCK and distributed by Neowiz. The game was released on October 23, 2007.

On June 2, 2009, it was announced that ijji acquired A.V.A for North American and European audiences, scheduled for a closed-beta release September 23, 2009. The open-beta began on October 14, 2009. The official live release was on Nov 11, 2009.

Contents
1 Gameplay 
2.Audio 
3 Weapons 
4 References 
5 External links 
 

Gameplay
 
A.V.A screenshotA.V.A is based on a fictional war between the EU (European Union) and the NRF (Neo-Russian Federation). Gameplay is very similar to many other online FPS, weapons are bought using in-game currency in the store menu. From the store menu, purchases of an assortment of weapons, attachments, armor, helmets and skill upgrades can be made. All of these have a durability meter which lowers as they are used more in-game.

Audio

A.V.A features a radio chat system, similar to other FPS. Voice commands are context sensitive. The PC's voice tone changes depending on the PC's remaining HP and the situation the PC is currently in. For example, a voice commands usually have a normal tone, but when in a firefight the PC character will start to yell them. Also, if a teammate dies while near another ally, that ally will shout, phrases such as "The Commander's been hit!", if the commander is shot and dies. Characters will also say when they are throwing a grenade or reloading. Players can choose between side-specific voices (EU will speak English in radio messages, while the NRF will speak Russian) or the localized voices. Audio language can be changed in the options, from default English/Russian to the region's language that the game is localized in.

Weapons

Weapons are able to be customized by a variety of attachments that can be bought from the store menu, such as PEQ-2 systems, silencers, grips and scopes. However, not all weapons can be equipped with certain attachments. Silencers can only be used on Submachine guns, and some handguns. Assault rifles and Sub-machine guns may have laser sights and scopes if they have a Picatinny rail system. Certain weapons also need to be converted to support rails, for a small cost. Snipers can have scopes with higher levels of zoom. New attachments, and various types of equipment are expanded upon are added during monthly updates.

- Wikipedia (2009/12/31)