 http://bayimg.com/dApAbaacM

Tales from Muppetland: The Frog Prince (TV) (1971) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068613/

The Frog Prince (released on home video as Tales from Muppetland: The Frog Prince) is a 1971 special directed by Jim Henson. It is a retelling of the classic fairy tale of The Frog Prince featuring Kermit the Frog as the narrator, Kermit's nephew Robin as the Frog Prince, Sir Robin, and Sweetums, among others. This television special marked the debut of both Robin and Sweetums to the world of Muppets.

The Frog Prince is often noted for being the first time that Kermit became a frog. However, the distinction dates back as far as 1968, even before his appearances on Sesame Street.

  Trudy Young  ...  Princess Melora  
  Gordon Thomson  ...  Sir Robin the Brave  
  Frank Oz  ...  Gawain / Additional Muppets (voice)  
  Jerry Juhl  ...  Aunt Taminella (voice)  
  Carl Banas  ...  Sweetums (voice)  
  Jim Henson  ...  Kermit / King Rupert the Second (voice)  
  Richard Hunt  ...  Aunt Taminella / Sweetums  
  John Lovelady  ...  (voice)  
  Jerry Nelson  ...  Robin the Frog / Featherstone (voice)  
  Danny Seagren  ...  (voice)  

The Frog Prince, part of the Tales from Muppetland series, was released in syndication in 1971. This one-hour version of the classic fairy tale is narrated by Kermit the Frog. 

A small frog who lands near the pond where Kermit and some other frogs have gathered claims that he is under a witch's spell and is actually a prince named Sir Robin the Brave. Kermit and his pals, Gawain, Kay, Garth, and Ector, skeptical about the frog's true identity, sing about the joys and advantages of being a frog. 

Princess Melora who talks mixed-up as the result of a witch's curse, befriends the Frog Prince and takes him to her palace. But before the spell on the frog can be broken, he must fend off the Princess' Aunt Taminella, who is actually the witch in disguise. Taminella has fooled Melora's gullible father, King Rupert the Second, into believing that she is his long-lost sister -- and that she deserves to wear the crown
