Ray Charles - Rare Genius: The Undiscovered Masters

Release Date.: 2010-10-18
Store Date...: 2010-10-25
Source.......: CD
Style........: Soul
Record Label.: Concord Records
Cat Nr.......:
Encoder......: Lame 3.97 (-V2 vbr-new)
Quality......: 158kbps avg / 44.1KHz / Joint Stereo

1. Loves Gonna Bite You Back 3:54
2. It Hurts To Be In Love 4:53
3. Wheel Of Fortune 4:00
4. Im Gonna Keep On Singin 5:30
5. Therell Be Some Changes Made 4:04
6. Isnt It Wonderful 4:13
7. I Dont Want No One But You 4:20
8. A Little Bitty Tear 3:35
9. Shes Gone 3:11
10.Why Me Lord? (featuring Johnny Cash) 3:57


Release notes:

Concord Records is celebrating the 80th birthday of the legendary Ray Charles
with a special gift for his legions of fans: Rare Genius: The Undiscovered
Masters. This treasure trove of newly discovered recordings, highlighted by a
duet with fellow icon Johnny Cash, will become available on October 26th, 2010.

Culled from four decades worth of demos and other previously unreleased
material, Rare Genius showcases the remarkable artistic vision, stylistic range
and emotionally rich vocals that crafted Charles enduring legacy. Listening to
the ten gems from the 70s, 80s and 90s that comprise this CD, fans will have
no trouble envisioning the late singer rocking back and forth at the piano as he
effortlessly segues between R&B/soul, pop, country and gospel. Ray would always
get inside the meaning of a lyric and make the listener believe every word,
says Concord Music Group Chief Creative Officer, John Burk. His vocals carried
incredible emotion and intensity, even on demo tapes. What we have here with
Rare Genius is on par with some of his greatest works.

And thats crystal clear right from the albums sparkling opener, Loves Gonna
Bite You Back. The March 1980 session track features an upbeat horn arrangement
behind what Rare Genius liner notes author Bill Dahl calls a Charles vocal
thats a signature mixture of sandpaper grit and heavenly goodness. Up next is
the stunning ballad It Hurts to Be in Love, which underscores the albums main
thematic focus and one of Charles favorite subjects: the ups and down of
romance. Another compelling standout is the gospel-stirred Charles and Cash duet
on Kris Kristoffersons Why Me, Lord? Discovered in the Sony vaults, the song
was produced by Billy Sherrill in Nashville and recorded in 1981 for an
anticipated release on a CBS album. For unknown reasons, that didnt come to
pass. Whats more important, however, is the emotional charge you get listening
to these two powerful voices come together in this spirited and inspired
pairing. Except for Lord, the nine other Rare Genius tracks including the
soul-drenched I Dont Want No One But You, a blues-infused cover of songwriter
Hank Cochrans country classic A Little Bitty Tear and the joyous Im Gonna
Keep on Singin were found in the vault at Charles R.P.M. International
Studios in Los Angeles. Adding a little sweetening to some of the sparse,
stripped-down tracks was a team of top-notch musicians and artists: guitarists
Keb Mo and George Doering, organist Bobby Sparks, trumpeter Gray Grant,
trombonist Alan Kaplan, bassists Trey Henry and Chuck Berghofer, drummers Gregg
Field and Ray Brinker and background vocalist Eric Benet.

As with its Concord predecessor, 2004s Grammy-winning Album of the Year Genius
Loves Company, Rare Genius: The Undiscovered Masters is another fitting tribute
to Charles, who would have turned 80 on September 23, 2010. Its a fresh,
vibrant reaffirmation of the music icons unparalleled artistry and legacy.

Enjoy!


Info:

Like it? Buy it! Dont forget to support the artists! 