Paris.Dakar.Rally.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


Paris-Dakar Rally is a licensed rally game that takes place in the famous Paris-Dakar course that put to the test 300 pilots from all over the world in 10.000 Km of arid African and European deserts. The game includes licensed car teams and models as well as real rally pilots to choose from.

The game offers you 4 types of vehicles to test your mettle in the stages that make up the Paris-Dakar course: 4x4s, Enduro bikes, Buggies and Quad-cycles, with several vehicles from different brands in each category that you must unlock by completing the stages in time. You also have a set of customizing options for your vehicles that include suspension adjustment, tire pressure, etc.

This is not a race around a track. This is not a race decided by technological advantage. This is not a race. This is THE race.

The game comprises of 12 stages each over 25km long. Multiple routes will allow the player to select the best path through the terrain. The first game title in the Dakar series comprises a journey across North Africa, from the jungle on the coast, through savannah and scrub to rolling sand dunes and the wonders of Egypt. This provides an exciting and diverse range of stages, interspersed with dramatic short clips from actual past rallies. Whether it's racing across the desert, speeding through the jungle, or charging around a mountain side with rock on side and nothing but air on the other, it's going to take skill, nerve and reactions to make it to the winner's podium.

Game Features:

-Hazards - Many obstacles will block and stifle your route.
-Obstacles - Larger obstacles litter the roads ahead.
-Maintenance - Maintain your vehicle, take care of yourself.

Screenshots:  
http://www.ag.ru/screenshots/paris_dakar_rally 
http://www.tothegame.com/screenshots-pc-202-paris-dakar-rally-for-pc.html 
http://www.gamershell.com/pc/paris_dakar_rally/screenshots.html 
http://www.simracingworld.com/screenshots/25-parisdakar-rally/


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game And Play


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED






