cH!<RiGOR>
                          



                 EDGECAM PART MODELER V2010 R1 (c) PLANIT                  

 

 Packaged @: 12/10/2009                     11 x 5.00 MB :..Number of Disks
 Cracker...: Team LND                                Win :.Operating System
 Packager..: Team LND                               Hasp :Serial/Protection
 Supplier..: Team LND  

 
                                                       Product Description 

                 
 Edgecam Part Modeler is a 3D modelling tool specifically 
 designed for quick and simple construction and/or 
 modification of solid models. Cost effective and easy to 
 use, Part Modeler comes complete with fully associative 
 drafting capability. It's the perfect complement to Edgecam 
 Solid Machinist - providing advanced modelling tools to 
 create parts or workholding systems such as chuck jaws or 
 fixtures. The major features of a machine tool can also be 
 modelled, for accurate cutting simulation and collision 
 detection within Edgecam.
          
 Edgecam Part Modeler will import and manipulate files from 
 most CAD systems, including SolidWorksr, Solid Edger, 
 Unigraphics NXr and STEP files. Support for IGES, DXF and 
 Parasolid is also included. In addition, Part Modeler 
 offers functionality to `clean and heal' and `sew surfaces' 
 to quickly restore imported files that need repairing.
            http://www.edgecam.com/partmodeler


                                                       Install Description 


  1.Unpack
  2.Read .txt from LEGEND dir
  3.Enjoy another Legends release


                                                     Legendary News & Info 


 Legends Never Die is dedicated to bring you quality software. Our primary 
 focus is software in CAD/CAM/CAE/FEA. Your support is needed, so keep 
 emailing us information about the software you might be able to 
 contribute. 
        
 We are also looking for good crackers, especially those that can crack 
 WindowsNT programs. Keywords are FlexLM, Hasp, Sentinel. If you feel up 
 for the job contact us on the email address below. 
        
 Legends Never Die is a Non-profit organization. We dont make or give money 
 for software. 
                                              With Respect -DREAMTEAM 2002 


                                                Legendary Application Info 


 If you wish to be a part of the team and can provide one of the following 
 services then please get in touch with us at the address below, at this 
 point we are only taking in the positions that are listed below but if 
 you think you have something to offer us that we have not thought of, of 
 course you can mail us about it. 
            
 *) If you work for an Internet Service Provider or can provide services. 
 *) If you can supply hardware to our cause. 
 *) If you work at a software company or have access to new software. 
 *) If you have the capability to remove software protection. 
            
 Assholes & Lamers need not apply. 
            
 *** WE DO NOT MAIL OUR RELEASES, OR PARTS OF OUR RELEASES. 
            
 Contacting Legends Never Die: 
 Email: teamlegends@gmail.com 
 Irc  : Closed 


  Layout: Phr33phal