Ashampoo TextMaker, PlanMaker, and Presentations

All programs of Ashampoo Office 2010 are a perfect match. They do their job fast and reliable without demanding much from the computer’s hardware. In addition, the office suite doesn’t take up much hard-drive space. 

Why waste time with complicated and expensive office programs? If you are looking for a fast, reliable and inexpensive office suite that offers easy handling next to superior compatibility with high-priced Microsoft Office products, you are right where you should be. 

Ashampoo TextMaker 2010

Is everything you expect from a word processing software: it is fast, reliable and compatible - simply everything you need to manage your everyday correspondence. Needful helpers assist in writing serial letters, printing envelopes or finding spelling mistakes. But Ashampoo TextMaker 2010 is more than just a word processor. The new object mode offers exhaustive layout capabilities for easy flyer or poster design and enables you to position graphics, text frames or drawings anywhere you want to. 

In an otherwise Microsoft dominated working environment Ashampoo Office 2010 performs at its best and provides superior compatibility with Microsoft Office. Simply exchange documents with colleagues and business partners, just like you’re used to. 

Ashampoo PlanMaker 2010

The spreadsheet Ashampoo PlanMaker 2010 is on par with Microsoft Excel and offers more than 330 calculation functions that cover areas such as finance, statistics, cost analysis and many more. Form objects, filter functions, automatic summation, grouping of large spreadsheets, syntax highlighting and the new “detective” (formula checker) help to ease the handling of complex charts. 

Visualize and present your results trouble-free with the powerful chart module that turns your numbers into colorful yet precise charts. Choose from 70 different chart types (2D and 3D) and create column charts, bar charts, pie charts, area charts, bubble charts, pyramid charts etc. With a number of effects like reflections, smooth shadows, elegant color gradients, transparency, and many more you can give your charts a fresh and personal touch. 


Ashampoo Presentations 2010

With Ashampoo Presentations 2010 you are able to create stunning presentations that will catch your audience’s attention in no time. The program offers a variety of design templates, objects, and graphic effects thus enabling you to create a multimedia slideshow that leaves nothing to be desired. 

An innovative new feature in Ashampoo Presentations 2010 is the huge number of animations and transitions based on DirectX technology. Meet state-of-the-art graphics technology that goes beyond anything you ever experienced from a presentation graphics program. Animate your slides as puzzle, let them turn over like book pages, or let them burst into flames. Of course the program also offers a great variety of unobtrusive effects and classy animations to imbue your presentation with a more “serious” touch. 

With this powerful presentation graphics program, your creativity knows no limits! Embed graphics in different formats, use AutoForms, crop pictures directly in the program, embed movies or audio files and use different effects like reflections, shadows, transparency or antialiasing with your objects or text blocks. Go ahead and save/export your presentation in a file format of your choice, like for example as PowerPoint presentation, HTML website or PDF document. If desired, you can also print handouts for your audience. 
