Search.And.Rescue.2.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


Search And Rescue 2 (SAR2) is a simulator where the player takes control 
of a Dolphin HH65 helicopter. You will fly as a pilot, assigned to an 
American Coast Guard base, and experience the thrills and excitement of 
day to day search and rescue missions. As you progress in skill and rank, 
you will be faced with more difficult missions, and hazardous rescue 
attempts.

Features:
Detailed Dolphin HH65 helicopter model, including cockpit and hoist 
operator views. Many parts of the helicopter are animated, such as 
moving slide doors, rotor blades, retractable landing gear and hoist arm.	
Realistic physics engine makes the Dolphin react the way it would in 
reality, responding to elements like torque effect, hover effect, weight,
auto-rotations, aircraft emergencies and speed limitations. A wind and 
air pressure system also makes an impact on flight and helicopter 
handling.
50+ missions to be chosen from the "Single mission" menu.
Extra equipment such as landing hook, water pump, and rescue devices 
(basket, sling and litter) available should the mission require them.
3D modeled victims and rescue workers reacting to the actions of the 
player. The crew of the helicopter will also act on orders from the 
player, granting him full control of how the mission should be completed.
Realistic visual effects enhancing the feel of the simulator. These 
include lightning flashes, falling rain, dust clouds at ground level, 
blurred rotor blades, transparent cockpit window glass, random tree 
dispersion, smoke, explosions and more.
Layered sound effects including rotor and engine sounds, detailed radio 
speech and added environment sounds.
10 different realistically modeled and highly detailed landscapes (areas) 
depicting coastal regions as well as inland mission areas.
Over 30 different injury types to encounter, for example broken bones, 
skull fracture, heart attack, diver sickness, burns, meningitis and 
jellyfish burn.
Random mission generator insures that no two missions are alike.
Campaign system where the player has a career as a USCG rescue pilot.


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game And Play


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED




