Star.Trek.I.Motion.Picture.1979.PAL.DVDR.CD2-(Untouched) - ArenaBG

Star Trek 1 - The Motion Picture (1979) Disc 2 (Bonus disc)

Genre: Adventure, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Year: 1979
Country: USA
Runtime: 131 min
Director: Robert Wise
Cast: William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Walter Koenig, George Takei

.: Plot :.
A Starfleet monitoring station detects an alien force hidden in a massive cloud of energy moving through space towards Earth. The cloud destroys three Klingon warships and the monitoring station en route. On Earth, the starship Enterprise is undergoing a major refit; its former commander, James T. Kirk, has been promoted to Admiral and works in San Francisco as head of Starfleet Operations. Starfleet dispatches the Enterprise to investigate the cloud entity as the ship is the only one in intercept range, requiring its new systems to be tested in transit.

As part of the mission, Kirk takes command of the ship, angering Captain Willard Decker, who had been overseeing the refit as its new commanding officer. Testing of Enterprise's new systems goes poorly; two officers, including the science officer, are killed by a malfunctioning transporter, and the ship's improperly calibrated engines create an artificial wormhole. The tension between Kirk and Decker increases when the Admiral's unfamiliarity with the Enterprise's redesigned weapons nearly destroys the vessel. Spock arrives as replacement science officer, explaining that while on his home world undergoing a ritual to purge all emotion, he felt a consciousness that he believes emanates from the cloud.

The Enterprise intercepts the energy cloud and is heavily damaged by an alien vessel. A probe appears on the bridge, attacks Spock and abducts the navigator, Ilia. She is replaced by a robotic doppelga"nger—a probe sent by "V'ger" to study the crew. Decker is distraught over the loss of Ilia, with whom he had a romantic history. He becomes troubled as he attempts to extract information from the doppelga"nger, which has Ilia's memories and feelings buried within. Spock takes a spacewalk to the alien vessel's surface and attempts a telepathic mind meld with it. In doing so, he learns that the vessel is V'ger itself, a living machine.

At the heart of the massive ship, V'ger is revealed to be Voyager 6, a twentieth century space probe launched from Earth and believed lost. The damaged probe was found by an alien race of living machines that interpreted its programming as instructions to learn all that can be learned, and return that information to its creator. The machines upgraded the probe to fulfill its mission, and on its journey the probe gathered so much knowledge that it achieved consciousness. Spock realizes that V'ger lacks the ability to give itself a focus other than its original mission; having learned what it could on its journey home, it finds its existence empty and without purpose. Before transmitting all its information, V'ger insists that the Creator come in person to finish the sequence. Realizing that the machine wants to merge with its creator, Decker offers himself to V'ger; he merges with the Ilia probe and V'ger, creating a new form of life that disappears into another dimension. With Earth saved and their mission completed, Kirk directs the Enterprise out to space for future missions.



SUBTITLE: Arabic, Bulgarian, Czech, Danish, German, English, Icelandic, Hungarian, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Romanian, Finnish, Swedish, Turkish