Bruce McCulloch - Shame-Based Man - 1995

Bruce McCulloch - 01 - Grade 8
Bruce McCulloch - 02 - Stalking
Bruce McCulloch - 03 - Al Miller
Bruce McCulloch - 04 - Heroin Pig
Bruce McCulloch - 05 - 40 Housewives
Bruce McCulloch - 06 - Doors
Bruce McCulloch - 07 - Acid Radio
Bruce McCulloch - 08 - Lift Me Up
Bruce McCulloch - 09 - Our Love
Bruce McCulloch - 10 - Not Happy
Bruce McCulloch - 11 - Answering Machine
Bruce McCulloch - 12 - Daddy's On The Drink
Bruce McCulloch - 13 - He Said, She Said
Bruce McCulloch - 14 - Daves I Know
Bruce McCulloch - 15 - That's America
Bruce McCulloch - 16 - Baby Jesus (Radio)
Bruce McCulloch - 17 - Eraserhead
Bruce McCulloch - 18 - Vigil
Bruce McCulloch - 19 - When You're Fat
Bruce McCulloch - 20 - Lonely People
 
http://allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:wxfwxq9hld0e


Review	by Tomas Mureika

The debut album from Kids in the Hall's quirky comedian is a wonderful collaboration with Blue Rodeo alumni Bob Wiseman, representing the best of both artists. Essentially a collection of twenty of McCulloch's stream-of-consciousness monologues and wacked-out characters, Shame-Based Man veers from black humor to unsettling observations, touching on subjects that include stalkers, repressed homosexuality, alcohol abuse, the Christian right, and obesity, among many others. "Answering Machine" is an ode to the beauty of non-communication in the modern world ("I love my answering machine/It keeps the people I know away from me"), while "Lift Me Up" is a semi-traditional love duet, only between a naive young boy and his dirty old mentor. At once provocative, disturbing, and genuinely laugh out loud funny, Shame-Based Man is that most remarkable of comedy albums: one that bears (frequent) repeated listenings. If there is any justice, this will not be McCulloch and Wiseman's only collaboration. 
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_McCulloch


Kids in the Hall

As a member of The Kids in the Hall comedy troupe, McCulloch frequently wrote surreal monologues, films or songs. He also directed several of the filmed sketches. Memorable characters included the Flying Pig, Cabbage Head, talkative schoolchild Gavin, pop starlet Tammy, and grumpy middle-aged man Gordon.

McCulloch appeared in the Kids in the Hall movie Brain Candy, released in 1996. McCulloch drew controversy with his Cancer Boy character, introduced on the series' final episode, in which he plays a dying young cancer patient confined to a wheelchair who relates otherwise depressing news in a monosyllabic tone and with a cheerful smile, and even releases a hit single entitled "Whistle When You're Low." Paramount Pictures fought to edit out the offending scenes, yet they were still kept in. Among other characters, McCulloch also appeared as Grivo, a depressed rock star.

He is currently appearing in the Kids in the Hall reunion project Death Comes to Town.

Music

McCulloch has released two albums: 1995’s Shame-Based Man (praised by Allmusic as the “most remarkable of comedy albums: one that bears (frequent) repeated listenings”)[2] and 2002’s Drunk Baby Project.

McCulloch also directed the music video for the Tragically Hip’s song “My Music at Work,” from their 2000 album Music @ Work. McCulloch has stated on his website that he is close friends with Tragically Hip frontman Gord Downie. The video shares much in common with many Kids in the Hall sketches, including its office setting, camera angles, and some thematic elements.
[edit] Movies

McCulloch played Fred Wright in the 1987 TV mini-series Anne of Avonlea. He also had a role in the 1999 comedy film Dick.

McCulloch also co-wrote and had a bit part in Superman's 50th Anniversary: A Celebration of the Man of Steel (1988). In the CBS primetime special, (also featuring Dana Carvey, Al Franken, Jan Hooks, and others) he played a patron of a store that, among other things, sold counterfeit Kryptonite.
