Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:09

[Video]
Resolution : 640x480
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2976 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.33 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps


"Break Anotha" is the official debut single of Blake Lewis, the runner-up on the sixth season of American Idol. Being the leadoff single from A.D.D. (Audio Day Dream), it was first leaked on October 29, 2007 via phone to fans who had signed up at BlakeLewisComingSoon.com. The single began to impact the radio on October 30 and was premiered on 106.1 KISS FM in Seattle. It was released on iTunes Music Store on November 13 and officially went for adds on November 20.

The video of "Break Anotha", which was directed by Sanji, premiered on December 6 on Yahoo! Music. Nonetheless, during an interview of Lewis with Jared Cotter on The Sauce of Fuse TV on December 5, a sneak peek of the video has been aired on the show. It was shot against a green screen and "has an interesting concept behind it", which in Lewis' words, "when you open Rorschach inkblot tests, how they have two different sides" and like "ink and water, and different effects behind me that come in".

The song was co-written by Lewis, Louis Biancaniello, Ryan Tedder (OneRepublic), Sam Watters and produced by Lewis and Tedder.

Lewis described the song as "funk/soul-inspired" and is influenced by certain musicians:

“It’s an explosion channeling my Michael Jackson, James Brown, and Curtis Mayfield. It’s a real live track with a kind of sinister message that you have to watch yourself. It’s about staying away from the evil side in all of us. 	”

His friends have also involved in the production of the song:

“The bridge goes into breakbeat funk, featuring my drummer, KJ (Quantize) Sawka. My two really good friends, T.J. Berry and Chris Poage of The Panda Conspiracy on Alto and Barry Sax and my guitarist Ryan Lava. It's so amazing to have my friends be a part of something so special.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/