Planescape Torment PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)

In Planescape: Torment, you play a nameless, scarred, immortal on a quest to discover his past, his identity, and his role in the conflict over the nature of reality. The brilliant role-playing and adventure game focuses on the "Planescape" campaign setting of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons game, and combines the best elements of Interplay's phenomenally successful Baldur's Gate with an enthralling story line, well-written dialogue, and beautiful artwork and graphics.

In an inspired choice, Black Isle Studios, the developer of Planescape: Torment, has chosen to provide the player, at least initially, with as little details about the story as possible. After viewing a mysterious introductory movie, players guide The Nameless One on a journey through the bleak city of Sigil and its underground catacombs. The story leads from there to the bizarre realities of alternate planes of existence, where belief and thought determine the laws of physics. Through dialogue with hundreds of nonplayer characters, puzzle solving, and point-and-click combat, The Nameless One discovers clues about his identity and the circumstances surrounding his condition.

Gamers overwhelmed by detailed role-playing games will find Planescape: Torment easier to grasp; players can freely switch between three different character classes (Fighter, Mage, Thief) for The Nameless One as the game progresses, and learning the combat and magic system--with a simple point-and-click interface--takes only a few minutes. Literally hundreds of weapons, items, spells, and "tattoos" can be collected and affixed to The Nameless One or any of the several party members acquired during the course of the game. If you're a fan of role-playing or adventure games, Planescape: Torment's engrossing world creates a must-have gaming experience. --Doug Radcliffe

Pros:

   * Fascinating, unique setting
   * Engrossing story
   * Rich graphics and spell effects
   * Intriguing dialogue 

Update and Mod Info

The following link provides you with the resources for updating Planescape: Torment to it's newest version as well as how to go about enhancing the game further through community made updates, UI modification, and resolution modification. Follow the instructions for the "4 cd" version of the game as that is what this is.
 
http://www.bootstrike.com/Torment/files.html


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To DVD

Install The Game And Play

Plus Ive Added Latest Direct X Update For XP Users


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED




