-- Proudly Presents --

Lucidity (c) LucasArts



Release On   : 6 April 2010            Disk Amount/Format : 1 CD ISO
Type of Game : Platformer/Puzzle       Media Protection   : Steam + Custom



Release Information:

From the team that re-imagined The Secret of Monkey Island, comes Lucidity,
an addictive puzzle platformer set in the surreal childlike dreamscapes of
the little girl Sofi. In this challenging puzzler, its your task to keep
Sofi safe as she drifts deeper into the strange new world of her dreams.
Featuring stunning hand-illustrated visuals, a spell-binding original score
and unique puzzle platformer gameplay, Lucidity will challenge your wits,
test your reflexes and mesmerize your senses.

Take a trip into the surreal childlike dreamscapes of Sofi, a little girl
filled with a persistent desire to explore new worlds and overcome all
obstacles in her way. Test your skills in this addictive puzzle platformer
where through quick reactions and placement of unique puzzle pieces, you
create a path to help Sofi traverse safely through 27 visually stunning,
hand-illustrated dreamscapes.

A Surreal Fantasy - Take a fantastic journey with little Sofi as she
drifts into a vivid dream world where, beckoned by the kind words of her
grandmother, she learns to overcome her fears.

Mesmerizing Dreamscapes - Like a childrens storybook come to life, get
lost in mesmerizing dreamscapes detailed with beautiful hand-drawn
contemporary art.

Spell-binding Original Score - Featuring a lush original score that will
draw you into Sofis dream world.

Addictive Puzzle-Platformer Gameplay - Skillfully place unique puzzle
pieces designed to propel Sofi to and from suspended platforms, or over
and under obstacles, in an effort to maintain her state of perpetual
motion.

Unlockable Steam Achievements - Collect fireflies on your adventures to
unlock additional bonus levels and achievements to make it to the top of
the leaderboards.



Burn/mount, install, copy content from TiNYiSO dir to installation dir, play

NOTE: We discovered that this game had a few issues on certain of a few of
our test machines. If you get an error about .NET 3.5 not installed or
outdated, even if you have it installed, then it has nothing to do
with the crack.

Make sure you got all things updated to latest versions or install
those additional NEEDED programs at the end of our installer!

You can read more about the issue here:
 
http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t984011

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO



(C) E/dfs
SIZE DOES NOT MATTER!