Little Britain - Series 01 & 02 - Complete - Audio Comedy - BBC7 via DVB-T


9 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3



Little Britain is a highly successful character-based BBC radio sketch show written by and starring Matt Lucas and David Walliams. Its title is an amalgamation of the terms 'Little England' and 'Great Britain'. It made its debut on BBC Radio 4 in 2001, running for two short series of five and four half-hour episodes respectively.  

Many of the characters on the show have their own often-repeated catchphrases. Many have become well-known in the U.K., and it has gained a cult following.


The format of the show is a compilation of short sketches featuring familiar characters, linked by narration from Tom Baker (most famous as the Fourth Doctor on Doctor Who). The voiceovers take a wry look at Britain, with comically absurd statements on the nation's character, such as, "Britain ... We've had running water for over 10 years,an underground tunnel linking us to Peru, and we invented the cat" or, "Unlike other countries, Britain has people of two genders: women and men."

The style of Little Britain has evolved over the years. The series consist of surreal concepts taken to logical extremes (such as the witch employing contractors to build her gingerbread house or the man leaving increasingly bizarre messages on his answering machine.) The sketches that caught the public's imagination, however, tended to be those which gave rise to memorable catchphrases and memes.





cast:

Matt Lucas
David Walliams
Jean Ainslie
Tom Baker
Samantha Power
Paul Putner




Little Britain - S01 - E00 - Pilot Episode
Little Britain - S01 - E01
Little Britain - S01 - E02
Little Britain - S01 - E03
Little Britain - S01 - E04

Little Britain - S02 - E01
Little Britain - S02 - E02
Little Britain - S02 - E03
Little Britain - S02 - E04


.

Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits



Ripped from the audio torrent site radioarchive.cc - Registration is FREE!!




Enjoy and Seed!!