Free Nero DVD burner software here at Nero.com:


The Last days of Disco is a great movie from the days of Disco and the great
soundtrack selections from it are included. Its a great look at the contrast
as well between blonde and brunette types in typical fashion. As such its
interesting indeed! And sexy too! It's unforgettable to hear Kate Beckinsale
sing "amazing grace" while laying on her bed, trying to re-assure herself
that all will be well for her in life. Great Disco music - we need to bring
this culture back!!

If you need another reason to take away the social engineering rights powers
from the Hollywood gang of thieves, its this movie decision once again to dump
a fine offering in favour of the completely inane.

Witness the movies supporting the genre of rap and punk music types of tastes
and you get it unmistakably clear that movies should go into the public domain
rather than the trash can, as the offerings they prefer to make available for
sale too often do indeed belong in the trash can while movies they choose to
simply withdraw from making available at any price at all (simply because they
have stupid tastes of their own and don't need our dough it would appear).
There aint many cultures in the world that allow for such brash arrogance on
the part of the inane. This is the same crowd that continues to gouge children
for a full whopping thirty bucks to give them each the benefit of watching "The
sound of music" (with lovely Ms. Julie Andrews, from 1965 - a full 43 years
ago!) to further their education while growing up. Shame on the lot of you that
have such mindsets that run a shoddy house of ill repute. In any event that is
what it will come to be altogether if the inane decisions continue to make this
clear to all that care to se it for what it is - a complete absence of morals
in an industry that is an essential service to the society that is held captive
and in fact hostage to its inane vagaries in the marketplace.

Disco was great, enjoyable culture, a time we intend to bring back. Its
much better than waht we've been seeing instead, and its up to us to get it
done.

If a movie, abandoned as this one is, sits in a trash can, then it's "finders
keepers". They dont have ownership over cultural artifacts. As such, weve made
this a great quality copy indeed. One mans rubbish is a another mans treasure.
I guess the folks now in Hollywood just don't know a good thing when they're
allowed to just sit on it. Remember the great movie "White mischief"? They've
been just as inane here. They've so far let it sit in a vault for decades,
cause it appears Bill Gates is just as happy spending his time playing video
games instead, shooting at human targets from outer space. How inane!

Michel Rizzo Chessman
See my reviews at: moviesbyrizzo.info