File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:40

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1838 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.36 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Jackyl is an American rock band formed in 1990. Their sound has been described as hard rock, heavy metal and Southern metal. Its sound is greatly inspired by AC/DC.

The band is probably best-known for its songs "Down On Me", and "The Lumberjack", which features a chainsaw solo by lead singer Jesse James Dupree. Dupree would rev the chainsaw's engine or use the chain brake to slow the engine down to keep the beat. He would also perform this stunt live and the number would climax with Dupree slicing up a wooden stool onstage, smashing it, and throwing the sliced pieces out to the crowd. He once had been asked, "How the hell can you play a chainsaw?" to which he responded, "How the hell can you not play a chainsaw?"

Jackyl is the 1992 debut album by the band of the same name.

In 2000, lead singer Jesse James Dupree recorded a solo album entitled Foot Fetish.

Less than a month after the events of the September 11, 2001 attacks, Jackyl recorded and released "Open Invitation," which received wide airplay and featured lyrics that included, "I hate you bin Laden" and "You’ve got an open invitation to kiss our ass." The song mixes in clips from George C. Scott's portrayal of George S. Patton giving a speech to his soldiers in the movie Patton and President George W. Bush reading from the Bible's Shepherd's Psalm Psalm 23:4. The band explained their song and lyrics as: "This song is written in the key of 'ANGER' that such a thing can happen in this country. It's not directed toward any religious group or race of people. It is directed toward those 'assholes' responsible."

In 2002, Jackyl released Relentless and took part in the Rock Never Stops Tour. The following year, a second greatest hits compilation was produced entitled 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of Jackyl.

Dupree appeared on an episode of The New Tom Green Show in which he attacked Green's desk with a chainsaw, writing the word "Tom" across the front as a joke, and even cut off a corner for the audience to have as a souvenir. Green was not amused by the joke, and sarcastically insulted Dupree continually. Later, during a musical performance in which Green backed Dupree on the drums, he abandoned the song halfway through, saying Dupree was a "dork".

Currently, Jackyl holds two Guinness world records, one for playing 100 concerts in 50 days and another for performing 21 concerts in a 24-hour period.

Dupree and Jackyl can now be seen regularly on TruTV's hit show "Full Throttle Saloon" , a reality show which documents the happenings at the famous South Dakota saloon during the crazy days of the Sturgis bike rally .Dupree is close friends with the saloon owner Mike Ballard and also produces the show.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
