All 50 non solo/oral movies from sc 421 (Benjamin and Ajay) to sc 531 (Hugo and Danny Flip Flop).

Format: in .mov format in highest resolution available from the Sean Cody website.

File Format: Scene # - Name of Person (Orientation position) and Second person (orientation position)

Example: Sean Cody 421 - Benjamin (Gay Bottom) and Ajay (Gay Top)

Note: A "Straight" in quotes indicates someone claiming to be straight in their solo movie buy has had sex with other men on Sean Cody NUMEROUS times.  If there is no quotes, then he may have only had sex one or a few limited times.  If someone bottoms even once, they are immediately considered to be in quotations.

Note: In the instance of a scene with 3 or more persons, then initials are added to indicate who the person Tops or Bottoms.  Example: Sean Cody 423 - Fuckfest 5 - Spence (Bi Top FDB), Freddie (Bi Bottom SDA) Ajay (Gay Top DBF), Davis (Gay Bottom ABS, Top F) Benjamin (Gay Top D, Bottom AS).  In this example, Davis Tops with Freddie, and Bottoms with Ajay, Benjamin and Spence, and thus is the only one to have sex with everyone in this scene.

Info: For movie information change the movie number at the end of the following link to your desired movie. 
http://www.seancody.com/page.php?frame=movie&movie=421

Includes:
List is TOO long to include a full file list.  Again 50 movies total, but only includes movies with anal sex, toy play, or "Behind the Scenes".  Does not include masturbation only or oral only movies.

Some notable included videos: Fuckfest 5, Fucking Boyce, Harley Fucks Neil Hard, and movies containing Benjamin, Ajay, Spence, Freddie, Davis, Wayne, Gage, Gavin, Elijah, Claude, Andreas, Brett, Boyce, Levi, James, Rocky, Wesley, Harley, Jenson, Neil, Cole, Parker, Terry, Rodney, Ford, Danny, Brady, William, Nicolas, Clark, Billy, Patrick, and Hugo.

Other: I am working on groups 1-2, but still converting files from write protected AVI.  Groups 1-2 will include all PREVIOUS Sean Cody sex videos.  Again, just like in Group 3, will not include solos or orals, and again each group will contain 50 videos.