Release Date : 2010-08-14
Nfo Date : 2010-08-14

Num. Disks : xx/20                      OS : WINALL
Nfo Time : 13:37                Rel Type : Keygen
Cracker : Team Lz0              Archive : lz0.zip
Packer : Team Lz0                Rating : Your choice
Supplier : Team Lz0              Language : English
Protection : Activation

Requirements : N/A
Publisher URL : http://www.ashampoo.com
Publisher : Ashampoo

(-)  Keyfile / License          (-)  Emulator
(-)  Patch                      (-)  Serial
(-)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (-)  Retail
(x)  Keygen                    (-)  Trainer
(-)  Loader                    (-)  Other

1999 - 2010

I N F O

The only tool you need for organizing, editing, presenting
and sharing your digital photos, with support for video and
audio files too.
Ashampoo Photo Commander is probably the only tool you need
for organizing, editing, sharing and presenting your
digital photos. In addition to this it can also be used for
managing your audio and video files, with high-quality
integrated players.

Finding photos is easy, no matter how big your collection
is: You can sort and search for images and duplicate images
by names, tags and other attributes, view your collection
by folder or date, view thumbnail previews of all your
images and more. Instant previews and full-screen mode are
always just a click away, along with integrated viewers and
players for video and audio files.

All the photo editing tools you need are included, you
don?t need additional software: Enhance your images with
the one-click optimizer. Remove the ?red eyes? from flash
photos, adjust colors, contrast, hue and many other
parameters, resize, crop, rotate and add a wide range of
special effects, including some brand-new effects in
version 8.

After editing you can then use the many integrated
creativity tools to turn your photos into slide shows with
music, web albums, photo collages, calendars and more.
There?s also a Photo Collage tool that creates an
attractive collage of multiple photos in seconds, with a 3D
effect so that the result looks like a real collage of
photos on a pin board with a background.

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install.
2) Patch the program/game using the included patch.
3) Use the key generator to generate a valid serial.
4) Enjoy this release