Screenshots: 
http://img25.imageshack.us/img25/1026/screenshot1bu.png 
http://img17.imageshack.us/img17/3319/screenshot2ls.png


This is a registered version. made a new installer. Never Expire.Enjoye ztorrenter

DVDFab Platinum is the most powerful and flexible DVD copying/burning software. With 8 copy modes, you can back
 up any DVD to DVDR in just a few clicks. DVDFab Platinum is brand new, is completely rewritten, is based on more
 than 6 years of DVD copy software development. DVDFab is simply the easiest way to copy a DVD movie. Just insert 
the movie and a blank DVD then press Start. Your entire movie - including menus, trailers and special features - 
is copied to a single DVD with just one click, and everything happens automatically. Backup your entire DVD - 
including menus, trailers, and special features - onto one or multiple discs.


Features:
DVD to DVD
8 DVD to DVD copy modes available: Full Disc, Main Movie, Split, Customize, Customize Split, Clone, Merge and Write Data
Full Disc: All movies, menus and trailers, is copied to a DVD with just one click
Main Movie: Just copy the movie, with specific audio/subpicture
Split: Copy a DVD-9 onto two DVD-5 discs with 100% quality, and preserve original menus on both discs. Ideal for 
episodic/season DVD movies, TV series, etc
Customize: Personalize your DVDs! Want to make a DVD with only your favorite titles? How about cutting out those annoying 
commercials? Or selecting specific audio/subpicture? No problem! You can select just your favorite titles, specify the 
title playback order, with or without original menus, to create a DVD with only the stuff you want!
Customize Split: Copy a DVD-9 onto two DVD-5 discs using "Customize" way. Ideal for episode/season DVD
Clone: Make perfect 1:1 bit-to-bit copy of DVDs:
Make perfect dual layer DVD copy by using the original layer break position
Copy data DVD disc, like PS2 DVD
Merge: Combine several titles of several sources into one DVD:
Combine two DVD-9 like "The Lord of the Rings" into one DVD-9
Merge season DVDs to fewer discs
Create your own special features collection disc
Write Data: Burn existing DVD folder or ISO image file to DVD writer, or convert DVD folder to ISO image file
Burn to any blank DVD Disc (DVD+R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R DL, DVD-R DL)
Constantly updated to support latest DVD burners and blank DVD discs