Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Home" is a song recorded by Canadian pop-jazz musician Michael Bublé. It was released in 2005 from his album It's Time. The song was written by Bublé, along with Alan Chang and Amy Foster-Gillies. "Home" was a hit for Bublé in both Canada and the United States, topping the U.S. adult contemporary chart.

Since the release of Bublé's original version, two covers have also been released as singles by other artists. The first of these was by the Irish band Westlife, whose 2007 rendition was a Top Ten hit in several European countries. American country music singer Blake Shelton also released a cover in early 2008, reaching the top of the U.S. country singles charts with his version.

A cover version was released by American country music artist Blake Shelton on February 1, 2008. This cover entered the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at #60 for the week of February 12, 2008. It was included on a June 2008 re-issue of Shelton's 2007 album Pure BS and Blake Shelton Collector's Edition, an EP which is only available at Wal-Mart. Shelton's rendition features backing vocals from his fiance, Miranda Lambert.

Shelton's version of the song reached Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts dated for the week of July 19, 2008, becoming the fourth Number One hit of his career, and his first since "Some Beach" in December 2004. His version also reached #41 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Jim Malec of The 9513, a country music review site, gave Shelton's version a thumbs-up rating. He said that although he did not think that the song had a country music sound, and although he did not consider Shelton as strong of a vocalist as Bublé, he described Shelton's interpretation as "gut-wrenching in its longing" and "starkly real".

Pure BS is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Blake Shelton, released in 2007 on Warner Bros. Records Nashville. It produced the singles "Don't Make Me" and "The More I Drink". The album was re-released in 2008 with three bonus tracks, one of which — a cover of Michael Bublé's "Home" — was released as a single, becoming Shelton's fourth Number One country hit.

Unlike Shelton's first three albums, which were all produced by Bobby Braddock, Pure BS features three different producers: Braddock, as well as Brent Rowan and Paul Worley.

The album's first single was "Don't Make Me", which peaked at #12 on the Billboard country charts in 2007. Following this was the David Lee Murphy co-write "The More I Drink" which peaked at #19. Pure BS was re-released in May 2008 as Pure BS Deluxe Edition. This re-issue included his cover of Michael Bublé's hit single "Home" and two additional tracks which Shelton wrote. The cover (which features backing vocals from Shelton's girlfriend, Miranda Lambert) was issued as a single in early 2008, and in July it became Shelton's fourth Number One single on the country charts.

"She Don't Love Me" was previously recorded by Trent Willmon on his self-titled debut album, and before that by Billy Ray Cyrus (as "She Don't Love Me (She Don't Hate Me)") on his 2003 album Time Flies. "I Don't Care" was later included on Shelton's 2008 album Startin' Fires.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/