File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Kill the Lights" is a song by American pop singer Britney Spears from her sixth studio album, Circus. Produced by Danja, the song’s lyrics talk about the paparazzi, the media and the consequences of becoming a celebrity. Musically, "Kill the Lights" is an upbeat dance song.

The song received positive reviews, many critics comparing it to a previous Spears' single, "Piece of Me". "Kill the Lights" reached number eleven on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100, when Circus topped the Billboard 200.

An animated music video directed by PUNY debuted on July 27, 2009. The video was inspired by the winner of a fan fiction contest held on Spears' website, the Argentinian Eliana Moyano.

The video begins with an animated Danja, then an animated Britney Spears jumps into her rocket ship and flies to another planet. As she flies, some of the paparazzi follow her. She hides on the planet, turning lights on as she walks. Then paparazzi appear to stalk her and she avoids them, and then flies into space in her rocket ship and struck the planet maneuvering a joystick and killed all the lights on the planet. Even though the song's length was 3:59, the video is only 2:08, as the second verse and chorus is omitted.

The animated video premiered on Spears' websites, and was released for purchase via iTunes on September 15.

In February 2009, a poll was held on Spears' official website for fans to choose the third single to be released from Circus. "Kill the Lights" lost only to "If U Seek Amy". On a second poll, fans were asked to chose the fourth single."Kill the Lights" lost only to "Unusual You",  but "Radar" was chosen instead of them both, to be released as the fourth and final single from the album.

Circus is the sixth studio album by American pop singer Britney Spears. It was released on November 28, 2008 by Jive Records. Spears started working on the album earlier that year with a range of new producers, as well as with Bloodshy & Avant and Danja, combining the electropop and urban sounds from her previous album Blackout with producers of her first early pop hits such as Max Martin.

The album received mostly positive reviews from music critics. After its release, the album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, making Spears the youngest female artist in history to have five albums debut at number one, thus earning a place in the Guiness Book of World Records.

The album's first single, "Womanizer", was an international hit, reaching the top of the charts in ten countries, including the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States. The second single, "Circus", debuted at number three in the US and reached top ten positions in seven countries worldwide. Other single releases include "If U Seek Amy" and "Radar". Spears promoted the album with a series of live performances, including her first world tour in five years, The Circus Starring Britney Spears.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

