File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Henry Lee Summer (born 1955 Henry Lee Swartz) is an American rock singer, songwriter, musician, and Record producer from Brazil, Indiana best known for his hit singles "I Wish I Had A Girl" and "Hey Baby".

Summer's song "I Wish I Had a Girl" (#1 Mainstream Rock Hit, #20 on Billboard's Hot 100), was originally recorded for his independent album Time for Big Fun, but the song was re-recorded and released on his self-titled debut album on Epic Records two years later (1988).

Summer's song "Hey Baby" (#18 on the Billboard Hot 100) was released in 1989 from his album "I've Got Everything" on Epic Records. Summer was credited as producer for both the album and the single.

Henry Lee Summer planned on being a basketball player and even received a scholarship to play at a College in Montana, however he ultimately decided to pursue a career in music. Summer began as a singer and drummer, then also taught himself to play guitar and keyboards. Throughout the late 70's to early 80's he toured throughout the American Midwest and South. He released two independent albums with the help of his manager James Bogard and in 1987 was signed to Epic Records by CBS Records executive Tony Martell.

Summer recorded several successful albums on Epic Records in the 80s-90s and toured with Stevie Ray Vaughan, Eddie Money, The Doobie Brothers, Chicago, Don Henley, Robert Palmer, Cheap Trick, and Richard Marx. Summer also shared the stage with John Mellencamp at a show in Indianapolis IN (1988) and another in Bloomington IN (1992) that each drew over 40,000 fans.

Recording and touring musicians working with Summer throughout his career on Epic Records included - Jimmy Rip (guitar), Graham Maby (bass), Leigh Foxx (bass), Michael Organ (drummer), Mimi Mapes (vocals), Sheila Lawrence (vocals), Tony Bowles (guitar), Rick Benick (guitar), Michael Read (keyboards), Doug Sizemore (keyboards), and Gene Boccia (bass).

Henry Lee Summer produced, composed, arranged, or contributed lead vocals to several songs for movie soundtracks including -

Iron Eagle II “If You Were My Girl” (Summer: lead vocal) produced by Mike Chapman, Tri-Star Pictures (1988)

Twins “No Way of Knowing” (Summer: producer, lead vocal, some instruments) Universal Pictures, WTG (1988)

Queens Logic “Fooled Around and Fell in Love” (Summer: lead vocal) New Line Cinema, Epic (1991)

Sniper “Medicine Man” and “Turn It Up” (Summer: composer, producer, lead vocal) Columbia Pictures (1993)

Striking Distance “The Boys and the Girls are Doin’ it” (Summer: lead vocal) Columbia Tri-Star Pictures (1993)

The Raffle “I Wish I Had A Girl” (Summer: composer, lead vocal) Capstone Pictures (1994)


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

