When I was new to torrenting, I ripped my albums to mp3 at somewhere between 64-128 kbps to save space. Since then, I have had many requests for certain albums at a higher bit rate. This is one of those albums. Many of these are already available at lower bit rates as part of certain compilations I’ve put out, but the requests for higher quality have mounted, so here ya go. All albums are ripped to 320 kbps mp3, and are properly tagged and labeled.

Rambam1776


Alex Beaton - Daft Ditties (Scottish Musical Comedy) 320 kb

1     Big Nellie May
2     Dundee Weaver
3     The Hermit
4     Seven Drunken Nights
5     The Money Rolls In
6     Dear Boss
7     Wee Castanettes
8     Puddles
9     The Mermaid
10     The Jolly Tinker
11     The Bantam Cock
12     Maids When You're Young 
http://www.alexbeaton.com/index.htm

Alex Beaton is North America's most popular and beloved Scottish folksinger. Alex's impressive musical career spans four decades and includes the creation of Glenfinnan Music, which offers a collection of nineteen albums dedicated to traditional Scottish music and a triple feature DVD, Alex Beaton's Scotland: A Musical Travelogue of Scotland. 

Everywhere Alex performs, this quintessential entertainer delights audiences with his rich baritone voice, virtuoso guitar playing and engaging stage presence. Alex's talent is showcased by a body of music ranging from ballads such as "The Loch Tay Boat Song," to rousing anthems like "Flower of Scotland," to his classic children's favorite "Coulter's Candy."  

During a performance, Alex may share some fascinating bit of Scottish history to bring the music to life, or he may sarcastically acknowledge the audience's obvious appreciation of good music as they burst out in laughter when he sings a selection from his album Daft Ditties.  His quick wit and passion for his audiences have endeared him to both young and old alike.  

Alex is acknowledged by many of the Scottish and Celtic musicians performing at the various Scottish gatherings as the person responsible for introducing traditional music to the festivals.   

    "Alex is not only gracious enough to share his stage with other performers at the Scottish festivals," says Dudley Brian Smith of Smithfield Fair, a Celtic group from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, "he is the reason we get to be at the festivals. He is the trailblazer."   

Already a successful entertainer in the 1970s, Alex recognized a desire among American audiences for traditional Celtic music.  He knew that the natural outlet for his music was the Highland Games that take place nearly every weekend of the year all across the continent. After organizing Glenfinnan Music, he began focusing on establishing a market for the traditional singer in a venue long dominated by heavy athletics, pipers, and pipe bands.   Now, due in large part to Alex's efforts, the folksinger is there along with the athlete and the piper. 

Alex's musical talents, awareness of Scottish history, and his ability to connect with his audience combine to create the Alex Beaton experience rather than just a concert.  
