. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

               In.Search.Of.The.Perfect.Loaf.2010.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.04.04
              Genre...........: Documentary / Food

       Documentary which follows award-winning artisan baker Tom Herbert 
       in his search to bake a loaf that will win him first prize at the 
       National Organic Food Awards.
       
       Tom Herbert's family have been baking bread in the Cotswolds for 
       five generations. Tom started baking with his father and 
       grandfather and at 16 began his formal apprenticeship. Fresh out 
       of college, he won Young Baker of the Year and now, at 32, Tom 
       continues to win awards for the family firm, Hobbs House Bakery.
       
       Tom is passionate about handmade bread and critical of what he 
       describes as the 'plastic-wrapped pap' of the mass-produced bread 
       market. However, given that sales of handmade bread only account 
       for 2 per cent of the market, Tom has his work cut out if he is to 
       convert more people to the joys of handmade bread.
       
       Tom's quest to make the perfect loaf takes him to Cornwall to meet 
       archaeologist Jacquie Wood, to learn how our ancestors might have 
       baked bread. At the medieval water mill at Stanway House in 
       Gloucestershire he meets Professor Brian Reuben, a leading 
       authority on the history of bread, and he visits Brackman's Jewish 
       bakery in Salford run by third generation baker, Andrew Adelman. 
       Here, Tom learns how to make the specialist Jewish bread challah 
       and meets the rabbi who, on his daily inspection of the baking 
       methods and ingredients, ensures that they conform to Jewish 
       religious law.
       
       Tom's journey helps him to come up with what he hopes will be a 
       competition-winning loaf for the National Organic Food Awards - a 
       huge two-kilo, white, spelt, sourdough loaf made using his 
       family's 40-year-old sourdough, organic spelt from Somerset, 
       Cornish sea salt and Cotswold water from a local spring. Tom names 
       it 'The Shepherd's Loaf'. But while it's his perfect loaf, will 
       the judges agree?


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai