Title: The Round Up aka La Rafle
Year: 2010 
Country: France / Germany / Hungary
Language: French and German and Yiddish
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Drama / History / War
Runtime: 115 min
Resolution: 640 X 272
Bitrates: 448kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Roselyne Bosch
Starring: Jean Reno            ...  Dr. David Sheinbaum
          Mélanie Laurent      ...  Annette Monod
	  Gad Elmaleh          ...  Schmuel Weismann
	  Raphaëlle Agogué     ...  Sura Weismann
	  Hugo Leverdez        ...  Jo Weismann
	  Joseph Weismann      ...  Joseph Weismann âgé
	  Oliver Cywie         ...  Simon Zygler
	  Mathieu Di Concerto  ...  Nono Zygler
	  Romain Di Concerto   ...  Nono Zygler
	  Sylvie Testud        ...  Bella Zygler
	  Anne Brochet         ...  Dina Traube
	  Roland Copé          ...  Maréchal Pétain
	  Jean-Michel Noirey   ...  Pierre Laval
	  Rebecca Marder       ...  Rachel Weismann
	  Adèle Exarchopoulos  ...  Anna Traube

IMDB Link:      
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1382725/

Synopis: 1942. Joseph is eleven. And this June morning, he must go to school, a yellow star sown on his chest. He receives the support of a goods dealer. The mockery of a baker. Between kindness and contempt, Jo, his Jewish friends, their families, learn of life in an occupied Paris, on the Butte Montmartre, where they've taken shelter. At least that's what they think, until that morning on July 16th 1942, when their fragile happiness is toppled over. From the Vélodrome D'Hiver, where 13 000 Jews are crammed, to the camp of Beaune-La-Rolande, from Vichy to the terrace of the Berghof, La Rafle follows the real destinies of the victims and the executioners. Of those who orchestrated it all. Of those who trusted them. Of those who fled. Of those who opposed them. Every character in this film has existed. Every event, even the most extreme, transpired on that summer of 1942. (IMDB)



THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLE IN ENGLISH. 


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                              
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ	