File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd recorder: TEAC    DV-W28E
Cd Ripper: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tpb.tracker.thepiratebay.org:80/announce;
Torrent Hash: 0034A0207723529A19B37E2AE5937E2945EC2038
File Size: 941.41 Mb
Label: Virgin 



Albums and Years in this Torrent: 


Leahy 1997
Lakefield 2001
In All Things 2004





Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Leahy is the name of a Canadian folk music group. The eight band members, all from the Leahy family of eleven siblings, are from Lakefield, Ontario and have been actively touring Canada and internationally since the early 1980s when they were known as The Leahy Family.

The line-up of the group varies depending upon the availability of its members who come and go due to marriage, raising children, and other commitments. During the 1980s and early 1990s, the band recorded a number of privately-released LPs and cassettes (most of which used the same title, The Leahy Family) which were sold at their concerts and they were frequent guests at the Big Valley Jamboree concerts in Saskatchewan and Alberta.

In 1997 the band resumed recording with their "relaunch" album, Leahy which also introduced the group's new branding. Leahy was an instrumental album, but the band also includes vocal performances in their live performances and subsequent albums have included both vocals and instrumentals.

Despite their already-established history, they were awarded two Juno awards in 1998, for Best New Group and Best Instrumental Artist. The following year, Leahy took a third Juno Award, for Best Country Group or Duo. Also in 1998, Leahy were added as the opening act for Canadian country singer Shania Twain's 1998 Come on Over Tour and were featured in two television specials from the tour, Live and The Specials, performing with Twain on the song "Don't Be Stupid (You Know I Love You)".

The group's members are both instrumentalists and dancers, with several members skilled in fiddle-playing (most notably the group's best-known member, Donnell Leahy). The female members of the band often perform step-dancing-style routines, and it is generally the female members of the group who sing.

All members of the band are siblings. Each member has a main role they play in the band; although most play more than one instrument and all step dance.

•	Donnell Leahy — Fiddle
•	Erin Leahy — Piano, Guitar, Fiddle, Mandolin, Vocals, Bass
•	Angus Leahy — Fiddle
•	Maria Leahy — Guitar, Banjo, Vocals
•	Siobheann Donohue (née Leahy) — Bass, Vocals, Fiddle
•	Doug Leahy — Fiddle
•	Agnes Enright (née Leahy) — Keyboards, Step dancer, Vocals
•	Frank Leahy — Drums

These three sisters are not currently active in the band's touring schedule.

•	Denise Leahy — Vocals (performed with group summer 2009)
•	Chrissie Leahy — Keyboards
•	Julie Leahy — Vocals








Leahy 1997



Tracks: 


B Minor
Cape Breton Medley
McBrides
The French
The Call to Dance
Alabama
Don Messer Medley
Czardas
Colm Quigley
The Coulin 









Lakefield 2001



Tracks: 


Mission
Seamus (Eamon Coyne’s, Longford Collector)
Down the Road
DA (Stoney Lake & Juniper Island)
Moment
Leviathan (Rapids, Leviathan)
Don’t Let Me Down
A Love Never Known
G Minor Medley
Borrowed Time
Stand Up
The Skater








In All Things 2004



Tracks: 


Chasing Rain
Little Ditty
High Places
Wedding Day Jig
Coyote Way
Clog Medley
Pointe Au Pic Medley
Runaway
I Want You to Know
Gzowski Medley





Enjoy :)
