Lou Donaldson - The Midnight Creeper 
Audio CD: May 23, 2000 
Format: Original recording reissued, Original recording remastered 
Label: Blue Note Records 
Quality: CBR 320 kbps

Featuring Lonnie Smith on the Organ, Idris Muhammad on Drums, Blue Mitchell on trumpet, and a young George Benson on guitar and recorded in \'68, Midnight Creeper was one among a handful of albums w/ funky crossover tracks that Bluesy Charlie Parker disciple Lou Donaldson recorded in the late \'60s. - - While Blue Note co-habitant Horace Silver and Riverside rival Cannonball Adderly explored the \"straighter\" sides of gospelly soul Jazz, it was the likes of Herbie Mann, Lou Donaldson and an entire school of Donaldson disciples like Big John Patton, Grant Green, Reuben Wilson and Lonnie Smith who all out embraced the James Brown school of funk, often taking the timeless 12 bar blues tradition of the B-3 (as interpreted by the likes of Jimmy Smith, Jack McDuff and Jimmy McGriff) and adding a latin tinged funk beat known as Boogaloo - - the rest is history.
Tunes on this album start with Midnight Creeper, built on Donaldson\'s famous Alligator Boogaloo format (which he claims was just nothing but a 12 bar blues with a good name !), the groovy yet gospelly Love Power, the Mellow and Jazzy Elizabeth, the Lonnie Smithish funkfest Bag of Jewels (if you dig it, check out Lonnie Smith\'s LIVE AT CLUB MOZAMBIQUE, MOVE YOUR HAND, as well as the music of Leon Spencer) and finally a funky blues grind \'n shuffle called Daper Dan.

Today a young generation of organists such as Adam Scone and Soulive have made efforts to pick up on this distinctly funky Blue Note sound, yet I\'m sure you\'ll agree after getting wiped away by this classic soul Jazz recording, the Turbonator and Sweet Poppa will never be out done.

(P.S. If you\'re surprized to hear this young incarnation of George Benson giving Melvin Sparks a run for his money, check him out on the late great Jack McDuff\'s LIVE circa 1963 !) ~ Eddie Landsberg

This is my fave Lou Donaldson disc, but not because of Lou (who\'s playing is so ultimately relaxed here that it almost falls off of Rudy Van Gelder\'s tape). For me, the album is really all about Lonnie Smith. On this particular session he was at his grooviest, peeling off one tasty riff after another. His cool yet smokin\' touch on the B3 keeps everyone on track and in like-minded fashion. The underrated Blue Mitchell plays it from the soul this time around, all slippery funk/blues. It\'s also nice to have George Benson on board whipping up some classy licks of his own. Along with Idris Muhammad\'s understated beat, the entire crew is just so very locked into the mode that this short(36:10) but killer album is the very definition of \"Blue Note Rare Groove\". The tune \"Bag of Jewels\" really lives up to it\'s name, a groovy little track that is straight outa \'68. Dig it! ~ The Philly Kid

Personnel:
Lou Donaldson (alto saxophone);
George Benson (guitar);
Blue Mitchell (trumpet);
Dr. Lonnie Smith (organ);
Leo Morris (drums).

Lou Donaldson - The Midnight Creeper Tracks:
01  Midnight Creeper 
02  Love Power
03  Elizabeth
04  Bag of Jewels
05  Dapper Dan 