Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Midnight Rider" is a popular and widely covered song by The Allman Brothers Band, from their album Idlewild South. Written by Gregg Allman and Robert Payne, the song has become a fixture of the band's live performances and an enduring standard. Renditions by Joe Cocker, Gregg Allman himself, and Willie Nelson have all reached the charts as singles.

"Midnight Rider" uses traditional folk and blues themes of desperation, determination, and a man on the run:

    I've got one more silver dollar,
    But I'm not gonna let 'em catch me, no ...
    Not gonna let 'em catch
    The midnight rider.

The verses arrangement features Duane Allman's acoustic guitar carrying the song's changes, underpinned by a congas-led rhythm section and soft, swirling organ. Dickey Betts' lead guitar phrases ornament the choruses and the instrumental break, while Gregg Allman's powerful, soulful singing, featuring harmony-producing reverb, has led to the song becoming known by some as Allman's signature piece. Music writer Jean-Charles Costa stated in 1973 that, "'Midnight Rider' has been recorded by other bands and it's easy to see why. The verse construction, the desperate lyrics, and the taut arrangement make it standout material," while musician and writer Bill Janovitz said that the recording successfully blended elements of blues, country music, soul music, and Southern rock.

"Midnight Rider" has been a concert staple for the band in decades since; it is usually played fairly closely to the original template, and is not used as the basis for long jams.

"Midnight Rider" was never released as a single by The Allman Brothers Band, but it has charted four times in subsequent recordings.

In November 1972, British rock singer Joe Cocker, who specialized in treating recently-written songs by others, released a version on his album Joe Cocker, the single from which reached #27 on the Billboard Hot 100; it was billed as Joe Cocker with The Chris Stainton Band.

In Fall 1973, Gregg Allman released a re-imagined version of the song on his first solo album, Laid Back, that featured the addition of horns and a solo rather than harmony vocal line. It reached #19 on the Billboard Hot 100 in early 1974.

In early 1976, a reggae version by the Jamaican singer, Paul Davidson, reached #10 in the UK Singles Chart.

In 1980, Willie Nelson recorded a cover of the song for inclusion in the soundtrack to the film The Electric Horseman. Nelson's version was released as a single, and peaked at #6 on the Hot Country Singles chart. Nelson later re-released the song in 2004 as a duet with Toby Keith, although this rendition did not chart.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/