LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
FORMAT AVI
SIZE/RES 480x272[wide screen]
runtime 109.56mins
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp25

AUDIO CODEC MP3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
info  123 kb/s tot , Joint Stereo


Over the film's opening credits, two men are ambushed in separate locations and murdered, their ledgers stolen from their bodies by the unseen killers. Later, in a covered waiting area of a bus terminal, a disturbed young man is approached by Goodkat (Bruce Willis), who tells the story of Max, a family man who bets borrowed money on a fixed horse race while his son waited in the car. Unknown to Max, the mobsters financing the fix discover others betting on it and, to set an example, murder Max, his wife and his son Henry. As Goodkat concludes the story, he promptly snaps the man's neck in the bus terminal and puts him in the back of a truck.

In New York City, Slevin Kelevra (Josh Hartnett) answers the door to his friend's apartment and meets neighbor Lindsey (Lucy Liu), who observes that Slevin is not Nick Fisher, the apartment's renter. Slevin relates that he lost his job, found out his apartment was condemned, and caught his girlfriend cheating on him so he decided to visit Nick in New York. After arriving in the city he is mugged and punched in the nose. Slevin confesses he has not seen Nick, and that the apartment was unlocked when he arrived.

Moments later after Lindsey leaves for work, there is another knock at the door and Slevin is kidnapped by two henchmen, Sloe and Elvis (Mykelti Williamson, Dorian Missick) who take him to The Boss (Morgan Freeman), a powerful mafia lord who has mistaken Slevin for Nick and orders him to repay Nick's hefty $96,000 debt which was borrowed from Slim Hopkins, one of the men killed in the opening sequence and a bookie who worked for the Boss. As compensation, the Boss offers Slevin the option of murdering Yitzchok the fairy, the homosexual son of rival Jewish mafia lord Schlomo The Rabbi (Ben Kingsley), the Boss's former partner supposedly responsible for murdering the Boss' son. As Slevin leaves to consider his options, the Boss meets with Goodkat, whom he has hired to kill Yitzchok and had asked the Boss to call on Nick. As Slevin leaves the building, we see that the police are watching and decided to alert Detective Brikowski that there is a new man (Slevin) in town.

Slevin returns to Nick's apartment. Slevin looks at the newspaper and reads about Slim Hopkins' mysterious disappearance. Lindsey goes back to her apartment to answer her phone, then Slevin is again kidnapped by henchmen, this time two orthodox Jews. They explain that the Boss and the Rabbi used to be partners but now neither of them leave their penthouse apartments "for fear of what the other will do to him." The Rabbi also mistakes Slevin for Nick and also demands he pays Nick's sizeable $33,000 debt to him within 48 hours. As Slevin leaves, Goodkat appears and confirms that the Rabbi will pay him to kill the Boss. The Rabbi also reveals that he knows Slevin was not Nick. Goodkat claims that he has unfinished business with Slevin and that's why he asked the Rabbi to call on him.

At Nick's apartment, Lindsey updates Slevin about her reconnaissance at the hotel, tracing the phone calls to the room of Mr. Smith, whom she discreetly photographs with her cell phone. Showing Slevin the photograph of Smith, now revealed as Goodkat, Slevin says he doesn't recognize him. Lindsey follows Smith to an apartment building, waits, and sees Slevin come out an hour later with the two Hassidic henchmen. Slevin fills Lindsey in on his day and his debts.

Slevin returns to the Boss and agrees to kill the Fairy. The Boss gives him three days, Slevin asks for a week and the Boss asks him to play him in chess for the extra time. The Boss tells Slevin what Goodkat had told him about the Fairy's body guards: former Mossad agents that shadow him. The Fairy's Star of David pendant is an alarm which the guards respond to in 4 seconds. The Boss suggests that Slevin approach the Fairy romantically to get inside his apartment. Goodkat reveals his plan for Slevin to kill the Fairy and Goodkat to kill Slevin and make it look like a gay lovers suicide pact. Slevin lets the Boss win the chess match. Detective Brikowski (Stanley Tucci) is now watching Slevin personally and learns that Goodkat is in town. Goodkat is a professional hitman who hasn't worked in New York in 20 years.

Slevin returns to Nick's apartment where Lindsey reveals that she is a coroner who saw Benny Begin dead in the morgue. Begin was the other man who was killed in the opening credits and was a bookie working for the Rabbi. Lindsey and Detective Brikowski discussed how Begin was killed by a fastball to the head. Brikowski confides in Lindsey that Begin used to be his bookie. The other two men killed alongside Begin were poisoned. Lindsey thinks that Nick set Slevin up to take his place when he couldn't repay his debts and killed Slim and Benny because they were the only ones who knew what he looked like. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0425210/


PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY