THE BIG LEBOWSKI nl sub + soundtrack


When "The Dude" Lebowski is mistaken for a millionaire Lebowski, two thugs urinate on his rug to coerce him into paying a debt he knows nothing about.
 While attempting to gain recompense for the ruined rug from his wealthy counterpart, he accepts a one-time job with high pay-off. He enlists the help of his bowling buddy, Walter, a gun-toting Jewish-convert with anger issues. 
Deception leads to more trouble, and it soon seems that everyone from porn empire tycoons to nihilists want something from The Dude
INFO:
[url]http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118715/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/309

THE BIG LEBOWSKI SOUNDTRACK

1. "The Man in Me" – written and performed by  Bob Dylan
2. "Her Eyes Are A Blue Million Miles" – written and performed by Captain Beefheart
3. "My Mood Swings" – written by Elvis Costello and Cait O'Riordan; performed by Costello
4. "Ataypura" – written by Moises Vivanco; performed by Yma Sumac
5. "Traffic Boom" – written and performed by Piero Piccioni
6. "I Got It Bad & That Ain't Good" – written by Duke Ellington and Paul Francis Webster; performed by Nina Simone
7. "Stamping Ground" – written by Louis T. Hardin; performed by Moondog with orchestra
 8. "Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)" – written by Mickey Newbury; performed by Kenny Rogers & The First Edition
 9. "Walking Song" – written and performed by Meredith Monk
10. "Glück das mir verblieb" from Die tote Stadt – written and conducted by Erich Wolfgang Korngold; performed by Ilona Steingruber, Anton Dermota and the Austrian State Radio Orchestra
11. "Lujon" – written and performed by Henry Mancini.
12. "Hotel California" – written by Don Henley, Glenn Frey and Don Felder; performed by The Gipsy Kings
13. "Technopop (Wie Glauben)" – written and performed by Carter Burwell. The character Uli Kunkel was in the German electronic band Autobahn, a homage to the 1970s band Kraftwerk. The album cover of their record Nagelbett (nail bed) is a parody of the Kraftwerk album cover for The Man-Machine and the group name Autobahn shares the name of a Kraftwerk song and album.
14. "Dead Flowers" – written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards; performed by Townes van Zandt
INFO: 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118715/soundtrack
---------------------------------------------------------------------
INJOY THE MOVIE :) 


