Product Description

Get started in web development using PHP. Even if you've never programmed before, author Jason Lengstorf introduces you to PHP by building a PHP-based blogging site while covering all the good coding practices and skills that you'll need when you start your own projects.
Create web content with version 5.3 of PHP
Learn good coding practices from the very beginning
Learn how systems like WordPress work

Jason Lengstorf takes a practical approach to teaching you how to build a content management system. You'll dive into writing web applications and be guided by the author's supportive explanations, rather than learning elements of the PHP language and viewing examples after.

PHP for Absolute Beginners starts slowly and covers everything you need to know about beginning web development using PHP. Even the most inexperienced web developer will find this book accessible.
What you'll learn
Install Apache, MySQL, and PHP
Navigate the PHP language
Learn the basics of writing clean code
Talk to a database
Make a PHP site more secure
Create a complete blogging site

Who is this book for?

PHP for Absolute Beginners is written for the complete novice; no previous coding knowledge is assumed, and all concepts are explained to ensure maximum understanding.

However, later chapters in the book may appeal to intermediate programmers looking to improve their abilities in the area of developing content management systems or those interested in making the move from procedural code to the more modular object-oriented approach.


About the Author

Jason Lengstorf is a software designer and developer based in Missoula, MT. As the owner of Ennui Design, he specializes in creating custom web applications, ranging from simple informational web sites to full-fledged content management systems. When not glued to his keyboard, he's likely standing in line for coffee, shopping for cowboy shirts, or pretending to know something about wine.
Product Details
Paperback: 400 pages
Publisher: Apress (September 25, 2009)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1430224738
ISBN-13: 978-1430224730