File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"You Raise Me Up" is a popular song in the inspirational mould. The music was written by Secret Garden's Rolf Løvland and the lyrics by Brendan Graham. The song has now been covered more than 125 times.

The song was originally written as an instrumental piece and titled "Silent Story." The melody is based on a traditional Irish tune (especially the opening phrase of its chorus), the Londonderry Air, which is best known as the usual tune to the 1910 song Danny Boy. Løvland approached Irish novelist and songwriter Brendan Graham to write the lyrics to his melody after reading Graham's novels. It was originally released on the 2002 Secret Garden album "Once in a Red Moon," with the vocals sung by Irish singer Brian Kennedy, and sold well in both Ireland and Norway. Originally, Brian Kennedy was supposed to follow Secret Garden on their Asian tour in 2002, but fell ill, and could not attend. He was replaced by Norwegian singer Jan Werner Danielsen, who also later recorded the song together with Secret Garden, but it was never released.

Westlife, together with original composer Secret Garden, performed the song at the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize concert.

Westlife is an Irish pop group formed on 3 July 1998. The group's original lineup comprised Mark Feehily, Shane Filan, Kian Egan, Nicky Byrne and Brian McFadden, who left in 2004. Though none of Westlife's members play an instrument full-time, Egan plays guitar on stage, and Byrne has been seen to play drums. Filan and Feehily sing lead vocals. - The group is the only act in UK history to have their first seven singles go straight to Number 1, and they have gone on to sell over 45 million records worldwide which includes their studio, single, video, and compilation albums. Inexplicably, despite the group's worldwide success, they've only had one U.S. hit on the Billboard Hot 100 charts: "Swear It Again," which made it to #20 in 2000.

Westlife were originally signed by Simon Cowell and are currently managed by Louis Walsh. In 2008, they were declared as Ireland's ninth-richest celebrities under 30 years old and 13th in general. They garnered 14 number one singles in the United Kingdom, the third-highest in UK history, tying with Cliff Richard and trailing behind only Elvis Presley and The Beatles. The group has also broken a few top records, including "Music artist with most consecutive number 1's in the UK" and the "Biggest selling arena act in the Wembley Arena". 

Over years of their career, Westlife's music has evolved from teen pop to a pop sound, with an emphasis on ballads. Most of the group's hits have been composed by experienced songwriters, most notably Steve Mac and Wayne Hector.

On 1 June 2008, Westlife marked their 10th anniversary with a concert in Croke Park, Dublin which saw more than 83,000 fans attending the special occasion. Music Week revealed on their website that Westlife is the official third top touring act within the years 2005–2008, while they were 7th top touring act of 2008.

Face to Face was the seventh album by Irish boyband Westlife and it was released in the UK on 31 October 2005. The album contains many pop songs along with some dance oriented tracks. The first single from the album was a cover of the Secret Garden hit, "You Raise Me Up". It was this single that brought the band back into the limelight after their ratpack-tribute Allow Us to Be Frank 2004 album. The second single released was a cover version of "When You Tell Me That You Love Me" and was recorded as a duet with the original singer, the legendary Diana Ross. The final single released was "Amazing", an original mid-tempo song. "That's Where You Find Love" was released as a radio promotional single in The Philippines in support for the band's Face to Face Asian Tour 2006. While "Hit You With The Real Thing" charted in New Zealand iTunes in support of their Back Home Tour in 2008. The album also includes a cover of The Eagles classic "Desperado" along with one Backstreet Boys bonus track from their 2005 album, Never Gone, "Colour My World" and a Nick Carter solo song, "Heart Without A Home". The "Face to Face" album became Westlife's fifth UK number-one album in seven years, selling 1.3 million in the United Kingdom and over 6 million worldwide. Became, #7 and #129 in UK Year-end albums chart for 2005 and 2006 respectively. It was also the biggest selling album from Sony BMG Entertainment in 2005. It remained at #1 on the Australian ARIA charts for 4 weeks in March 2006 and was the 25th highest selling album of 2006 in Australia.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

