This remarkable BBC miniseries was aired on BBC4 from Nov 29, 2009 to Dec 03. It was originally upped on thebox.bz by ‘evil-koala’, and I have included his notes and stats. Thanks to that great capper for this series.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1365539/

DRAMA: The Queen PART ONE
On: Channel 4
Date: Sunday 29th November 2009 
Time: 21:00 to 22:00 

Five leading British actresses play the Queen at pivotal times in her life, as this ground-breaking series examines Britain's social history through key events in her reign. When, after the sudden death of her father, the Queen was catapulted on to the throne in 1952, she had no inkling that the greatest scandal she was about to face would come from within her own household. Her sister Princess Margaret had fallen in love with a divorced royal servant, Group Captain Peter Townsend, equerry to her late father, King George VI. This first episode in the series tells the story of how, under the Queen's nose, the affair developed, exploding into public view at the time of the coronation. When Princess Margaret brushed fluff from her lover's lapel, it was a gesture so intimate it was clear to all who witnessed it that the two were closely involved. There were many voices opposed within the palace. Alan "Tommy" Lascelles, the Queen's private secretary, said Townsend's behaviour was a "disgrace to his office." Townsend was banished and exiled abroad to the embassy in Brussels. But outside the palace, things were changing. The new Prime Minister, Anthony Eden, who replaced Winston Churchill in 1955, was himself divorced. A draft announcement was drawn up confirming the marriage would take place. Margaret would even keep her royal privileges should she marry Townsend. This film features an unseen hand-written letter sent by Princess Margaret to Eden on 15 August 1955, which shows that Margaret genuinely believed the decision to marry Townsend would be hers alone: "At the end of October... I very much hope to be in a position to tell you and the other Commonwealth Prime Ministers what I intend to do". Would the Queen look backwards, to the pre-war world when a royal marriage to a divorcee had resulted in the scandal of the abdication, or forward to the modern world by supporting her sister, and allowing her to follow her heart? Continues tomorrow.
(Part 1 of 5)

Director: Edmund Coulthard
Starring: Emilia Fox, Katie McGrath, Tristan Sturrock, Simon Williams, Robert Bathurst, Guy Williams

DRAMA: The Queen PART TWO
On: Channel 4 )    
Date: Monday 30th November 2009 

Five leading British actresses play the Queen at pivotal times in her life, as this ground-breaking series examines Britain's social history through key events in her reign. Britain came as close to becoming a republic in the early 1970s as it has ever done in modern times. The polls recorded the highest figures ever for those who were opposed to the monarchy. For the first time, the royal family was under pressure to be accountable to the people, in terms of how they lived their lives and spent their money. The country was beset with industrial action, rising unemployment and inflation; and on 14 November 1973, the day of Princess Anne's marriage to Captain Mark Philips, a state of emergency was declared. There was even talk of putting troops on to the streets to calm the situation: the first time this would have happened since the General Strike, nearly half a century earlier. This episode examines how the Queen, two decades into her reign, faced her greatest challenges yet, and was at her most vulnerable. Governments came and went, and the Queen had to make friends of her enemies across the political divide. Meanwhile there was an ongoing terrorist threat from the IRA carrying out murderous bomb attacks on the British mainland; the civil list was running out; the Queen was desperately short of money, and there was a dangerous kidnap attempt on Princess Anne, which resulted in two people being shot. Examining a little-known period of the Queen's reign, this film reveals just how much danger she and her family were in and how - ultimately - the Queen, with her quiet diplomacy, triumphed. Continues tomorrow.
(Part 2 of 5)

Director: Edmund Coulthard
Starring: Abby Ford, Ryan Quish, Samantha Bond, Nicholas Le Prevost, Philip Jackson, Jonathan Hyde

DRAMA: The Queen PART THREE
On: Channel 4 (104)    
Date: Tuesday 1st December 2009 

Five leading British actresses play the Queen at pivotal times in her life, as this ground-breaking series examines Britain's social history through key events in her reign. This episode lifts the lid on the hidden conflict between the Queen and her first female Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher. It examines, for the first time on television, what Andrew Neil, the former editor of the Sunday Times, describes as "the biggest constitutional crisis of the Queen's reign." The Queen and Mrs Thatcher were the two most powerful women in Britain and their strained relationship reached boiling point on 20 July 1986, when the Sunday Times published an explosive front cover story. The article revealed what was claimed to be the Queen's opinion of Mrs Thatcher, and it made for uncomfortable reading in Downing Street. The Queen was portrayed as being fundamentally opposed to Mrs Thatcher's policies, and as being concerned about the "uncaring and divisive" nature of the Thatcher regime. What had brought things to a head was the issue of sanctions against South Africa. The Queen felt extremely protective about her beloved Commonwealth, who were lobbying for Britain to stand up to apartheid. Mrs Thatcher's refusal to countenance sanctions meant that many countries were threatening to boycott the Commonwealth Games, which were to take place the following month in Edinburgh. The clock was ticking and the Games were threatening to become a public relations disaster, damaging Britain's standing at home and abroad. Continues tomorrow.
(Editor's Choice, Part 3 of 5, Subtitles)

Director: Patrick Reams
Starring: Susan Jameson, Lesley Manville, Clive Francis, Peter Davison, Roger Alborough, Paul Clayton

DRAMA: The Queen PART FOUR
On: Channel 4   
Date: Wednesday 2nd December 2009 
Time: 21:00 to 22:00 

Five leading British actresses play the Queen at pivotal times in her life, as this ground-breaking series examines Britain's social history through key events in her reign. The Queen's Annus Horribilis of 1992 turned the spotlight on her role as Head of the Royal Family and revealed how the Queen coped with a catalogue of scandals involving her family which, until then, had been perceived as a model for the nation. It was - the Queen admitted after the fire in Windsor Castle - the most difficult year for her and her family since she came to the throne. A year in which, every month, the newspapers seized upon yet another disaster that had beset the House of Windsor. It signalled a pivotal moment when the age of deference seemed finally to have disappeared. In the tabloid press it was now open season on the royals. This episode examines how the Queen dealt with this most difficult year, and how by the end even she had to admit that enough was enough. It focuses in particular on what came to be seen by many within the palace as "the enemy within," the Queen's daughter-in-law Princess Diana. As a result of her involvement with Andrew Morton's book, Diana shattered the public image of the royal family. Royal insiders reveal how the palace plotted to ditch Diana, in the same way they had ditched Sarah Ferguson, and how, whether she liked it or not, the Queen had to become embroiled in the "War of the Wales". Concludes tomorrow.
(Part 4 of 5)

Director: Patrick Reams
Starring: Barbara Flynn, Emily Hamilton, Lucy Chalkley, Paul Rhys, Dominic Jephcott, Ian Shaw

The Queen PART FIVE
Highlight

Thursday 03 December
9:00pm - 10:00pm
Channel 4
5/5

It's hard now to recall all the fuss about whether the Queen would, or even should, meet her son's mistress, the then Camilla Parker Bowles, after the death of Princess Diana. But the final part of this lively drama documentary will bring it all back - the fervid media coverage of the Prince of Wales's relationship with Mrs Parker Bowles and the Queen's resolute refusal even to be in the same room with her. It's easy to sympathise with Diana Quick's imperious but pragmatic and good-hearted monarch as she finally decides that, whatever her views on divorce, she must allow Camilla into the royal family as her son's wife. 


--- File Information ---                               
File Name:             the queen e05 evil-koala.avi                     
File Size:             416,962,560                     
                                                      
--- Container Information ---                          
Base Type:             AVI(.AVI)                 
                                                      
--- Video Information ---                              
Video Codec Name:      XviD 1.0.3              
Duration:              48:56.520                
frame Width (pixels):  624                  
frame Height (pixels): 336                  
Pixel Aspect Ratio:    1.000                     
Display Aspect Ratio:  1.857                     
frames Per Second:     25.000          
Video Bitrate (kbps):  998                 
                                                      
--- Audio Information ---                              
Audio Codec:           0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3                   
Audio Sample Rate(Hz): 48000             
Audio Bitrate(kbps):   128                 
Audio Channel Count:   2
