Chilla - Timebomb (Hosted By DJ ON & ON)

Tracklist

01. Intro
02. Here We Go
03. I Get Dough (Ft. Ahmir)
04. On My G-Rind (Ft. Millyz & Ahmir)
05. My Buisness (Ft. Greed & Rod)
06. Fresh To Death
07. I'm Too Strong (Ft. Ahmir)
08. I'm From The Bean (Ft. Bay Holla, BR & Mizzo)
09. Warriors (Ft. Rod & Greed)
10. Diamond In The Rough
11. Soul Searching
12. Forgiven (Ft. Ahmir)
13. The Story
14. Can't Stop The Rain
15. Downward Spiral
16. Lonely Day
17. What's Really Going On (Ft. Millyz & Ahmir)
18. Remember Me
19. Time Bomb (Ft. Fly-C)
20. Outro
21. What's Really Goin On (Remix Ft. Millyz, Whispers, Lunox & Ahmir)

Artist Bio 

Hip-hop is many different things to many different people. For those who listen, it is a form of entertainment...For those who don't, it is just another meaningless genre of music for which people are extorted by the industry that controls it...For those who make it, or, for at least one who makes it, it is a gateway to self-expression, emotional realization, and the release of a passion strong enough to overturn the world and everything in it. This one, is Chilla Jones. Born Jerome Isaiah Jones, Chilla for the past 4 years has been creating and crafting a style all his own. He is known for his slick, sly wordplay and his own signature technique known as 'Haymaker rap'. This style varies from punchlines in that, it doesn't use the word "like" in it's play on certain words and phrases. Therefore, it has a more surprising effect on the listener, and it's also harder to detect than standard "Punchline rap". A true student of the game, A large part of Chilla's lyrical foundation is derived from such albums as Nas' "Illmatic", Jay-Z's "Blueprint", Fabolous' "Ghetto Fabolous", Busta Rhymes' "Genesis", Talib Kweli's "Quality"and Eminem's "Marshall Mathers LP". A genius of 160+ IQ, Chilla prides himself on being able to include his vast vocabulary in his music as not only a more creative way to express himself, but as a way to inspire those to learn words they never would have encountered in their everyday lives. Chilla has already penned such deep, emotional and revealing ballads such as "On My Shoulders", for which he gained most of his earlier notoriety; as well as the cult favorite "I'm Sorry", a rock inspired tune on which he throws barbs at his father and sheds a little bit of light onto his childhood. "Jones: The Mixtape", Chilla's debut release under the TrackSlayerz Music Group imprint, has so far moved close to 2500 units combined in the Boston and Atlanta areas, and he was also invited to join other underground hip-hop musicians in the UK for a celebration this past summer! Chilla is currently readying the release of 2 more projects: One called "Freestyle Champ" (Available at DJ2Thirteen.com), which is a 'best of' style CD which brings the listener through 24 months of freestyles, and unreleased music, and the much more anticipated street album called "Timebomb", featuring some of Boston's most prominent names, including Ahmir, Fly-C, Millyz and more! As Chilla rises through the city ranks, and continues to take his place among Boston's elite, many things about his future are uncertain, but one thing is clear: His determination, drive and pursuit of perfection assure him a spot in the ranks of Hip-Hop History.


Contact Links

Chilla - myspace dot com / 1900mean16

The Trackslayerz (Producers) - myspace dot com / thetrackslayerz

DJ On & On - myspace dot com / dropitheavy