The Vampire Diaries Season 1 (2009-2010)

ALL "EZTV" rips!

One of the best shows I have ever seen! This is all 22 episodes of the amazing first season. PLEASE SEED. Thanks by vladtepes3176

PLOT:The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural–fantasy horror television series developed by Kevin Williamson, based on the book series of the same name by L. J. Smith. The series follows the life of Elena Gilbert (Nina Dobrev), who falls in love with vampire Stefan Salvatore (Paul Wesley) and quite possibly may develop feelings for his brother Damon Salvatore (Ian Somerhalder), also a vampire. The series also focuses on the lives of Elena's friends and other inhabitants of the fictional town of Mystic Falls, Virginia. The series is a mix of teen drama and the supernatural.

Cast & Characters:

:

Actor/Actress	Character	Character Description

Nina Dobrev	Elena Gilbert	A strong-willed and empathetic young woman.
Katherine Pierce	A vampire who had romantic relationships with both Stefan and Damon in 1864.

Paul Wesley	Stefan Salvatore	A vampire who is involved in a romantic 
relationship with Elena.

Ian Somerhalder	Damon Salvatore	Stefan's malevolent vampire brother who is intent on finding Katherine. He soon develops romantic feelings for Elena.

Steven R. McQueen	Jeremy Gilbert	Elena's adoptive younger brother. Later revealed to be her cousin.

Sara Canning	Jenna Sommers	Jeremy and Elena's aunt and legal guardian.

Katerina Graham	Bonnie Bennett	Elena's best friend and a witch.

Candice Accola	Caroline Forbes	Elena's shallow friend; daughter of the town's sheriff, Elizabeth Forbes.

Zach Roerig	Matt Donovan	Elena's childhood friend and ex-boyfriend. He later dates Caroline.

Kayla Ewell	Vicki Donovan	Matt's troubled older sister and girlfriend of Tyler and then Jeremy; turned into a vampire by Damon and staked by Stefan to protect Elena.

Michael Trevino	Tyler Lockwood	Vicki's ex-boyfriend and Jeremy's rival; son of the mayor of Mystic Falls. It is suggested that he, along with his father, is a supernatural being.

Matt Davis	Alaric Saltzman	Hired by Mystic Falls High School as a history teacher after Mr. Tanner's death; his wife Isobel was turned into a vampire by Damon.

Episodes:

"Pilot"
"The Night of the Comet"
"Friday Night Bites"
"Family Ties"
"You're Undead to Me"
"Lost Girls"
"Haunted"
"162 Candles"
"History Repeating"
"The Turning Point"
"Bloodlines"
"Unpleasantville"
"Children of the Damned"
"Fool Me Once"
"A Few Good Men"
"There Goes the Neighborhood"
"Let the Right One In"
"Under Control"
"Miss Mystic Falls"
"Blood Brothers"
"Isobel"
"Founder's Day"

PLEASE SEED! HELP GET THIS GOING! DON'T LEACH IT!!
Thanks vladtepes3176