DVDFab 7.0.3.0 Final Portable | 14 Mb

DVDFab Platinum is the most powerful and flexible DVD copying/burning software. With 8 copy modes, you can back up any DVD to DVDR in just a few clicks. DVDFab Platinum is brand new, is completely rewritten, is based on more than 6 years of DVD copy software development. DVDFab is simply the easiest way to copy a DVD movie. Just insert the movie and a blank DVD then press Start. Your entire movie – including menus, trailers and special features – is copied to a single DVD with just one click, and everything happens automatically. Backup your entire DVD – including menus, trailers, and special features – onto one or multiple discs.

Features:

DVD to DVD

8 DVD to DVD copy modes available: Full Disc, Main Movie, Split, Customize, Customize Split, Clone, Merge and Write Data

Full Disc: All movies, menus and trailers, is copied to a DVD with just one click

Main Movie: Just copy the movie, with specific audio/subpicture

Split: Copy a DVD-9 onto two DVD-5 discs with 100% quality, and preserve original menus on both discs. Ideal for episodic/season DVD movies, TV series, etc

Customize: Personalize your DVDs! Want to make a DVD with only your favorite titles? How about cutting out those annoying commercials? Or selecting specific audio/subpicture? No problem! You can select just your favorite titles, specify the title playback order, with or without original menus, to create a DVD with only the stuff you want!

Customize Split: Copy a DVD-9 onto two DVD-5 discs using “Customize” way. Ideal for episode/season DVD

Clone: Make perfect 1:1 bit-to-bit copy of DVDs:

Make perfect dual layer DVD copy by using the original layer break position

Copy data DVD disc, like PS2 DVD

Merge: Combine several titles of several sources into one DVD:

Combine two DVD-9 like “The Lord of the Rings” into one DVD-9

Merge season DVDs to fewer discs

Create your own special features collection disc

Write Data: Burn existing DVD folder or ISO image file to DVD writer, or convert DVD folder to ISO image file

Burn to any blank DVD Disc (DVD+R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R DL, DVD-R DL)

Constantly updated to support latest DVD burners and blank DVD discs

Website: http://www.dvdfab.com/dvd-to-dvd.htm


Installation:

1. Launch DVDFab and click the "Enter Register Code" button in the Trial 

dialog.

2. Copy and paste your registration key (in accompanying text file)