Artist:   Feeder
Title:    Renegades
Label:    Big Teeth Records
Genre:    Rock
Bitrate:  233kbit av.
Time:     00:38:26
Size:     67.45 mb
Rip Date: 2010-07-03
Str Date: 2010-07-05

01. White Lines                                                   2:54
02. Call Out                                                      3:27
03. Renegades                                                     3:37
04. Sentimental                                                   2:22
05. This Town                                                     2:57
06. Down To The River                                             5:23
07. Home                                                          3:11
08. Barking Dogs                                                  2:05
09. City In A Rut                                                 2:51
10. Left Foot Right                                               2:52
11. Godhead (Bonus Track)                                         3:35
12. The End                                                       3:12

Release Notes:

Thirteen years ago a very young and spritely three-piece from Cardiff
made their debut with an album called Polythene. It was a very heavy
record, owing much to the grunge/alt.rock glory days of Nirvana,
Dinosaur Jr and Smashing Pumpkins. That band was Feeder.

In the 13 years and five albums that followed, they've had much to deal
with. Shortly after their breakthrough in 2001 with Echo Park, original
drummer and founding member Jon Lee tragically cut short his own life.
Instead of calling time on the band, frontman Grant Nicholas and
bassist Taka Hirose decided to keep going and made three more albums -
Comfort In Sound, Pushing The Sense and Silent Cry - with Skunk Anansie
drummer Mark Richardson.

Now, following another drummer change - Karl Brazil is the new man
behind the drumkit as Richardson returns to his reformed old band -
they've decided to reinvent themselves. The hook-laden indie rock of
the past that brought them such hits as Buck Rogers and Feeling The
Moment has been shunned aside as they return full-circle to their
grunge roots. Renegades, which was also the name of their alter-ego
band that previewed new material earlier this year, is a drastic change
but it's also one that has given them a new lease of life. It's also
their first self-released album, after the creation of their label, Big
Teeth Records.

Renegades is a concise and consistent rock record that rarely fails to
thrill. From the opening salvo of White Lines right through to the
thundering climax of The End, with a mid-tempo lighters-in-the-air
anthem in-between courtesy of Down To The River, it'll no doubt make
old-school fans jump in the air with joy. Songs like Home find the band
at their most frantic-paced in years and songs like Sentimental deliver
deliciously heavy drop-D chords and a pounding bassline to boot.

There are two other main factors as to why this succeeds on so many
levels. Firstly, this is the first album since the death of Lee where
it has felt like Feeder have been able to turn a new page. Their
previous three records were poignant affairs, so to hear Nicholas
bellow songs like Barking Dogs and Left Foot Right is heartwarming.
Secondly, it's a change in direction that doesn't feel contrived or
forced - instead it feels like a natural step forward, the start of a
new chapter in the band's long career.

It remains to be seen whether this will hit the commercial heights that
Echo Park and Comfort In Sound achieved, but Feeder are rejuvenated
with fire in their belly. It is a genuine thrill to see a band overcome
so much tragedy and changes to regain their confidence. It feels like
being reunited with a close friend you've not seen for over a decade.
Renegades, quite unexpectedly, is one of the best British rock albums
you will hear all year.

Limited edition including 1 bonus track and in a nice hard-back case.
Enjoy!