Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Johnny B. Goode" is a famous 1958 rock and roll song by Chuck Berry. It reached #8 on the Billboard pop chart, and remains one of Berry's best known songs.

Ram It Down was the 11th studio album recorded and released by Judas Priest, which was released in 1988. Ram It Down was remastered in 2001, with two live tracks added.

In 1986, Judas Priest intended to record a double album called Twin Turbos of which half would be lighter, more commercial rock, and the other half would be similarly polished but heavier and less synth-driven. As it happened, record labels being notoriously timid about double albums, the project was split into two releases, with the heavier Twin Turbos material being relegated to this later album. While it largely failed to capture the metal public's approval, elements such as the more technical drumming, high speeds, and sci-fi themes prefigured their return-to-form classic, Painkiller. Judas Priest had also done a rendition of Chuck Berry's "Johnny B. Goode" for the movie Johnny Be Good, which was the only single from this album. This would be the final album involving long-time drummer Dave Holland and producer Tom Allom. Allom would later return as co-producer to the 2009 live release A Touch of Evil: Live.

The epic song "Blood Red Skies" has been described by Glenn Tipton as "Victim of Changes model 1988".

Judas Priest are an English heavy metal band from Birmingham, formed in 1969. Judas Priest's core line-up consists of bass player Ian Hill, vocalist Rob Halford and guitarists Glenn Tipton and K. K. Downing; their drummer is Scott Travis. They have been cited as an influence on many heavy metal musicians and bands. Their popularity and status as one of the definitive heavy metal bands has earned them the nickname "Metal Gods" from their song of the same name. They have sold over 35 million albums worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

