International Cricket Captain 2009 Ashes Edition: AU Review Yes, but what would Richie Benaud do? by Eliot Fish, IGN AU Australia, June 25, 2009 - Call me old, but this reviewer remembers being addicted to the very first International Cricket Captain in the late 1990s. Much like the early Championship Manager games, your imagination played a key role in bringing the game to life. The computer took care of the stat crunching and your brain filled in all those little details; such as the reasoning behind how Mark Waugh, one of Australia-s most gifted batsmen, could possibly go for a golden duck. Maybe he-d been up all night betting on greyhounds and wasn-t in the right frame of mind for a One Day International. Or maybe it was just the cheating game. Fast-forward to 2009 and we-re hunkered down in front of International Cricket Captain 2009, ready to simulate the upcoming Ashes test series. Amazingly, the game is exactly as we remember it. In fact, while Championship Manager has become Football Manager and incorporated a host of improvements over the years, International Cricket Captain has seemingly been stuck in a time warp. It looks pretty much the same. It plays pretty much the same. It even has similar problems to the very first incarnation. What-s been going on all these years? From what we can gather, International Cricket Captain has largely been getting by on database updates and bug fixes. Clearly, what it really needs is an entire overhaul of its clunky, dated interface. And that-s just for starters. If you-re new to the International Cricket Captain (ICC) series, here are the basics: You are the captain of the team (not that you actually wield the bat or bowl the ball, it-s more like a management role) with your responsibilities being to pick the squad and choose the team (er, which the selectors do in real life, but no matter); you dictate field placement, on a ball-by-ball basis if you desire; you rotate the bowlers as you see fit, and indicate how you want them to bowl (short, to offside or leg etc.); you set the aggressiveness of your batsmen, while keeping a keen eye on how settled they are out in the middle, and so on.
International Cricket Captain 2009 Pc 

 
http://www.EspaDD.com