Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Manhattan Clique (also known as MHC) are international producers and remixers Philip Larsen and Chris Smith. Since their first remix project in 2001 for Madonna producer Mirwais (Sony), the duo have worked with the likes of Kylie Minogue (Parlophone), Moby (Mute), Stereophonics (Universal), The B-52’s (Warner Bros) and Mylène Farmer (Polydor), as well as a wide variety of electronic acts from pioneers Human League and Soft Cell to more recent luminaries Goldfrapp, and Fischerspooner. Manhattan Clique co-wrote/produced Erasure frontman Andy Bell's ‘Electric Blue’ album, which included collaborations with Propaganda’s Claudia Brücken and Jake Shears, frontman of Scissor Sisters. Larsen has additionally won a Grammy award for his production on Kylie Minogue's ‘Come Into My World’, taken from her international best-selling ‘Fever’ album, and found favour with celebrated songwriter Dianne Warren with a Mary J. Blige outing. Moby personally insisted four tracks from his ‘Hotel’ album get new radio and club productions by Manhattan Clique, ultimately leading to a Number One single in France with ‘Slipping Away (Crier La Vie)’, a duet with Mylène Farmer. The duo were also the first to remix UK rock act Stereophonics, working on singles from their Number One album ‘Language. Sex. Violence. Other’.

Manhattan Clique continue to be in demand internationally as both producers and remixers, working with Russia’s biggest selling female artist Valeriya, and French megastar Mylène Farmer. Summer 2008 saw their remix of Farmer’s ‘Degeneration’ (Polydor) reach Number One in France. Current remix projects include the new single from LA-based artist Katy Perry (Capitol/Virgin), whose debut single has recently been Number One in the USA, UK and across much of Europe.

Manhattan Clique also operate boutique record label and management company Planet Clique, whose roster includes hotly-tipped Norwegian electro-rock act SuperJupiter, and have toured and DJ’d extensively across the world.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

