Left 4 Dead 2 (2.0.2.3) STANDALONE + ONLINE
100% Tested Working

Like Left 4 Dead, the sequel involves the aftermath of an 
apocalyptic pandemic. There has been an outbreak of a 
rabies-like pathogen that causes infected humans to behave 
like zombies. The four survivors have to fight their way 
through the hordes of infected, using safehouses along the 
way to rest and recover, in order to reach extraction points. 

Left 4 Dead 2 is set in the Southern United States, starting 
in Savannah, Georgia and ending in New Orleans, Louisiana. 
Left 4 Dead 2 introduces four new survivors, whose backstory 
will again be provided through dialogue. Unlike the first 
game where there was no significant story development, 
Left 4 Dead 2 will feature a story arc. 

Several new features are introduced, such as new types of 
infected, melee weapons, and a story-arc that connects 
each of the game's five campaigns together.
 

INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS
--------------------

REMEMBER BEFORE RUNNING THE GAME, CLOSE STEAM. 

Instructions OFFLINE: 
1) Get in the folder REGFIX and run the file for your system [X32-X64]. 
2) Double click left4dead2.exe 
3) HAVE FUN!!! 

Instructions ONLINE: 
1) Get in the folder REGFIX and run the file for your system [X32-X64]. 
2) Download Garena from

www.garena.com

and install it. 
3) Get in the room of Left 4 Dead 2 and click on settings.

(screen) 

4) Set your path of left4dead2.exe (default: C:/Program Files/Left 4 Dead 2/left4dead2.exe) 

(screen) 

5) At bootstrap parameters you don't need to set anything. 
Note: Normally you would need +sv_allow_lobby_connect_only 0 +sv_lan 1 but they are autoexecuted when the game runs from the file autoexec.cfg 
one more thing already implemented for you Wink 

How to change your name: 
Double click on file rev.ini, you will see PlayerName = Fakoykas just replace Fakoykas with your name. 

The loader i'm using is a heavy one, it's necessary though in order to save the achievements. Don't worry, just let the game load and everything will be fine afterwards