DEEP TISSUE MASSAGE AND MYOFASCIAL RELEASE (avi) 
by ART RIGGS

This torrent is meant to replace my earlier release from a couple of years ago that was poorly encoded and had a very incorrect aspect ratio among other problems.   That original poor quality torrent has since been distributed by others on The Pirate Bay and Demonoid. 

If you are looking for is some pleasant massage work to practice with your girlfriend, this is probably not the video set you are looking for, though the first video in the set on safety is highly recommended even for beginners.  For basic feel-good and healthful massage try Shiatsu or Tui-na massage work instead.   Tui-na is a massage practice that requires as much training in China and is as respected as acupuncture is, and for the complete novice, is unlikely to cause harm to a friend or client.

This video series is a fast-pace and intense instruction in advanced bodywork meant primarily for those with a solid background in massage therapy looking to further their skills.  A basic understanding of anatomy is essential to follow the lectures, and an excellent book to pick up for learning human anatomy from a massage perspective is any edition of Trail Guide to the Body.  

Art Riggs is a Rolfer, and Rolfing involves the deliberate alignment of the body with respect to gravity rather than merely randomly working tissues.  What Riggs has done here is bring a sanitized set of techniques from Rolfing suited to the massage therapy community.  The material here is not by itself Rolfing.  As it is  presented it is advanced massage therapy.  

For a deeper understanding of this type of work, check out my other torrents by Tom Myers—Anatomy Trains.AVI and Bodywork 101.  For more advanced Rolfing techniques there are the Michael Stanborough myofascial release videos which take the technique aspect of the work to the next level.   The Tom Myers Anatomy Trains videos discuss the structural aspects of the work, though from his own perspective.  

Some of my other torrent files are included along with the videos in this torrent. 

Included in this is a pdf with more resources and information on Rolfing (or Structural Integration) along with more info on the author, other related bodywork videos, books and online resources.

Enjoy!  
ToadOne Torrents

Please SEED!  This ain't a 5 MB file of Lily Allen singing about her dead cat. It's nearly 5 Gigs, so it takes more bandwidth and time to seed for others.