.: License Agreement :.

The Radio Station application is designed to run under the Windows® OS and tested under Win2K, WinXP, Vista and Windows 7. You need to have version 9 or above of Windows Media Player™ installed into your system. Of course an active Internet connection is necessary. 

The Radio Station application is free to download and is being distributed under the license of the Freeware applications. In other words you may download it, install it into your system, suggest to your friends to download it as well without any limitations. However it is not allowed to modify any parts of the application in any way. For that reason we strongly recommend downloading the application only from our website. http://www.radio-station.gr

The copyrights of the application Radio Station application and any later version of it belong to the creator and programmer of the software (© G.Fragkos). The final user is free to use the application for personal use only. It is not allowed to use part(s) of the application or the application as a whole, as part of some other piece of software or for commercial use, unless you have the written consent of the creator.

The Radio Station application distributable package which you download from our website DOES NOT CONTAIN any type of spyware, adware, virus, trojan, malware or any other type of suspicious code which may harm your system. 

The Radio Station application is a collection of Web Radio Streaming links, of the most known Greek radio stations which are free to use online from the web page of each station or though third parties which maintain WebPages with a list of streaming links and they can be used for free from anyone who wishes to listen to a particular online radio station. The Radio Station application offers a collection of features like the embedded alarm clock in order to wake you up in the morning listening to your favorite tunes or remind you an appointment during the day! Furthermore, since version 2.5 the Radio Station application provides you the capability to record with a single click what you hear on the radio as .mp3 file.

The application has been tested and it is considered bug free. However the responsibility for installing and using the application falls under each user who downloads and/or uses the application. The Radio Station application and the developers have no responsibility for any problems you may face during installation or usage. The application is free and it is provided as is.
