Contained herein are many, many, primary sources relating to Nazi occultism and what Goodrick-Clarke termed "Ariosophy". My motivation in making this torrent available is not to promote Nazism itself or racism but instead to make available to conspiracy researchers and others source material that has largely been inaccessible in the U.S. and the UK. There's a reason that it's been inaccessible: it's all in German. All of the texts in the torrent are in German with one exception: an English translation of Lanz von Liebenfel's "Theozoologie", which is unavailable elsewhere. "The Secret of the Runes" by Guido von List has not been included because an English edition is widely available through Inner Traditions Publications. My hope is that there are a few people within the world of Anglo=American research on these subjects who speak enough German to be able to either translate the texts into English or else to meaningfully use them in preparation of further works on the subject. 

I should also mention that just because an author has written about Germanic subjects doesn't mean that they are automatically racist, or anti-semitic. While some authors such as Liebenfels clearly were, others such as List were less so, even though they may have supported völkisch ideas.


If it is illegal for you to download these files in the country that you live in please do not do so.

The files included, with brief descriptions, are these:

Theodor Fritsch--Handbook on the Jewish Question, Hanbuch für Judenfrage, 1907
Not an occult book but a representative book by a member of the Germanenorden

Gorsleben--The Prose Edda [analysis],  Die Erzaehlende Edda, 1924
Founder of the Edda Society, a Listian rune researcher, briefly associated with the Thule Society.

Gorsleben--Heydey of Humanity, Hoch-Zeit der Menschheit, 1930


Haushoffer, Karl-- World Politics Today, Weltpolitik von heute, 1935
Book by geo-politics author widely rumored to have been a participant in occult organizations

Helsing, Jan van--Secret Societies and their power in the 20th Century, Geheimgesellschaften und ihre Macht im 20. Jahrhundert, 1993
Late 20th Century conspiracy researcher with pro-Nazi sentiments.

Hermannstadt, Hans von--Perpetual Armanen Runes Calender-Esoteric Hitler Calender with Armanen Runes, - Der Ewige Armanenkalender - Esoterischer Hitlerkalender mit Armanenrunen, 2007
Astrological/political publication put out by a person who uses Guido von List's system.

Hugin--UFO Documents Library, UFO Dokumentensammlung, 1986

Kritik, the Voice of the People, Savitri Devi issue--Gold in the Crucible, Kritik-Folge Nr. 60 - Savitri Devi - Gold im Schmelztiegel, 1982
Special issue of a magazine devoted to Hindu/Nazi thinker Savitri Devi

Landig, Wilhelm--Gods against Thule, Goetzen gegen Thule, 1971
First book of the Thule trilogy by author, occultist, and former SS member Wilhelm Landig

Landig, Wilhelm--Rebels for Thule, Rebellen fuer Thule, 1991

Landig, Wilhelm--Time of the Wolf , at Thule, Wolfszeit um Thule, 1980

Liebenfels, Jörg Lanz von--Book of German Psalms, Das Buch der Psalmen Teutsch, 1926
Alternate book of Psalms by Ostara writer and founded of the Order of the New Templars Jörg Lanz von Liebenfels 

Liebenfels, Jörg Lanz von--Ostara, 87 Issues, #1-95 - Ostara - 87 Hefte, 1908-1931

Liebenfels, Jörg Lanz von--Theozoology or the account of the Sodomite Apelings and the Divine Electron, Theozoologie oder die Kunde von den Sodoms-Äfflingen und dem Götter-Elektron, 1905

Liebenfels, Jörg Lanz von-Theozoology, English edition

List, Guido von--The Armanen Priesthood of the Ario-Germans,  Die Armanenschaft der Ario-Germanen, 1908
First in series of channeled works about theoretical Aryo-Germans and their past religion and social structure. Leader, of course, of the self named Guido List Society. 

List, Guido von--The Hieroglyphics of the Ario-Germans, Die Bilderschrift der Ario-Germanen, 1910

List, Guido von--The Law(Rita) of the Ario-Germans, 3rd edition, Die Rita der Ario-Germanen, 3. Auflage 1920

List, Guido von--Of the German Wuotan Priesthood, Von der Deutschen Wuotanspriesterschaft, 1893

Schauberger, Viktor--Our meaningless work--source of the world-crisis, Unsere sinnlose Arbeit - Quelle der Weltkrise, 1933
Book by non-Nazi free energy and nature theorist whose work unfortunately became used by the Nazis during World War II

Sebottendorf, Rudolph von--Before Hitler Came, Bevor Hitler kam,1933
Tell all book by Thule Society leader Sebottendorf about Thule and about the political agitation in Munich leading up the founding of the Nazi Party.

Serrano, Miguel--Hitler, the Ultimate Avatar, Adolf Hitler - Der Letzte 
Avatar,1984
First of two explicitly Nazi books by Chilean author and former Chilean Nazi Party member Serrano 

Serrano, Miguel--The Golden Chain - Estoeric Hitlerism, Das Goldene Band - Esoterischer Hitlerismus, 1987

Shou, Peryt--Secrets of the Egyptian Book of the Dead, Geheimlehre des aegyptischen Totenbuchs, 1931
Esoteric author influential on the Thule society through one of its cofounders.

SS-Hauptamt, SS-Main Office --SS Men and the Blood Question, SS Hauptamt - SS-Mann und Blutsfrage 
Non-esoteric book included here for the purposes of showing what the SS believed at the height of its power. A manual for explaining the principles of race and heredity for members of the SS. 

Stauff, Philip--Rune Houses, Runenhaeuser, 1913
Book by publicly known member of the Germanenorden


Täufer, Johannes--Vril, the Cosmic Primal Force, Vril-Die Kosmische Urkraft, 1930
The first of two pamphlets produced by a group that probably corresponded to the "Vril Society" mentioned by several authors. Of the two, it has the greatest degree of provenance. 

Weltdynamismus--World Dynamism, 1933
The second pamphlet claimed to be from the real "Vril Society". This one is much more questionable but is included in here anyways because it may be of interest.

Wieland, Hermann--Atlantis, Edda, and Bible,  Atlantis, Edda und Bibel,1925
Argues that Atlantis was an ancient Germanic homeland.

Wölfl, Johann--Ostara 101, Lanz -Liebenfels and his work--Part 1, Introduction to the Theories, Ostara Nr. 101 - Lanz-Liebenfels und sein Werk - 1. Teil - Einfuehrung in die Theorie, 1928



Nazi, Nazism, Occult, Conspiracy, UFO, Occult Nazism, List, Liebenfels, Runes, Hitler, SS, Thule, Germanenorden, Landig, Serrano,
