Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


A live performance by Scorpions - Wind Of Change with The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.


"Wind of Change" is a 1990 power ballad written by Klaus Meine, vocalist of the 
Scorpions. It appeared on their 1990 album Crazy World, but did not become a worldwide hit single until 1991, when it topped the charts in Germany and across Europe, and hit #4 in the United States and #2 in the United Kingdom. It later appeared on the 1995 live album Live Bites, on their 2000 album Moment of Glory, with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, and on their 2001 unplugged album Acoustica.

The band also recorded a Russian-language version of the song, under the title Ветер Перемен (Veter Peremen) and a Spanish version called Vientos de Cambio.

The song is currently the 10th best-selling single of all time in Germany.

The lyrics celebrate the political changes in Eastern Europe at that time – such as the Polish Round Table Agreement and fall of the Berlin Wall, the increasing freedom in the communist bloc (which soon led to the fall of the USSR), and the clearly imminent end of the Cold War.

Many listeners of the song who are not acquainted with Moscow are often confused by the meaning of the opening lines of the song, which are:

    I follow the Moskva
    Down to Gorky Park
    Listening to the wind of change

The Moskva is the name of the river that runs through Moscow (both the city and the river are named identically in Russian), and Gorky Park is the name of an amusement park in Moscow. The Scorpions were inspired to write this song on a visit to Moscow in 1989, and therefore included references to the aforementioned landmarks.

In 2005 the viewers of the German television network ZDF chose this song as the song of the century. It is the highest ever selling song in Germany, reputedly selling over 6 million copies in that country alone, and is frequently played on television shows presenting video footage of the fall of the Berlin Wall. It is widely known[weasel words] in Germany as the song of German reunification (and fall of communism in Eastern Europe generally), even though it only rose to popularity two years later.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

