1.	Ain't a Better Story Told
	2.	Life of Trouble
	3.	You Never Miss a Good Woman till She's Gone
	4.	Nakite Stomp - (TRUE instrumental)
	5.	Cheerful Baby
	6.	Happy Pay Day
	7.	I've Been Lost
	8.	Love Me Tonight
	9.	Trouble Around Me
	10.	Money Hustlin' Woman
	11.	Real Fine Mama
	12.	Too Late For Me
	13.	Mean Mean Woman
	14.	Lump in My Throat
	15.	I Like It
	16.	Your Love Wasn't So
	17.	Rockin' Chair
	18.	Nights Are So Long, The
	19.	Hit the Road
	20.	Train Whistle Blues
	21.	Sun Is Shining in Your Front Door, The
	22.	Long About Midnight
	23.	Til We Meet Again
	24.	It's Midnight



This is a 25-song compilation drawn from Littlefield's output for Modern between 1949 and 1952, including the sole hit he scored for that label, "It's Midnight (No Place to Go)." Littlefield is somewhat more obscure than many other artists mining a similar blues/R&B crossover field in Los Angeles studios in the early 1950s, such as Charles Brown, Amos Milburn, and Floyd Dixon. On the basis of the music here, Littlefield deserves to be in the same echelon as the aforementioned performers. He was a fine pianist who was skilled in the boogie woogie style and tempered for the times with a modern R&B influence. His use of triplets, according to the liner notes, influenced Fats Domino. He was also more versatile than some piano bluesmen of the era, and was comfortable with slow and melancholy-tinged ballads as well as jumping uptempo R&B tunes (the boasting "I Like It" is a standout). His singing was more easygoing than distinctive, but still had a relaxed charm. Many of the sides here were cut with some of the Los Angeles studio musicians -- horn player Maxwell Davis, guitarist Johnny Moore, and others -- that were instrumental in setting the paces for the jazzy, urbane R&B music of the early 1950s in L.A. The sound is very good, and is mastered from the original acetate lacquers, with only occasional (and slight) surface noise peeping through. The disc includes five previously unissued cuts (three of which are alternate takes). A second volume of Littlefield's Modern sides was in the works from Ace as of the 1999 issue of this collection. 

25 tracks from one of the great Texas blues men, who popularized the "triplet" piano in R&B - compiled & annotated by Ray Topping, this features tracks made for the Modern label, inc. his hit from 1949, "It's Midnight," and 2 tracks with Little Lora Wigg