Filmmaker John Grabowska explores Alaska’s visually spectacular region of Wrangell-St. Elias National Park, which includes the continent’s largest assemblage of glaciers, the greatest collection of peaks above 16,000 feet, along with a dramatic valleys, wild rivers and a variety of wildlife. A 2003 Idaho Public Television production.

233 MB - XviD AVI at 1.1 Mbps 624x352 (widescreen) 24 fps - 128 Mbps 48 KHz mp3 stereo - Running time 00:26:08
Quality - video: 8/10, audio 8/10 - watchable and enjoyable but this is no 1080 HD rip from a Blue-ray disk, if you know what I mean.
Language: American English - Sub-titles: none.

This avi I obtained from megarelease.net (2009-09-16 posting). On this release's page, I posted the following comment:
---------------
I’ve been looking for this PBS film about St Elias for quite a while now, both on the release and torrent scenes. It finally arrived and my many thanks to everyone involved.

I remember how my jaw dropped when I sat down sometime last year to watch some PBS shows (on TV, not the computer) and this half-hour program came up unexpectedly. Spectacular scenery, respectful and loving photography, and such an intimate, almost poetic presentation. It rivals with the BBC’s Planet Earth in photography but with obviously at a fraction of the budget and length (some technical issues like camera stability but nothing that distracts from the breath-taking majestic views).
In his writing of the narration, John Grabowska shows true understanding of the land and man’s place in it and you feel how touchingly inspired he was in paying tribute to his father. This filmmaker deserves an award for this independent documentary short.

Now, all we need is a high quality mkv encoded HD cap or dvd rip, and I mean like a 1 GB file, to do justice to this video.
---------------

For those who need some form of preview before downloading, I created a slide show from 24 screen snapshots showing some of the spectacular photography in the film. 
http://www.slide.com/r/5ov1dZgu3T-ZhyI0rmjOEmG7T7SgZuOX?previous_view=mscd_embedded_url&view=original

More info and great reviews at amazon.com
