
Release Date: 11 August 2010
Theatre Date: 23 April 2010 (UK)
DVD Date: 16 August 2010
Runtime: 94 min
CD info: R2 pal retail 6-pass @ 5971Kbs, extras stripped
Audio: english 6ch
Subs: english
Rating: 6.8/10 855 votes
IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1020558/


synopsis :

Directed by Neil Marshall 
Produced by Christian Colson
Robert Jones 
Written by Neil Marshall 
Starring Dominic West
Michael Fassbender
Olga Kurylenko 
Music by Ilan Eshkeri 
Studio Celador Films 
Distributed by Pathé (Europe), Magnet (US) 
Release date(s) 23 April 2010 
Country United Kingdom 
Language English 
Budget £10 million[1] 


Plot Outline: 

It is 114 AD and the Roman garrisons are struggling to contain the Picts, the Celtic inhabitants of the Scottish Highlands. The Picts under their king, Gorlacon, are perfecting guerilla warfare and are eliminating Roman guards one by one. Centurion Quintus Dias is the only survivor of a Pictish raid and is taken prisoner. In the meantime the Roman governor of Britannia wants to establish good favors with the central administration, hoping to secure a transfer back to the comforts of Rome. He dispatches the 9th Legion to the front under General Titus Flavius Virilus, having provided him with a female mute Pict scout, Etain. As the legion marches north, they encounter and save Dias, who has escaped. Etain, however, has betrayed the Legion to Gorlacon: the Romans walk into a trap and are annihilated. Dias with six others elude death and capture in battle. They learn that their general has been taken prisoner and set out in stealth to rescue him. They find the Pictish settlement and sneak in at night, but fail to break the chain that holds the general chained. As they retreat, one of them kills Gorlacon's young son. The next morning, after the dead boy is burned, the general is given a sword and made to duel with Etain, who kills him. The seven decide to return south via a long detour over the mountains, while Etain with a Pict detachment are sent on horseback to track and kill them, in revenge for the king's son. They eventually catch up with the fugitives, who have to jump off a cliff and into a stream followed by stony rapids. One is killed by arrows while two separate, pursued by wolves. Dias and his best fighter attempt a night raid to the Pictish camp, while Etain and her warriors do the same. Several men are killed. Dias and his two followers happen upon a hut in the forest and befriend Arianne, who lives there. She shelters them and when Etain comes, she confronts her while the Romans hide under the floorboards. The next morning they leave Arianne and find the closest garrison post abandoned: an order on a wall informs them that Roman troops have retreated south, to Hadrian's Wall. As they see Etain approach, they set up a trap inside the fortifications. An all-out battle ensues, Dias kills Etain, and he and one wounded companion emerge victorious. By chance they reunite with one of their lost companions and reach Hadrian's Wall, where the Governor is camped. He has decided to have all 9th Legion veterans killed, so that his record is not tainted by an utter military failure. The governor's daughter is trusted with making sure that Dias is also killed. Dias alerts to the plot and escapes; he returns to Arianne in the forest.