We are still seeding Yes Minister with extra bandwidth, and can offer you this
movie too:

Note: This is a re-launch of our previously successful torrent, which surpassed 2000
completions soon after it was first launched, so there are many seeders out
there who could join this torrent after downloding the tiny jpg file we've added
to this torrent, as that is th only difference you'll see. We have however added
multi-tracker facility as well and so its worth swirching to this torrent
instead.

Excellent picture and sound. 720 X 400 Divx

Reds is a monumental brainchild and genius of the great actor Mr. Warren
Beatty, turned Director for this wonderful achievement for mankind. Lovely
Ms. Diane Keaton is special in her performance here too.

Should the desire to better allocate resources than happens in a "state of
nature" or where unfettered capitalism might have existed - is this desire a
sufficient enough impetus to altogether abandon freedoms we do need to survive,
in favour instead of the communist model?

Alebit, a noteworthy part of the movie substantially deal with the romantic
relations between the two main actors (along with Jack Nicholson, who is
brought into the conflicting situation as a potential "spoiler" with less
superficial regard for the needs of the Character played by Diane Keaton), yet
the movie mainly deals with the misguided "romantic idealism" of "left wing
liberals" from the United states, who had then felt it appropriate to involve
themselves in the red movement that swept Russia, leading eventually to a
regime that existed "behind the iron curtain" as though the needs of humanity
would be better served by such efforts of involvement here.


There is an element of social responsibility and conscionable awareness
that is heightened in the environment you see depicted in the movie,
however at the end of the day, we are left with nothing worthwhile from
this experiment except for the great pickings of human stocks in Russia
that have not only weathered the storm as it were, but have strengthened
character from a period of communal caring that did flourish and thrive
despite the odds, and that did result in a gentle character that is
concerned with the lot of their fellow human beings. As such Mr. Beatty
mainly brings us to take a look at what came of the experiment we see at
its inception in what is the object of the movie, in such a way as to bring
the people involved closer to us, in a way as to benefit all of mankind, as
Russia is no less a part of who we are than is even much of the world that
now surrounds us wherever we happen to be in this misguided spirit of newfound
Christianly egalitarian "wisdom" that pervades the earth in fulfillment of
an agenda driven by madness gone amok.

By the way, its interesting that Mr. Warren Beatty's character in the movie
seems dead set against "excessive profits" by capitalists who are misguided
on fairer models on which to share a movie work such as this, so I guess we
have to intervene in that spirit, so Mr. Beatty can be a happier man in fact
as we are complying with that sentiment, which is in fat laudable I submit.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
movie reviews at: moviesbyrizzo.info
