Did you get a Garmin GPS
for Christmas?? I did! It took me forever to find all the awesome custom voices, vehicles and all the other useful tools a Garmin owner might need! So, I proudly present to you, partially with the help of my friends at Demonoid, the Garmin Starter Pack!

Thanks guys for providing such great torrents! I've included some of your files in my own torrent as well as your original .tors in hopes that people will seed!

Special thanks to Kroff, jrstoys, 1vic, drunkyb, pearlheartgtr, and cd216513!






Contents:

City Navigator North America Courtesy of kroff

Kroff can be found at this URL:

Help and Original Torrent can be found here:

Program is Compatible
with these models:



POI Red Light & Speed Cameras 7/22/09 Courtesy of jrstoys

jrstoys can be found at this URL:

Help and Original Torrent can be found here:

Must have POI Loader to use. The most recent POI Loader is availble from Garmin at this URL:

Though the POI Loader is also included in this torrent.



Garmin Language Guide & Fodor's Travel Guide Courtesy of 1vic

1vic can be found at this URL:

Help and Original Torrent can be found here:

and here:



Cartman & Stewie Griffin Voices Courtesy of pearlheartgtr

pearlheartgtr can be found at this URL:

Help and Original Torrent can be found here:



Sexy Jill Voice Courtesy of drunkyb

drunkyb can be found at this URL:

Help and Original Torrent can be found here:



GLaDOS Voice Courtesy of cd216513

cd216513 can be found at this URL:

Help and Original Torrent can be found here:


Other Voices and ALL Cars Pack (124!!) courtesy of Garmin

Garmin can be found at

Voices Include:

DrNightmare.vpm
Elfred.vpm
TeamGarmin-MattWhiteVoice.vpm
Yeti.vpm



Unattributable Voices

Borat
Arnold the Governator

Caution .VUP files can only be used one at a time and can not be used if the Borat or Governator voice is installed. The reason being that these files are meant to replace the English_American.vpm

Always BACKUP your language files. 