09/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Serial
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy

The Steam Special Edition contains alternate textures for the Counting House
and Cog ship type.

Patrician IV is the sequel to the historical trading simulation and strategy
series. You are a merchant in northern Europe in the late Middle Ages when
the Hanseatic League was flourishing. Your goal is to rise to the most
successful and influential member of the Hanse, ultimately being elected
Elderman, leader of the trading league. You start bargaining with common
goods, build up your own production and establish a merchant fleet. Later on,
you will gain more and more political influence and even found new towns.

However, a Hanse merchant's life can also have its dark sides. On your way to
power you have to hold your ground against fierce rivals, whom you have to
fight with economic competition, price wars or impure means such as sabotage
Will you even engage in piracy?

Features
Become a powerful merchant - rise through the ranks using your increasing
fame and wealth to shape towns from small villages to glorious capitals
under your control
A complete strategic simulation - balance competing interests, trade
routes, political turmoil, disease, weather, piracy and greedy royalty
Build an empire - construct buildings and hire workers, stimulating
demand for common and exotic goods
Battle on the high seas - protect your ships from pirate raiders in
realistic and exciting sea battles
Visually stunning - a powerful new graphics engine lets you visit
bustling and realistically recreated medieval cities such as London,
Novgorod, Cologne and Bergen
Friendly Interface and Gameplay - Players will enjoy a brand-new, user
friendly interface that makes Patrician IV easy to play but challenging
to master

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game
4. Use one of the following keys when prompted
XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
5. Play the game, but do not allow it to go online (protip: firewall
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT