Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"On Melancholy Hill" is the tenth track from the Gorillaz's third album Plastic Beach. The song is due to be the second single from the album, and was originally slated for release in late 2010. In a later interview with creators Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett, it was announced that it would replace "Superfast Jellyfish" as the second single, with "Superfast Jellyfish" due for release later in 2010.

The music video was released worldwide on the 15th of June "exclusively" on iTunes, but was uploaded to thechannel a few days later. A teaser for the video was released on the 9th of June. Stills of the video were put on writteninmusic.com on June 11th. A huge ocean liner, (the M. Harriet), is under attack by two planes. A ship attendant finds Noodle in her room, offering to escort her to the lifeboats, but she opens a gun briefcase and walks down the hall past the attendant with a Tommy gun. The song begins with Noodle opening fire at the two oncoming planes that are attacking the ship. She manages to shoot one plane down but does not have enough time to shoot the other. The other plane drops a bomb on the ship. As the ship sinks, Noodle survives and climbs into a lifeboat with only her guitar and some supplies. Later on, a gigantic version of drummer Russel Hobbs lifts out of the water underneath Noodle's lifeboat. The rest of the video shows Murdoc, 2-D and Cyborg Noodle traveling through the deep ocean with a fleet of submarines, crewed by all of the collaborators that helped make the album (e.g. De La Soul, Snoop Dogg, and Gruff Rhys). They rise to the surface, where a large manatee is sitting atop a tall plateau. Murdoc spots the Boogieman character leaning over the creature and orders Cyborg to attack it. Cyborg shoots at the Boogieman but the bullets do him no harm. He grabs the manatee and dives into the ocean. When the fog clears, it reveals Plastic Beach. Speculation also has it that this occurs right after the "Stylo" video, as they are in the same shark submarine and 2-D is still wearing his clown mask, as well as the bullet hole still in Cyborg Noodles head. However, according to Murdoc's twitter feed, he, 2D and Cyborg Noodle have been on Plastic Beach for a while, and that they had asked all of the collaborators to assist them in finding Noodle after receiving some leads as to her location.

Band member Murdoc Niccals stated the following about "On Melancholy Hill" in a track-by-track commentary:

    The melancholy hill - it's that feeling, that place, that you get in your soul sometimes, like someone's let your tyres down. It's nice to break up the album with something a little lighter. It's good to have something that's a genuine pop moment on every album. And this is one of those.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/