Remember that this is a VERY rare recording and it's almost impossible to get anywhere so please keep seeding!

--------

Although space is a virtual vacuum, this does not mean there is no sound in space. Sound does exist as electromagnetic vibrations. The specially designed instruments on board the various space probes used Plasma Wave antenna to record the vibrations used here, all within the range of human hearing (20-20,000 CPS)

Each planet, moon and ring system has a distinctive "musical" pattern. Listening to this unusual recording has a mysteriously relaxing effect. After a long hard day, you can bring your brainwaves into a slower and meditative state.

In 1989, Dr. Jeffrey D. Thompson, D.C., B.F.A. was approached by representatives working with NASA and JPL to explore a series of powerful recordings which the Voyager I & II Spacecraft had sent back from Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. These recordings seemed to be having a profound effect on the scientists and researchers who were exposed to them. Dr. Thompson was approached as an expert in the field of sound and healing, and especially in his work with "Primordial Sounds.” Primordial sounds are human body sounds and nature sounds formatted in special ways to cause a deep response in the subconscious mind. These are extremely useful in all levels of healing. Could the space sounds actually be Primordial Sounds, also – from outer space but strangely familiar to us?

Saturn is a giant gas planet. Its volume could enclose about 769 earth-sized planets. Evidence so far indicates that Saturn is "inside-out," the solid material of the planet is in the rings, with the gaseous atmosphere inside of the rings. Saturn's magnetic field traps charged particles come from the solar wind. As these particles interact with the ionosphere of Saturn and its rings and moons, they create "airglow emissions."

Voyager I & II's 1980 encounter with Saturn revealed many dynamic details of this giant gas planet. Vast weather patterns across the face of Saturn in orange tang and white are the results of equatorial wind velocities of 1800 kilometers per hour.

Saturn is second in size only to Jupiter. Saturn's magnetopause (its electromagnetic envelope) has a magnetic tail which extends away from the sun. Saturn's magnetic field traps charged particles coming from the solar wind. Some of these interactions were recorded within the 20-20,000 hertz range, the range of human hearing, and are the ones you hear on this recording.

Enhanced images revealed a subtle bright spot in Saturn's north tropical zone. There was also a large oval feature in the southern hemisphere with certain similarities to the great red spot on Jupiter. The awesome magnetic and charged particle environment of Saturn plus its ionic interactions with it rings as well as free radio wave emissions from its ionosphere, contributed to the astounding variety of sounds on this recording.