Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 21
Episode Name: Funk
Original Air Date on TV: June 1, 2010


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

Former New Directions member Jesse St. James returns to rival glee club Vocal Adrenaline. They give a performance of "Another One Bites the Dust" in the McKinley High auditorium, and TP New Directions' choir room as intimidation ahead of the Regionals competition. The New Directions members become depressed, and club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) tries to reinvigorate them by asking them to perform funk numbers. Quinn (Dianna Agron) performs "It's a Man's Man's Man's World" to vent her frustration of being an unwed teenage mother. Mercedes (Amber Riley) sympathizes with Quinn and invites her to move in with her; later, she, Puck (Mark Salling) and Finn (Cory Monteith) perform "Good Vibrations" as their own "funk" number, based on Marky Mark's band name being the Funky Bunch.

Will and Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig) finalize their divorce. Attempting to deal with his sorrow and cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester's (Jane Lynch) incessant bullying, Will seduces Sue with a performance of "Tell Me Something Good" and asks her out on a date, standing her up to humiliate her. Sue withdraws the cheerleading squad from the upcoming Nationals competition and becomes bed-bound. Will sees the negative impact on the cheerleaders and realizes that some of them might lose their college scholarships. Will knows that hurting his nemesis did not make him feel any better, and encourages her to be there for her girls. Sue reenters and wins Nationals, but later gives Will two options: either house her new trophy inside New Directions' choir room, or kiss her. As Will is about to kiss her, Sue backs out and determines that the trophy will be set up in the choir room as a reminder of her superiority.

In retaliation to Vocal Adrenaline's vandalism, Puck and Finn slash the tires of their rivals' Range Rovers. Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba) thinks they should be expelled, but Vocal Adrenaline director Shelby Corcoran (Idina Menzel) disagrees as she decides not to press charges, but she insists they pay for the damages. She then recommends taking the money out of Glee's budget, but Will says that the club will go bankrupt. Finn then says that he and Puck will get jobs and Shelby agrees. Puck and Finn get jobs at Sheets-N-Things, working for Terri. Expressing the dissatisfaction in their lives, Puck, Finn, Terri, customer Sandy Ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky), and employee Howard Bamboo (Kent Avenido) perform "Loser" in a dream sequence. Terri finds that Finn reminds her of Will, and befriends him, helping him with his funk assignment.

Jesse further breaks Rachel's (Lea Michele) heart when he lures her to the parking lot, where he and the other Vocal Adrenaline members throw eggs at her. Rachel, being vegan is distressed by the baby chicks that died and says she is having nightmares about the mothers of the chicks chasing her. The male New Directions members, led by Puck, are talked out of violent retaliation by Will, and instead the group performs "Give Up the Funk" to show Vocal Adrenaline that they are not defeated by their bullying. Their showdown intimidates their rivals, who have never been able to pull off a funk number.

I Will Be Uploading All Glee Episodes As Single Files Then All Together (:
I Will Also Be Uploading All Albums To Each Season (:

Enjoy (: & Please Seed 

Thanks

- [Np]
