Info

~ LEGAL TORRENT ~


TITLE:  Books by Dragan Glavasic
AUTHOR:  Dragan Glavasic
LANGUAGE:  English
TYPE:  philosophy, literature
LABEL:  Tajd/Odin & Thor Publishing
FORMAT:  eBooks [pdf]
ISBNs:  86-904797-6-7, 86-904797-1-6, 978-86-904797-7-1
SOURCE:  original CDs
PREPARED BY:  TeNNeT and Wexller
SIZE:  3.3 MB
INSTRUCTIONS:  Unzip. Use Acrobat Reader to read the eBooks.  Enjoy!

SYNOPSIS:  Dragan Glavasic studied mathematics and philosophy in the United States... All three books deal with reality and the most essential questions of philosophy.  But unlike other books, these books, actually, offer profound answers and original solutions to the ancient problems.



BOOKS:

1.  Ascertaining the Intellectual Horizon (2008)
2.  The Cosmic Tree (2003)
3.  Keepers of the Flame (2006)


+ COVERS and INFO


The Cosmic Tree (2003)

Written in 2003, it is the initial philosophical quest by the author.  It deals with various aspects of philosophy, especially with ontology, ethics, philosophy of intellect, philosophy of science, as well as with European (Teutonic, Slavic, Celtic, and Greek/Roman) mythologies.  Some of the initial philosophical concepts are presented in a clear and easy to understand way, such as: the theory of intellect, the self-preservation principle, the Realm, the rudimentary fact, the fundamental assumption, the theory of repeating patterns, the absolute mind, etc.  A genuine starting point for a more complete introduction to and comprehension of Glavasic’s essential philosophy.


Space and Time (2005)**

This book is a profound philosophical exploration within metaphysics.  Dealing with two very important concepts, those of space and of time.  Which is rather significant, all by itself, considering that space and time play a key role in philosophy, physics and everyday life… As a matter of fact, the concepts or better yet the words have become necessary or indispensable in everyday conversation: which only demonstrates their genuine magnitude… 
Even more amazing is that for over a couple of millennia no one has seriously examined or questioned their ontological status or in any way tried to prove or disprove their existences… The book systematically elaborates and shows both space and time to be cognitive mistakes within reason that were made long “time” ago.  In other words, they are abstract entities that exist in our minds only, as ideas, thus are not real.  None of us has ever seen, heard, felt or in any other way detected space or time… And for a good reason, indeed: since, they are non-existent!


Ultrafilters (2005)*

Mathematical text dealing with a little known branch of pure mathematics, which is closely related to the set theory and the foundations of mathematics.


Keepers of the Flame (2006)

Perhaps the greatest book so far!  An amazing compilation of 35 short philosophical stories.  Some of the fables are science fiction or mystery, some are historical narratives, several are very much unusual and totally unexpected, most are funny and/or overwhelming in one way or another.  Incredibly, many of the tales are interconnected or rather ingeniously woven into a bewildering bigger picture.  However, all of them are totally original and profound in their exploration of the ultimate reality: such as the crucial questions of the ulterior purpose for our very existence or any existence, the question of human mortality/immortality [actually, a literary proof for the Immortality Argument], the all important problems of ethics, and, of course, the awesome underlining nature of everything.
This book is not only a literary masterpiece, but, as a matter of fact, is also a profound study within metaphysics, epistemology, ontology, political philosophy and ethics.  Implying that this compilation is something utterly remarkable, the beginning of an epic journey inside reality or a mind boggling revelation: a cognitive precursor for the book that is to follow next!


Ascertaining the Intellectual Horizon (2008)*

The latest book in philosophy by the author.  A logical outcome of the previous book… Published in 2008, it deals with various philosophical problems and presents their intricate solutions.  Not only that this book presents the Immortality Argument, thus demonstrates—through the immense powers of philosophy and logic—that we are, in our essence, fundamentally immortal beings: which, in its significance is the single most important proof ever made; but in addition, it also shows that our world is utterly insane and that most despicable lunatics and/or morbid perverts have all the power in their deadly grasps.
Even more significantly, it is a manifesto for intellectual revolution, when the most intelligent men should take over this doomed planet from the corrupt and the perverted sediments, from the poor servants of the rich crooks and even the wealthier thieves: as a way to develop Plato’s ideal society and Nietzsche’s Overman, as a way to obey the overwhelming laws of colossal nature and to fulfill our very reasons for being, our ulterior prime objective, the rudimentary Cosmic decrees…  After all, we are the consciousness, the eyes and the mind of this universe and the reality…




www.glavasic.net
www.stvarnost.com




NOTE:  We'll keep seeding untill 20 complete uploads (downloads)!  Those that like this writings might consider seeding themselves for a while as to give others a chance to get this remarkable philosophy as well.  DOWNLOAD AND SHARE!



COMING UP:

Nietzsche - Thus Spoke Zarathustra [pdf]
Mozart - Piano Concertos [flac]
Yes - Fragile (1972) [flac]


SOME OF OUR PREVIOUS TORRENTS:

Dragan Glavasic - Ascertaining the Intellectual Horizon [pdf]
Beethoven - Symphony no. 9 [flac]
Uriah Heep - Demons and Wizards (1972) [flac]
Deep Purple - In Rock (1970) [flac]
Yes - Close to the Edge (1972) [flac]
Tchaikovsky - Violin Concerto [mp3]
Medieval Music From Old Serbia [flac]
Mike Oldfield - Tubular Bells (1973) [flac]
Stvarnost Journal # 10-12 [html]
Guns and Roses - Greatest Hits (2004) [mp3]
Enya - Amarantine (2006) [mp3]
Iron Butterfly - Live (1970) [flac]
James Gang - Live in Concert (1971) [flac]
Emerson Lake Palmer - Trilogy (1972) [flac]
Deep Purple - In Concert (1970-72) [flac]
Cream - Live (1970) [flac]
Mozart - Symphonies 32-41 [mp3]
Beethoven - Choral Fantasy [flac]


[Our torrents could be found at:  http://thepiratebay.org, www.torrentbox.com,


www.glavasic.net
www.stvarnost.com


11:30 am -- May 21, 2010
