Dark Cloud 1 & 2 for the Ps2                                    Rel. 2001 & 2003


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        RPG
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with WinRar, Both Games were tested and work. 
Try 7zip its free google it, if you don't have WinRar.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Dark Cloud Description:

400 Years ago, a war between the Eastern Continent and the Western Wizard Army destroyed the world as a great power was unleashed. Time has passed and in present day, the power-hungry General Flag has organized a ritual to awaken this power once more: the Dark Genie. Barely controlled by a spell, the Dark Genie once again breaks the world, beginning with the village of Norune. The only survivor of Norune is a boy named Toan, son of the great hero Ada. As Toan surveys the destruction, the Spirit King appears and tells him that all is not lost; pieces of the world, including buildings and people, have been sealed away in protective Atla spheres. Using a magic glove called the Atlamillia, Toan must resurrect the world and find the powers necessary to defeat the Dark Genie.

Dark Cloud is an action-RPG title, often compared to Soul Blazer, played from the 3rd person perspective. Toan must enter randomly generated dungeons where he will battle monsters and recover Atla spheres. Toan battles with a sword, which can be slashed directly in front of him or powered up for a stronger blow. During his travels, Toan encounters other characters who will offer to aid him and can be switched to during dungeons, with individual statistics and weapons. Items are also found and shared among the party, including restorative items, attack items and general power-ups. Each character has a thirst meter, which much be replenished or health will start to drain. Should a character lose all their health, they will fall in battle and be returned to town unless Stand-In powder is used, in which case that character is unavailable and control passes to another.

Toan is the only character able to collect Atla spheres which contain different items needed to restore the villages destroyed by the Dark Genie. Rebuilding is done outside the dungeon in a designated village area. Buildings can be placed down, rotated and moved as need be. They can also be upgraded with additional furniture and people (usually the owners of the building). As the dungeons are conquered and the area becomes more lifelike, treasure chests start appearing around the town and villagers often become friendlier. Some villagers have additional requests, such as being placed facing the east, for the placement of their homes.

Each character in Toan's party uses a unique weapon, but several different types of weapon under each category can be collected. As weapons are used, they gain Absorption (Abs). These Abs points are used as "experience" for the weapon and can upgrade the weapon's abilities. Each weapon features a number of "slots" to which power-up items can be attached, any items attached to slots will be absorbed when the weapon is upgraded. Each weapon has certain attributes which must be improved in order to "build up" to a different type of weapon. Additionally, any weapon reaching level 5 can be broken into a Synthsphere, an item containing 60% of its abilities, which can then be attached to slots on different weapons. In this manner, weapons can always be upgraded or used in the improvement of another weapon throughout the game. The game also features certain sequences where buttons must be pressed in the correct order and correct timing in order to progress.


Dark Cloud 2 Description:

As a young inventor, you are called upon to search the dangerous dungeons, battle evil monsters and re-claim towns and cities.

By fighting your way through the various dungeons, you must find various ores hidden away. With these ores, you can determine which parts you need to re-build a town. It is up to you to find or create the parts needed to build the various buildings of each town, as well various other parts to each town.

During your adventure, you can also take pictures of various items. Once you have a certain amount, you can then come up with ideas for an invention that will aid you in your quest. From there, you must again find the parts needed to create the invention, and then use the invention either to help you defeat enemies or build the towns.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).


Enjoy!		