Mafia II-SKIDROW (Mafia 2)

S  K  i  D  R  O  W

-  T H E  L E A D i N G  F O R C E  -

proudly presents
Mafia II / 2K Games

RELEASE DATE : 24-08-2010              PROTECTION : Steam  CEG
GAME TYPE    : Action                  DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.

twice the fun  / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

Vito Scaletta has started to make a name for himself on the
streets of Empire Bay as someone who can be trusted to get a
job done. Together with his buddy Joe, he is working to prove
himself to the Mafia, quickly escalating up the family ladder
with crimes of larger reward, status and consequence... the
life as a wise guy isn't quite as untouchable as it seems.

Action-Packed Gameplay: Intense gunplay, white-knuckle car
chases and visceral hand-to-hand combat - it will take all
that and more to become a "made man".

Epic Gangster Story: Inspired by iconic mafia drama, the
compelling characters and cinematic presentation will pull
players into the allure and impossible escape of life in the
Mafia.

Immersive World and Period: Enter the world of Empire Bay -
World War II is raging in Europe and the architecture, cars,
music and clothing all echo the period in stunning detail. As
time passes, hot rod cars, 50s fashion and some of the era's
best music reflect the birth of a cool new era.

Illusion Engine: 2K Czech's proprietary Illusion Engine,
allows gamers to explore
Empire Bay's 10 square miles of beautifully rendered outdoor
environments and intricately designed interiors.

Soundtrack Reflects the Mood of the Era: Players will be
immersed in the Golden Era of America as Mafia II features
tracks from some of the era's most influential artists.

Install Notes:

2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to the
/pc/ folder inside the main installation dir and overwrite
5. Play the game

Additional Notes:

If you have used any of these hacked demo cracks out there,
then make sure you start a new game, as your old saves will
make the game crash. The main reason: it wont work is because
those "cracks" are modified demo exes.

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

Nice job Valve on updating CEG, but as you can see that didn't
help much. Good luck in wasting more money for the next update

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Game Features
• Be a gangster. Vivid images of credible, strong story and great
presentation - it all allow you to feel the drama and unpredictability
of the relationship between mafia clans and those in them is.
• Forget peace. Thrilling car chases, violent fights and frantic
shooting - a combination of these elements provides a rich and varied
gameplay.
• Living in the metropolis. With the latest graphics engine Illusion
Engine ™ players can explore a vast world, without wasting time waiting
for the next boot: a stroll through the picturesque streets of Empire
Bay, covers an area of over 25 square kilometers, or go inside the
buildings and enjoy an elaborated interiors.
• Learn America. Cars, advertising, clothing - all the signs of American
life 1940-50-ies, recreated as accurately as possible, changes over time
in the game in accordance with the historical realities.
• Play the classics. A selection of the best songs the mid XX century
will immerse themselves in the atmosphere of the American golden age.

Minimum System Requirement
• Operating System Windows XP (SP2 or higher) / Windows Vista /
Windows 7;
• Intel Pentium D processor with 3 GHz or AMD Athlon 64 X2 3600 + (Dual
core) or better;
• 1.5 GB of RAM;
• Video card nVidia GeForce 8600 / ATI HD2600 Pro or better;
• 8 GB free hard disk space;
• Sound card compatible with DirectX 9.0c;
• Keyboard and mouse.

Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/21000/20335.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/21000/20336.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/21000/20338.jpg

Mafia II-SKIDROW (Mafia 2) Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
Greets to all actual/future p2p/scene quality groups and affiliate websites.