SUPPLIER ....: TEAM EAT
PROG TYPE ...: SCIENTIFIC
LANGUAGE ....: ENGLISH
RELEASE DATE.: 2010-02-15

CRACKER ......: TEAM EAT
PROTECTION ...: DEMO-LIMITS
DIFFICULTY ...: GUESS

PACKAGER ....: TEAM EAT
FORMAT ......: ZIP/RAR
ARCHIVE NAME.: eatgg82a.zip
No OF DISKS .: XX/06

REQUIREMENTS .: Win2K/XP/2003/Vista/Win7
PRICE ........: 349.00
WEBSITE.......: http://www.goldensoftware.com

RELEASE  NOTES

Grapher is a graphing package designed for use by
scientists, engineers, and business professionals.
If you need to make graphs quickly and easily,
Grapher is meant for you From your data file, use
Grapher to create over 50 different 2D and 3D graph
types. Grapher gives you full-control over all
graphing parameters. Easily produce publication
quality graphs by customizing any feature of any
graph Add legends, titles, and an unlimited number
of plots to any graph Customize the final product
with drawn items such as text, lines, polygons,
rectangles, spline lines and spline polygons. Add
graph magnifiers and drawn inset zoom boxes. Use
transparency to see all your data Link all text to
a worksheet for added convenience Use the Script
Recorder feature to record the steps to create a
graph Export to a variety of formats to include
your graphs directly in your presentations or
documents

Grapher is the ultimate technical graphing package
available. This easy-to-use, powerful, and dynamic
program will have you creating publication-quality
graphs in minutes The superior, professional,
impressive graphs will be wowing your audience every
time they see your graphs.

Customize any portion of any graph to make the
graph completely unique to your situation
Create your own custom graphs by using the updated
easy to follow Graph Wizard.
Add legends, curve fits, annotations, and drawing
objects to complete the graph.
Organize your objects in the improved Object
Manager and edit your graphs in the updated
Property Inspector
Create templates to use the same graph settings
with multiple data files.
Save the graphs in Grapher 5, Grapher 6, or
Grapher 7 GRF formats or Grapher 5, Grapher 6, or
Grapher 7 GPJ formats to make sharing documents
between colleagues easier than ever
Automate the graphing process with the included
Scripter.
Record your graph making process with the Script
Recording feature inside Grapher
Export graphs for use in presentations and
publications in one of Grapher's many export
formats, including vector PDF, EMF, and EPS.

Create one of 54 unique graph types. There are four
different types of 2D graphs that can be created in
Grapher: linear, bar, polar, and specialty graph
types. In addition, many of these graph types are
available with a 3D aspect. If you need an extra
variable plotted on your graph, try one of the 3D
XYZ graphs, the contour maps, or surface maps

INSTALLATION NOTES

TLB'
Try it, Like it, Buy it

1. Unpack and install.
2. Use a generated serial to register the program.

That's all. Have fun using it -)