 http://bayimg.com/pAofgaacb

Three Came Home (1950)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0043041/

Three Came Home (1950) is a wartime film made by Twentieth Century-Fox, based on the memoirs of the same name by writer Agnes Newton Keith. It depicts Keith s life in North Borneo in the period immediately before the Japanese invasion in 1942, and her subsequent internment and suffering, separated from her husband Harry, and with a young son to care for. Keith was initially interned at Berhala Island near Sandakan, but spent most of her captivity at Batu Lintang camp at Kuching, Sarawak.

Adapted and produced by Nunnally Johnson, directed by Jean Negulesco, the film starred Claudette Colbert in the lead role. The New York Times reviewer said,  It will shock you, disturb you, tear your heart out. But it will fill you fully with a great respect for a heroic soul. 


 Claudette Colbert ...  Agnes Newton Keith 
 Patric Knowles ...  Harry Keith 
 Florence Desmond ...  Betty Sommers 
 Sessue Hayakawa ...  Colonel Suga 
 Sylvia Andrew ...  Henrietta 
 Mark Keuning ...  George Keith 
 Phyllis Morris ...  Sister Rose 
 Howard Chuman ...  Lieutenant Nekata 


Based on Agnes Newton Keith s bestselling 1947 memoir, Three Came Home (1950) tells Keith s harrowing true story of survival in a POW camp during World War II. In the film, Mrs. Keith (played by Claudette Colbert) is an American writer living in North Borneo with her British husband Harry (Patric Knowles) and young son George (Mark Keuning) when the war breaks out. When Japanese soldiers invade the area, Mrs. Keith is separated from her husband and taken to a POW camp with George where they spend the next three years. Keith must endure agonizing hardships in order to survive and care for her son, each day holding on to hope that they will all one day be reunited as a family.

Nunnally Johnson produced Three Came Home and adapted Keith s book into the screenplay for Twentieth Century-Fox. Johnson wanted the film to be as true to the source as possible and capture the harsh reality of Keith s ordeal, which included violence, starvation, torture and rape.

Claudette Colbert gives one of the best performances of her career in Three Came Home. She knew that the role would be rough and physical at times, but like writer/producer Nunnally Johnson, she believed that the more realistic the movie was, the more powerful it would be. The usually glamorous actress gave up her vanity to show the physical effects of starvation and hardship inside a POW camp. The film also called for Colbert to be beaten and tortured on camera, something unusually graphic for its day, which took its toll on the actress physically. While filming a particularly brutal scene in which her character is being tortured, Colbert suffered a severe back injury. The injury, which would plague her for years, cost her the starring role in what was supposed to be her next picture: All About Eve (1950). Still, Colbert had no regrets making Three Came Home, which she considered one of her best films.  You know I m not given to exaggeration,â