Classic Mac Kickstart
Version 1.0, April 24, 2010
By M

INTRODUCTION

You have an old Macintosh -- one that is new enough to have a SuperDrive, but that is older than an iMac. For some unknown reason, instead of throwing it away, you want to get it running again.

This CD-ROM image will make your job easier. Burn it to a standard CD-R with any burning program, and you will have an HFS-compatible CD-ROM containing all the files you need to kickstart your old Mac. (The HFS-compatible part is what makes this image valuable. Try using a modern computer to make a CD-ROM that an old Mac will read, and you will find the experience slow and frustrating.)

HOWTO

First, you'll need to start with a real, physical floppy disk and a working modern computer that has a floppy drive. Sorry about that; I couldn't figure out how to make this CD bootable. Using high-density drive on a Mac or PC, copy Boot75withCD.img to a floppy. Search the web for "rawrite" to find an appropriate utility. (Yes, you can create high-density Mac floppies on a PC.)

Now boot your Mac with that floppy. You should be taken to the Desktop, and the Apple CD-ROM driver should be loaded. Now stick in this CD-ROM. You can now install System 6.0.8, System 7, System 7.0.1, or System 7.5.3 (with update to 7.5.5) depending on what kind of Mac you have.

(Actually, if your Mac is really old, you have probably figured out by now that you wanted to boot from the System 6.0.8 floppy. At least floppy disks can be erased.)

Once the basic System is running, you should install StuffIt Expander 5.5. This gives you the ability to open .bin, .hqx, and .sit files.

Now install DiskCopy. This lets you mount .img files.

Finally, install Fetch and get your network settings right.

Congratulations! You now have a working Mac that can download and install more programs from the Internet. Have fun.

NOTES

All these files can be downloaded from Apple's site. It's unlikely Apple will care that they're being made available in this slightly more convenient form.