Debbie ( played by vivid Girl Cassidey ) and her BFF (best friend forever) Shauna ( played by Pixie Pearl ) are working set of a porn version of the video for Nirvana's iconic song "Smells Like Teen Spirit" – with a ribald substitute for the word "spirit." When they meet up with New kids on the block Bambi ( played by Charlotte Stokely ) and her BFF Tammy ( played by Dana DeArmond ) who are eager to check out the scene. The Deeze ( played by Tommy Pistol BEST NEW COMER avn award 2007 ) who's van is parked just out side so he can provide a nourishing meal, concert tickets and always free MP3s. Deeze is quick to take one of the girls on an inspiring drive to the Grope Slope. Alt porn like any emerging subculture movement is quick to have its posers. Bambi and Tammy quickly infiltrate porn scene, and become ubiquitous.

Dallas ( a band in this Debbie movie ) just dropped a new EP and are set to play at the Rezon club. Debbie has her mind set on making time with Punky ( played by Alex Gonz ) Dallas's lead singer. Despite her relationship with her dead beat BF Josh ( played by James Deen ). Bambi has similar goals and her dad, Mr. Greenfleld, gets in the mix too. He is the owner of Silver Throat Records who is looking to sign Punky's band, Dallas, but he seems uninterested.

Punky is EZ for Debbie to find on Instant messenger or in her day dreams but much harder IRL ( in real life ). This wild goose chase has the girls scurrying all over town...from the Residue Studios where Dallas is working on a new full length...back stage where there are door guys to get blown...even Punky's shady assistant Tatum McNichol's ( played by Mick Maravich of Shane's World NERDS fame ) cover gets blown when he tricks the girls to his room disguised as the young rocker himself. Well, Debbie Loves Dallas and Punky is a one women type of guy... I guess blowjobs don't count because it seems everyone gets put in their place by the end of this movie.

Eon McKai again puts his thumb in the eye of the adult entertainment establishment. Yet again getting his hands on one of adult films most treasured franchises. Debbie Loves Dallas ( the kids say D