Release Date : 2010-09-15
Nfo Date : 2010-09-15

Num. Disks : xx/50                      OS : WINALL
Nfo Time : 13:37                Rel Type : License
Cracker : Team Lz0              Archive : lz0.zip
Packer : Team Lz0                Rating : Your choice
Supplier : Team Lz0              Language : English
Protection : License  Patch

Requirements : N/A
Publisher URL : http://www.pgroup.com/
Publisher : PGI

(x)  Keyfile / License          (-)  Emulator
(-)  Patch                      (-)  Serial
(-)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (-)  Retail
(-)  Keygen                    (-)  Trainer
(-)  Loader                    (-)  Other

1999 - 2010

I N F O

PGI Workstation? is PGI's single-user scientific and
engineering compilers and tools product. PGI Workstation is
available in three language versions:

PGI Fortran Workstation?Fortran only
PGI C/C Workstation?C and C only
PGI Fortran/C/C Workstation?combined Fortran and C/C
PGI Fortran Workstation includes The Portland Group's
native parallelizing/optimizing FORTRAN 77, Fortran
90/95/03 and HPF compilers for 64-bit x64 and 32-bit x86
processor-based Linux, Apple Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows
workstations. PGI Fortran Workstation provides the
features, quality, and reliability necessary for developing
and maintaining advanced scientific and technical
applications.

PGI C/C Workstation includes The Portland Group's native
parallelizing/optimizing OpenMP C and ANSI C compilers.
The C compiler closely tracks the proposed ANSI standard
and is compatible with cfront versions 2 and 3. All C
functions are compatible with Fortran and C functions, so
you can compose programs from components written in all
three languages.

PGI Workstation includes the OpenMP and MPI enabled PGDBG
parallel debugger and PGPROF performance profiler that can
debug and profile up to eight local MPI processes. PGI
Workstation also includes several versions of precompiled
MPICH message passing libraries.

PGI Workstation includes a single user node-locked license
for Linux, Mac OS X or Microsoft Windows. Volume packs of
five or more single user node-locked licenses are also
available. Volume packs are multi-platform licenses may be
mixed by operating system up to the maximum count. PGI
Server offers the same features as PGI Workstation but
includes a multi-user network floating license.

PGI Workstation for both Mac OS X and Windows consists of
command-level versions of the PGI compilers and both
command-level and graphical versions of the PGDBG debugger
and PGPROF performance profiler. An integrated development
environment (IDE) is neither provided nor supported. As a
separate product, PGI Visual Fortran fully integrates PGI
Fortran compilers and tools into Microsoft Windows using
Microsoft Visual Studio.

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install.
2) Place keyfile in program/game directory.
3) Enjoy this release
