File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:40

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 8233 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.17 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"4th of July (Fireworks)" is the second single from Kelis' fifth album, Flesh Tone. The single was released in June in North America and will be released in July in the United Kingdom.

The video was co-directed by Kelis, John "Rankin" Waddell and Nicole Ehrlich in the desert outside of Los Angeles. The video depicts Kelis as the four natural elements (Earth, wind, water and fire).

In the UK, Kelis performed the song on Later with Jools Holland and on T4. Kelis will perform the song for the first time on North American television on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno  on June 18th.

Flesh Tone is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer–songwriter Kelis. It is the singer's first album since joining the Interscope Records family under the will.i.am music group brand. It was released on May 17, 2010 in worldwide and the United Kingdom. The album is due for release on July 6, 2010 in the United States and Canada.

The album sees Kelis move into electronica and dance music compared to the previous urban sound of her last album Kelis Was Here (2006). The new sound and vision is thanks to collaborations with Ammo, Jean Baptiste, Benny Benassi, Burns, Diplo, David Guetta, Boys Noize, Free School, DJ Switch and will.i.am.

She has also worked with David Guetta on a number of collaborations for the album including the preceding lead single, "Acapella" which spent one week at the top of the U.S. Hot Dance Club Songs chart and reached number five in the UK.

The album gained mainly positive views. Nick Levine from Digital Spy stated: "It works, and it works wonderfully, because she's committed herself unequivocally. At just 37 minutes from start to finish, Flesh Tone may be short, but it's properly relentless, a ballad-free, constantly-throbbing bop-til-you-drop dance record joined together by some intriguing segue pieces". Spin Magazine named the album as one of its "25 Summer Albums That Matter Most".

Kelis Rogers (previously Jones; born August 21, 1980), (Loudspeaker.svg /kəˈliːs/), is an American R&B singer-songwriter. She is a BRIT Award winner and has been nominated for two Grammy Awards. She became known worldwide for her third studio album Tasty, released in 2003 and has so far become Kelis's most successful album to date, selling over 2 million albums worldwide, and earning critical acclaim upon release. The album also featured her biggest hit, "Milkshake," which became well-known in Western popular culture. Kelis has sold a estimated 8 million records worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/