Heart - Alive in Seattle 

From Amazon.com
Sisters Ann and Nancy Wilson and the rest of Heart are in good form in this solid if unspectacular 100-minute concert video, shot in 2002 in their hometown of Seattle. The sisters, of course, are a good deal older (and, in Ann's case, considerably, um, bigger) than in Heart's '70s heyday, and their bandmates have changed, but the group's sound, led by Ann's powerful vocals and Nancy's instrumental versatility, hasn't changed much; that's a good thing for those who revel in the likes of "Barracuda," "Magic Man," and other oldies. There are several brand-new songs here as well, and the ongoing influence of Led Zeppelin is readily apparent, not only in the covers of Zep classics like "Black Dog" and "The Battle of Evermore" but also in Heart's commingling of pastoral acoustic sounds and hard rock. And after 19 songs, even the most ardent Heart lovers should be well satisfied. --Sam Graham
Video Details
Music's most famous sisters, Ann and Nancy Wilson, have been successfully writing and performing chart-toppers since their 1975 debut album. From acoustic to folk to hard-driving rock 'n' roll, the ladies instill emotional energy into every song. This special hometown concert showcases a rich musical legacy that's distinctively Heart! Songs: Barracuda, Sister Wild Rose, Mistral Wind, Wild Child, Dog and Butterfly, Magic Man, Crazy on You, Dreamboat Annie, Love Alive, These Dreams, Alone, Two Faces of Eve, Break the Rock, Heaven, Straight On, Black Dog, The Witch, Mona Lisa and Mad Hatters, Battle of Evermore.
Synopsis
Under the guidance of sisters Ann and Nancy Wilson, Heart achieved major album success in the '70s, and then softened their approach enough to score some hit singles in the '80s. This video captures the band performing before an adoring crowd in Seattle, the band's and the sisters' hometown. The group performs hits from every phase of their career including "Crazy on You," "Barracuda," "Alone," and "These Dreams." ~ Perry Seibert, All Movie Guide
DVD Menu

    * Side #1 --
          o Program Start
          o Track List
          o Photo Gallery
          o Audio Selection
                + Dolby Digital 5.0
                + Dolby Digital 2.0
                + DTS 5.0
          o Liner Notes
          o Special Thanks 

DVD Chapters
Side #1 --
1. Crazy on You
2. Sister Wild Rose
3. The Witch
4. Straight On
5. These Dreams
6. Mistral Wind
7. Alone
8. Dog and Butterfly
9. Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters
10. Battle of Evermore
11. Heaven
12. Magic Man
13. Two Faces of Eve
14. Love Alive
15. Break the Rock
16. Barracuda
17. Wild Child
18. Black Dog
19. Dreamboat Annie
20. End Credits 