Joseph Spence: The Complete Folkways Recordings, 1958
FLAC image + CUE sheet + PDF booklet

Label: Smithsonian Folkways Recordings - SFW40066
Source: Archive Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage
Year: 1992

Credits: Photography by Ann Danberg Charters ; Design by Joan Wolbier ; Mastered by Alan Yoshida ; Mastered by The Mastering Lab, Hollywood, CA ; Compiled by Samuel Charters ; Notes Edited by Samuel Charters ; Liner Notes by Samuel Charters ; Recorded by Samuel Charters ; Artist Joseph Spence ; Produced by Samuel Barclay Charters ; Recorded by Samuel Barclay Charters 

Recorded at Fresh Creek Settlement, Andros, Bahamas on July 23, 1958. [At Mr. Spence's front porch]

Sam Charters first recorded Bahamian guitarist Joseph Spence on Andros Island in July 1958. Spence, long out of work as a stonemason, had used his time to perfect a unique style of playing. Charters took Spence as a model for what he wanted to hear in other Bahamian guitarists. Originally issued in 1959 as Folkways 3844 and part of Folkways 3847.


Download Booklet (also included in torrent): 
 
http://media.smithsonianfolkways.org/liner_notes/smithsonian_folkways/SFW40066.pdf

Handy guide to FLAC imagery and CUE sheetery (read before complaining): 
 
http://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=75295


Reviews:

"When a 47-year-old stonemason living in the Bahamas met with writer Sam Charters and his tape recorder, he couldn't have known the history he would make. These field recordings have since inspired, shaped, and boggled a generation of acoustic guitarists. You can hear Spence's intricate and polyrhythmic percussive style in players as diverse as Ry Cooder and Leo Kottke. Although only nine tracks long, this CD is seminal folk blues, and includes Spence's improvisational, almost Cubist, reworkings of traditional, mostly spiritual, tunes: "Brown Skin Gal," "Face to Face I Shall Know Him," "Lord Is My Shepherd," "When I Lay My Burden Down," and what might be called his signature tune "Comin' in on a Wing and a Prayer."" --Roy Francis Kasten (amazon.com)

"These were Spence's first recordings, made in 1958, and they remain his most virtuosic. Apparently, he had been playing virtually non-stop for several months, and the speed, precision, and imagination of these performances is astounding. Samuel Charters, who made the recordings, chose to mike the guitar and not Spence's voice--frankly, I miss the singing, but this makes the disc a special treat for guitarists. --Elijah Wald (http://www.elijahwald.com/spence.html)


Other Quotes:

"Musically you couldn’t find a better example of somebody who has assimilated their influences into a wonderful style. He’s got incredible strength in delivery; it’s just seldom heard anymore. His music is delightful, and it's got so many wonderful twists in it." --Taj Mahal

[Joseph Spence is] "someone who breaks through whatever the dominant style or conventional approach might be, and makes a new statement." --Ry Cooder


Tracklist:

1 Coming In On A Wing And A Prayer 
2 There Will Be A Happy Meeting In Glory 	
3 Brownskin Gal 
4 I'm Going To Live That Life 
5 Face To Face That I Shall Known Him 	
6 Jump In The Line 	
7 Bimini Gal 	
8 The Lord Is My Shepherd 	
9 (Glory, Glory) When I Lay My Burden Down 	

