Genre: Experimental Rock
Release Date: Dec 5, 2000
Source: DVD-A 96/24 5.1 MLP
Resampler: Adobe Audition 3
Encoder: SurCode DVD-DTS
Format: DTS CD (bin/cue)
Sample Rate: 44.1 kHz
Bit Rate: 1.234 Mb/s
Runtime: 67 minutes
Channels: 5.1


For years before the release of their debut CD AUDIO, the Blue Man Group had been dazzling audiences with theatrical performances that featured their unique music along with their zany yet focused visual presentation. Onstage, the trio (augmented by additional instrumentalists) plays a percussive, almost tribal brand of instrumental music that involves both ancient instruments such as the cimbalom, and Blue Man-invented items including the Drumbone and the Drum Wall. With a combination of Ennio Morricone-ish guitar lines, overwhelming percussive thumping, and a combination of acoustic, electric, and electronic sounds, the music of the Blue Man Group suggests some alternative universe where pop as we know it has a slightly skewed character.

When Blue Man Group was composing AUDIO, they discovered the incredible depth of DVD 5.1 Surround Sound and decided to release both a stereo mix and a surround sound mix. Although a traditional stereo mix would prove to be a quality medium for Blue Man Group’s first venture into recorded music, the 5.1 Surround Sound mix would truly capture the range and magnitude of their unique sound.


TrackList:

01. Mandelgroove
02. PVC IV
03. TV Song
04. Synaesthetic
05. Utne Wire Man
06. Rods and Cones
07. Tension 2
08. Opening Mandelbrot
09. Club Nowhere
10. Drumbone
11. Shadows
12. Cat Video
13. Klein Mandelbrot
14. Endless Column

    Bonus Tracks:

15. Last Train to Transcentral
16. Credits Track


Note: Track no.16 is an unofficial bonus track, ripped from the credits from the DVD Audio disc. It's a more "plain" version of "Last Train to Transcentral" (originally by The KLF)


WARNING: This CD requires DTS compatible equipment or software for playback. Don't play this on equipment that isn't compatible because you'll only hear static and it can damage your speakers!

Burn the CD image on a regular CD-R or mount it with a virtual CD/DVD tool like Daemon Tools. You can play it on any computer with a software DVD player like KMPlayer, PowerDVD or WinDVD.


Cheers,

ADHDerby