. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                       
                                                     
                                            
                
                   
            
                
                        
                 
                 
               
                         
                          
                 
                   
                          
                         
                   
            
                
           
                   
                      
       
               
                
                     
                 
                           
                             
                  
           
          
                             
      ,,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,     
                                                       
           ....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....          
                                         
                                                 
              Gilisoft Private Disk v1.1               
                Incl KeyMaker and Patch                
                                              
           
              
                            
                                                
                                                               
                                                             
      Released on 03/20/10 for exclusive usage by            
        members of the release scene. This isnt something        
        to share with your school mates and not for sale.        
      Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it!       
                                                             
      Company ..: GiliSoft International LLC                 
       Url ......: http://www.gilisoft.com                     
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
            Release Information              
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       GiliSoft Private Disk is a software which will make       
     transparent encryption using virtual hard               
     drives.GiliSoft Private Disk uses a real-time           
     on-the-fly encryption system to encrypt and decrypt     
      data. Your files are stored in the encrypted form        
     on virtual hard drive with password authentication,     
     but when it is requested by any application, it         
       gets decrypted on-the-fly. Conversely, unencrypted        
       data to be stored is encrypted instantaneously and        
     then stored. GiliSoft Private Disk mounts a volume      
     file to create a "virtual drive" that appears to        
     applications and users like any other physical          
      drive. Any data that the user attempts to write to       
     this drive is intercepted by kernal driver,             
     encrypted, and written to the volume file.Attempts      
       to read from this volume are also intercepted, and        
       the relevant data is read by kernal driver from the       
     volume file, decrypted, and presented to the            
     application trying to read the data.                    
     Dismounting the "virtual drive" ensures that data       
      cannot be read from or written to it. All data is        
     stored encrypted within the "container". As far as      
     windows is concerned, there is a 'new' disk that        
       has suddenly appeared.When the program exists or          
       the volume is unmounted, the file system stays            
     encrypted and there is absolutely no way anyone can     
     recover/get the data without the pass phrase.           
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
               Install Notes                 
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       1. Unpack/Install                                         
     2. Apply Patch                                          
     3. Use KeyMaker to generate valid serial                
     4. Enjoy                                                
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
                Group Notes                  
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       You got something to offer like                           
                                                             
               * supplies (either ISO or DDL)                
               * cracking skills                             
                * pizza                                        
                                                             
     and want to join the only scene family in existance?    
       Then just ask around on IRC (maybe even your girl-        
       friend may know one of our council members, be it         
     the one or the other way...) and lets see if you        
     fit into one of our open positions!                     
                                                             
                                                               
                      Signed,                                
                          - TEAM DVT -                       
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                       
                                                   
                                             
                                         
                    
        
                      
                  
                  
                  
                
                 
                       
                            
                                 
                                             
                                                  
                                          
                                         (( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha ))