Enemy Engaged - RAH-66 Comanche vs. Ka-52 Hokum for PC              Rel. 07/31/2000

                        
Format:        CD-R
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        Helicopter Combat Simulation
Platform:      PC - XP & Vista (Also works for Windows 2000)
Protection:    CD-Checks (Working NO-CD Crack Included).
Requirements:  Joystick Recommended 


Compressed with WinRar, Game was tested and ran fine.
Try 7zip its free google it, if you don't have WinRar.



Minimum system requirements:

•  Processor: 100% PC compatible
•  CPU: Pentium 266 MHz or higher
•  RAM: 64MB
•  Hard Drive: 300MB free space (uncompressed)
•  CD-ROM Drive: 4X speed required
•  Video: 8MB DirectX compatible 3D accelerator card 
•  Sound: DirectX compatible
•  Keyboard & Mouse: Microsoft compatible 



Release Notes - This Game will work for Windows 2000, Win XP, & Vista. (Should 
                also work for Win 95, 98, & ME but not 100% sure).


Known Bugs - There is a bug I encountered at the main menu screen with the mouse 
             it showed 2 mouse icons, and windows mouse shows thru game for some 
             reason. You may or may not have this problem in Vista this bug didn't 
             happen. Just remember to set your joystick for cyclic, Throttle for 
             Collective (Or keyboard if you don't have built-in throttle on your 
             Joystick.) And Pedals keyboard in the options menu under controls.
             
             

Installation Instructions:

1. Mount the Image with Dameon Tools (Included in Download).

2. Install Game by running Setup.exe.

3. Extract Patch v1.4.6x to Game directory replacing original exe file.

5. Copy Patch.exe file from crack folder named 'v1.4.6 No-CD Crack' to game 
   directory and double click Patch.exe to remove CD-Check.

6. If you have XP or Vista go to Game Directory Right Click cohokum.exe click 
   properties, select compatibility mode for Windows 2000.

7. If Your Firewall says game is attempting to montior user activies when
   you start click allow and select remember settings or the game won't
   run. Also Allow Internet Access Attempts click remember and allow.
   (Don't worry it isn't virus or spyware its joystick and keycommands for 
   game, and for multi-player).

8. Done!



Game Description:

A "sequel" to Apache/Havoc, this game features the RAH-66 Comanche (NATO) vs. the Ka-52 Hokum (Warsaw Pact). Control both the pilot and gunner stations. Multiple reality options let you tune the game to your liking. Improved control options, graphics, gameplay and more. There are three semi-dynamic campaigns set in Lebanon, Yemen, and Taiwan.

Take control of two of the most devastating war machines ever created: American-made RAH-66 Comanche attack helicopter and the Russian-made KA-52 Hokum. Always on the front lines of the most heated battles, this game will deploy you in hot spots and border disputes in Taiwan, Yemen, and Lebanon. This simulator features precise avionics, authentic weaponry, and options for both the grizzled sim veteran and the greenhorn alike. The game is designed to work with Enemy Engaged: Apache Havoc, allowing you to bring the Apache and Havoc gun ships into these missions and vice versa. Enemy Engaged: Comanche Vs. Hokum supports co-op and versus multiplayer sorties for up to 16 players via LAN, Internet, or serial connection.


Game Pics Included.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).


Enjoy!	