 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51SJGtLkg1L._SS500_.jpg


Title: Burlesque - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
Artists: Christina Aguilera and Cher
Audio CD (November 22, 2010)
Original Release Date: 2010
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Soundtrack
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Something's Got a Hold on Me - Christina Aguilera 
02. Welcome to Burlesque - Cher
03. Tough Lover - Christina Aguilera 
04. But I Am a Good Girl - Christina Aguilera 
05. Guy What Takes His Time - Christina Aguilera 
06. Express - Christina Aguilera 
07. You Haven't Seen the Last of Me - Cher
08. Bound to You - Christina Aguilera 
09. Show Me How You Burlesque - Christina Aguilera 
10. Beautiful People, The [From Burlesque] - Christina Aguilera 


Amazon Description:
Burlesque, the soundtrack to the Sony Pictures film Burlesque, starring Christina Aguilera and Cher. The highly anticipated soundtrack features new recordings performed and co-written by five time Grammy winner Christina Aguilera, with production by Tricky Stewart, Linda Perry and Ron Fair and songwriting by Claude Kelly, Tricky Stewart and Sia. The soundtrack also features two brand new tracks performed by the legendary Cher, including "You Haven't Seen The Last Of Me", a powerful Diane Warren penned ballad which was produced by Matt Serletic. This marks Cher's first new original song in seven years as well as her first movie musical. The soundtrack also includes remakes / covers of classic songs such as Etta James' "Something's Got A Hold On Me" and "Tough Lover" and Mae West's "A Guy What Takes His Time" all performed by Christina Aguilera. 

Allmusic Review:
The soundtrack to Christina Aguilera's silver screen debut Burlesque shines the spotlight on Xtina, who is in full-bore diva mode -- a return to the splashy swing of Back to Basics after the robotic R&B of Bionic. Of course, many of her collaborators from Bionic remain on Burlesque: Tricky Stewart is responsible for the glitzy dance, and Sia Furler co-writes the ballads, their contributions slotted between two Cher songs designed to push the narrative forward, two Etta James covers, a slice of heavy camp in the mincing “But I’m a Good Girl,” and a Nicole Scherzinger co-written interpolation of Marilyn Manson's “The Beautiful People” that provides a bewildering conclusion to this soundtrack. Some of this stuff is quite good, particularly when Christina swings her hips to Etta's lead, bringing to mind the zest of “Ain’t No Other Man.”

