SYNOPSIS:

The Malaysian bosom buddies Yadi and Mafiz have a clear destination in mind for their journey: Manchester in England. Yadi is fan of Manchester United and of George Best while Mafiz wants to look for his father, who once left as a seaman for Liverpool. Just as important is the fact that there is nothing to do in the rural village of Jemapoh. Unless you want to count cows. With a mixture of naivety and determination, the two friends set off. In a 'borrowed' car, without the vaguest notion of what awaits them or even where Manchester is. On the way they meet Lini and Mila, who have their own reasons for tagging along with the two. At first the new traveling companions drive a wedge between the two friends, but the adventures they have on their way create a tight bond between the four of them. Whether they will ever reach Manchester is still dubious at the end of the film, but they have probably already found what they were really looking for.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Filem yang berlatarkan zaman 70-an ini mengisahkan dua anak muda Yadi dan Mafiz dari sebuah kampung di Jemapoh, Negeri Sembilan dalam perjalanan ke England untuk mencapai hasrat masing-masing.


Yadi ingin ke Manchester untuk melihat bintang bola sepak kesayangannya George Best sementara Mafiz ingin mencari ayahnya seorang kelasi yang dikatakan berada di Liverpool.

Dalam perjalanan itu, banyak halangan pahit manis yang terpaksa ditempuhi. Mereka bertemu dengan beberapa watak seperti penyanyi mencari kekasih dan gadis yang lari daripada perangkap bapa ayam.

Lakonan : Acui Zul Karnian, Indra Syahril, Arista Akma, Fariza Azlina, Amran Nasaruddin, Syed Bakar Syed Salim, Razak Khaliq, Maimon Abdul Muttalib, Bohari Ibrahim, Kassim Selamat, Anas Ruzki, Karim Afuan, Kamil Othman, Dollah Seman, Sabrina Ibrahim, Kuman, Alwi Malik, Haji Shahbudin Kassim, Syed Ismail Syed Ali, Kinah Hassan, Yuswan Yusoff, Maznah Che’ Zan, Datu Fachruddin Dawila, Wan Azli Wan Jusoh, Hell Angel Chapter Pasoh, Hell Angel Chapter Naga Mas, Hell Angel Chapter Cheras, Hell Angel Chapter Petaseh, Hell Angel Chapter K. Klawang, Hell Angel Chapter Paragon, Rebel Force 2, Kumpulan Carburetor Dung

Arahan : Hishamuddin Rais

Terbitan : Pitcairns Film / Paya Dara Production / Halim Sabir Production

Tarikh Tayangan : 02 Ogos 2001
