UPDATE Nov 20 2010  Add these tracker urls if you are having problems especially if you are not using DHT (the stats here are not good usually there are more seeders & peers than shown.

->http://tracker.publicbt.com/announce
->udp://tracker.publicbt.com:80/announce

thepiratebay trackers no longer works, the http-openbitorrent doesn't work and the udp-openbitorrent is flaky 


Actual Title of this DVD André Téchiné Collectors Edition Disc 3 Wild Reeds
Cover shown is not the same as this DVD
Movies : Drama : DVD Full : French
Gay, Gay Interest, Coming Out, Male Nudity
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111019/
IMDb rating7.5/10 2,124 votes

Director André Téchiné

In a village in the Southwest of France, 1962. Maite and Francois are 18 years old. They are friends, not lovers. In Francois's classroom, there are Serge, whose brother has just married to try to escape from the war in Algeria, and Henri, a pied-noir (Algerian-born Frenchman). Francois and Serge will have a homosexual relationship, but Serge wants to marry his brother's wife... Written by Yepok

RP review
5.0 Stars
I wouldn't call this a "gay movie" per se -- the story develops four characters, students at a French boarding school in the lush countryside somewhere near Toulouse, only one of whom is gay -- but I liked the treatment of the gay boy's sexual awakening and coming-out. How many others as adolescents "experimented" sexually with another boy, developed feelings for that other, and then faced the reality that he is not actually gay? Been there, done that. The other three characters and their stories are also engaging and extremely well acted. I loved the backdrop of the French war in Algeria, and I loved the end of this film: there is no resolution to anything; life just goes on. This is one of the better French films I've seen and I'll definitely add it to my "see-again" list.

César Awards, France
Year Result Award Category/Recipient(s)
1995 Won César Best Director (Meilleur réalisateur)
André Téchiné

Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards
Year Result Award Category/Recipient(s)
1995 Won LAFCA Award Best Foreign Film
André Téchiné

National Society of Film Critics Awards, USA
Year Result Award Category/Recipient(s)
1996 Won NSFC Award Best Foreign Language Film

New York Film Critics Circle Awards
Year Result Award Category/Recipient(s)
1995 Won NYFCC Award Best Foreign Language Film
France.


Actual Title of this DVD André Téchiné Collectors Edition Disc 3 Wild Reeds
Runtime:110 min
NTSC 720 x480
aspect ratio: 16/9
Scan type Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) 0.442
Language French
Audio AC-3 192 Kbps L-R
Subtitles English, Spanish

DVDRip DVDFab 6.2.2
Full uncompressed including JACKET Folder
menu, chapter selection, language selections
Secondary subs software selectable.
No extras were on this DVD


PLEASE RATE THIS MOVIE AFTER DOWNLOADING AND VIEWING