PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 338986E53911AEAE2FB2A72F8E93A56762998468
File Size: 3.87 GB
Labels: Mercury, Universal, Phonogram, Vertigo, Polygram, Island


Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent:


On Through The Night 1980 (Deluxe Edition)
High and Dry 1981 818 836-2 *
Pyromania 1983 810 308-2 *
Hysteria 1987 830 675-2 *
Adrenalize 1992 510 978-2 *
Retro Active 1993		
Slang 1996
Euphoria 1999	
X 2002
Yeah! 2006
Songs from the Sparkle Lounge 2008


* denotes my rip


I need to thank some fellow uploaders as not all the rips are mine. Thanks to Demonoid members KingMcQueen for Euphoria, Shitthebed for Slang and Obbrich for Retroactive, X and Yeah! From his discography. Thanks guys! 



Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Def Leppard are a hard rock and heavy metal band from Sheffield, England, which formed in 1977 as part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement. Since 1992, the band have consisted of Joe Elliott (vocals), Phil Collen (guitar), Vivian Campbell (guitar), Rick Savage (bass guitar), and Rick Allen (drums).

The band's strongest commercial success came in the early 1980s to the early 1990s. Their 1981 album High 'n' Dry was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange, who helped them begin to define their style, and the album's stand out track "Bringin' On the Heartbreak" became one of the first metal videos played on MTV in 1982. The bands next studio album Pyromania in 1983, with the lead single "Photograph", turned Def Leppard into a household name. In 2004, the album ranked number 384 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.[3]

Def Leppard's fourth album Hysteria released in 1987, topped the U.S and UK album charts. As of 2009 it has 12x platinum sales in the United States, and has gone on to sell over 20 million copies worldwide.[4] The album spawned seven hit singles, including the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number one "Love Bites", alongside "Pour Some Sugar on Me", "Hysteria", "Armageddon It", "Animal" and "Rocket".

Their next studio album Adrenalize (the first following the death of guitarist Steve Clark) reached number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and UK Album Chart in 1992, and contained several hits including, "Let's Get Rocked" and "Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad". Their 1993 album Retro Active contained the acoustic hit song "Two Steps Behind", while their greatest hits album Vault released in 1995 featured the new track "When Love & Hate Collide".

As one of the world's best-selling music artists, Def Leppard have sold over 65 million albums worldwide, and have two albums with RIAA diamond certification, Pyromania and Hysteria.[5] They are one of only five rock bands with two original studio albums selling over 10 million copies in the U.S.[6] The band were ranked #31 in VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".[7] Def Leppard continue to play concerts in stadiums, arenas and rock festivals around the world, and plan to tour again in 2011. 






On Through The Night 1980


On Through the Night is the debut album by British heavy metal band Def Leppard, released in 1980. The album charted at #51 on The Billboard 200[1] and #15 on the UK Albums Chart[2].It features rerecorded versions of "Rocks Off" and "Overture", tracks from the band's original independently released EP, The Def Leppard E.P. Other tracks are rerecorded versions of early demos, some of which appeared on the First Strike and Warchild bootlegs. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on May 9, 1989. The band have stated on many occasions that they do not like this album (which is rawer in sound and more in line with NWOBHM bands like Saxon) and consider High 'n' Dry their first proper album. Aside from a select few extremely rare performances of "Wasted" and "Rock Brigade" over the years, the album has been completely ignored in their live sets since the mid-1980s.

"Wasted," "Rock Brigade" (b/w "When The Walls Came Tumbling Down") and "Hello America" were released as singles. However, the version of "Wasted" that appears on the single is a different recording from that of the LP, as is its b-side, "Hello America".

This album was produced by Tom Allom, perhaps best known for his work with Judas Priest, and is one of the only Def Leppard albums that receive little or no radio airplay, as compared to the likes of their later albums like Pyromania or Hysteria.


Tracks: 

Rock Brigade
Hello America
Sorrow is a Woman
It Could Be You
Satellite
When The Walls Came Tumbling Down
Wasted
Rocks Off
It Don’t Matter
Answer to the Master
Overture







High ‘n’ Dry  1981


High 'n' Dry is the second studio album by British heavy metal band Def Leppard, released on July 11, 1981. Its title song, "High 'n' Dry (Saturday Night)", made #33 on VH1's 40 Greatest Metal Songs. High 'n' Dry was Pete Willis' last full time album with Def Leppard.The album charted at #38 on The Billboard 200[1] and #26 on the UK Albums Chart[2].


Due to the success of Pyromania, High 'n' Dry was reissued on 31 May 1984 with two bonus tracks:

•	"Bringin' On the Heartbreak (remix)", essentially the same recording with a few synthesizer overdubs. The remix was released in 1984 as a single, peaking at #61 in the UK charts.
•	"Me & My Wine (remix)", a remixed version of a 1981 B-side. Its video parodied The Young Ones with band members playing the roles.

Videos for both were made, featuring Phil Collen (who was not in the band at the time of the album's recording). Both bonus tracks were deleted from the mid-1990s re-releases of the album.


Tracks: 


1.	"Let It Go"  
2.	"Another Hit and Run"  
3.	"High 'n' Dry (Saturday Night)"  
4.	"Bringin' on the Heartbreak"  
5.	"Switch 625"  
6.	"You Got Me Runnin'"  
7.	"Lady Strange"  
8.	"On Through the Night"  
9.	"Mirror, Mirror (Look Into My Eyes)"  
10.	"No No No"  
11.	"Bringin' On the Heartbreak" (Remix)
12.	"Me & My Wine" (Remix)







Pyromania 1983 


Pyromania is the third studio album by British rock band Def Leppard, released on January 20, 1983. It featured new guitarist Phil Collen and was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange.The album charted at #2 on The Billboard 200[2] and #18 on the UK Albums Chart[3].

The album was partially recorded with original guitarist Pete Willis, whose rhythm guitar tracks appear on all songs. Midway through the recording sessions, Willis was fired for excessive alcohol abuse and replaced by Phil Collen, who contributed guitar solos and other parts that had not yet been recorded by Willis. On the original LP release, Willis is visible in the background of the photograph of singer Joe Elliott, while Collen is given his own personal photo as the new full-time member of the group.

The LP release is one of the last albums to have the "Chicago Skyline" Mercury Records label. The print run with this label is small and is seen more often with the "black" label. Albums released later in 1983 such as Lick It Up by Kiss and The Hurting by Tears for Fears used the later "black" label at release.

Three songs from Pyromania, "Photograph", "Rock of Ages", and "Foolin'", became Top 40 singles in the US.

In 2004, the album ranked number 384 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.[4] In 2006, Q magazine placed the album at number 35 in its list of "40 Best Albums of the '80s". [5]

A Deluxe Edition of Pyromania was released on June 8, 2009, featuring a digitally remastered version of the album, plus a live bonus CD. The complete, unedited concert was originally broadcast over FM radio. The live bonus CD, of their September 11, 1983 show at the L.A. Forum, is heavily edited. Besides cutting out almost all of Joe Elliott's between-song banter, three songs themselves are heavily edited:

•	"Another Hit And Run" was edited from 10:18 to 6:14.
•	"Rock of Ages" was edited from 13:49 to 4:53.
•	The cover song "Travellin' Band" was edited from 8:43 to 5:31.
•	The entire 2.5 minute Phil Collen guitar solo after "Switch 625" was removed.


Tracks: 


1.	"Rock Rock (Till You Drop)"  
2.	"Photograph"  
3.	"Stagefright"  
4.	"Too Late for Love"  
5.	"Die Hard the Hunter"  
6.	"Foolin'"  
7.	"Rock of Ages"  
8.	"Comin' Under Fire"  
9.	"Action! Not Words"  
10.	"Billy's Got a Gun"






Hysteria 1987


Hysteria is the fourth studio album by the English hard rock band Def Leppard. It was released on August 3, 1987 through Mercury Records. It is the band's best-selling album to date, selling over 20 million copies worldwide, and spawning seven hit singles. The album charted at #1 on the Billboard 200[1] and #1 on the UK Albums Chart.[2] It was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange. The title of the album was thought up by drummer Rick Allen, relating to his experiences during the time of his auto accident, and the worldwide media coverage that followed. It's also the last album to feature guitarist Steve Clark, but their next album, Adrenalize is the last to feature his songwriting.

The album was the follow-up to the band's 1983 breakthrough Pyromania. Its creation process was one of the longest ever for a rock album[citation needed], taking over three years, and was plagued by many trials, such as the December 31, 1984 car accident that cost Rick Allen his left arm.

Subsequent to the release of the album, Def Leppard published a book on the tough times the band went through to record the album, including issues with production and Rick Allen's car crash. Ordering information was printed on the last page of the cover booklet inside the CD case.

At the time of the LP's release, this was the longest rock album ever released as a single LP or cassette,[citation needed] clocking in at just under 63 minutes long. This beat out Deep Purple's 1980 compilation Deepest Purple: The Very Best of Deep Purple, which was 61½ minutes long. The iconic album cover was designed by Andie Airfix of Satori, who has done other covers of Def Leppard albums before and since.

Initially, Hysteria was to be named "Animal Instinct" and produced by Lange, but he dropped out after pre-production sessions, citing exhaustion from a gruelling schedule from the past few years. Meat Loaf songwriter Jim Steinman was brought in. Steinman's involvement was a disaster because he was more interested in making a raw rock n' roll record and capturing the moment, warts and all, while the band was still interested in a bigger, more pristine pop production.[3] Joe Elliott later stated in interview: "Todd Rundgren produced (Meat Loaf's) Bat out of Hell. Jim Steinman WROTE it".[3] After parting ways with Steinman, the band tried to produce the album themselves with Lange's engineer Nigel Green with no success, as initial recordings sessions were entirely scrapped at this point.

On December 31, 1984, drummer Rick Allen lost his left arm when his Corvette flipped off a country road. Following the accident, the band stood by Allen's decision to return to the drum kit despite his disability, using a combination electronic/acoustic kit with a set of foot pedals that triggered (via MIDI) the hits he would have played with his left arm. The band slowly soldiered on until Mutt Lange made a surprise return a year later, and Allen mastered his customized drum kit. However, the sessions were further delayed by Lange's own auto accident (sustaining leg injuries from which he quickly recovered) and a bout of the mumps suffered by singer Joe Elliott during 1986.

The final recording sessions took place in January 1987 for the song "Armageddon It", but Lange spent another three months mixing the tracks. The album was finally released worldwide on August 3, 1987, with "Animal" as the lead single in most countries except for the US where "Women" was the first single.

Interestingly, in the liner notes to this album, the band apologized for the long wait between albums, and promised to never make fans wait that long between albums again. Later events, namely the death of Steve Clark would prove this untrue.

Fortunately for the band, their popularity in their homeland had significantly grown over the past four years, and Hysteria topped the charts in Britain in its first week of release. The album was also a major success in other parts of Europe. In the United States however the band at first struggled to regain the momentum of Pyromania that was lost from such a prolonged absence. The success of the album's fourth single, "Pour Some Sugar on Me" would propel the album to the top of the US Billboard 200 albums chart nearly a year after its release. In the Billboard issue dated October 8, 1988, Def Leppard held the number one spot on both the singles and album charts with "Love Bites" and Hysteria, respectively.

Hysteria went on to dominate album charts around the world for three years. RIAA x 12 platinum sales in America 2009. Hysteria currently sits as the 51st best selling album of all time in the US, and spent a record 96 weeks in the US Top 40.[4] The album has sold more than 20 million copies worldwide.[5]

The leadoff track, "Women", was selected as the first single for the US, instead of "Animal", in July 1987. Then-manager Cliff Burnstein reasoned that the band needed to reconnect with their hard rock audience first before issuing more Top 40-friendly singles. The strategy backfired somewhat as "Women" did not make a large impact on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #80. It was a top 10 hit on the rock chart though, peaking at #7. Six more singles were subsequently released in the United States, with "Love Bites" reaching #1 three others reaching the top ten. The singles earned similar success in the United Kingdom.

On October 24, 2006, a 2-CD "deluxe edition" of the album was released, including a re-mastering of the original b-sides and bonus tracks from the album's period. Many of these songs had been featured on Retro Active, albeit with remixes, revamps, and new parts added. The "Deluxe Edition" Hysteria deluxe CD included the original b-side versions of these recordings without alterations.

The album has earned critical acclaim from a number of sources. In 1988 Q magazine readers voted Hysteria as the 98th Greatest Album of All Time, while in 2004, the album was ranked at number 472 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time

The album's goal, set out by Lange, was to be a hard rock version of Michael Jackson's Thriller, in that every track was a potential hit single. Songs were therefore written with this concept in mind, disappointing heavy metal fans who clamored for a straight sequel to Pyromania. One song, "Love Bites," was already mostly written in the vein of a country ballad by Mutt Lange when he brought it to the band's attention.

While Pyromania contained traces of heavy metal, Hysteria removed them in favour of the latest sonic technology available at the time (best displayed on "Rocket", "Love Bites", "Excitable", and "Gods of War"). As with Pyromania, every song was recorded by every member in the studio separately instead of the whole band. The multiple vocal harmonies were enhanced by Lange's techniques, even pitching background vocals on all tracks. Guitar parts were now focused more on emphasising melody than hard rock's more basic and cliched riffs. The band used the Rockman amplifier, developed by guitarist Tom Scholz from the rock band Boston, to record the album.

In addition, all of the album's drum sounds were samples recorded by Lange and the engineers, then played from the Fairlight CMI. In a 1999 interview with Mix Magazine, engineer Mike Shipley noted, "Pyromania was done the same way, on cheesy 8-bit Fairlight technology where we had to figure out how to record everything at half speed into the Fairlight to make it sound like it had some tone to it, and we'd be stacking up a bunch of snares and bass drums." Shipley also noted that the drum sounds were dealt with last because each song's structure could change so radically, and because of technical difficulties.

This unique approach sometimes led to painstaking lengths of time in the recording studio. The smash single, "Pour Some Sugar on Me", was the last song written but was quickly finished within two weeks. In sharp contrast, the final version of "Animal" took almost a full three years to be developed but did become one of the bigger hits from the album.

This was a successful formula that Lange would later repeat with his now estranged wife Shania Twain in country music with the albums The Woman in Me and Come on Over.


Tracks: 


1.	"Women"  
2.	"Rocket"  
3.	"Animal"  
4.	"Love Bites"  
5.	"Pour Some Sugar on Me"  
6.	"Armageddon It" 
7.	"Gods of War"  
8.	"Don't Shoot Shotgun"  
9.	"Run Riot"  
10.	"Hysteria"  
11.	"Excitable"  
12.	"Love and Affection"






Adrenalize 1992


Adrenalize is the fifth studio album by British hard rock band Def Leppard, released in 1992. The album was the first by the band following the 1991 death of guitarist Steve Clark. It was produced by Mike Shipley and Def Leppard, with Robert John "Mutt" Lange as executive producer. The album charted at #1 on The Billboard 200[1] and #1 on the UK Albums Chart[2].


At the end of the Hysteria World Tour in October 1988, Def Leppard vowed to the press that their next album would not take another four years to be released, and quickly reconvened weeks later to start work. However, Steve Clark's alcoholism was taking a turn for the worse. Whereas touring had kept him sober onstage, offstage his condition was beginning to affect his work in the studio. In addition, Mutt Lange was unavailable to return as producer as he was working with Canadian rocker Bryan Adams on Waking Up the Neighbours.

The band chose to produce the album themselves. Steve's problems did not help to advance progress and in fact, was starting to set them back.[citation needed] In late 1989, Clark was found unconscious in a gutter in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was immediately sent to rehab, and band members (along with Lange) started attending confrontational therapy to attempt to shame him into defeating his addictions. In a desperate move to help their friend, guitar tech Malvin Mortimer was assigned to keep a 24-hour watch on Clark; according to Joe Elliott, it was a difficult task.

None of this proved to be fruitful, and in August 1990 the band granted Clark a six-month leave of absence. While it was hoped that this break would free him of any stresses, the band seemed resigned to the fact that they could no longer do anything for Clark.[original research?]

On 8 January 1991, Steve Clark was found dead in his London home by his girlfriend Janie Dean. The coroner's report revealed that Clark had died of an accidental mix of alcohol with painkillers and anti-depressants that led to compression of the brain stem.

After a short period of uncertainty about the band's future, the remaining members decided to resume work on the album. Former Lange engineer Mike Shipley was hired as co-producer, while Lange maintained a minor role via phone calls and demos sent to him.

A search for Clark's replacement was held off until after the completion of the album, and recording sessions progressed quickly in the year that followed. On March 31, 1992, Adrenalize was released worldwide. While some reviews were favorable (Rolling Stone magazine awarded it 4 out of 5 stars), many critics attacked the album for being formulaic and too similar to Hysteria. Although Clark had died prior to the release of the album and did not participate in the recording process, nearly every song on the album was at least co-written by him.

Further complicating matters, Adrenalize was released during the time when grunge and alternative rock bands were breaking into the mainstream at the expense[citation needed] of "glam/pop metal" bands. Nonetheless, Adrenalize debuted at the number one position in both the UK and the US (quickly going triple platinum there). The album has sold over 7 million copies worldwide. The album was dedicated to the memory of Steve Clark.

Former Dio and Whitesnake guitarist Vivian Campbell, a longtime friend of the band, was brought in as the newest member in April 1992. He appears in all promotional videos for the album's singles (except "Let's Get Rocked"), despite not playing on the album.

A Deluxe Edition of Adrenalize, which was released in 2009, includes a digitally remastered version of the album, plus a Bonus CD containing b-sides from the albums singles.


Tracks: 


1.	"Let's Get Rocked"  
2.	"Heaven Is"  
3.	"Make Love Like a Man"  
4.	"Tonight"  
5.	"White Lightning"  
6.	"Stand Up (Kick Love Into Motion)"  
7.	"Personal Property"  
8.	"Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad"  
9.	"I Wanna Touch U"  
10.	"Tear It Down"







Retro Active 1993


Retro Active is an album by |British hard rock band Def Leppard, released in 1993. The album features touched-up versions of B-sides and previously unreleased recordings from the band's recording sessions between 1984 and 1993. The album charted at #9 on The Billboard 200[3] and #6 on the UK Albums Chart[4].


After releasing only three albums over the course of a decade, Def Leppard used Retro Active to break that habit, provide a treat for diehard fans, and close the door on the "Steve Clark" era of the band. It reached platinum sales in many countries.[citation needed]

Although many tracks were found on single releases, some parts were re-recorded on the road during the Adrenalize tour.

Two unfinished songs from the Hysteria recording sessions, "Desert Song" and "Fractured Love", were completed exclusively for the album. "Two Steps Behind", an acoustic ballad originally recorded in electric version, was given strings by conductor Michael Kamen and included onto the Last Action Hero soundtrack. It would become the band's last Top 20 single in the US, reaching #12.

The album also had covers, Sweet's "Action" (which charted higher than the original in the UK) and Mick Ronson's "Only After Dark". Although guitarist Phil Collen had written "Miss You in a Heartbeat", it was released first on the self-titled 1991 debut by The Law, a band featuring Paul Rodgers and The Who drummer Kenney Jones.

The version of "Ride into the Sun" is not the version that appeared on the Def Leppard EP, but rather the 1987 re-recording. It differs slightly from the version of the recording used as a B-side in the Hysteria era, though. The one used as a B-side had a Rick Allen drum solo intro, whereas this one has a piano intro.

Retro Active features a hidden (final) track: a piano/vocal version of "Miss You in a Heartbeat". It is the first Def Leppard album to feature songs recorded with newly added guitarist Vivian Campbell.

The album cover, by Nels Israelson and Hugh Syme, shows a lady sitting at a dressing table, looking in a mirror. However, if you hold the cover at arm's length or look at it from a distance, it takes the form of a skull (a type of vanitas art), the woman's head forming the left eye socket, and her reflected head in the mirror forming the right eye socket. The mirror itself forms the shape of the skull and the accessories on the dressing table form the nose, nostrils and teeth. It was inspired by Charles Allan Gilbert's most famous work, All Is Vanity (1892).

Tracks:
 

1.	"Desert Song" (Steve Clark, Joe Elliott, Rick Savage) – 5:19 
o	Outtake from the Hysteria album sessions
2.	"Fractured Love" (Clark, Elliott, Savage) – 5:08 
o	Outtake from the Hysteria album sessions
3.	"Action" (Andy Scott, Brian Connolly, Steve Priest, Mick Tucker) – 3:41 
o	Original version released on the "Make Love Like A Man" single
4.	"Two Steps Behind" (Acoustic Version) (Elliott) – 4:16 
o	Original version released on the "Make Love Like a Man" single
o	Originally released on the Last Action Hero soundtrack
5.	"She's Too Tough" (Elliott) – 3:41 
o	Original version released on the "Heaven Is" single
6.	"Miss You in a Heartbeat" (Phil Collen) – 4:04 
o	Original version released on the "Make Love Like a Man" single
7.	"Only After Dark" (Mick Ronson) – 3:52 
o	Original version released on the "Let's Get Rocked" single
8.	"Ride Into The Sun" (Clark, Collen, Elliott, Savage) – 3:12 
o	Original version released on the "Hysteria" single
o	First recording of the song released on The Def Leppard E.P.
9.	"From the Inside" (Elliott) – 4:13 
o	Originally released on the "Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad" single
10.	"Ring Of Fire" (Clark, Collen, Elliott, Robert John "Mutt" Lange, Savage) – 4:42 
o	Original version released on the "Armageddon It" single
11.	"I Wanna Be Your Hero" (Clark, Collen, Elliott, Lange, Savage) – 4:29 
o	Original version released on the "Hysteria" single
12.	"Miss You in a Heartbeat" (Electric Version) (Collen) – 4:58
13.	"Two Steps Behind" (Electric Version) (Elliott) – 4:29
14.	"Miss You in a Heartbeat" (Piano Version) [Hidden track] (Collen) – 4:09






Slang  1996


Slang is the sixth studio album by British hard rock band Def Leppard, released in 1996. The album marked a radical musical departure from their signature sound, and was produced by the band with Pete Woodroffe.The album charted at #14 on The Billboard 200[3] and #5 on the UK Albums Chart[4]. It is also the only Def Leppard album that does not feature their recognizable logo.


Between the releases of Retro Active and Slang, Def Leppard endured hardships including Phil Collen's divorce, the death of Rick Savage's father and Savage's battle with Bell's Palsy, and the arrests of both Rick Allen and Joe Elliott for spousal abuse and assault, respectively. Though the band says Adrenalize was recorded during a bleaker time, the absence of Mutt Lange (for the first time on a Def Leppard record since 1981) made it possible for the band to show what they were really feeling.[5] Says Joe Elliott, "There was a period with Mutt where if you came out with anything slightly negative, it was 'Fuck it!' and it was gone!" Continues Phil Collen, "We've all got personal things that have happened during the recording of Slang, and we've just ploughed on and some of it has come out on the record."

Doing without the services Mutt Lange, the band changed another habit by recording together as a band, in a townhouse in Marbella, Spain. Slang would feature less production in favour of a more organic sound, catalysed by drummer Rick Allen's reversion to a semi-acoustic kit. "We'd got so sick of recording the old way. We didn't want to do it any more. We wanted the music to be more personalised and let the character of the individuals to come out," explains Rick Savage.[5]

Songs such as "Turn to Dust" introduced sarangi and other instrumentation atypical for the band. The album's lyrical content featured a darker and more introspective turn for the most part, with lighter fare restricted to the Prince-influenced "Slang".

Slang was the first Def Leppard album to fail to achieve platinum sales in the US. Elsewhere, the album performed better: it placed four singles on the UK charts, and did go platinum in Canada. On the supporting tour the band performed for the first time in Southeast Asia, South Africa and South America.

A limited edition release included a 6-track bonus disc, "Acoustic in Singapore", recorded live in October 1995.


Tracks: 


1.	"Truth?"  
2.	"Turn to Dust"  
3.	"Slang"  
4.	"All I Want Is Everything"  
5.	"Work It Out"  
6.	"Breathe a Sigh"  
7.	"Deliver Me"  
8.	"Gift of Flesh"  
9.	"Blood Runs Cold"  
10.	"Where Does Love Go When It Dies"  
11.	"Pearl of Euphoria"  







Euphoria 1999


Euphoria is the seventh studio album by British hard rock band Def Leppard, released in 1999. The album marked a return to their signature sound made famous by the band in the 1980s. It was produced by the band with Pete Woodroffe.The album charted at #11 on The Billboard 200[2] and #11 on the UK Albums Chart[3].


Following Slang, the band was initially unsure of which direction to take for their next release,[citation needed] upon reconvening in April 1998.

The band would enlist the aid of former producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange for four days in a more limited role. Three songs were co-written with Lange, who lent background vocals (as he had on other albums): "It's Only Love", "All Night" and "Promises".

A song first recorded by Vivian Campbell's side band Clock, "To Be Alive", received a Leppard makeover. For the first time since 1981's High 'n' Dry, an instrumental was included (Phil Collen's "Disintegrate"). This instrumental was known before as "Spanish Sky", a ballad that evolved into this track.[citation needed]

1996 Formula One racing champion Damon Hill, a neighbour of Rick Savage, would contribute a guitar solo to the track "Demolition Man".

In its first week of release, Euphoria sold over 98,000 units in the US and just missed the Top 10 of the Billboard 200, reaching #11. First single "Promises" topped Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart in June 1999, a spot the band had not held in six years.

Euphoria would later be certified gold in the US, Canada and Japan. The album-supporting tour stretched from May 1999 to September 2000.

Upon the album's ten year anniversary in June 2009, The Record Review noted that "the band has yet to match it with any release since (despite the stiff competition of 2002’s X) and it still stands between leaders Hysteria and Pyromania as the band’s best album."[4]


Tracks: 


1.	"Demolition Man"  
2.	"Promises"  
3.	"Back in Your Face"  
4.	"Goodbye"  
5.	"All Night"  
6.	"Paper Sun"  
7.	"It's Only Love"  
8.	"21st Century Sha La La La Girl"  
9.	"To Be Alive"  
10.	"Disintegrate"  
11.	"Guilty"  
12.	"Day After Day"  
13.	"Kings of Oblivion"







X  2002


X is the eighth studio album by British rock band Def Leppard, released in 2002. Much like 1996's Slang, it featured another departure from their signature sound by moving into the pop genre. The album charted at #11 on The Billboard 200[1] and #14 on the UK Albums Chart[2].Most of the album was produced by Pete Woodroffe and the band, with remaining tracks produced by either Marti Frederiksen or Per Aldeheim and Andreas Carlsson. This is the first Def Leppard album in which drummer Rick Allen actively took part in song-writing. On all of the band's prior albums, he is only credited with helping co-write 3 tracks. On this album alone, he co-wrote 11.

The album features the Roman numeral 'X', recognising it as their tenth album release, although the album is in fact only their eighth collection of all-new studio material. The other two albums released by the band prior to the release of X, Retro Active and Vault, were a rerecording of B-sides and rarities and a greatest hits set respectively.

The album did not sell to the standards of their previous releases and failed to earn any RIAA-certification. Nothing from this album has been performed live by the band since the conclusion of its supporting tour.


Tracks: 


1.	"Now"  
2.	"Unbelievable"  
3.	"You're So Beautiful"  
4.	"Everyday"  
5.	"Long, Long Way to Go"  
6.	"Four Letter Word"  
7.	"Torn to Shreds"  
8.	"Love Don't Lie"  
9.	"Gravity"  
10.	"Cry"  
11.	"Girl Like You"  
12.	"Let Me Be the One"  
13.	"Scar"






Yeah [2006


Yeah! is an album of cover versions of 1970s rock hits, recorded by Def Leppard. It's the first cover album by the band. It was originally to be released on September 20, 2005, but it was announced on March 31, 2006 that the album would be released on May 23, 2006. The album was delayed numerous times and was met with extremely mixed reviews upon its eventual release.The album charted at #16 on The Billboard 200[1] and #52 on the UK Albums Chart[2].


The accompanying booklet contains photographs of the band members recreating classic images from '70s album art.

•	Rick Savage - Freddie Mercury from the album Queen II
•	Vivian Campbell - Marc Bolan from T. Rex's Electric Warrior
•	Joe Elliott - David Bowie from the rear cover of The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars
•	Rick Allen - Lou Reed, Transformer
•	Phil Collen - Iggy Pop, Raw Power

There are also four group photographs in the CD booklet - on the cover, the centre, inside back cover and the back cover.

•	The inside back cover (back of the CD holder) has a picture with the original triangle Def Leppard logo (from the On Through the Night album), with a shaft of light passing through it and creating a rainbow, a la the cover of Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon. Also, if you look closely at the part where the lid is hooked on, you will find barely noticeable bricks, an homage to Pink Floyd.


Tracks: 


1.	"20th Century Boy"  
2.	"Rock On"  
3.	"Hanging on the Telephone"  
4.	"Waterloo Sunset"  
5.	"Hell Raiser"  
6.	"10538 Overture"  
7.	"Street Life"  
8.	"Drive-In Saturday"  
9.	"Little Bit of Love"  
10.	"The Golden Age of Rock 'n' Roll"  
11.	"No Matter What"  
12.	"He's Gonna Step on You Again""  
13.	"Don't Believe a Word"  
14.	"Stay with Me"






Songs from the Sparkle Lounge  2008


Songs from the Sparkle Lounge is the tenth studio album and 14th album overall from the English hard rock band Def Leppard. Released on April 25, 2008 in Europe and April 29 in North America,[1][2] it was the band's first album of brand new material since their 2002 album X.


In an Interview on Rockline Radio, two band members, Joe Elliott and Vivian Campbell stated that the title of their latest studio album would be Songs from the Sparkle Lounge, saying that "Until someone comes up with a better name this will be the final title upon release".[3] They also mentioned the possibility of previous Def Leppard album producer Mutt Lange being involved with a few songs for the album,[3] but in the end this collaboration did not turn out to be possible due to scheduling conflicts. However, Joe Elliott has stated that the band and Mutt Lange still plan to work on a few songs together in the future.

In an interview with Billboard.com, Joe Elliott stated that the album title is a reference to a backstage area at shows where the band would work on new material. "It was a mini (drum) kit, mini amps, a tape recorder and sparkly lights."[4] Elliott also stated that they would not be performing any previews of the songs, as they did not want them appearing on websites such asprior to the release of the album.

Members of the band have described the tracks from the album as written in the style of Hysteria, with the production style of High 'n' Dry. The album's first single, "Nine Lives" features country singer Tim McGraw.

Joe Elliott has stated at the band's official site that the concept of this album is that it sounds more like "early 70's AC/DC" and much like Led Zeppelin's song "Rock and Roll".

The title of one of the songs in the tracklist, "Give It Away," was changed to "Gotta Let It Go."

On April 25, 2008, Def Leppard's record label opened a website with teasers of every song on the album.

The album debuted at #5 on the Billboard 200, selling about 55,000 copies in its first week of release.

Tracks: 


1.	"Go"  
2.	"Nine Lives" (featuring Tim McGraw)
3.	"C'mon C'mon"  
4.	"Love"  
5.	"Tomorrow"  
6.	"Cruise Control"  
7.	"Hallucinate"  
8.	"Only the Good Die Young"  
9.	"Bad Actress"  
10.	"Come Undone"  
11.	"Gotta Let It Go"




Enjoy :)
