File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:58

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 23.98
BitRate : 6953 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.14 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Acapella" is a song performed by alternative American R&B artist Kelis, taken from her fifth studio album Flesh Tone. The song is a departure from her past singles in that it is a dance/electronica track rather than hip hop. The song was first premiered on her Twitter page and her official website in November,  but was digitaly released February 23, 2010 as the lead single from the singer's upcoming album.

It was released in February 23, 2010 in anticipation for the album which is due in international markets on May 17, 2010 and in the U.S. in June 2010. The song's co-writer Makeba Riddick revealed that the song had previously been called "Majestic". Whilst Kelis revealed she wrote the song with love and life in my mind.

A music video for the song was filmed in the first week of March 2010 by a British production team consisting of portrait and fashion photographer John "Rankin" Waddell  and musical director Chris Cottam. The music video was released in March 29.

The single has so far received universally positive reviews. Pitchfork Media gave the song a positive review, rating the track an 8 [out of a possible 10] and saying: "'Acapella' is a smooth, Donna Summer-style track with Kelis as an icy electro queen, a robotic embrace of house's metronomic bliss." About.com's "Dance Music" section reviewed the track favorably, calling the song "majestic" and named it its "Song of the Day". Entertainment Weekly called the song a "feathery dance-floor delight" and placed the song on its "The MustList" for 2010 whilst Billboard magazine added the song to its 2010's "Best Bits" listing. Nick Levine of Digital Spy was more than impressed by the song. He said "Will.i.am's been a busy boy lately, but what's the best thing he's done for us - the new Usher single ['OMG']? Nah. 'Meet Me Halfway'? Hmm... maybe. Signing Kelis... Bingo! We say this because 'Acapella' is quite possibly the most sublime slice of club pop we'll hear all year. Over tub-thumping beats ... Kelis delivers a heartfelt tribute to her baby son, Knight. "Before you my whole life was acapella," she gushes on the near-hymnal chorus, "Now a symphony is the only song to sing". The result is so uplifting, so full of energy and emotion, it doesn't just make you want to dance - it makes you want to dance with everyone who's a little bit special to you."

Flesh Tone is the upcoming fifth studio album by American R&B singer–songwriter Kelis. It is the singer's first album since joining the Interscope Records family under the will.i.am music group brand. It is due for release on May 17, 2010 in the United Kingdom and July 6, 2010 in the United States.

The album sees Kelis move into electronica and dance music compared to the previous urban sound of her last album Kelis Was Here (2006). The new sound and vision is thanks to collaborations with Ammo, Jean Baptiste, Benny Benassi, Burnz, Diplo, David Guetta, Boys Noize, Free School, DJ Switch and will.i.am.

She has also worked with David Guetta on a number of collaborations some of which will appear on the album. It will be proceeded by the release of the lead single "Acapella" spent one week at the top of the U.S. Hot Dance Club Songs chart but did not crack the Hot 100 although it did reach number five in the UK.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/