PS2 - Tomb Raider Underworld [1 DVD5 - PAL]

More info at
 
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/tntforum/index.php?showtopic=223413

.: Cover :.
 
http://img217.imageshack.us/img217/7408/trunderworldps2.jpg

Tomb Raider Underworld for PS2

Format: DVD5 PAL
Discs: 1
Image: ISO
Genre: Platform, Action-adventure
Rating: T (Teen)
Requirements: Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method.

Tomb Raider: Underworld is the eighth game in the Tomb Raider series. It is an action-adventure video game developed by Crystal Dynamics, Buzz Monkey Software, and Santa Cruz Games and was published by Eidos Interactive. Crystal Dynamics developed the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC versions and was released in November 2008. Santa Cruz Games developed the Nintendo DS version and was also released in November. The Wii and PlayStation 2 version was developed by Buzz Monkey Software, although the PS2 version saw a January 2009 release in North America and March 2009 in Europe. Eidos released two new chapters of Tomb Raider: Underworld as exclusive downloadable content on the Xbox Live Marketplace—Beneath the Ashes and Lara\'s Shadow which was released in February and March 2009 respectively.
It is the eighth game in the Tomb Raider series and resumes the adventure where Tomb Raider: Legend left off and addresses elements of the plot left unexplained in Legend and Tomb Raider: Anniversary.[9] It is the third game in the series to be developed by Crystal Dynamics and is also the first game to be released on the PlayStation 3.

.: Synopsis :.

Tomb Raider: Underworld begins where its predecessor left off, with Lara Croft searching for the mythical resting place of King Arthur, Avalon. Underneath the Mediterranean Sea Lara discovers Thor\'s gauntlet and then has an encounter with an old enemy, Jacqueline Natla, who has been imprisoned by Legend\'s antagonist, Amanda Evert. Natla tells Lara that the Norse underworld, Helheim and Avalon are one and the same and that she will need to find Thor\'s Hammer to open the Underworld. Lara soon discovers to find and wield the hammer she will have to find Thor\'s other gauntlet and his belt, to retrieve these artifacts she must explore underworlds all around the globe, facing the creatures, traps and puzzles that guard them. However, Lara discovers that Helhiem may contain a powerful weapon that could put the world in danger. Lara also finds herself faced with a doppelgänger of herself created by Natla, who burns down her house and kills one of Lara\'s assistants, Alister Fletcher.

.: Note :.

The game was tested and works great.
