. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                       
                                                     
                                            
                
                   
            
                
                        
                 
                 
               
                         
                          
                 
                   
                          
                         
                   
            
                
           
                   
                      
       
               
                
                     
                 
                           
                             
                  
           
          
                             
      ,,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,     
                                                       
           ....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....          
                                         
                                                 
              PGWARE GameGain v2.3.8.2010              
                                                       
                                              
           
              
                            
                                                
                                                               
                                                             
      Released on 03/13/10 for exclusive usage by            
        members of the release scene. This isnt something        
        to share with your school mates and not for sale.        
      Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it!       
                                                             
      Company ..: PGWARE LLC.                                
       Url ......: http://www.pgware.com                       
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
            Release Information              
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       GameGain will optimize your computer performance          
     and make your games run faster without having to        
     upgrade your expensive gaming hardware. Often you       
     find after installing the latest game that you          
      aren't able to run the game at its highest setting,      
     while this often is due to insufficient hardware,       
     it can also occur because Windows is not properly       
       optimized for playing video games.                        
                                                                 
                                                             
     With GameGain your computer will be optimized to        
     run games, changes made to Windows will help            
      improve frames per second, memory utilization,           
     foreground application CPU priority and hard disk       
     access speed. GameGain works by making permanent        
       modifications to the Windows system registry and          
       system files, these changes affect how your gaming        
     hardware interacts with all the games you have          
     installed on your computer. No patches or               
     modifications are made to the games and no              
      anti-cheat detection software can detect that            
     GameGain has increased the performance of your          
     computer to give you an edge over your online           
       competitors.                                              
                                                                 
                                                             
     Sometimes even the most powerful gaming hardware        
     can be slowed down by the latest games, with            
      GameGain you can increase performance and play           
     these games as they were designed for without           
     having to spend a fortune upgrading your computer.      
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
               Install Notes                 
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       1. Unpack & Install                                       
     2. Use Patch.exe                                        
     3. Have Fun                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
                Group Notes                  
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       You got something to offer like                           
                                                             
               * supplies (either ISO or DDL)                
               * cracking skills                             
                * pizza                                        
                                                             
     and want to join the only scene family in existance?    
       Then just ask around on IRC (maybe even your girl-        
       friend may know one of our council members, be it         
     the one or the other way...) and lets see if you        
     fit into one of our open positions!                     
                                                             
                                                               
                      Signed,                                
                          - TEAM DVT -                       
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                       
                                                   
                                             
                                         
                    
        
                      
                  
                  
                  
                
                 
                       
                            
                                 
                                             
                                                  
                                          
                                         (( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha ))