Remember that this is a VERY rare recording and it's almost impossible to get anywhere so please keep seeding!

--------

Although space is a virtual vacuum, this does not mean there is no sound in space. Sound does exist as electromagnetic vibrations. The specially designed instruments on board the various space probes used Plasma Wave antenna to record the vibrations used here, all within the range of human hearing (20-20,000 CPS)

Each planet, moon and ring system has a distinctive "musical" pattern. Listening to this unusual recording has a mysteriously relaxing effect. After a long hard day, you can bring your brainwaves into a slower and meditative state.

In 1989, Dr. Jeffrey D. Thompson, D.C., B.F.A. was approached by representatives working with NASA and JPL to explore a series of powerful recordings which the Voyager I & II Spacecraft had sent back from Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. These recordings seemed to be having a profound effect on the scientists and researchers who were exposed to them. Dr. Thompson was approached as an expert in the field of sound and healing, and especially in his work with "Primordial Sounds.” Primordial sounds are human body sounds and nature sounds formatted in special ways to cause a deep response in the subconscious mind. These are extremely useful in all levels of healing. Could the space sounds actually be Primordial Sounds, also – from outer space but strangely familiar to us?

Saturn Rings is the most soothing space sound recording. Its deep, throbbing vibrations seem to resonate directly into your bones, with layers of 3-dimensional sound majestically moving around and through you.

Saturn is a giant gas planet which has no solid surface beneath the clouds. The solid material of the planet is in orbit and is known as its rings. Its an "inside-out" planet, so to speak.

Saturn's disk casts a shadow across its ring system. The visible side of the rings is directly illuminated by the sun. The broad dark band in the rings separates the outer A ring from the inner B ring. The C ring is much fainter and closer to the planet. The narrow F ring is just barely visible outside the A ring.

Saturn's Rings are 270,000 km in diameter, but only a few hundred meters thick. Particles are centimeters to decameters in size and are ice. Some may be covered with ice. There are traces of silicate and carbon minerals. There are four main ring groups and three more faint, narrow ring groups separated by gaps called divisions.

Voyager I & II passed by Saturn on November 12, 1980, and on August 15, 1981, respectively. There are many hundreds of Rings which make up the spectacular bands around Saturn. They have been classified into four sections: The C-Ring appears blue; the B-Ring appears brown and green, the Cassini Division appears dark blue and the A-Ring appears gray.

Saturn is a gas giant ball of mostly hydrogen and helium. High winds whip clouds into bright bands across the face of Saturn in tan, orange and ochre. The Rings span a distance equal to the distance between the earth and moon.