A woman searching for the perfect man instead discovers the perfect woman in this romantic comedy. Jessica Stein (Jennifer Westfeldt) is a woman with a solid career as a copy editor, but her love life isn't much to write home about; she's been through a long series of disastrous first dates that refuse to evolve into second dates, and the well-intended advice of her best friend Joan (Jackie Hoffman) and former boyfriend Josh (Scott Cohen) isn't helping a bit. One day, Jessica is scanning personal ads in the newspaper with her friends, and she sees one with a quote from her favorite poet. Jessica reads on to discover that she has a lot in common with the person who placed the ad -- too much so, since it turns out the notice is from a woman, Helen Cooper (Heather Juergensen), who manages an art gallery. Jessica figures it would at least be nice to hang out with someone who shares her interests, and she gives Helen a call. Jessica and Helen quickly strike up a close friendship that evolves into something more intimate, though neither of them has ever been involved with another woman ... and Helen is a bit more avid about her new romantic horizons than Jessica. As their relationship progresses, Jessica finds herself struggling with her feelings about her new sexual outlook, and she isn't sure how to break the news about her relationship to her mother (Tovah Feldshuh) as she tries to decide if she should bring Helen along to her brother's wedding. Kissing Jessica Stein was based on the off-Broadway play Lipschtick, which was written by Jennifer Westfeldt and Heather Juergensen, who starred in the original stage production as well as this film adaptation; the film won both the Critics' Special Jury Award and the Audience Award at the 2001 Los Angeles Film Festival. ~ Mark Deming, All Movie Guide

Warning:  This product is intended for mature audiences only. It may contain violence, sexual content, drug abuse and/or strong language. You must be 17 or older to purchase it. By ordering this item you are certifying that you are at least 17 years of age.


Theatrical Feature Running Time: 97 mins 
Complete Cast:
Jennifer Westfeldt - Jessica Stein
Scott Cohen - Josh Myers
Jackie Hoffman - Joan
Jim J. Bullock - Not-Yet-Out Gay Guy
Allen Fitzpatrick - Matthew
Ben Weber - Larry
Michael Showalter - Stephen
Ilana Levine - Helen's New Girlfriend
John Cariani - Chuck
Idina Menzel - Bridesmaid
Robert Ari - Sidney Stein
Michael Mastro - Martin
Brian Stepanek - Peter
Esther Wurmfeld - Grandma Esther
Ben Feldman - Ben Feldman
Hayden Adams - Weird Smooth Guy
Jimmy Palumbo - Cheesy Pick-Up Guy
Adele Reichman - Grandma Interrogating Helen
Jennifer Carta - Rachek, Dan's Fiancée
Heather Juergensen - Helen Cooper
Tovah Feldshuh - Judy Stein
Thomas Bolster - Cheesy Pick-Up Guy
Tibor Feldman - Roland
Vinny Vella - Cab Driver
Julie Lauren - Josh's Date
Kevin Sussman - Calculator Guy
Jon Hamm - Charles
David Aaron Baker - Dan Stein
Michael Ealy - Greg
Nick Corley - Howard
Alysia Reiner - Schuller Gallery Artist
Carson Elrod - Sebastian
Hillel Friedman - Rabbi
Christopher Berger - Malaprops Guy
Naomi Sablan - Seductive Woman At Gallery
Peter Hirsch - Stanley
Amy Wilson - Bookstore Saleswoman


Director(s):Charles Herman-Wurmfeld
Writer(s):Heather Juergensen, Jennifer Westfeldt
Producer(s):Eden Wurmfeld, Brad Zions
Theatrical MPAA Rating: R(Adult Situations, Adult Language, Sexual Situations, Not For Children)
Categories:Romance

Format: DVD
Release Date: 09/17/2002
MPAA Rating: R
Running Time: 97 min
Number of Discs: 1
Language: Eng/Spa
SubTitles: Eng/Spa
  Closed Caption 
View special edition features
View special edition features
Limited Edition Features:
cc
Audio commentary by director Charles Herman-Wurmfeld and cinematographer Lawrence Sher
Audio commentary by Heather Juergensen and Jennifer Westfeldt
Deleted scenes with optional commentary
Outtakes and original ending
Behind-the-scenes featurette
Theatrical trailer
Anamorphic widescreen (Aspect ratio 1.85:1) 
Audio: English 5.1 Dolby surround, Spanish stereo 
Subtitles: English, Spanish

Blockbuster Info Link: 
http://www.blockbuster.com/browse/catalog/movieDetails/193699


This is an EviLTSAngel Original DVDRip!
Original Menu's and Extra's Included!

Enjoy and Seed!