The Official Star Trek movie ripped with AVI 2 DVD Converter

--------------------

AVI SPECS:

Length: 2:06:48
29 frames/second
Size 1.18 GB
Frame Size: 720x320 (Widescreen DVD)

--------------------

Plot Summary (from IMDB):

When the Romulan mining ship Narada attacks the Federation starship US Kelvin, Captain George Kirk substitutes his captain, who is going to meet the Romulan Captain Nero in his vessel to negotiate a cease fire, in the command of the US Kelvin. He orders the evacuation of the damaged starship, including his wife that is in labor; while she delivers their son James Tiberus Kirk in the hospital shuttle-craft, George Kirk crashes the US Kelvin against the Narada. The reckless and troublemaker Kirk grows up and when he meets Capt. Christopher Pike in a bar fight, he is invited to join the Starfleet. Meanwhile in Vulcan, the outcast Spock grows-up discriminated by his half-human condition. They meet each other in the Starfleet Academy, where Spock accuses Kirk of lack of ethics, cheating a test of command. The trial is suspended with the information that Vulcan is under attack and the Federation starships head to Vulcan, including the recently commissioned USS Enterprise. Kirk, who is a stowaway, foresees an alien attack and advises Captain Spike; however, the Enterprise is damaged and when Captain Spike travels to meet Captain Nero, Spock assumes the bridge and has a serious friction with Kirk after the destruction of Vulcan. Kirk is accused of mutiny and stranded in the desert planet Delta Vega. Out of the blue, he is saved from an attack of an alien animal by an old Spock that explains to him that Captain Nero blames him and the Federation for the destruction of his home planet Romulus by a supernova. Spock explains that he had failed with the creation of a black hole with red matter to consume the supernova and Nero is seeking revenge. Now Kirk has to find a way 
to save Earth, the next destination of Narada.

Thanks for downloading

SEED PLEASE