OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO
*** The Joe Blow Conspiracy Show - Gossip, Opinions, History, News
joeblow@umunu.com skype:joeblowman

*** To come on the show, meet us at our Bittorrent tracker/AJAX chat/forum! 
http://www.umunu.com

*** The Conspiracy Central Bittorrent Tracker! 
http://tracker.concen.cc
OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO

WILLIAM COOPER - BEHOLD A PALE HORSE!

Behold a Pale Horse is a 1991 book by William Milton Cooper. (ISBN 0929385225)

Written after Cooper had been a member of the US Naval Intelligence Briefing
Team of the Commander
in Chief of the United States Pacific Fleet, the book details many of Cooper's
claims about the
alleged influence of UFOs on US government agencies, and the New World Order,
the assassination of
President John F. Kennedy.

Another claim made in the book pertains to his own death. William Cooper,
seemingly paranoid, claimed
that he would be shot to death on his own property. True to his "fate," he was
gunned down in precisely
this manner years after publishing the book and settling down in Arizona.

The title of the book alludes to a passage in the Bible, Revelation 6:8:

"And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death,
and Hell followed with him."

The circumstances surrounding Cooper's death are controversial. On November 5,
2001,
officers of the Apache County Sheriff's Office decided to serve Cooper a warrant
based on the above
mentioned charges. For reasons not explained, the Sheriff's Office sent deputies
to Cooper's home at
approximately 11:00PM, and instead of knocking on his door and announcing
themselves, the deputies
attempted to lure Cooper from his house by posing as civilians playing loud
music on or near his
property. Cooper, who was an above the knee amputee, went down to investigate
the scene in his truck.
It is disputed whether the deputies identified themselves or tried to serve an
arrest warrant at that
time. Nevertheless, Cooper announced he was returning to his house to contact
the Eager Police Department,
either to verify the warrant or to contact the local authorities in order to
report what he may have
still believed was a real disturbance. Before he could do so however, the
sheriff's deputies tried to
apprehend him, at which point shooting began. Although it is unclear who began
firing, there are some
who question the uncertain circumstances, and who was responsible for first
shots fired. Independent
investigators questioned who would fire first at a double amputee, and Cooper's
supporters claimed it
was a convenient death, given the close proximity to the September 11th attacks,
of which Cooper had
already spoken out, with allegations that subsequently would find voice with the
large 9/11 Truth Movement.
Cooper was armed and one deputy was wounded. Another deputy returned fire,
killing Cooper.
Milton William Cooper was 58 years old.

The truth is, an alien or demonic invasion isn't coming.. it's already here!

For some reason most of churchdumb believes the Nephilim race was destroyed by
the flood..
then where did Goliath come from? The Amalek, the Kenites, all the 18 hybrid
cities Joshua
destroyed to reclaim the land of Israel? They didn't go anywhere, except maybe
underground..
to perfect dna mixing..to come out again in the last days undetected.

They've perfected the giant gene defect. In fact, now they can shop in our
stores, sit next
to us on a bus, and most wouldn't know any different. They look human..but they
are not.
They are the tares sown into the wheat.

The church has been silent about UFOs and abductions. About hybridization, fetus
thefts, the
impregnation of women by these beings.

Now that they've assimilated into our population as star children, politicians
and civilians,
who can detect them?

It's time to get informed on what's going on.

Joe Blow recommends these websites: 
   
http://www.concen.cc   
http://www.umunu.com    
http://www.theinfounderground.com    
http://www.iamthewitness.com    
http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com

Send tips to joeblow@umunu.com or call skype:joeblowman	