Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


Some of the lyrics in this video are censored.


"Best I Ever Had" is the first single from Canadian rapper Drake's third mixtape, So Far Gone. It will also appear on his debut album, Thank Me Later.

The song has a remix, which features Busta Rhymes, Young Money artist Nicki Minaj, Tank and Teairra Mari. Other remixes feature Swizz Beatz, R. Kelly and Mase. The song samples "Fallin' in Love" by Hamilton, Joe Frank & Reynolds.

Drake told MTV News before his show at Manhattan's S.O.B.'s that he was in the process of putting together a music video for the song. He explained: “I been working with a couple people on some ideas,” he explained. “I don’t wanna say who yet, because everything isn’t confirmed yet. It should be pretty solid in the next few days. The biggest thing about that song is that a lot of women come up to me and say, ‘That’s my song, because it really makes me feel special.’ So I told the directors that were interested that I just want the visuals to coincide with that feeling. I want women to feel special when they watch the visual and say, ‘I wish that was me,’ or ‘I know that feeling.’ That’s the goal with the video — to be genuine and not sappy. Be sexy and keep it together, but still make women smile.” 

The video was shot in Brooklyn, New York at Bishop Ford Central Catholic High School. Kanye West was the director of the video. Trey Songz, Fabolous, Consequence, and the song's producer Boi-1da made cameos in the video, as well as artists signed to Young Money Entertainment, such as Lil Twist and Lil Chuckee.

A clip of the video was shown June 30, 2009 on It's On with Alexa Chung, and the full version of the video premiered on the internet on July 1, 2009. The full version of the video made its television debut on AMTV on July 2, 2009.

The song debuted at #92 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the U.S. and has so far peaked at #2, making Drake the third Canadian rapper to have a song chart on the Hot 100 (the first being Kardinal Offishall with "Dangerous" at #5, followed by K'naan with "Wavin' Flag" at #99). The single has since risen to number 1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs due to high airplay and downloads.  The single also debuted on Hot Rap Tracks on May 9 at number 24 and has risen to number 1. Drake is the first Canadian rapper to achieve a number one song on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Tracks charts, simultaneously. He is also the second Canadian artist to reach the summit of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs after Deborah Cox's "Nobody's Supposed to Be Here". Within the first two weeks of its availability for sale on iTunes, "Best I Ever Had" has garnered over 300,000 units sold. According to the June 29 edition of The New York Times, these sales have earned Drake the #4 best selling single, behind only songs from the Black Eyed Peas and Sean Kingston. The single also peaked at #49 on the Pop 100 chart before it was discontinued.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/