Deviance.2009.XXX.COMPLETE.NTSC.DVD9



screens (2 sets) + screenshots + large DVD-covers: 
http://www.imageblues.info


(look for: 2009-Oct-27: Deviance)




Where Filth Meets Gloss...

3 Hours. 6 Scenes. The Hardest Sex.
Get ready for your envelopes to be pushed and your boundaries crossed in this down-n-dirty adult movie filled with kinky fantasies and taboo action!

The exotic and erotic Miss Angelina returns better and dirtier than Eva before! 
Deviance showcases the superstar in four of her hardest scenes ever filmed. 
In total, director Joshua delivers a dirty half-dozen segments of pure hard sex and proves that filth and gloss can co-exist. 
Filled with double penetration, threesomes, interracial and anal some of the hardest couples sex ever filmed, Deviance stars some of the biggest names performing in adult today. 
It all climaxes with a foursome for the ages starring Eva, Teagan Presley, Sunny Leone and Alexis Texas! 
Hell meets Heaven with Deviance, the all-sex movie of the year!


Actresses

    * Alexis Texas                 [LezOnly]
    * Eva Angelina                 [Anal Facial DP]
    * Kagney Linn Karter           [Facial]
    * Lexi Belle                   [Facial]
    * Shawna Lenee                 [Facial]
    * Sunny Leone                  [LezOnly]
    * Teagan Presley               [LezOnly]


   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Eva Angelina, Mr. Marcus
    * Scene 2. James Deen, Kagney Linn Karter
    * Scene 3. Eva Angelina, Lexi Belle, Tommy Gunn
    * Scene 4. Jerry, Shawna Lenee, Mick Blue
    * Scene 5. Ben English, Eva Angelina, Marco Banderas
    * Scene 6. Alexis Texas, Eva Angelina, Sunny Leone, Teagan Presley



Category:        
Anal, DP/double penetration, straight/lesbian, gonzo, lingerie/fishnets, strap-on

Studio:    Skinworxxx (Adam & Eve)
Released:  09/2009

SOURCE..........: DVD   
FORMAT..........: .ISO   
ASPECT RATIO....: 16:9
LANGUAGE........: English
SUBTITLES.......: None 
   
VIDEO:      UNTOUCHED        
AUDIO:      DD 2.0             
BITRATE:    192Kbps
MENUS:      UNTOUCHED                                                     
EXTRAS:      UNTOUCHED  
                                                           

REVIEW:

Length: 169:51 minutes
Date of Production: 5/19/2009
Condoms: None


Body of Review: 
Joshua is the credited director for movies released under the Skinworxxx label, his productions currently distributed by Adam & Eve. Having said a lot of nice things about a quickly shoot piece of fluff called Malibu Sun Goddess, I was called upon to give an in-depth look to their second title, a movie called Deviance. Unlike the lesbian antics of the first release, this was billed as a hardcore, all sex movie starring hotty Eva Angelina for her comeback, the lady already lucky enough to have scored two extremely popular spotlight flicks in her past such as E For Eva and Evalution (a third, Eva-lutionary", just coming out a week ago). This time, Eva was in four of the six scenes, the lady doing anal, DP's, lesbian, and interracial just to name a few acts in the movie. As a big fan of the lady from way before she starred in various features and sitcums, I was hoping that her comeback would prove to be as smoking hot as the lady could be. The back cover said it like this: "The exotic and erotic Miss Angelina returns better and dirtier than Eva before! Deviance showcases the superstar in four of her hardest scenes ever filmed. In total, director Joshua delivers a dirty half-dozen segments of pure hard sex and proves that filth and gloss can co-exist. Filled with double penetration, threesomes, interracial anal and some of the hardest couples sex ever filmed. Deviance stars some of the biggest names in performing in adult today. It all climaxes with a foursome for the ages starring Eva, Teagan Presley, Sunny Leone, and Alexis Texas! Hell meets Heaven with Deviance, the all-sex movie of the year!" Here's a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:


Scene One: 
Eva Angelina, the large breasted Latina featured on the center of the front cover, was up first in an interracial scene with muscular Mr. Marcus, her glasses worn and red fishnet outfit accentuating her curvy figure. Eva caressed her body as her thong crept up her precious ass crack, the slow motion not hurting the young lady's appeal in the slightest as she provided a great contrast to the stark warehouse she was located in. Eva then masturbated until she was dripping wet, the vibrator plunging deep inside her snatch but her face lighting up when Marcus walked in fully erect. Eva slobbed his knob aggressively, maintaining eye contact with the stud as he coaxed her to continue servicing him. She then actively rode his cock vaginally and anally, pushing back to meet his thrusts and verbally encouraging him to drive it home deeper. The look on her face was priceless but this was like the best of both worlds; Eva showing chemistry for the guy as well as acting quite slutty, jerking him off to her face as she milked his genetic to her mouth, the scene edited to show him ready for a second pop to her face by his own hand (if you listen closely, you will hear him tell her he can give her a second pop) after they screwed a little more.

Scene Two: 
Kagney Linn Karter, an extremely attractive blond that has taken porn by storm this past year, was up next wearing a blindfold and red fetish gear as she masturbated in a chair. This was in another room of the dilapidated warehouse (Kylie Ireland's place?), the gal calling to be fucked hard until she wound up with James Deen in the hallway after her solo opener. He pushed her up against the wall and bent her over to gain greater access to her ass and pussy, munching on her at length as she moaned in pleasure. Kagney then slobbed his knob aggressively until he was ready to pound her pussy, the gal looking as hot as ever in an Olympic styled marathon of vaginal fucking. He continued boning her in various positions and she received his wad of population pudding to her face, the scene cutting away a bit too soon for my tastes but well rounded all the same.

Scene Three: 
Lexi Belle, a lean little gal looking way too young for porn, was up next as she warmed up in her pink patterned outfit, eyeing the camera as she slowly stripped and masturbated by the big wooden doors while seated on a red leather chair. The glass dildo was large but Lexi was in charge, tasting it and sucking on it like a lollipop until introduced to biker chick Eva Angelina and her meat puppet played by Tommy Gunn. The ladies kissed and caressed but they were not given a lot of free time since Tommy wanted to share his cock all around, the ladies actively riding it with a lot of oral added in to boot. In most trysts like this, one of the gals in noticeably weaker at performing than the other, don't ask me why but it is a truism as far as I'm concerned (perhaps the production editing the scene that way or the director showing favoritism) but here, the gals each showed they were capable of giving their all in a solid performance, Tommy just happy to try and keep up with them. The scene eventually ended when Eva's pussy milked him dry, Lexi taking his spew orally and cleaning up Eva's crotch where the rest of it flew.

Scene Four: 
Shawna Lenee, a curvy blond wearing black lingerie, was up next in the beat up location by a window, her sleepy eyes reminding me of the way a girlfriend with benefits looks just as she wakes up in the morning (ready to fuck). Her pretty eyes enhanced her appeal and she slowly teased in such a manner that I could honestly say I wish she would work more on movies. She finished up the tease and went into an adjacent room, finding studly Mick Blue and old reliable Jerry, waiting for her to blow them. Shawna took matters into her own hands by dropping to her knees to service them, alternating looking between them rather than the camera (I prefer gals to do this so I was happy) as they took turns drilling her mouth and pussy. Shawna rubbed her clitoris as she took their peckers inside of her, the end result leading to a large facial by both men glazing her face like a donut.

Scene Five: 
Eva Angelina, now all wet and soaping herself up, was up next in the titled bathroom for a shaving session that removed that offensive pubic hair from her crotch. This part of the tease was fun and while dedicated to shaving enthusiasts, did not slow the proceeding down at all for a guy like me not particularly interested in her grooming habits. This portion led to Eva on an old couch with Marco Banderas and Ben English shoving their cocks inside of her mouth, the gal jerking one off while sucking the other to oblivion. Eva actively rode one cock while the other tore into her mouth too, the gal at least as active during the ensuing anal and DP as anyone could expect of her but her fiery attitude enhancing the moment. It finished up with Eva receiving a load to her face and another to her ass cheeks, the devious glimmer coming from her expression really suitable for the movie as a whole.

Scene Six: 
Teagan Presley, Alexis Texas, Sunny Leone, and Eva Angelina, were up last, the quartet of hotties featured on the front cover in their black fetish attire. I wasn't all that keen on the manner in which the ladies kept looking at the camera but the rest of the action was such that there appeared to be some genuine chemistry and passion on display, a shame that no cocks were present to put the ladies through their paces. Teagan and Eva appeared to be the dominant ladies most of the scene this time, Alexis and Sunny always a welcome sight for this reviewer in a movie though admittedly Alexis showing a more pleasant personality. They fingered one another after some initial oral and the use of strap on dildos substituted well enough for the real deal, Sunny boning Alexis while Eva hammered sweet little Teagan. There was some rough stuff like spanking and taste testing, the dirty talk ending when it was apparent that at least a couple of them exploded with some juices.


Extras: 
While some might care about the digital copy of the movie included (the reason the digital copy on this title is important as it was done exactly like a mainstream iTunes title: bit for bit identical to the DVD, 853x480 true anamorphic widescreen, complete with poster, synopsis, actors, etc. A first for adult this way.), I preferred the 29:28 minute long Behind the Scenes feature by Palmer Productions since it gave the ladies some extra time to have fun as well as provide more sex footage. There were two trailers and a photogallery too, but that was all.


Audio/Video Quality: 
Deviance was presented in a nicely shot anamorphic widescreen with an aspect ratio of 1.78:1 credited to director Joshua "Mr. Teagan Presley" for his Skinworxxx company; distributed by Adam & Eve for those who care. The standard definition version came out using the MPEG-2 codec for a 480 resolution picture, the production likely optimized for the high definition Blu-ray version that should be available at this writing. The video bitrate hovered around the 2.4 Mbps mark when I paid attention to it, the regular version of the movie certainly looking like it tried to fuse the more erotic nature of what the director wanted (the "gloss" mentioned on the front cover) while keeping in tune with the "filth" aspect mentioned too given the reality that a few of the cast did some truly hardcore acts. In terms of the focus, color saturation, use of shadows and light; the production was quite a bit more advanced than many wannabe companies shoot for. The camera angles and composition seemed to be a slight compromise at times though, using two cameras certainly assisting in providing the editor, John Waverly, enough material to work with to suit the stylish manner Joshua was looking for. Personally, I prefer the straightforward way the director of Photography, B. Skow, tends to shoot his own movies more than this but at least they did not go overboard as they did last time, limiting the use of the jib for example, to just a few moments. In all then, the visual elements provided some strokable fare in the SD version of the movie so I can only guess what is in store on the higher resolution version some of you will prefer. The audio was presented in a 2.0 Dolby Digital English using a 192 Kbps audio bitrate and 48 kHz sampling rate, the music in the background somewhat generic but not offensive for the most part. In the portions where there were vocals, the screams could be heard clearly enough, the aural components not really striking me as a huge upgrade from the rest of the movies on the market.


Summary: 
Deviance by director Joshua for distribution by Adam & Eve might not have been the hardest all sex flick of the year as advertised but it was such a great showcase for lovely Eva Angelina that any fan of hers should consider it a veritable "must have" based on her strengths alone, the additional warmth generated by ladies such as Teagan Presley, Kagney Linn Karter, Shawna Lenee, and others adding to the replay value more than a little bit. For my purposes, I felt this one earned a rating of Highly Recommended given the strokability and amount of fuck for the buck, the ending lesbian scene starring Teagan, Alexis Texas, Eva Angelina, and even Sunny Leone, enough to push it over the edge. In short then, Deviance combined the technical wizardry of B. Skow, vision by Joshua, and all the heat brought forth by the ladies mentioned to win me over in a big way, the unpolished edges giving it additional appeal as well as a glimpse of what is (hopefully) to come from fledgling company Skinworxxx.





4,000+ porn torrents: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens

(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)




