XIV-VIII-MMX


n.a.K. House Mix XV - A Tron Legacy Mix (XII-VIII-MMX)


House Mix XV is finally here!  Sorry for the slight delay however it took me awhile to finish up the mixing process as I'm experimenting with some new software.  I'm really excited about this one as I've included two of my very own remixes for you to check out.  A little tribute to one of my favourite movies as a kid and an ode to the upcoming remake which includes a soundtrack produced by none other than Daft Punk.  Some amazing tracks are here so hold on tight! 


Be sure to check out tracks by Steve Angello, Koen Groeneveld, Gerd, Rainer Weichhold and my very own remix which closes out this beautiful set.  It's a remix and mash-up of a brand new Daft Punk track  from the Tron Legacy soundtrack.  I hope you like it!

Thanks again for all the amazing comments and I'd like to say hello to all my visitors from around the globe who keep this going! Remember you can visit my website to download of all my house sets free at www d0t musicthroughscience d0t c0m. 


Cheers,

n.a.K. 



Track Listing

Intro - 30-65-99......
Daft Punk - Synopsis vs. Prestige (n.a.K. Remix)
Addy Van Der Zwan, Koen Groeneveld - Gotta Move (Original Mix)
Steve Angello - K.N.A.S. (Original Mix)
Gerd - For 12 Minutes She Danced With An Alien (Joris Voorn Ruff Mix)
Rah Band - Clouds Across the Moon (Jay Lumen & Umek Hey Baby Remix)
John Digweed & Nick Muir - Tangent (Marco Bailey Remix)
Moguai - Oyster (Original Mix)
Rainer Weichhold - Reis (Carlo Lio Remix)
Stefano Noferini - It's War (Original Mix)
Mark Knight - Devil Walking (Original Club Mix)
Passenger 10 - Waterworld (Original Mix)
Jean Elan - What It Takes (Original Mix)
Mark Reeve - Carlito (Original Mix)
Daft Punk vs. Jorgensen, BSD & Deadmau5 - The Crash (n.a.K. Remix)
Outro - The Aftermath.......
   
Total Track Time                       
1:20:21

Track Info
320kbps MP3
48000Hz
Stereo
128 BPM



Mixed and Produced by: n.a.K. 

Brought to you by: www d0t musicthroughscience d0t com

