File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"This Ain't a Love Song" is the lead single from Bon Jovi's 1995 album These Days. It reached #14 in the United States, and was the only significant US hit from the album, however, it reached a high of #6 on the U.K. Singles Chart.

According to guitarist and co-writer Richie Sambora, the song is an example of the strong rhythm and blues influence that him and Jon Bon Jovi wanted the These Days album to have.

"Como Yo Nadie Te Ha Amado" ("no one has ever loved you like me") is the Spanish version of this song. Although there have been many renditions, the most successful has been that of Mexican singer Yuridia, whose second album, Habla El Corazon, included it. To date, it is Yuridia's second most successful song, only behind "Ángel", the first single from her debut album.

These Days is Bon Jovi's sixth studio album, and was released on June 27, 1995. This was the first album Bon Jovi released after the firing of bassist Alec John Such. Hugh McDonald unofficially replaced Such as bassist. At the time of release, the album was a huge commercial hit, particularly in Europe and Japan but failed to impress the audience in the United States. In the UK, the album was particularly notable for producing four Top 10 hit singles. The high sales of the album in Europe auspicied a re-issue of the album under the name of These Days Special Edition a year after its original release.

These Days was a huge commercial success, specially in the Japan and the European markets. In the UK the album was largely anticipated, and it had replaced Michael Jackson's album HIStory at number one on the UK Albums Chart and spent four consecutive weeks at #1. These Days holds the record for the band to spawn the most Top 10 singles, with four singles charting on the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart ("This Ain't a Love Song", "Something for the Pain", "Lie to Me", and "These Days"). The album also topped the European Albums Chart for seven weeks and the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry certified "These Days" three times platinum, denoting three million shipments within the continent. In 1995, the album was ranked number 2 on Q magazine's list of the Top 50 albums of 1995. In 2006 the album featured in the Classic Rock & Metal Hammer 's The 200 Greatest Albums Of The 90's.

In the United States, the album was received with lukewarm success. These Days spun only one hit single in United States. This Ain't A Love Song reaching the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100 and the album debuted at #9 on the Billboard 200, it slipped down the charts very quickly, and in all it just sold over one million copies in United States.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

