Cheddar.DVD.Vol. 12.DVDRIP-Djleak

      Release date: xx/xx/xx  
      Rip date:  Today NIGGAAA

      Genre: RAP

      Region: NTSC
      Audio: dolby 2.0
      Aspect: 4x3
      Language: English
      Source: DVD5
      Encoding: None
      Rars: NOne
                                                                        
      URL: http://cheddardvd.com/


Cheddar DVD, Vol. 12 | Rick Ross, Yo Gotti, Waka Flocka, Pebbelz, Pinky & more


Cheddar DVD Volume 12 wastes no trime going hard as it jumps off with RICK ROSS performing a cut off his latest release Teflon Don in an exclusive, private-studio session. After Ross' insane session with the Triple C's, it's off to catch up with Yo Gotti in Milwaukee while he searches for his 5-star chick. He gives us a glimpse at his crazy iced-out lifestyle and the Mil keep it poppin' with the Playa's Ball, hosted by none other than the lovely adult actress Pinky. Pimps from all around come to Chuuuch with Don 'Magic' Juan and Pimpin' Ken, who've squashed their beef and are together on this DVD holding it down for the pimps and player's celebration. And you already know the girl Pinky is showin out for the cameras...

And the party doesn't stop there.

Cheddar DVD is off to ATL to get up-close and personal with one of the industry's hottest video modelz Pebblez Da Model. Featured in videos all over the place and between the pages of magazines like Straight Stuntin Magazine, check out here 34-25-45 frame and try not to drool. And if you want some live and exclusive hip-hop performances, Cheddar DVD has you covered. LaFlare's So Icey one-time protege Waka Flocka Flame gives a crazy performance at his party with Shawty L-O and OJ Da Juiceman coming out to support this trapper's holiday. And if you haven't heard of up-and-coming artist Young Robbo, you better take notice. He definitely about his business and remember where you saw it first...CHEDDAR DVD is putting the kid on. He's not the only newcomer being put on with Chedar Vol. 12 -- check out the Artist On The Grind installment and you won't be disappointed.

CHEDDAR DVD, VOLUME 12 - Chapter Selection Playlist

1. Rick Ross
2. Pinky
3. Pebblez Da Model
4. Yo Gotti
5. Young Robbo
6. Waka Flocka Flame
7. Trademark Rob
8. Chubby CHub - Hot 97
9. Spike G
10. Playa's Ball
11. Bilal
12. Nino Brown
13. Trouble Hoolyboy
14. Luke's Triple X Party
