Milton The Monster Season 1 VHSRip Xvid LKRG
 
http://img249.imageshack.us/slideshow/webplayer.php?id=milt1.png

Encoded by Legend.Killer.RG

Milton the Monster, Fearless Fly, Flukey Luke, Muggy-Do Boy Fox, Penny Penguin and Stuffy Durma, the Millionaire Hobo, are the stars of their own cartoon shorts

Cast: Bob McFadden (26 episodes, 1965)

Milton the Monster
The series starred Milton the Monster, a Frankenstein-looking monster with a flat-topped, seemingly hollow head which emitted various quantities of white steam or smoke based on his mood or situation. He was created by mad scientist Professor Montgomery Weirdo and his assistant Count Kook, who lived in a haunted house on Horror Hill. Milton is a smiling, good-natured fellow, thanks to the Professor using too much "tincture of tenderness" as explained in the opening theme of each individual Milton the Monster segment. Milton was created not of individual body parts, but rather in a mold from such liquids as "essense of terror" and "sinister sauce." Out of fear of his creation destroying him, Professor Weirdo intended to add just a few drops of the aforementioned tincture of tenderness to the mold, but Count Kook bumped the Professor's elbow, resulting in too much of the tincture being added to the mix. Milton's voice, which owed much to Grady Sutton's Og Ogglby character from the W. C. Fields' feature film THE BANK DICK, was provided by Bob McFadden who also provided voices for Professor Weirdo's resident monsters:

Heebie - a skull-faced, top hat-wearing zombie with a Peter Lorre voice
Jeebie - a slow-witted, cyclopian, hairy green creature with a single sharp tooth that was often used to open soda cans
Professor Weirdo's nemesis was Professor Fruitcake, another mad scientist who lived in a castle on an opposite hill. Professor Fruitcake's major creation was Zelda the Zombie. Other characters in the series included Fangenstein, a biker monster apparently inspired by Marlon Brando, his sidekick, Abercrombie the Zombie and Professor Weirdo's aunt, the witchy Aunt Hagatha.


Other features on the show included:

"Fearless Fly", starring an insect superhero similar to Hanna-Barbera's Atom Ant. One of the most popular segments of the Milton the Monster Show, Fearless Fly was in reality Hirem, an ordinary housefly who, when danger threatens, ducks into a nearby matchbox, dons a red sweater and, in a reversal of Clark Kent, changes into the superhero Fearless Fly by putting on a pair of super high-powered glasses that "provides millions of mega-tons of energy through the sensitive muscles in his head." FF, according to the opening, is more powerful than a speeding rocket and faster than a beam of light. No flypaper can hold him and no insecticide can stop him. Fearless Fly's only weakness is losing his glasses, which happens in just about every episode. To bring the point home, Hirem bemoans his fate by telling the audience, "Without my super high-powered glasses I'm helpless!" His chief nemesis is the 900-year-old Fu Manchu-inspired Dr. Goo Fee and his sidekick Gung Ho. Occasionally, Milton the Monster's Professor Weirdo makes an appearance to threaten Fearless Fly. Specifically, the episodes "Fearless Fly meets the Monsters" and "The Spider Spiter." The "Fearless Fly meets the Monsters" episode appears to be an early pilot for Milton the Monster. We see Professor Weirdo creating a monster similar to Milton. The same tincture of tenderness mishap occurs, but this creature's name is George. He basically looks like Milton, but with the Frankenstein Monster's hairstyle, has a deeper voice that sounds nothing like Jim Nabors, and a scar across his forehead. Heebie and Jeebie are present, but have different voices. Heebie's voice sounds more like Jeebie's, while Jeebie's design is basically unchanged, except he has a full set of fangs instead of just a single sharp tooth and sounds like Peter Lorre. Also present is a robot that appears to be an early version of Mechanical Mike, a character that appears in the Milton the Monster episode, "Monster-Sitter." The actual Milton the Monster makes a brief cameo in the episode, "Ferocious Fly" as a mirage Hirem hallucinates while lost in the desert. When Fearless Fly is in the guise of Hirem, he hangs out at the Sugar Bowl with his girlfriend Flory (not Flora, as sited in other reference sources). Hirem's chief antagonist at the bistro is the bullying Horsey the Horsefly. Flory's voice was provided by the un-credited Beverly Arnold. Bob McFadden usually provided all of the voices, including the female ones, such as the seductive Lady Deflyah.
"Flukey Luke", with a cowboy detective and his Irish-accented Native American companion Two Feathers. Flukey Luke was so named because of his dumb luck that allowed him to get the upper hand despite being incredibly inept.
"Stuffy Durma", starring a nouveau-riche hobo who resisted the attempts of valet Bradley Brinkley to get some culture and breeding.
"Muggy-Doo", featuring a sly boy fox who often gets into trouble with his get-rich-quick schemes.
"Penny Penguin", starring a bratty aquatic bird.