The Oncoming Storm by Her Horses



Her Horses is the moniker to which songwriter Brian Galbreath throws his curses at the dark, at the ghosts, and to the wolves or whomever. He is a minimalist, know this up front, and take joy in the fact that he is a student of great songwriters including Leonard Cohen, Townes Van Zandt and Isaac Brock. In his latest set of songs, Galbreath comes at the listener with teeth showing, wearing pain like a badge. The set begins with “I Will Be Waiting,” a reverse loop that sounds like it’s being used to raise the dead, and then comes Her Horses on vocals like some blind poet giving revelations. So a reverse loop, a choir of ghosts and hard scrabble verses make the oncoming storm break from the gates and strike like a southern copperhead never seen. This one and the next four songs make up what I would describe as the first half of the record or side A of the LP. All five songs here use minimal instrumentation and minimal lyrics to say much with little. An exception might be the almost joyous “Make Me Famous,” which begins with soft keyboards and quickly becomes an anthem for a pub crawl about the devils of fame. “South” is the song that seems to me as the shifter in tone, it begins with ice-pick piano and Galbreath’s chorus of voices recalling youth’s baptism that soon sounds like an ode to debts unpaid and a life’s worth of regret. In this lays the beauty of Her Horses. A beautiful picture of the war, so catchy at times that you find yourself being reeled in to listen at the rhymes and there you are poisoned by cold observations of a world that man has witnessed and felt since the clay began to breath.



1.  I Will Be Waiting
2.  Like A Lion
3.  Locked Up
4.  Make Me Famous
5.  Do You Know What I Am?
6.  South
7.  Death Approaches Slowly
8.  The Oncoming Storm
9.  Trust Me, I Know
10. The Animal



  
http://www.songmeanings.net/artist/view/songs/137438990164

  
http://www.last.fm/music/her+horses/+albums





Her Horses is Brian Galbreath