Jesse Ventura starts out by telling us his first days as Minnesota's first Independent governor and how he was requested to meet with and answer some questions by those wonderful folks with the CIA down in the lower area of the Minnesota Capitol Building. He is obviously a conspiracy nut (and I don't mean that in a derogatory way) who takes his research seriously and is meticulous. He has said "When I get denied something, I do the opposite of getting intimidated--I get angry." He's determined to get answers. He gives us an insight on the JFK, RFK and Lincoln assassinations, the Dr. King and Malcom X assassinations, and a great American hero whom most of the country has never heard. Marine Major General Smedley Butler prevented some of America's big name bankers and industrialist of what amounted to a take over of the country from FDR. These icons thought Butler was their man to pull it off. Instead, he read the Constitution and effectively brought an end to the conspiracy. I have a degree in American History and I wasn't aware that happened. He deals with the CIA and their escapades. He goes after Bush/Cheney and the stolen elections of 2000 and 2004. He takes us through the Jonestown Massacre. The first stolen election? Bush/Cheney you think? So did I, but he shows us how the Election of 1980 was the first stolen election. His take: "Reagan's people had cut a deal with Iran to keep the hostages beyond the presidential election, to ensure President Carter's negotiations with Iran failed and that he lost to Reagan." 9/11 is not a taboo subject for the former governor. Israel sent two senior agents of the Mossad to Washington in August 2001 to "alert the CIA and FBI to the existence of a cell of as many as 200 terrorists said to be preparing a big operation." He shows us that our officials in Washington were not concerned enough to take that and other warning seriously. Was there a conspiracy? The Governor's book isn't an "I think it was like this" book. He documents his findings. In summary, I'm glad I purchased this book. It is written by someone who isn't afraid of our corrupt government (whether Democrat or Republican, they're both self serving, each with their own agenda) and who pretty much says it like it is. I wish we had more people of Governor Ventura's calibre who exposes our government's lies and coverups by ssking the tough questions our bureaucrats don't want to answer. If conspiracies are your thing, this book is a must read. If you don't buy it, go to your library and check it out.