ASCII<ROY/SAC>    
                                                            

  -  -    --  --
   -       b a c k l a s h                                          --
    -                    p r o u d l y     p r e s e n t s            --
  -  -  --  --


title --
 -----
              GREED - Black Border (c) Headup Games                
  ---- 
                                                                          
information --
 --
  Release Date: 08-DEZ-2009        Release Size: 37 Disks
   Game Type   : Hack'n'Slash       Protection  : Condom
                                                                        
                                                                         
 -- 
                                                                          

release notes --
 --
  
   

   GAME IS MULTI2 GERMAN/ENGLISH

   GREED features all ingredients to create an enthralling hack'n'slash
   classic. In the tradition of other critically acclaimed and proven genre
   colleagues you as the player will need to fight your way through masses
   of critters, robots, aliens and many other exotic adversaries while
   collecting unique items and skills thus leveling up your character. In
   contrast to the genre ancestors, the story of GREED takes place in an
   adult and mature science fiction scenario. In the futuristic universe of
   GREED the discovery of novel interstellar travel possibilities has lead
   to a new age of colonialization. The five largest colonial powers are
   entangled in a full-scale war over a new element called Ikarium, the
   recently discovered rare source of nearly unlimited energy. You as a
   former member of an elite military unit will fight a battle for your
   survival not know-ing that your actions will lead fate of all mankind
   into dramatic consequences.

   GREED takes your character, chosen out of three completely different
   classes, through manifold levels and environments, all playable in
   three increasing difficulty levels putting even the toughest endgame
   player to a test - but as always, more pain con-tains more gain!
   Embedded in various scenarios, GREED throws waves of deadly foes in
   your way as well as screen filling end bosses. But dont despair!
   Helpful innovation can be found in numerous innovative features such
   as the unique dodge move, self-charging shields or destructible
   environments. The combination of the different character-specific
   skills and abilities in three categories gives you the diversity
   needed to conquer even the toughest foes. And if you need a little
   more support, GREED also features a cooperative multiplayer mode where
   you and your friends can show the universe what you are made of!

   Features
   ~~~~~~~~
   * HacknSlash in a dark science fiction setting
   * A huge variety of different levels in three settings, each playable
     on three dif-ficulties, inhabited by fierce and deadly creatures
     and screen-filling end bosses
   * Three entirely different character classes to choose from
   * Upgradable skills in three categories per character class - the
     simultaneous use of these categories causes thrilling skill combinations
   * Upgradable character attributes with direct game play effect
   * Hundreds of partially socketed items to collect
   * Online cooperative multiplayer mode for up to three players 

   Ripped: Intro/Outro
   
                                                             /Team Backlash

                                                                        
                                                                         
 -- 
                                                                          

install notes --
 --
  
   

  1) Unpack (use unpack.bat)
  2) Start Setup
  3) Play!
  
  Have fun!
  
  Note
  ~~~~
  Use Options.exe or the "GREED Option" Link in Startmenu to change
  Game Settings and Game Language if needed!
                                                                        
                                                                         
 -- 
                                                                          
 
misc information --
 --
  last update: 10. October 1999                                     
   nfo design by backlash                                          
        diz & nfo ascii by roy/sac                                       
 -- 
                                                                          
                                                                          
  - f  e  e  l    t  h  e    b  a  c  k  l  a  s  h --