File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


The Bridge is the debut album of Canadian R&B/soul Singer Melanie Fiona, released under the SRC/Universal Motown label in June 2009. It was released in the United States on November 10, 2009. The album debuted at #4 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and at #57 on the Billboard 200 chart, where it has since peaked at #27. The album received generally favorable reviews.

"Give It to Me Right" is the debut single from The Bridge. The song peaked at number 57 on the U.S. Billboard  Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

"It Kills Me" was Fiona's first entry on the Billboard Hot 100, charting at #43. The single was being the second from that album in the U.S. and charted at #1 on the U.S. R&B chart. It was released in Canada as the third single from the album and will be released as the third single in the UK on 14 June, 2010.

"Bang Bang" was released in the UK and Canada as the second single for top 40 and hot adult contemporary radio stations.

"Monday Morning" has already charted in Switzerland and Poland at number 1 and in Austria at number 5. It was released as the third U.S. single (however, "Bang Bang" was released as the second Canadian single for Canadian top 40 & hot AC play), but due to "Priceless" not being released in Canada, "Monday Morning" will serve as the fifth single in Canada due to hot adult contemporary radio station CKZZ-FM (Virgin Radio 953) in Vancouver having the song on its playlist.

"Ay Yo" was released as fourth single released from The Bridge, according to Fiona's website and Twitter. The music video premiered on April 12, 2010.

"Priceless" will be the fifth U.S. single due to airplay on urban adult contemporary stations. Due to "Priceless" not being released in Canada, "Monday Morning" will be serviced to Canadian stations as the fifth single, even though "Monday Morning" was released as the third American single.

The Bridge has received generally positive reviews from music critics. Edwin McFee of Hot Press called the album "an intelligent homage to ‘60s Motown, sampling soul classics while putting her own unique stamp on things". Allmusic's Matthew Chisling gave it 3½ out of 5 stars and wrote that "where it does go, it goes masterfully", concerning its sound. Despite noting a weakness in the album's cohesiveness, Mark Edward Nero of About.com  wrote favorably of the album's production and commended Fiona for her vocal ability. "It Kills Me" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

