John Mortimer - The Sound Of Trumpets - read by Rik Mayall - BBC Audiobook



John Mortimer's novel is set in Blair's Britain, with Terry Flitton standing as New Labour's candidate for the safe Conservative seat of Hartscombe and Worsfield South. The by-election has been caused by the mysterious death of the sitting MP (wearing a leopard skin bikini, his hands manacled behind his back and a ping-pong ball in his mouth)...

Read by Rik Mayall, and abridged by Neville Teller

Ten episodes of approx 15 minutes each.




Episode 1:
An MP is found dead. A by-election is called. And Lord Titmuss gets involved.

Episode 2:
Terry Flitton meets Agnes Simcox, owner of `The Dust Jacket', Hartscombe's local independent bookshop. And what is the mystery surrounding Slippy Johnson, current at the Skurfield Young Offender's Institute?

Episode 3:
In a surprise development, a Tory runs the Labour campaign in a forthcoming by-election.

Episode 4:
Terry Flitton goes horse-riding with Agnes Simcox and canvassing with his beautiful wife Kate, as his appearance on a local radio chat show has not been favourably received.

Episode 5:
Terry Flitton is unintentionally caught up in the Hartscombe Hunt and is embarrassed to find his photograph on the front page of `The Sentinel'.

Episode 6:
Lord Titmuss is up to his usual skullduggery as he discovers the New Labour candidate in an embrace with Agnes Simcox and the truth surrounding the mysterious death of the former MP for Hartscombe and Worsfield South.

Episode 7:
Lord Titmuss has brought Terry to the brink of victory but now he could bring him disaster. Blackmail and political manoeuvring abound as polling day looms.

Episode 8:
Labour candidate Terry Flitton takes his seat and meets his old flame.

Episode 9:
Will Terry Flitton become Labour MP for Hartscombe and Worsfield South? Will his affair with Agnes Simcox be exposed? All this and much more is revealed in this penultimate episode.

Episode 10:
The political shenanigans in the constituency of Hartscombe and Worsfield South come to a climax in this final episode from John Mortimer's novel.
Will Lord Titmuss still be king of his local area, or has his crown been usurped?



Type : mpeg 1 layer III
Bitrate : 128
Mode : joint stereo
Frequency : 44100 Hz
Encoder : Lame 3.95
Size: 127 MB



Ripped from the audio torrent site radioarchive.cc - Registration is FREE!!




Enjoy and Seed!!