 http://bayimg.com/LAeLNAaco


Robert F. Gorman "Great Events From History: The 20th Century, 1941-1970"
Published by Salem Press | Publication date : December 2007 | ISBN : 1587653311 | PDF | 4025 pages | English

This is a unique resource: Nothing is comparable with this much depth or numbers that covers so many 20th century events. “Great Events from History: The Twentieth Century, 1941-1970” is the ninth installment in Salem Press' ongoing Great Events from History series. This six-volume set contains 1,112 essays on more than 1,100 significant world events between 1941 and 1970.
In this set, the mid-twentieth century receives worldwide coverage that prioritizes the needs of students at the high school and undergraduate levels. The events covered include the geopolitical events of the era – from World War II (1939-1945) and the Holocaust to the formation of the United Nations and the start of the Cold War in 1945, from the Korean War (1950-1953) to the war in Vietnam (1959-1975).
Essays in this work also address important social and cultural developments in literature, the arts, music, law, and social and civil rights legislation.Among the many broad subjects receiving extensive coverage are: the emerging environmental movement and the growing awareness of pollution; Europe's changing political divisions and shifting alliances; global human rights struggles, including those of women, children, minority groups, and political refugees; the nuclear age; space exploration; postcolonial struggles and revolutionary political movements; dictatorships; and famine and natural disasters. This set also covers major advances in medicine, science, and technology, including those discoveries that brought fundamental changes to daily life beginning in the early 1940's.Medical scientists learned that DNA carries hereditary information and that its structure is in the form of a double-helix; they developed the polio vaccine and determined the structure of insulin and penicillin; and they advanced x-ray photography for medical purposes. Milestones were reached in computer technology, aviation, physics, astronomy, geology, and telecommunications.
Essays are arranged chronologically and have an average length of 1,850 words (3-4 pages) and adhere to a uniform format. The ready reference top matter of every essay includes the most precise date, the name, type and location of each event, and key figures involved. 

The text of the essay is divided into four elements: "Summary of Events" gives a chronological description of the facts of the event. "Significance" assesses the event's historical impact. "Further Reading" provides an annotated list of sources for further study and "See Also" contains cross-references to other essays within the set. The front matter of each volume includes a section of historical maps and a keyword list of contents. An additional 84 maps, as well as 235 quotations from primary source documents, lists, and time lines accompany individual essays. Appendixes include a bibliography, list of URL's and websites, and a chronological list of entries.