CONTENT: FULL IMAGE [DVD-5] OF THE SURROUND DVD (5.1 surround sound mix + high resolution stereo) FROM THE LIMITED EDITION BOX SET


!EXTRA!
Download it via R a p id S h a r e:
http:// r a p i d s h a r e . c o m/files/288046476/03_10_09_PT_TI_I_INFO.txt


The Incident is Porcupine Tree’s tenth studio album and like ‘Fear Of A Blank Planet’ – which was an elaborate conceptual piece fuelled by a 21st century cocktail of MTV, sex, prescription drugs, video games, the internet, terminal boredom and subsequent escape – it takes the listener on a thrilling audio journey. In turns haunting, desolate, hypnotic and euphoric, its centre-piece is the title track – a stunning 55-minute musical statement that breaks down into 14 separate and often diverse (though interlinked) vignettes. 

The tale begins slowly with ‘Occam’s Razor’, gaining momentum and intensity with ‘The Blind House,’ ‘Drawing The Line’, and ‘The Incident’ itself, though the group’s masterful manipulation of sounds and textures is never overlooked. The mellowness of ‘The Yellow Windows Of The Evening Train,’ for instance, is accompanied by the gentle crackle of a needle on vinyl – for all his skill as a producer and remixer, Wilson is a staunch supporter of the ‘old’ ways of listening to music. Incorporating both of these styles, ‘Octane Twisted’ somehow batters and seduces simultaneously, while ‘I Drive The Hearse,’ further sweetened by an uplifting guitar climax, is an intoxicating slice of melancholy with which to book-end the record’s 14-piece song cycle. 

The seeds of the idea that led to ‘The Incident’ came to Steven Wilson as he became caught up in a motorway traffic jam whilst driving past a road accident. “There was a sign saying ‘POLICE – INCIDENT’ and everyone was slowing down to rubber neck what had happened,” he recalls. “Afterwards, it struck me that ‘incident’ is a very detached word for something so destructive and traumatic for the people involved”. Additionally, Wilson delved back into incidents in his own life that had profound affected him, including a lost childhood friendship, a séance, his first love, and the day that he decided to give up secure employment to follow his dream of making music. The album’s epic song, an 11-minute Pink Floyd-flavoured masterpiece called ‘Time Flies’, for instance, begins with the line: “I was born in 1967.” ‘The Incident’ is completed by four standalone compositions all housed on a separate CD to stress their independence from the record’s main 14-part suite.


About the limited edition:
"It's a piece of art...not some files or some functional CD in a bland crystal case...For me, the deluxe edition is a way of making music something people will want to cherish, own and treasure like they would a beautiful painting." Steven Wilson.


The BOX and the pictures are really cool. A true collector's item and highly recommended to grab one.