Date:Date:
 08-11-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Richard Sauder, Gerald Celente 
 


Researcher Richard Sauder discussed the black budget world of super-secret & underground projects, as well as his involvement in the peace movement. He was recently arrested and incarcerated for three months, after he staged a peaceful demonstration at a U.S. Air Force nuclear missile silo in North Dakota, as an act of civil disobedience. \"If we want to have a future free of nuclear weapons, and free of the threat of nuclear warfare then we individually need to do something...and I strongly suggest...that that something be creatively non-violent, because it is violence that is dragging us down to mutual ruination,\" he stated. Sauder cited three religions--Judaism, Christianity, and Islam as a kind of \"mind control\" which historically have been the source of much violence. 

There is a widespread construction program of underground and undersea bases with secret facilities, along with extensive tunneling, he reported. These projects are built with sophisticated technology, and \"shadow government\" and numerous agencies including the military, and corporations are involved, Sauder detailed. The technology that enables the bases may also be associated with dimensional portals and non-human intelligences, and this is one explanation as to why these projects are kept so secret, he noted. 

The concept of a secret space program that runs parallel to NASA was first introduced to Sauder via a telepathic message from Robert Monroe (known for his out-of-body travels) in 1981, he revealed. There are bases on Mars and the moon, and possibly exotic technologies like time travel, bending space-time, and near-light speed travel, kept hidden from the public, Sauder contended. Further, he suggested there are astrological, spiritual, and ceremonial aspects to space travel which also remain clandestine. 

Celente Forecast
First hour guest, trends analyst Gerald Celente shared forecasts. Now that the \"bailout bubble\" has burst, he warned that a pretext could set off a war with Iran. \"When all else fails...they take us to war,\" he commented. \"Fighting in foreign entanglements while you\'re draining the Treasury,\" – this is a perfect symptom of America\'s \"empire decline,\" he said. 


Website(s):
-keyholepublishing.com/Sauder.html
-trendsresearch.com
Book(s):
-The Richard Sauder Briefing
-Hidden in Plain Sight
-Underground Bases and Tunnels