Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Damned If I Do Ya (Damned If I Don't)" is a song by American pop punk band All Time Low, released Hopeless Records as a digital download on June 16, 2009. It is the second single from their new studio album Nothing Personal. During its first week of availability, the song went as high as #21 on iTunes. Consequently, it became their first Hot 100 charting song, debuting at #67.

In the first week of July, three videos of the making of Damned If I Do Ya (Damned If I Don't) were posted on Buzznet. It shows the lead singer Alex Gaskarth in a school bench with a teacher walking around him. It was shot with a green screen, which Rian Dawson (drummer for All Time Low) explained would mean that the editors would create the background during the production process.

The video was directed and animated by Matthew Stawski, who also directed All Time Low's video for "Weightless" and Fall Out Boy's video for "America's Suitehearts". The artwork for the video was done by Joshua Clay, who also did the artwork for Fall Out Boy's America's Suitehearts along with Serge Gay, Jr.

Some behind the scenes photos were posted on a Glamour Kills blog on September 8 stating that the music video will premiere the following week.

The video itself premiered on 11th of September.

The video revolves mainly on lead singer Alex Gaskarth. It is set as Alex is on a talk show called "Damned If I Do Ya, Damned If I Don't". The video opens with Alex and the host, Nika "Nothing Personal" Jones as she talks about Alex's affair with his school teacher. Throughout the video it shows distractions Alex has with his classes and at his band practices. After the end of the bridge, "...but I never promised you" the song comes to a hault and Jack, Zack, Rian, Alex's parents, and the school teacher come out, and it starts a full out brawl. When the brawl starts, the chorus comes back in as everyone is beating each other up. There is an added verse of the end music so the fight can continue, once Alex defeats everyone, him and the school teacher kiss and the video ends with the audience clapping.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

