Osho Fluctuation Meditation - Be Still and Know - Full version

Osho Fluctuation Meditations contain the best audio quality Osho
discourses accompanied with a background music by Osho
musicians and the best of ethnic music played by the most
outstanding musicians.

Usually, when you just listen to the discourse by itself,
your mind tends to wonder away on all sorts of mind trips
and you are not even aware when it does it. All you recognize is when
it came back to the source and become aware of the discourse again.

With Fluctuation meditation, the background music is specifically
selected to be beautiful and conductive to you remaining with it.
You will be taken through different spaces, world traditions,
and musical styles from ancient to modern. The best of the best.

The chance of you staying with the discourse is much higher.
If your mind wonders away from the discourse,
if becomes occupied with the beauty of music,
and so it becomes much easier to become aware
of how your mind wonders away from the present moment.

You can create these meditations by yourself by playing the discourse
using one media player, such as VLC player (http://www.videolan.org/vlc/)
or some other player and playing a song list with beautiful meditative music
at the same time using a different player, such as Winamp and playing
a song list with it. So you have two players playing simultaneously.

The music volume should be set much quieter than the discourse
and it should be overshadowed when the voice gets loud. The only purpose
of music is to provide you an additional hook to this very moment.
When your mind wonders away on its trips, the first choice it is going
to have is that beautiful music. It becomes easier to see how your mind flickers.
It bounces back and forth. That is the whole point. Since music is barely
audible and is beautiful, it creates a certain tension, trying to hear
the music, which brings you back to the present moment again and again.

Osho musicians produced a large collection of meditative music.
So, this would be a very good choice. But you can also play the ethnic
music that you like. It works fine. But do not play any aggressive
or complicated music such as rock or jazz. That won't work.

Just lay back, close your eyes and enjoy this space of silence.
There is nothing to do.
Everything is in a perfect shape, as perfect as it gets.

Finally, you can search on anything you want out of Osho books
on line from : 
http://oshosearch.net/Convert/search.php

or view the entire collection at: 
http://oshosearch.net
