File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:05:33

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1751 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.15 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 1411 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Human Wheels is the 12th album released by John Mellencamp in 1993. Released on Mercury Records, it peaked at #7 on the Billboard 200. The single "What If I Came Knocking" was Mellencamp's last #1 single on the Album Rock Tracks chart, staying atop for two weeks in the summer of 1993.

The album is dedicated to band member John Cascella, who died unexpectedly about halfway through production.

In 1993, he released Human Wheels, one of his most critically-acclaimed albums, although the title track peaked at a disappointing No. 48 on the Billboard singles chart, a fact that Mellencamp directly attributes to his label's refusal to spend another $30,000 on promotion for the song. Still, Human Wheels has widely been regarded as one of his strongest works.

"To me, this record is very urban," Mellencamp told Billboard magazine of Human Wheels in the summer of '93. "We had a lot of discussions about the rhythm and blues music of the day. We explored what a lot of these (current) bands are doing — these young black bands that are doing more than just sampling.

"The rhythms in songs like 'When Jesus Left Birmingham' or 'French Shoes' or 'Junior' are R&B, but to me R&B is the basic beat that propels the human body. Sly & the Family Stone also deserve a tip of the hat here, because as a kid when I heard Sly sing 'hot fun at the country fair,' I said, 'Man, that's for me!' Years later, I saw that there was a lot more subtlety and intensity to his music than I first realized. And whether you hear the influence in Tone Loc or Arrested Development, Sly remains an undercredited inspiration in '90s rock'n'roll. He made street music, and I wanted things like 'Birmingham' to have the rhythm of the streets."

John Mellencamp, previously known by the stage names Johnny Cougar, John Cougar, and John Cougar Mellencamp, (born October 7, 1951) is an American rock singer-songwriter, musician, painter and occasional actor known for his rootsy, organic brand of heartland rock that is infused with catchy pop hooks and evocative, introspective lyrics about such hot-button subjects as politics, racism, poverty and mortality. Mellencamp has brought together rock, folk, country, blues and R&B into his eclectic body of work.

He has sold over 40 million albums worldwide and has amassed 22 Top 40 hits in the United States. In addition, he holds the record for the most tracks by a solo artist to hit number-one on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, with seven, and he has been nominated for 13 Grammy Awards, winning one.

Mellencamp is also one of the founding members of Farm Aid, an organization that began in 1985 with a star-studded concert in Champaign, Illinois to raise awareness about the loss of family farms and to raise funds to keep farm families on their land. The Farm Aid concerts have remained an annual event over the past 25 years, and as of 2010 the organization has raised over $36 million to promote a strong and resilient family farm system of agriculture.

Mellencamp was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on March 10, 2008, by Billy Joel. His biggest musical influences are Bob Dylan, Woody Guthrie and The Rolling Stones.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/