
The Virtual Revolution is a British television documentary series presented by Aleks Krotoski, which began airing on BBC Two on 30 January 2010. A co-production between the BBC and the Open University, the series looks at the impact the World Wide Web has had since its inception 20 years ago. The series took on a different approach to BBC documentary making by encouraging an open and collaborative production.

Part 1: The Great Levelling
In the first in this four-part series, Aleks charts the extraordinary rise of blogs, Wikipedia andand traces an ongoing clash between the freedom the technology offers us, and our innate human desire to control and profit. Dr Aleks Krotoski looks at how it is reshaping almost every aspect of our lives. Joined by some of the web’s biggest names – including the founders of Facebook, Twitter, Amazon, Apple and Microsoft, and the web’s inventor – she explores how far the web has lived up to its early promise.

Part 2: Enemy of the State
Here, Aleks charts how the Web is forging a new brand of politics, both in democracies and authoritarian regimes. With contributions from Al Gore, Martha Lane Fox, Stephen Fry and Bill Gates, Aleks explores how interactive, unmediated sites like Twitter andhave encouraged direct action and politicised young people in unprecedented numbers. Yet, at the same time, the Web’s openness enables hardline states to spy and censor, and extremists to threaten with networks of hate and crippling cyber attacks.

Part 3: The Cost of Free
In the third programme of the series, Aleks gives the lowdown on how, for better and for worse, commerce has colonised the web – and reveals how web users are paying for what appear to be ‘free’ sites and services in hidden ways. Joined by some of the most influential business leaders of today’s web, including Jeff Bezos (CEO of Amazon), Eric Schmidt (CEO of Google), Chad Hurley (CEO ofBill Gates, Martha Lane Fox and Reed Hastings (CEO of Netflix), Aleks traces how business, with varying degrees of success, has attempted to make money on the web.

Part 4: Homo Interneticus
Dr Aleks Krotoski concludes her investigation of how the World Wide Web is transforming almost every aspect of our lives. Joined by Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, Al Gore and the neuroscientist Susan Greenfield, Aleks examines the popularity of social networks such as Facebook and asks how they are changing our relationships. And, in a ground-breaking test at University College London, Aleks investigates how the Web may be distracting and overloading our brains.

Technical Specs for Hi-Def
Video Codec: x264 CABAC
Video Bitrate: 4000 KB/s
Video Aspect Ratio: 1:777
Video Resolution: 1280 × 720
Audio Codec: (Dolby AC3)
Audio Bitrate: 192 Kb/s 48000Hz
Audio Channels: 2
Run-Time: 59mins
Framerate: 25FPS
Number of Parts: 4
Part Size: 1.73GB
Ripped by JungleBoy
Subtitles: merged
Source: DVB-S