Based on six years of intensive research and devoted exclusively to solutions to man-made global warming, “Deep Green” cuts through the clutter to bring new clarity to an increasingly-urgent situation. The best applications worldwide in energy efficiency, green building, de-carbonizing transportation, sustainable agriculture, renewable energy and smart grids, and forest restoration. Some profoundly personal and practical—like what one person can do to lower their carbon load in their own house, with their 0wn Lifestyle, on their own land. Others necessarily complex, such as Southern California Edison’s quest to find the best batteries to electrify transportation.

We hear compelling insights from dozens of prominent thinkers, entrepreneurs, scientists, engineers and government officials on de-carbonizing energy and restoring the natural environment. Included are legendary authors Lester Brown and Michael Pollan; renowned scientists Amory Lovins of the Rocky Mountain Institute and Dr. David Suzuki; powerful voices in China like Barbara Finamore, Huang Ming, and Zhang Wei; and green energy pioneers in seven countries across Europe.


Through rare new footage, we go behind-the-scenes of China’s green revolution. High speed train lines under construction, subways in every city, 120 million electric bicycles, and Chinese-made electric cars that will surprise you. Massive Mongolian wind farms and giant factories to make solar electric and solar hot water systems dazzle as we discover just how fast China is moving toward a green energy future. We visit a state-of-the-art Ultra Super Critical Coal plant that eliminates 97% of sulphuric dioxide emissions and more than 99% of dust emissions, though still guilty of releasing 30,000 tons of CO2 per day. The biggest surprise? Despite a GNP 1/3 of the United States, and almost the same huge carbon emissions, China, as a percentage of its GDP, has surpassed the U.S. in green technology spending by over 600% in their effort to both lower carbon emissions and dominate the green tech industry of the 21st century.


We also journey to France for a close-up of Alstom’s 224-mph high-speed trains with a carbon footprint 4-5 times less than an airplane. In Sweden, we drop into “the greenest city in Europe” to hear their secrets. We listen in on a town hall meeting in Marburg, Germany–a community like many others that is grappling with wanting to do the right thing, but concerned about how to pay for it. In Germany and Spain, we’re given a preview of the just-approved, mind-boggling Project DESERTEC—a super-sized smart grid to supply diverse renewable energies to all of Europe and North Africa.

“Deep Green’s” stories are filled with startling revelations and fascinating facts—such as 50% of all U.S. energy is consumed by our buildings…. Cement is the number one emitter of CO2 across the entire built environment…. Switching to white roofs could eliminate one billion tons of carbon per year…. How we move from place to place is 20% of our carbon footprint… The way we produce our food contributes as much as a third of the greenhouse gases that we have to deal with.