Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 10
Episode Name: Ballad
Original Air Date on TV: November 18, 2009


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

Glee club director Will Schuester has the club split up into pairs to sing ballads to one another. As Matt Rutherford (Dijon Talton) is absent, Will is forced to take his place and sing with Rachel, who develops a crush on him. Recalling the last time a student had such strong feelings for him, Will remembers Suzy Pepper (Sarah Drew), a cute but geeky young woman who drooled over him in class, bought him novelty gifts and called him at home. When her feelings were not reciprocated, she grieved by eating a naga jolokia pepper, which led to her being put into a medically induced coma. Rachel visits Will's apartment, where his wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig) puts her to work cooking and cleaning. After an encounter with Suzy Pepper, in which Suzy explains that the two of them have similar circumstances and that chasing after Will won't repair Rachel's self-esteem, Rachel realizes her feelings for Will reflect her concerns about her own self-worth, and apologizes for her behavior. Afterwards, Will reassures her that she will find the man of her dreams.

Finn is paired with Kurt (Chris Colfer), who advises him to sing his ballad to his unborn daughter. When Finn's mother Carole (Romy Rosemont) finds him singing to a sonogram video, she deduces that his girlfriend Quinn is pregnant. Finn has dinner with Quinn and her parents Russell and Judy (Gregg Henry and Charlotte Ross), and reveals Quinn's pregnancy to them in song. Disappointed in their daughter, they evict Quinn, and she moves in with Finn and his mother. Kurt feels responsible for encouraging Finn to reveal the truth and apologizes, confessing that he is in love with Finn. Elsewhere, Puck (Mark Salling) tells Mercedes (Amber Riley) that he is the father of Quinn's baby, and Mercedes advises him to leave Quinn alone. The episode ends with the glee club coming together to sing "Lean on Me" in support of Finn and Quinn.

I Will Be Uploading All Glee Episodes As Single Files Then All Together (:
I Will Also Be Uploading All Albums To Each Season (:

Enjoy (: & Please Seed 

Thanks

- [Np]
