Home - A Stunning Visual Portrayal of Earth

Year: 2009
Genre: Documentary
Issued: France
Length: 1:58:25
Director: Luc Besson, Ian Artus Bertrand
Narrator: Glenn Close

Description: June 5, 2009, on World Environment Day, while in Paris, London, New York, Moscow, Tokyo and other major cities in the world premiere of the film, unprecedented in its conception and embodiment of the film industry on the world stage. HOME - is the result of joint creative work of two masters of modern art - the world famous photographer Yann Arthus wild-Bertrand and cult film director Luc Besson. HOME - a half years shooting more than 60 countries around the world, is the most beautiful corners of the world, which threatens destruction. HOME - is a visual masterpiece, this is a positive shock, the film - opening. In an interview with Yann Arthus-Bertrand reported that the most powerful on the emotional impact of photography for him was the picture of our planet from space. "Looking at the earth from space, you realize that everything in our world is interconnected, that we all, regardless of which continent we live, and in what city, all of us - brothers and sisters. Earth - our common home that we should protect and which should take care. The birth of film HOME preceded by 15 years, during which it was created 500'000 images imprinted in more than 100 countries and sold 3 million books, conducted 100 free open-air exhibition with more than 100 million visitors, a fee of 4 documentaries with audience of 5 million people. The film shows us the beauty of the HOME planet and the devastation caused by human activities. Unhealed scars inflicted on the Earth industrial production, the consequences of wars, environmental disasters, reveal the viewer the real situation on the planet. A key aim of the film HOME - demonstrate the beauty of our planet, our common home, and to emphasize the importance of taking care of her. The film is intended to form a new vision of man - all in this world is interconnected, and the task of each of us to preserve nature and preserve life on the planet Earth. The film HOME invites us to stop for a moment to closely look at our planet, to understand it and realize how we get along with her beauty and her wealth. HOME will help us to reconsider our relationship with our planet.

Quality: BDRip (1080p)
Format: MKV
Video: MPEG-4 AVC, 11.1 Mbps, 1920x1080
Audio1: English (DTS, 6 ch, 1536 kbit/s)
Audio2: Russian (DTS, 6 ch, 1536 kbit/s)

Help seeding, plz!