atch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.1-NzB
Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.2-NzB
Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.3-NzB
Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.4-NzB
Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.5-NzB
Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.6-NzB

ENJOY a nifty little set of training videos for PHOTOSHOP.


²Û TiTlE : Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.1-NzB         Û²
²Û                                                                   Û²
²Û                                      Û²
²Û Category.......: Tutorials Vidéos                                 Û²
²Û play time......: 2h12min                                          Û²
²Û Group..........: NzB                                              Û²
²Û Package Type...: 10*Rar + PAR2                                    Û²
²Û URL : http://www.watchandlearnphotoshop.com                       Û²

Overview

This compilation is the first in a series of Photoshop Tips and Tricks
tutorials that have been featured in our WatchandLearnPhotoshop.com newsletter. 
This collection of Photoshop tutorials is a must have for any Photoshop enthusiast.

Detailed Video Descriptions

Detailed Video Descriptions  1 - 3D Reflection Effect (Running Time: 7:16)
This effect is identical to the effect shown in video 7, except that in this video, 
you'll learn how to create a reflection for a 3-dimensional object.

Censoring an Image  2 - Censoring an Image (Running Time: 2:53)
If you've ever seen the televsion show "Cops", you've seen video footage of someone 
being shoved into a police car with their faces censored out of the video. In this 
video, you'll learn how to create a similar effect in Photoshop.

Color Adjustment  3 - Color Adjustment (Running Time: 4:14)
Got a photograph with colors that just don't look quite right? In this video, you'll 
learn how to bring out the colors that were supposed to be in your image to begin with.

Creating a Wooden Frame  4 - Creating a Wooden Frame (Running Time: 7:25)
As you may have guess, this tutorial teaches you how to create a wooden frame for your 
pictures in Photoshop.

Glossy Reflection on Text  5 - Glossy Reflection on Text (Running Time: 7:11)
In this video, Craig will show you how to create that glossy reflective effect that you 
see on so many logos and websites. This effect is very simple to accomplish, and it adds 
so much to your text and your graphics.

Making Your Pictures Glow  6 - Making Your Pictures Glow (Running Time: 3:35)
In this tutorial, you'll learn a very simple method for adding a custom diffuse glow 
effect to your images in Photoshop.

Gradual Focus Change  7 - Gradual Focus Change (Running Time: 5:42)
In this video, Craig shows you how to add a little depth to your landscape photos by 
creating a gradual focus change, where the image gradually blurs as it moves towards 
the background.

Creating Grassy Fields  8 - Creating Grassy Fields (Running Time: 9:42)
In this video tutorial, Craig will show you how to create a very realistic grassy field 
scene from scratch using Photoshop's Filters and Brush Dynamics.

Grunge Text Effect  9 - Grunge Text Effect (Running Time: 6:01)
In this video, Craig will show you how to create a popular grunge text effect in Photoshop.

Converting Your Photos to Ink Sketches  10 - Converting Your Photos to Ink Sketches (Running Time: 4:12)
The "sketch" filter has it's limitations, so in this video, Craig shows you how to take a 
photograph and convert it into an ink sketch by hand.

Creating Realistic Lightning  11 - Creating Realistic Lightning (Running Time: 7:01)
t's amazing what a few filters and adjustments can do in Photoshop. In this video, you'll 
learn a few steps that will great a very realistic lightning effect.

Ancient Map Effect  12 - Ancient Map Effect (Running Time: 8:10)
Don't worry! You won't have to draw all the roads and boundaries yourself. In this tutorial, 
Craig will show you how to take a plain map and transform it into an amazing ancient map with 
wrinkles, tears, burns, and holes.

Matching Color Between Photographs  13 - Matching Color Between Photographs (Running Time: 4:29)
Often, when taking multiple photographs of a subject, you'll find that the color is off in some of 
them. If this occurs, fear not! Craig will show you how to fix this problem with Photoshop's color 
matching tools.

Custom Motion Blur  14 - Custom Motion Blur (Running Time: 4:44)
There's only so much that the "motion blur" filter can do for you in Photoshop. In this video, 
Craig will show you how to create your own motion blur by hand.

Panorama   15 - Panorama (Running Time: 10:16)
Ever wanted to piece a series of images together to make a panoramic shot? In this video, 
Craig will show you how to do so flawlessly, so that you can't tell where one image ends and 
the next one begins.

Perspective Cropping  16 - Perspective Cropping (Running Time: 2:31)
Taking a photograph of framed artwork can be a pain, especially if there's a layer of glass in 
front of the art. Unless you have perfect lighting or a camera with manual controls, you'll often 
end up with a bright flash covering up the art work. In this tutorial, you'll learn how to use 
perspective cropping to get around this problem. (Warning: Don't even take the picture until you 
view this tutorial.) .

Blurring the Background of a Picture  17 - Blurring the Background of a Picture (Running Time: 6:09)
Sometimes you can really make a picture come alive by blurring out the background and keeping 
the foreground in focus. This video will teach you how to do just that.

Creating a Planet  18 - Creating a Planet (Running Time: 9:00)
In this video, you'll learn how to create an amazingly realistic planet in just a few simple steps

Plastic Text Effect  19 - Plastic Text Effect (Running Time: 6:00)
This self-explanatory tip will teach you one of many methods used to create a 3-dimensional plastic 
texture for your text.

Reflection Effect  20 - Reflection Effect (Running Time: 14:22)
In this video, Craig will teach you a quick and easy way to create a reflection effect that gives 
your logo or graphic a little more depth and a lot more appeal.



²Û TiTlE : Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.2-NzB         Û²
²Û                                                                   Û²
²Û Date de Sortie.: 2006-2007                                        Û²
²Û Date Released..: 11.13.2007                                       Û²
²Û Category.......: Tutoriels Vidéos                                 Û²
²Û Play Time......: 2h2min                                           Û²
²Û Group..........: NzB                                              Û²
²Û Package Type...: 10*Rar + PAR2                                    Û²
²Û URL : http://www.watchandlearnphotoshop.com                       Û²

overview  Overview

This compilation is the first in a series of Photoshop Tips and Tricks tutorials 
that have been featured in our WatchandLearnPhotoshop.com newsletter. This collection 
of Photoshop tutorials is a must have for any Photoshop enthusiast.

Detailed Video Descriptions

Batch Processing  1 - Batch Processing (Running Time: 8:03)
Ever wanted to resize a group of images or add a watermark to a group of images, but you 
just didn't have the time to do it? Well, with Photoshop's Batch processing capabilities, 
you can make changes to multiple images all at once. In this video, you'll learn how to add 
a watermark to a collection of images all at once.

Using Clipping Masks  2 - Using Clipping Masks (Running Time: 3:35)
You've all seen postcards or advertisements with a picture of something inside a block of bold 
text. In this tutorial, you'll learn just how easy it can be to achieve this effect.

The Clone Stamp Tool  3 - The Clone Stamp Tool (Running Time: 9:10)
The clone stamp tool in Photoshop allows you to clone part of an image. It's almost like copying 
and pasting using a paintbrush, and it can be a very elegant way of duplicating or even removing 
parts of an image. In this tutorial, you'll learn how to use the clone stamp tool to duplicate a 
water tower and then to remove it.

Copyright Signature  4 - Cucoloris Blinds Effect (Running Time: 8:10)
A cucoloris (or “cookie”) is a metal sheet with patterns cut out of it, intended to cast patterned
shadows on the background (and often the subject) of a photograph. In this tutorial, trainer 
Geoff Riggs shows you how to create the effect of window blinds casting shadows on your subject.

Creating Your Own Custom Shapes  5 - Creating Your Own Custom Shapes (Running Time: 2:29)
You've seen Photoshop's collection of custom shapes, but did you know that you could make your own? 
In this video, you'll learn how to create a custom shape, save it, and apply it to an image.

Adding Eye Color to Black and White Images  6 - Adding Eye Color to Black and White Images (Running Time: 3:29)
This tip is pretty self explanatory. In it, you'll learn how to add a little color to your black 
and white photographs using blending modes and the paintbrush tool.

Adding Snow to a Photograph  7 - Adding Snow to a Photograph (Running Time: 2:16)
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to add realistic falling snow to a photograph in just a few simple steps.

Creating a Gear in Photoshop  8 - Creating a Gear in Photoshop (Running Time: 3:48)
In this tutorial, Geoff will show you how to use some advanced "Transform" features that will make 
creating objects like gears, flowers, or suns quite a bit easier!

Creating a Grid with a Custom Pattern  9 - Creating a Grid with a Custom Pattern (Running Time: 3:22)
In this video tutorial, Geoff will show you how to create and define a custom pattern in Photoshop and 
then use that pattern to create a grid background for your Photoshop file.

Fixing Dark Photographs  10 - Fixing Dark Photographs (Running Time: 6:26)
Before you throw away those dark, hard-to-see photographs, watch this tutorial! In it, you'll learn 
how to bring out the bright tones using Photoshop's "Levels" adjustments and restore the picture to 
what you meant for it to look like in the first place.

Linking Effect  11 - Linking Effect (Running Time: 3:52)
Ever wanted to link two objects together in Photoshop so that they seem to weave in and out of each 
other, kind of like the Olympic rings? Well, it's easier than you might think! In this tutorial, you'll 
learn how to create this linking effect in just a couple very easy steps.

3D Ribbon Effect  12 - 3D Ribbon Effect (Running Time: 3:16)
As you can tell by the running time of this video, this 3-dimensional ribbon effect takes very little 
time to explain and even less time to create for yourself.

Shadow and Highlight  13 - Shadow/Highlight (Running Time: 6:04)
Photographs rarely turn out exactly how you'd like them to, especially if your camera has automatic 
controls. In this video, you'll learn how take a picture with dark, shadowy sections and bring those 
dark portions out to even out the photograph.

Spherizing Text  14 - Spherizing Text (Running Time: 4:39)
In this video, you'll learn how to place text on a golf ball by spherizing it and changing a couple 
of its layer properties.

Sunbeam Effect  15 - Sunbeam Effect (Running Time: 7:51)
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to create beams of light breaking through the clouds using a couple 
selection tricks in combination with the dodge tool.

Television Scan Lines  16 - Television Scan Lines (Running Time: 9:53)
In this video, Craig will show you how to manipulate your picture to give it scan lines to make it appear 
like it's showing up on a television screen.

Transparent Images  17 - Transparent Images (Running Time: 13:24)
In this video, you'll learn the ins and outs of creating images with transparent backgrounds in Photoshop.

Vanishing Point  18 - Vanishing Point (Running Time: 8:56)
In this video, Craig will show you how to use the new Vanishing Point feature of Photoshop CS2 to add a 
few stories to a building.

Water Text Effect  19 - Water Text Effect (Running Time: 9:19)
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to warp and ripple your text to make it look like realistic water.

Creating a Web Menu  20 - Creating a Web Menu (Running Time: 9:46)
In this video, Craig will show you a creative and simple way to throw a menu bar together for your 
website using Photoshop. All you need to know is what color scheme you'll be using for your website.


²Û TiTlE : Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.3-NzB         Û²
²Û                                                                   Û²
²Û Date de Sortie.: 2006-2007                                        Û²
²Û Date Released..: 11.13.2007                                       Û²
²Û Category.......: Tutorials Videos                                 Û²
²Û Durée Totale...: 1h43min                                          Û²
²Û Group..........: NzB                                              Û²
²Û Package Type...: 12*Rar + PAR2                                    Û²
²Û URL : http://www.watchandlearnphotoshop.com                       Û²

overview  Overview

This compilation is the first in a series of Photoshop Tips and Tricks tutorials 
that have been featured in our WatchandLearnPhotoshop.com newsletter. This collection 
of Photoshop tutorials is a must have for any Photoshop enthusiast.

Detailed Video Descriptions

Casting Shadows  1 - Casting Shadows (Running Time: 5:50)
In this video tutorial, Geoff Riggs will teach you how to create an elongated shadow 
cast in front of a block of backlit text.

Cucoloris  2 - Cucoloris ("Cookie") effect (Running Time: 4:47)
A cucoloris (or "cookie") is a metal sheet with patterns cut out of it, intended to cast 
patterned shadows on the background (and often the subject) of a photograph. In this tutorial, 
trainer Geoff Riggs will show you how to achieve the same effect in Photoshop.

Perspective Cropping  3 - Perspective Cropping (Running Time: 1:54)
It seems like it would be quite a task to straighten up a picture of an object that was taken 
at a severe angle. However, Photoshop's Perspective Cropping feature allows you to do this in 
one simple step. In this video, you'll learn how to use this amazing tool in Photoshop.

Curves Adjustments  4 - Curves Adjustments (Running Time: 3:08)
In this video tutorial, trainer Geoff Riggs will show you how to use Photoshop's Curves 
Adjustments feature to enhance the brightness and contrast of an image.

Non-Destructive Dodging and Burning  5 - Non-Destructive Dodging and Burning (Running Time: 4:18)
The Dodge and Burn tools in Photoshop are great tools for lightening and darkening areas of 
your images. However, these tools are destructive to your original photograph and can only be 
reversed using your History panel. In this tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you a more creative 
and effective way of achieving the same effects without affecting the image layer itself.

Feather Masking  6 - Feather Masking (Running Time: 1:55)
When you feather a selection in Photoshop, it's a little difficult to tell exactly what the 
results are going to be until after it's already been done. In this video, however, Geoff Riggs 
will show you a different means of achieving the same effect.

Glowing Lights  7 - Glowing Lights (Running Time: 4:57)
In this tutorial, trainer Geoff Riggs will teach you how to take an image of a light bulb 
that's turned off and add a glow to it to make it look like it's illuminated.

Grunge Border  8 - Grunge Border (Running Time: 2:05)
In this Photoshop tutorial, Geoff will teach you how to create a very easy, but very effective, 
white grunge border around your photographs.

Aging Your Pictures with Photoshop  9 - Aging Your Pictures with Photoshop (Running Time: 6:31)
In this tutorial, you learn how to take an old photograph and make it look even older by roughing 
up the edges, tearing the picture, and giving the edges a slightly burned look.

Page Curl Effect in CS2  10 - Page Curl Effect in CS2 (Running Time: 2:17)
Photoshop CS2 has a brand new feature in the "Edit" menu called "Warp", which allows you to distort 
your images by hand. In this tutorial, you'll learn how to create the ever-so-popular page curl effect 
using this brilliant new feature in Photoshop CS2.

Converting an Image into a Pencil Sketch  11 - Converting an Image into a Pencil Sketch (Running Time: 7:24)
Photoshop's "sketch" filter is definitely NOT the best way to go about achieving a sketchy photo effect. 
This filter only works sometimes, and even when it DOES work out, it usually doesn't look all that great. 
In this tutorial, you'll learn a much more effective technique for converting your images to sketches.

Posterizing Images  12 - Posterizing Images (Running Time: 3:08)
Turning your images into illustrations isn't as difficult as you might think. In this video tutorial, 
you'll learn how to make your images look cartoonish in just one simple step.

Saving Color Swatches  13 - Saving Color Swatches (Running Time: 5:31)
When designing a web layout or some other type of design layout, you will often need to use some of 
the same colors over and over again. In this video, you'll learn how to add color swatches to your 
Swatches pallette, save your current set of color swatches, and load a set that you've already saved.

Sepia Toned Photos  14 - Sepia Toned Photos (Running Time: 3:36)

In this tip, you'll learn how to convert a normal color photo into a sepia-toned photo using 
Photoshop's 'Variations' feature. This feature doesn't allow you as much control as other methods, 
but it does allow you to save your settings in case you have multiple photos that need to be altered.

  15 - Adding Smoke to an Image (Running Time: 4:26)
Want to make your motorcycle photo gallery a little more exciting by adding a little smoke to your 
pictures? In this video tutorial, you'll learn how to create smoke in Photoshop using filters and 
blending modes.

Turning Pictures into Statues  16 - Turning Pictures into Statues (Running Time: 12:46)
This tip is a two-for-one for those of you who want to know how to extract a person from an image. 
After learning how to do this, you'll also learn how to turn that person into a statue in just a few 
simple steps.

Creating a Realistic Tennis Ball  17 - Creating a Realistic Tennis Ball (Running Time: 11:43)
I'll give you three guesses as to what you'll be learning in this tutorial! If you guessed that you're 
going to learn how to create your own photorealistic tennis ball in Photoshop, then you're absolutely right!

Text that Follows a Path  18 - Text that Follows a Path (Running Time: 5:04)
Creating text that follows a path in Photoshop is an extremely simple process. In this tutorial, 
you'll learn how to create a circle of text using selections, paths, and, of course, the text tool.

Making a Vignette  19 - Making a Vignette (Running Time: 7:24)
This video is a relatively simple tip on two different ways to create a vignette for your photographs. 
A vignette is basically a soft-edged border around a photograph. Enjoy!

Creating Realistic Water  20 - Creating Realistic Water (Running Time: 3:38)
In this video, you'll learn how to create a realistic water effect in just a few simple steps. Then you'll 
learn how to overlay the water over a picture of rocks to make it look like the rocks are lying at the 
bottom of a riverbed.


²Û TiTlE : Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.4-NzB         Û²
²Û                                                                   Û²
²Û Date de Sortie.: 2006-2007                                        Û²
²Û Date Released..: 11.15.2007                                       Û²
²Û Category.......: Tutorials Videos                                 Û²
²Û Play Time......: 1h12min                                          Û²
²Û Group..........: NzB                                              Û²
²Û Package Type...: 6*Rar + PAR2                                     Û²
²Û URL : http://www.watchandlearnphotoshop.com                       Û²

Overview

This compilation is the first in a series of Photoshop Tips and Tricks tutorials that 
have been featured in our WatchandLearnPhotoshop.com newsletter. This collection of Photoshop 
tutorials is a must have for any Photoshop enthusiast.

Detailed Video Descriptions

  1 - The High Pass Filter (Running Time: 2:23)
Want to sharpen up your images a little in order to give them a little more life? In this tutorial, 
you'll learn how to use Photoshop's high pass filter to really bring out the details in your photograph.

Levels Adjustment  2 - Levels Adjustment (Running Time: 3:11)
You may already know the basics of the levels adjustment tool, but in this video, Geoff Riggs will 
show you a neat little trick you may not have known. Using this method you'll be able to very quickly 
and effectively adjust the brightness and contrast of your image in a very intuitive manner.

Magic Selection  3 - Magic Selection (Running Time: 5:21)
The magic wand tool can be very handy in making complex selections in Photoshop, but it has its limitations. 
In this video, trainer Geoff Riggs will show you another more effective way of creating magic selections.

The Magnetic Lasso Tool  4 - The Magnetic Lasso Tool (Running Time: 1:54)
The magnetic lasso tool in Photoshop is a great tool for making selections of objects with well-defined edges. 
In this tutorial, trainer Geoff Riggs will show you some handy tips for working with the magnetic lasso tool 
that will allow you to temporarily switch to the regular lasso tool and the polygonal lasso tool.

Motion Blur  5 - Motion Blur (Running Time: 3:08)
Got an action photograph that doesn't quite seem to have enough action in it? In this tutorial, trainer 
Geoff Riggs will show you how to add a motion blur to an otherwise bland action shot in order to bring it 
alive. This technique uses a combination of the Motion Blur filter as well as the History Brush.

Neutral Density Filter Effect  6 - Neutral Density Filter Effect (Running Time: 2:55)
If you're not a photographer, you might have no idea what a neutral density filter effect is, but in this 
video, you'll learn how to create just such an effect. Basically, you'll learn how to darken up the sky in 
an image where the sky just happens to be a little too bright.

Painted Frames  7 - Painted Frames (Running Time: 2:50)
In this video tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you how to create a quick and easy frame for your photographs 
simply using the eraser tool.

Polaroid Pictures  8 - Polaroid Pictures (Running Time: 4:20)
In this video tip, you will learn how to take a photo and transform it into an old-fashioned polaroid 
photograph.

Quick Collage   9 - Quick Collage (Running Time: 4:09)
Many of you have been asking to see a tutorial on how to create a collage in Photoshop. Well, this one's 
for you! In this tutorial, you'll learn some quick techniques for combining images together to make an 
effective and appealing collage.

Colorizing Black & White Photos   10 - Colorizing Black and White Photos (Running Time: 5:06)
Many black and white images can be made much more interesting simply by adding a little color. In this 
tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you how to paint color onto a black and white photo.

Selective Sharpening  11 - Selective Sharpening (Running Time: 2:49)
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to implement a creative combination of filters, snapshots, and history 
brushes in order to apply sharpening to selected portions of your photographs.

Separating Layer Effects to Their Own Layer  12 - Separating Layer Effects to Their Own Layer (Running Time: 4:18)
Have you ever wanted to have a little more control over the things you can do to your drop shadows? In 
this Photoshop tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you how to send layer effects to their own layers so that 
you can deal with them separately from the objects that the effects are associated with.

Smoothing Skin  13 - Smoothing Skin (Running Time: 2:29)
Sometimes the camera does TOO good a job of capturing all the details, especially when it comes to skin. 
A close-up portrait can sometimes reveal tiny bumps and roughness that we might not want to see. In this 
video, you'll learn a very effective technique for smoothing out your skin in Photoshop.

Steel Text Effect  14 - Steel Text Effect (Running Time: 6:09)
The great thing about text effects is that they're usually very easy to reproduce. In this tutorial, 
trainer Geoff Riggs will show you how to make a steel text effect, and then he'll show you how to save 
this effect so that it can easily be applied to other layers in the future.

  15 - Straightening the Horizon (Running Time: 2:10)
Unless you have some kind of level attached to your camera, you probably don't always hold it perfectly 
flat. And sometimes the horizon comes out a little more slanted than we might want. In this video, 
Geoff Riggs takes a photo with a slanted horizon and shows you how to use Photoshop's "Measure" tool to fix it.

Taming the Skies  16 - Taming the Skies (Running Time: 2:28)
Ever have one of those photographs where the sky is too bright and harsh? In this tutorial, Geoff Riggs 
will show you an amazingly effective trick for toning down and recoloring an overly bright sky.

Text on a Path  17 - Text on a Path (Running Time: 4:24)
In this Photoshop tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you all the ins and outs of creating text that follows 
a path in Photoshop.

Text Styles  18 - Text Styles (Running Time: 2:11)
This tip is an introduction to the world of non-boring text in Photoshop! In this tutorial, Geoff Riggs 
will show you how to enhance your text with one very easy to use tool - the Layer Styles dialog.

Warping Text with Smart Objects  19 - Warping Text with Smart Objects (Running Time: 3:19)
There are many ways to warp text in Photoshop, but most of them have their limitations. Some methods 
allow you to edit your text after warping, but don't provide full customization of HOW you warp the text. 
Other methods allow full customization but don't allow you to edit the text afterwards. In this tutorial, 
Geoff Riggs will show you a method for warping text that will give you the best of both worlds.

Working with Text  20 - Working with Text (Running Time: 5:21)
Don't think that this is going to be an overly simplistic tutorial just because of the title. In this video, 
Geoff Riggs shows some amazing, time-saving techniques for working with text in Photoshop.




Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.5-NzB

By Geoff Riggs and Craig Campbell

Running Time: 1 hour, 12 minutes

Overview

This compilation is the fifth in a series of Photoshop Tips and Tricks tutorials that have been featured in our WatchandLearnPhotoshop.com newsletter. This collection of Photoshop tutorials is a must have for any Photoshop enthusiast.

Detailed Video Descriptions

    *   1 - Creating A Quick Copyright Shortcut Action (Running Time - 2:54)
      Photoshop Actions allow you to record repetitive tasks in order to save time. In this tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you how to create an Action that will add copyright information quickly and easily to your photos.
    *   2 - Sizing Your Documents (Running Time - 2:19)
      In this video tutorial, trainer Geoff Riggs illustrates a few different tips for setting document size in Photoshop, including a shortcut on how to create a new document that's the same size as your current document.
    *   3 - Image Views (Running Time - 2:51)
      When editing your photos, sometimes it helps to have two windows open with the same document. This allows you to edit one window while viewing the overall changes in the other. In today's tutorial, you'll learn how to work with different image views in Photoshop.
    *   4 - Open Type Font Embellishments (Running Time - 5:33)
      In today's tutorial, Photoshop trainer Geoff Riggs shows you how to add embellishments and alter the appearance of specific letter pairings for open type fonts.
    *   5 - Creating Soft Skin In Photoshop (Running Time - 4:20)
      In a past tip, Geoff talked about one way to transform normal, rough skin into vibrant, smooth skin in Photoshop, and in this video, he illustrates a completely different method of achieving the same effect.
    *   6 - Tricky Selections (Running Time - 4:13)
      It's not always easy to make complex selections in your Photoshop images, but in this tutorial, trainer Geoff Riggs will show you one very effective way to use the highlights in an image to make a selection in order to alter an image.
    *   7 - Making Arrows (Running Time - 2:03)
      This tutorial illustrates a very simple, but often overlooked, feature of Photoshop--the ability to very quickly and easily create arrows using the line tool. Trainer Geoff Riggs will show you how to make these arrows as well as how to customize the size and concavity of the arrow heads.
    *   8 - Creating Dotted Lines (Running Time - 1:58)
      Photoshop doesn't provide any quick means of creating dotted lines, but in this tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you how to create your own customized dotted line quickly and easily, using the paintbrush tool.
    *   9 - Changing the Background Color of Your Workspace (Running Time - 1:55)
      Have you ever wondered if there was a way to change the color of the dull gray backdrop in Photoshop that acts as your pasteboard? In this video, Geoff Riggs will show you just how easy it is.
    *   10 - Rubber Band (Running Time - 1:56)
      The pen tool can be a little tricky to use, and until you get used to it, you might not always know where your next anchor point is going to leave you. In this tutorial, Geoff Riggs will show you how to use the Rubber Band option with your pen tool, which will allow you to see hints of what your shape will look like.
    *   11 - Fireworks (Running Time - 4:38)
      In this tutorial, trainer Geoff Riggs demonstrates how to take a photo of a cityscape and a photo of fireworks and combine them effectively for a very realistic effect.
    *   12 - Creating a Wood Grain Texture (Running Time - 3:48)
      In this video tutorial, trainer Craig Campbell will show you how to create a wood grain texture from scratch in Photoshop.
    *   13 - Cracked Poster Effect (Running Time - 2:55)
      In this tutorial, you will learn how to give a poster or image an aged, cracked look by overlaying the poster with a cracked earth texture and applying some simple changes to it.
    *   14 - Bicubic Sharper (Running Time - 3:11)
      When resizing an image in Photoshop, if you use all the default settings, the image will end up with a little bit of a blur to it--hardly distinguishable, but it is there. In this tutorial, you will learn how to customize the way your image is resampled when you resize it in order to maintain the sharpness of the image.
    *   15 - Liquefy (Running Time - 3:14)
      In this tutorial, you will learn how to use the Liquefy filter in Photoshop in order to reduce the amount of droopy flesh on a bulldog puppy. Note: this technique works just as well for pictures of your grandmother.
    *   16 - Casting Shadows (Running Time - 5:42)
      In this tutorial, Craig Campbell will show you how to create a shadow that stretches out behind a text field and slowly fades out.
    *   17 - Creating A Sunburst (Running Time - 4:41)
      In this tutorial, Craig Campbell will demonstrate a sneaky method for creating lines that radiate out from the center of your Photoshop file. This effect makes a great backdrop for logos, illustrations, and other graphics.
    *   18 - Creating A Carpet Texture (Running Time - 2:32)
      In this tutorial, trainer Craig Campbell demonstrates how to create a fibrous carpet texture in just a few simple steps in Photoshop.
    *   19 - Creating A Realistic Ripple (Running Time - 4:37)
      In this tutorial, Craig Campbell will show you how to use a mixture of Photoshop's filters to create a photorealistic watery ripple effect.
    *   20 - Creating Realistic Ice (Running Time - 6:06)
      In this tutorial, Craig Campbell will demonstrate how to give a realistic ice texture to your shapes using Layer Styles.





Watch.&.Learn-Photoshop.Tips.and.Tricks.Vol.6-NzB

Joe Gilbert
Running Time: 2 hours, 46 minutes

Overview

This compilation is the sixth in a series of Photoshop Tips and Tricks tutorials that have been featured in our WatchandLearnPhotoshop.com newsletter. This collection of Photoshop tutorials is a must have for any Photoshop enthusiast.

 
Detailed Video Descriptions 	
 

  1 - Adobe Bridge (Running Time - 6:50)
Learn to use the new file browser provided with Photoshop CS2. This new file browserpacks a load of new features and offers a cleaner and faster approach to searching through file after file of photos and thumbnails.

  2 - Blur Filters (Running Time - 5:38)
Learn to use the new blur filters provided in Photoshop CS2. These new blur filters take your projects to a new level. In this tutorial, you will learn about the very exciting new blur filter called "Suface Blur" that will add a professional look to any digital photo.

  3 - Color Cutout (Running Time - 6:18)
This is a popular Photoshop trick that is easy to understand. In this tutorial, you will learn how to take a photo and single out one object to create that classic mono color look.

  4 - Gradient Mask Blur (Running Time - 8:26)
In this tutorial, you will learn how to add a gradient mask to add a blur effect to the background in your photos. After this tutorial, your digital pics will be winning awards.

  5 - Graffiti (Running Time - 8:40)
It seems like questions about this keep popping up. In this tutorial, you will learn how to add graffiti to a textured surface while using gradients and the Overlay option.

  6 - Lens Correct (Running Time - 8:57)
In this tutorial, you will learn how to correct photos within Photoshop using the new lens correction filter. Learn to adjust the perspective of your photo without re-taking the shot.

  7 - Vanishing Point (Running Time - 7:03)
This is one of the most amazing things in Photoshop CS2 hands down! You will learn how to edit your photos with a brand new filter called Vanishing Point. Learn to use the plane tool to paint out ojects and keep in scale with the photo, simply amazing.

  8 - Wind Filter (Running Time - 10:33)
This is a great effect using the color table and the wind filter. Take text or any object and apply a stunning effect that looks very professional.

  9 - Custom Watermark (Running Time - 4:20)
Protect yourself with a custom digital watermark. Add that professional look to any digital picture and set yourself apart.

  10 - Warp (Running Time - 6:11)
A new feature to Photoshop CS2 is the Warp control. Learn to take an image, and not only distort and transform, but now warp the image and still retain quality. Photoshop CS2 now lets us take image control beyond free transform.

  11 - Custom Edge (Running Time - 6:56)
Creating custom borders and edges for you digital photography can be fun and easy. In this tutorial, you will learn how to use masks to easily create custom border and edges for your digital pics.

  12 - Laser (Running Time - 10:55)
In this tutorial, you will take a digital photograph of a person or layout and create a sci-fi looking laser blast. You will learn how to create colors using layers and blending modes. This is an exciting tutorial that will WOW your friends!

  13 - Liquify (Running Time - 7:01)
In this tutorial, you will learn how properly use the liquefy filter in Photoshop CS2. This can be a very effective tool when editing your digital photography. Learn to create professional looking photos.

  14 - Map Burn (Running Time - 14:11)
In this tutorial, you will learn how to create the look and feel of an old antique map. You can apply this effet to new maps and wow your friends and clients. You will learn to create the effect of burnt edges and yellowed paper.

  15 - Marquee Tool (Running Time - 8:46)
In this tutorial, you will learn an effect using the marquee tool. This is a popular effect used in almost every magazine and splash page. You will learn to use it effectively and be confident to apply this to your own digital photography.

  16 - PictoComic (Running Time - 9:08)
If you love comic books and graphic novels you will love to learn how to convert photos into comic style pics. In this tutorial, you will learn how to use the Cutout Filter along with other filters to give the effect of comic book style coloring.

  17 - Plante Eclipse (Running Time - 7:38)
In this tutorial, you will learn how to create the illusion of a solar eclipse, or a planet out in space. This is a very popular effect and has been widely used in all media.

  18 - Ripple (Running Time - 8:56)
In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a classic background image of a ripples on water. Photoshop makes this easy and fun to create and you can use this on banners, webpages and splash pages.

  19 - PictoSketch (Running Time - 5:59)
In this tutorial, you will learn how to take a digital photo and convert it into a realistic sketched drawing. You will learn how to give the effect of a hand drawn picture by using filters and layers.

  20 - Water Drops (Running Time - 5:22)
In this tutorial, you will learn how to add water droplets to your pics by using the Eliptical Marquee Tool and adding layer styles. Learn how to use blending options while working with layers to get a realistic water drop. 