File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles and is the Film version.


"Something Like A Party" is the debut single by pop girl group School Gyrls. Produced by G-Production and written by Rock City the song was released on February 9, 2010. It charted on the Billboard Hot Dance/Club Play chart, so far peaking at #5.

Two music videos were shot for the single, one using behind-the-scenes footage and clips from the film, and the other an original music video.

Film version

This version includes behind-the-scenes clips of the girls on set, and clips of parts of the film. This version premiered after the film.

Music video version

This version shows the girls in front of a wall with their name on it, dancing. Other scenes include the girls in a car driving to the club, along with the girls dancing in the club. The theme is about the girls able to get into the club, even though they are underage. When Jaqueline drops her real I.D the security guard goes into the club trying to find her, but fails. This version premiered in April 2010.

School Gyrls are an American pop trio. Signed to Nick Cannon's NCredible Entertainment, the group starred in an eponymous movie that premiered on Nickelodeon on February 21, 2010, The group, consisting of Mandy, Monica, and Jacqueline, formed in 2008, and have been working on the debut album ever since. The girls full-length english self-titled studio album was released on March 23th 2010, charting at #118 on the Billboard Hot 200, and was preceeded by the single "Something Like A Party" and "Get Like Me".

School Gyrls is the debut album by American girl group School Gyrls released in the U.S on March 23, 2010. It charted at #118 on the Billboard Hot 200 without promotion, and topped the Billboard Heatseekers  chart, without much promotion. It was preceded by the singles "Something Like a Party", "I'm Not Just a Girl" and "Get Like Me".

After their own "School Gyrls" movie, the girls released their debut album. Although no promotion was carried out and all of the singles failing to chart, the album was still released and charted within the Hot 200. It was only released in the U.S and has not been planned to be released elsewhere.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

