Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Captain & Tennille - Do That To Me One More Time (Live-Beat Club) (2nafish)



"Do That to Me One More Time" is a song performed by American pop duo Captain & Tennille. It was their second chart-topping hit in the U.S., following "Love Will Keep Us Together" from 1975. The song was included on the duo's 1979 album, Make Your Move. The song was written by Toni Tennille.

"Do That to Me One More Time" became Captain & Tennille's second and final number-one hit when it reached the pinnacle of the Billboard Hot 100 chart the week ending February 16, 1980. The song had logged four consecutive weeks in the runner-up position on this chart behind Michael Jackson's hit "Rock with You" before ascending to the top of the chart. The song also achieved some crossover success on the Billboard adult contemporary and R&B charts. It was their highest-charting hit on the UK Singles Chart, where it reached #7 in March 1980. The duo also recorded a version of the song in Spanish.

After a decline in popularity from the height of their success in the mid-1970s, the Captain and Tennille signed with Casablanca Records under the guidance of Neil Bogart. "Do That to Me One More Time" was a comeback for the duo, but they failed to achieve further success on Casablanca and their contract was not renewed. Vocalist and songwriter Toni Tennille played the song for Bogart at her house with husband Daryl Dragon in Pacific Palisades, California on an electric piano. Bogart reacted enthusiastically, saying: "That's a smash! There's no doubt in my mind that's going to be your first single."

Captain & Tennille are American pop music recording artists who achieved chart success from 1975–80 with a repertoire of hit pop songs. The duo consists of "Captain" Daryl Dragon (born August 27, 1942), and Toni Tennille (born May 8, 1940). They are probably best known for their singles, "Love Will Keep Us Together" and "Do That to Me One More Time," as well as their television variety series which appeared on the ABC network in the 1976–77 season.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

