World of Warcraft Addon Pack.

Includes:

X-Pearl Unit Frames - Makes your WoW look better.

AchivementFaker - Make achievements look like you have them, anyone can see it. (Useful for faking achivements to get into raids that the leader require the achievement. As far as I know, this addon is not bannable.)

Cartographer - Your map shows more info about places, coords etc, levelling requirements for zones.

Sexy Map - Makes your minimap looks better.

Bejeweled - A minigame inside WoW that you can play when you're bored.

Auctioneer - You can see sell, buy prices when not at a store etc, also helps you to sell items on AH for a good price.

Recount Damage Meter - Collects all damage done for you/raid/group, dps and much more.

DBM (Deadly Boss Mods) - Raid Addon that displays boss events, spells etc.

All Blizzard addons - You MUST have them. Always in your game but whatever.

EPGP - Raiding addon, used by guilds who are serious with raiding, it's like an economy to "buy" gear with your EP Points.

Gatherer - Everything you gather through mining, herbalism and skinning collects as small icons where you can see where you were before, also go back and gather the item later.

QuestHelper - You know what it is. It helps you questing, makes it easier, shows you where to go etc.

InFlight - Following with QuestHelper, show's you the time left for a flight.

LightHeaded - A quest addon which is full of WoWHead comments that helps you questing. (Some comments are not helping you) 

MusicPlayer - Plays music in your game, learn how to use it yourself.

MyRolePlay - Helps your Roleplaying (Outdated)

RPHelper - Helps Roleplaying (Outdated)

oRA2 - Raid Addon, you can use it if your guild leader uses it in your guild, they have a keyword to make you invited. Then you just whisper the leader for example "Naxx" and you instantly get an invite. Pretty Useful.

Omen Threat Meter - Shows your threat and the others in your group/raid.


---- That was all, hope you like it. Tested last time on patch 3.1.0 - Probably works on 3.1.3 too.
