Description:
Top reasons to buy Acrobat 9 Pro

Unify a wide range of content in a PDF Portfolio
   Combine documents, drawings, e-mail, and spreadsheets in a single compressed PDF Portfolio. Use professionally designed templates that can be branded with your logo and include descriptions to guide recipients through the contents.
Help protect your documents
   Use passwords to help control access to PDF documents. Use permissions to restrict printing, copying, or altering. Save passwords and permissions as security policies that can be easily applied to new PDF files.
Easily create and manage electronic forms
   Convert Microsoft Word and Excel documents or scanned paper to PDF forms with automatic recognition of fillable fields. Use Adobe® LiveCycle® Designer software — a professional form design tool — to create, customize, and automate dynamic XML forms. Use the Form Tracker to see when forms have been completed and who has completed them. Easily export data to a spreadsheet for analysis and reporting.
Manage and track electronic document reviews
   Gain the input you need through interactive document reviews that enable participants to see and build on other reviewers' comments, which can be sorted by author, date, or page. Use the Form Tracker to monitor progress and participation.
Include Adobe Reader users
   Enable users of free Adobe Reader® software (version 8 or later) to digitally sign documents, participate in shared document reviews, and save forms locally. By extending Adobe Acrobat® functionality to Reader users, you can enable virtually anyone to participate in the workflows you initiate.

Synchronize document views
   Help colleagues, clients, and partners get on the same page at the same time with the ability to co-navigate documents. To provide clarity and enhance discussion, use Acrobat.com services to enable collaboration on a PDF file. Then distribute the PDF file and walk recipients through it in real time by controlling the page view they see.
Permanently remove sensitive information
   Use redaction tools to black out sensitive text, illustrations, or other information, permanently deleting the content from the PDF document. Inspect PDF documents for metadata, hidden layers, and other concealed information to remove before distributing the files to others.
Compare PDF documents
   Automatically highlight the differences between two versions of a PDF document, including text and images, so you can quickly and easily identify what has changed.
Improve print processes
   Help control costs and reduce errors with automated output controls to preview, preflight, correct, and prepare PDF files for high-end print production and digital publishing.
Create and validate accessible PDF documents