Tread.Marks.v1.5.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


Tread Marks is fun. Pure and simple. Good gameplay, good graphics, different game modes, and multiplayer. 

The Sound can, and will blow you away, the sound of several missiles landing all around you has to be heard to be believed! Overall great sound. 

The gameplay, there are several different modes of play, such as deathmatch and racing. The Racing portion of the game is where it really shines. 

You and up to 20 other tanks race round a freeform landscape which has no track, just checkpoints the form the course. The premise is simple: Thunder round the track while blowing the crap out of the opposition. As well as your main cannon there are several power-ups, some and other weapons to your tank and some repair your tank and re-stock it with ammo. Some of my Favourite weapons are: A weapon (I can't remember its name) Which looks like a massive blue drill stuck onto the side of your tank, press fire and it starts rotating, drive into another tank, and it will be destroyed in seconds, I also like the Multi Missile launch system. 
If you do a race with lots of computer expect NO flat ground after about 5 laps - there will be craters everywhere. A nice thing is that if you die you lose your turret, so you obviously cant fire and go slower but can carry on driving. 

Deathmatch mode says it all. It's just you and several other tanks fighting it out. Again there are the powerups. There is also a Team deathmatch, which is self-explanatory. 

There are lots of different Tanks - from conventional M1A1 Abram’s look-alikes to ones that are *almost* invisible. The Tanks surprisingly all have very different handling characteristics, while the game still maintains its arcadey feel. 

The graphics are v 
ery good, everything looks very different and the destroyable scenery is cool. The tread marks (obviously where the game gets its name from) left by the tanks can turn green grass black after a matter of a few laps. The Damage on the tanks is not all that noticeable until your turret gets blown off. 

Multiplayer is exactly the same but with real people. 

Overall a fun break from all the simulations in the Racing Market today. 


More Info On This Game Here 
http://www.dooyoo.co.uk/pc-game/tread-marks/370987/


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game And Play


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED



