RegistryBooster.2010.4.7.0.10_2b
Full version with Serial

Registry Booster is the safest and most trusted solution to clean and optimise your system, 
free it from registry errors and fragmented entries. Through Advanced Error Detection Technology, 
Registry Booster automatically identifies missing, corrupt, or invalid items in your Windows registry 
and dramatically enhance performance and general stability. Using Registry Booster, 
you won't need to keep track of all the sources of common problems resulting from missing, 
broken or bad application or Windows shortcuts and links, missing or corrupt application IDs, 
obsolete Start Menu items, unused drivers…and many more!

Features: 
- Clean Your System and Boost Performance. Boost system performance by cleaning out all missing, 
  unwanted, obsolete and corrupt registry entries automatically with RegistryBooster.
- Repair Your PC and Keep It Tuned. Dramatically improve your computing experience by repairing 
  all registry problems and minimizing application seizures and crashes.
- Exceptionally Simple to Use. Set in a highly intuitive, attractive, logical and user-friendly 
  graphical user interface, Uniblue's registry cleaner sets the standard for ease-of-use.
- More Scanning Options. Due to the improvements made to the scanning engine you are now able to 
  scan for more sections within the registry.
- An Ignore List. This is quite an innovative feature and very useful for those users who are extra 
  cautious with their registry. By specifying the registry section and path the user will be able to 
  exclude registry parts from the scan.
- Log Generation. Displays a transcript of all the actions performed on the registry by a 
  particular fix operation. Especially helpful for those users wanting to know what has been 
  done to their registry.
- Windows Vista Compatible. RegistryBooster is now fully Windows Vista compatible and can 
  still be run on Windows XP. The program automatically adapts itself according to the version 
  of your operating system so you do not have to configure any manual settings.
- Safe and Trusted. Avoid crashes, seizures, slow downs and error messages with the safest 
  and most trusted solution from a leading software vendor.
  
  * Use it as StandAlone, or download " SpeedUp My PC & DriverScanner "
    and use the same Serial Number to register
	

Install notes:

Unpack rar file
1) run registrybooster.exe
2) Register with Serial ( see serial.txt )
3) Done	
