
On The first show as we advertised all week We had the deathmatch showdown between Big Japan Pro Wrestling's Masada and The Hardcore Enforcer Mr California! Nick Fuckin Gage Didn't make it on the show which led Mr California to believe he was afraid to come on with Both He and Masada at the same time.

Masada talked about sticking wooden shish ka-bob sticks in people's heads in Japan, The Hardcore Enforcer talked about his machete... We learned about making money in Japan and loads more deathmatch info.... We were also joined by the wrestler formerly known as Hardcore Homo Angel's BFF Amanda... which led to...

The late show where we were joined for the full show by BFF Amanda! We talked about her experiences with the 10th Anniversary XPW show, The rebirth of XPW, Santino Brothers training center, her match with Thunder Kitty on Oct 30th and a lot more...

We got a call from Matt Classic from Carolina Wrestling Review and gate City Wrestling who told us what he knows of the Mike Levy IWA Mid-South incident and assured us he would bring The White Lion on to talk about the beatdown in detail!

Which led to XWW promoter Mr California calling in and telling us that he had just gotten a call from IAN ROTTEN and he told us live on air that he and Ian had added MICKIE KNUCKLES from IWA Mid-South and TNA to the BFF Amanda- Thunder Kitty match at the XWW show on Oct 30th in El Monte, CA!



you can download this here or directly from
  
http://www.awesomebomb.net

for all kinds of fucked up NSFW stuff.... daily new freaky, naked, tattooed chicks!

Free porn, weird news headline, crazy documentaries and wild movies.
Conspiracies, aliens, bigfoot, paranormal, skinheads, religious cults, satanists, black nationalists, radical animal rights and environmental extremists, and any other kind of sick, perverted or violent material we can find!

It is the Home of the drunkest talk radio available anywhere! Awesome Bomb Radio AND Awesome Bomb Fight Radio for all the MMA and Pro Wrestling fans out there. 

Also the record label for such supergroups as The Supermen, The World Police, Tiger Bomb and more!

    
http://www.awesomebomb.net
		