From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:

Lucas was definitely the one to bring Connor out of his shell, as Connor's first bottoming video - where Lucas broke him in and blew him away by just how great it can feel to get fucked - being a real watershed moment for Connor at CF! Connor unleashed the wild side we'd been eager to see since he first arrived at CF and was intense, passionate, and made it obvious and clear he was having some fun!

I knew Connor had that potential to really get into it with another guy since he first arrived at CF, and knew it was only a matter of time before he'd get over those initial nerves and the early hesitation and start to let the physical pleasure take over. It was with Lucas that confirmed all that.

Now, these two blond studs go at it again and the results are equally wonderful. After the foreplay, during which Connor sucked off Lucas as enthusiastically as Lucas sucked him, these guys get onto the weight bench so that Lucas can ride Connor's cock. The extended sessions of eye contact between them had my knees going weak as I stood there filming the action, and I could barely quit staring at Lucas' rock-hard cock as he bounced up and down on Connor! Lucas could not have possibly been any harder during this fuck! Heck, Connor was as hard as a rock throughout, as well, with Lucas really working some magic with his ass!

Connor still occasionally gets a bit shy with another guy, and you could see it in this video as he's sometimes not quite sure what to make of kissing another guy. But it certainly can't be long before his lips take the cue from his dick! Really, though, it would have been impossible for Connor's dick not to respond to Lucas here! Despite being the bottom, Lucas is definitely in charge as he furiously fucks himself on Connor's cock! In fact, Lucas was doing such an expert job riding Connor's dick that he makes Connor cum, almost as if he was using his ass to jerk Connor off! Immediately thereafter, with Lucas looking absolutely incredible jerking himself off with Connor's dick in his mouth, he fires off his own load!