First Men in the Moon - (Edward Judd - Lionel Jeffries)(1964)Dvd Rip [Divx-ENG]


Starring

Edward Judd	 ... 	Arnold Bedford
Martha Hyer	... 	Katherine 'Kate' Callender
Lionel Jeffries	... 	Joseph Cavor
Miles Malleson	... 	Dymchurch Registrar
Norman Bird	... 	Stuart, Moon Landing Crew
Gladys Henson	... 	Nursing Home Matron
Hugh McDermott	... 	Richard Challis, UN Space Agency
Betty McDowall	... 	Margaret Hoy, UN Space Agency

General 

Complete name : fmitm Divx. 
Format : AVI 
Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave 
File size : 1.36 GiB 
Duration : 1h 38mn 
Overall bit rate : 1 975 Kbps 
Writing application : VirtualDubMod 1.5.4.1 (build 2178/release) 
Writing library : VirtualDubMod build 2178/release 

Video 

ID : 0 
Format : MPEG-4 Visual 
Format settings, BVOP : Yes 
Format settings, QPel : No 
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints 
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263) 
Muxing mode : Packed bitstream 
Codec ID : DX50 
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5 
Duration : 1h 38mn 
Bit rate : 1 520 Kbps 
Width : 704 pixels 
Height : 304 pixels 
Display aspect ratio : 2.35 
Frame rate : 25.000 fps 
Resolution : 24 bits 
Colorimetry : 4:2:0 
Scan type : Progressive 
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.284 
Stream size : 1.05 GiB (77%) 
Writing library : DivX 6.8.5 

Audio 

ID : 1 
Format : AC-3 
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3 
Codec ID : 2000 
Duration : 1h 38mn 
Bit rate mode : Constant 
Bit rate : 448 Kbps 
Channel(s) : 4 channels 
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Surround: C 
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz 
Stream size : 317 MiB (23%) 
Alignment : Split accross interleaves 
Interleave, duration : 96 ms (2.40 video frames) 
Interleave, preload duration : 96 ms 
Language : English 


IMDB Rating = 


6.5/10   1,468 votes   



[color=Blue]

Plot

Based on the HG Wells story. The world is delighted when a space craft containing a crew made up of the world's astronauts lands on the moon, they think for the first time. But the delight turns to shock when the astronauts discover an old British flag and a document declaring that the moon is taken for Queen Victoria proving that the astronauts were not the first men on the moon. On Earth, an investigation team finds the last of the Victorian crew - a now aged Arnold Bedford and he tells them the story of how he and his girlfriend, Katherine Callender, meet up with a inventor, Joseph Cavor, in 1899. Cavor has invented Cavorite, a paste that will allow anything to deflect gravity and he created a sphere that will actually take them to the moon. Taking Arnold and accidently taking Katherine they fly to the moon where, to their total amazement, they discover a bee-like insect population who take a unhealthy interest in their Earthly visitors.

Review From IMDB

If you've read the book, you know H.G. Wells wrote a lot of stuff about the Moon that would be ridiculous to modern audiences. It was more fantasy than science fiction especially the explosion of plant growth which was silly even when the book was written since anyone would have seen that through a telescope on Earth. They wisely left out almost all of these in the movie to make it somewhat more serious.
Most of the good parts have been left in. Cavor is just as eccentric as he was in the book. Wells' detailed description of the underground society is much too brief so many of the insights in the book are lost (perhap Henryhausen's Dynamation work was too expensive or they felt audiences would be bored) and nearly all of the adventures in the jungle of the Moon have been removed since the Moon in the movie has no atmosphere or plant life. The book's ending of course is entirely different here and while it's disappointingly familiar, it's certainly more of an ending. Sandwiching the original story as a flashback in a modern moon landing was very clever and worked perfectly.
Since every science fiction movie in the 50's and 60's needed a pretty woman to be saved by the hero from evil-looking aliens, they had to add the character of Kate Callender. Unfortunately she is a constant distraction from what was a more contentious and entertaining relationship between Cavor and Bedford in the book. They should have left her on Earth.
Another entertaining aspect of this movie is how they depicted a modern moon landing. The idea of landing a separate lunar module on the surface while the main craft stays in orbit around the Moon was just one of many ideas on the drawing board in 1964 (and wasn't yet the most popular). It's also amusing that the surface of the Moon is shown as a dark place with brown dirt and sharp peaked mountains instead of the blinding bright gray rocky rolling hills we saw in the real Moon landings. Fortunately NASA scientists knew about ladders so our astronauts would not have to dangle from a rope to be lowered to the surface.  


