Need for Speed SHIFT is an all-new simulation racing IP that combines the true driver’s experience with real-world physics, pixel-perfect car models, and a wide range of authentic race tracks.
Need for Speed SHIFT takes players in a different direction to create a simulation experience that replicates the true feeling of driving high-end performance cars. Players are thrust into the loud and intense experience of racing a car on the edge of control from the driver’s perspective through the combination of perception based G-forces, the hyper reality of the cockpit view, and the brutal experience of a first-person crash dynamic.
Need for Speed SHIFT features an accurate, accessible physics-based driving model that allows you to feel every impact, every change of track surface and every last bit of grip as you push yourself to the edge.
Race your way and stamp your mark on the world, define your style and build your unique driver profile.
Control
the raw power of aggressively tuned race cars. Unrivalled in-car experience and physics deliver the feel of being behind the wheel of a race car.
Compete against the best drivers in the world online. Your driver profile helps match you against the most suitable rivals for your ability.
Features include:
True Driver’s Experience – A variety of visual cues delivers the true driver’s experience including a three-dimensional HUD that mimics driver head movement, inertia and G-forces. The depth of field also adjusts based on the speed of the car; so when the car is travelling at high speeds the perspective will shift to the distance putting the car/cockpit out of focus.
Enhanced AI – A sophisticated AI system will mean that your races are more exciting than ever before. AI opponents will react and perform based on the player’s aggression and overall driving skill thus creating race experiences for all skill sets.
Dynamic Crash Effect - When the player hits a static object or opponent car, the player will feel like they are 'taking damage'. A combination of visual and audio effects will leave the player disorientated and briefly disrupt the race.
Total Customisation – Need for Speed SHIFT features a comprehensive customisation option that lets the player tailor every aspect of the cars performance and styling. Go under the hood to upgrade and tune your vehicle to increase its performance. The visual customisation system allows players to personalise both the exterior and trick out the interior to reflect their individual style and preferences.
Photo Real Cars and Tracks – Nearly 70 licensed cars are available including the Pagani Zonda F, Audi RS4, and Porsche 911 GT3 RSR. There are also over 15 real-world locations like Willow Springs and Laguna Seca as well as fictional circuits like downtown London and Tokyo.

REGION LOCKED NTSC-U AND NTSC-J