In the near future, artificial organs can be bought on credit from a company called "The Union." If one can't pay the bill, "The Union" will send a highly skilled repo man to take the organ back, often killing the victim. Jude Law plays Remy, a repo man, who after an accident finds himself with a new artificial heart, a heavy debt, and unable to work. When he can't make the payments, he finds himself on the run from the repo men, one of which happens to be his former partner, Jake (Forest Whitaker).

Many things happen in this thriller, many of which are familiar. There are parts you've seen before, and some areas work as an homage. There are elements of Blade Runner, yet not as slick, and perhaps a bit of Demolition Man. This is, admittedly, expected from this genre and is welcomed. However, look-wise, the film could've had something really original, given the budget and plot.

The action scenes are aplenty. They sometimes contain the familiar, MTV style quick cuts, occasional stylistic and gory moments, and a hallway scene that appears to be an homage to Oldboy. To appreciate scenes like these, one must first buy Jude Law as an action hero, of sorts. While Jude Law has the good-guy thing down, he isn't exactly built like a tough guy—but, perhaps it's something one needs to get used to given that he has mostly been considered a character actor. The action scenes itself seemed by-the-numbers, although it does pick up later.

Admittedly, Jude Law in any sci-fi film is always a treat—he simply has that clean, other-worldly look about him—I thought he was amazing in A.I. While Jude Law does a commendable job with his role, his English accent isn't explained too well in the film, given that he grew up with Jake (Forest Whitaker) since grade school, and Jake himself doesn't particularly sound British. Of course, anything like this can be explained away by saying he lived somewhere else since then. Seeing Forest Whitaker (as Jake) in front of the camera is always a treat—he does fine in his complex, bad guy/good guy role as Remy's former partner.

Director Miguel Sapochnik appears to walk a fine line between whether the film is meant to be an action film or a sci-fi film. While it appears like the former, I think this film would've benefited more if it had more of the latter. The sci-fi elements and the plot was interesting, but felt somewhat sloppily put together. The whole atmosphere of this film's world felt claustrophobic, giving a B-movie quality.

As much as I enjoyed the plot itself, it appears to lack the details I often enjoy in any sci-fi film. To add, much of the film spends its time going from one location to another, with occasional memorable scenes (such as an underground surgeon scene), but nothing that figures too much into the general plot. There were occasional quirky, and almost fun, moments of interior monologue that reminded me of a Guy Ritchie film, but even those moments happen sparsely. If the film had went for that quirky, European satiric style, that could've been fun, too, but this film is not like that either.

On a whole, the film felt like a Frankenstein monster of many elements and styles. Meanwhile, I found the underlying story still interesting and everything that happens does eventually lead somewhere. There is a big plot twist I think makes this film almost great. Even if I had problems with the film, I'd still be interested in reading the novel this film is based on, as there are some good stuff in here, even if I didn't prefer the execution of it. Overall, I give this film ** ½ out of ****.


Release Date: 19 March 2010 (USA)
