File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:18

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2192 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.43 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Gimmie Dat" is a song by American recording artist Ciara. It was co-written by the singer and producer Kenneth "Soundz" Coby, and produced by the latter and Tricky Stewart. The song will serve as the third worldwide single from her fourth studio album, Basic Instinct. "Gimmie Dat" is an uptempo dance song, featuring speedy, kinetic beets and a sensual-breathy tone. The single has been well-received by music critics who complimented its uptempo beat.

The song's music video is directed by Melina and was filmed on September 6, 2010 in Los Angeles. Photos from the shoot were released on September 10, 2010. An unedited version of the video premiered online on October 11, 2010. The official video premiered on October 12, 2010 and since then has received favorable reviews from critics.

The video premiered on BET's 106 and Park as the New Joint of the Day on October 12 and has since peaked at #2 on the countdown on November 10 and has been on the countdown for 11 days.

MTV Buzzworthy said "Packed with screams, shouts and super-speedy, hyper-kinetic beats, Gimme Dat's frenetic energy is offset by Ciara's go-to breathy sensuality and a bend-in-the-road bridge. It's by far the sickest jam of the summer so far (no offense, Usher's "OMG"), and an all-out sexy assault on your mind in the same kinda way that Missy Elliott's "Work It" dropped bombs on your brain. While, the New York Post said that Ciara "spits the words 'gimmie that bass' over 30 times" and "tells you that she will indeed 'bring it back and take it back' a good 16 times." Their reporter Ryan Brockington said "The 'it' I believe she is referring to is her rump shaker and that 'bass' is what will make her 'bring it' ... start stretchin', because it looks like the latter part of summer should be full of reason's to give people 'dat'."

In an interview with Rap-Up magazine in June 2010, Ciara stated that fans could be ready to "dance off the freakin' roof" with the second single from the album. Following this, an uptempo song, entitled "Get it Girl" appeared online, leading many to speculate that it was the second single. However, Jive Records denied this, stating that it was only a contender for the position. It was confirmed by Rap-Up on July 7, 2010 that the second single would in fact be "Gimmie Dat". At the last minute, however, Jive announced that "Speechless" was chosen as the second single instead. "Gimmie Dat" was then chosen to be the third single.

Basic Instinct is the upcoming fourth studio album by American R&B singer Ciara. After numerous pushbacks and delays, the album is now scheduled to be released on December 10, 2010. The album was executively produced by the singer alongside production and writing duo Tricky Stewart and The-Dream who also worked with Ciara on her previous album Fantasy Ride.

Three singles preceded the album including the Ludacris-assisted lead single "Ride", which peaked within the top five on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number three. The other two singles are "Speechless" and "Gimmie Dat".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/