Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Meet Me Halfway" is a song by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas. It was released as the third promo single from their 5th studio album The E.N.D. It was later released as the album's third single. The single went to number one in the UK on the 15th of November 2009, and also reached number one in Australia, making it their third chart topper from The E.N.D. in both countries.

The music video has been confirmed by will.i.am to be directed by Ben Mor (director of "I Gotta Feeling"). "This is a very different type of video ... 'Boom Boom Pow' was very futuristic and 'I Gotta Feeling' had a party vibe, but this is more artistic video. It's very arty."

The video premiered on October 12, 2009. It was released onto the iTunes Music store on October 13, 2009. The video features the members in different parts of the Solar System.

The video opens on a road in the middle of a desert panning up to the cosmic sky which shifts to scenes of each of the members singing in different locations of space: Fergie lies in the middle of a lush, green jungle, apl.de.ap levitates on a desert planet in nomadic clothing, will.i.am rides an elephant on a moon of Jupiter, and Taboo glides around the Sun in a spacesuit. Apl takes out a map and will.i.am uses a compass to search for a path to the other members. After a while, will.i.am finds a dial which reveals gateways for each of the members to go through. All the members use a stargate and turn into shooting stars, and land on the planet (presumably Earth), with the road in the middle of the desert. Unlike the two previous videos of the album, the video doesn't end with the phrase "The E.N.D."

The E.N.D. (short for The Energy Never Dies) is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas. It was initially released on June 3, 2009, in Japan and later worldwide from June 9, 2009. The production is led by will.i.am who takes the album away from the group's traditional hip-hop style into a new era of electro-hop. The album features more anthemic and inspirational songs in a bid to appeal to a new generation of music listeners, along with kick starting the sound of the 2010s.

To promote the album it was revealed that three promotional singles would be released a week apart through the iTunes Store in "The E.N.D. Countdown". These were "Imma Be", released on May 19, 2009, "Alive", released on May 26, 2009 and "Meet Me Halfway", released on June 2, 2009. will.i.am confirmed that these three songs should not be regarded as true singles from the album, although "Meet Me Halfway" eventually did become the album's third single.

The album's lead single, "Boom Boom Pow", topped the Billboard Hot 100 for 12 consecutive weeks, and is also the group's first chart-topper on any U.S. chart. The single also charted well elsewhere reaching number one in Australia, Canada, UK, Turkey and Belgium and several other countries. The album's second single, "I Gotta Feeling" has so far peaked at number one in the U.S., topping the Billboard Hot 100 for 14 consecutive weeks, Australia, Canada, Ireland, the U.K., the Netherlands and New Zealand. "Meet Me Halfway" was released as the third single from the album.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

