. 

TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.

we are the most on-time tracker around the globe, You can download releases whenever they release out by group uploaders. no Wait Time.

TorrentDay is a private tracker torrent website, which is totally free, safe and fast.


Higher Speed Download is available at: TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.


.

Torrentday : Clean RAR Scene File - Enjoy and don't forget to leave Thanks


Enjoy :)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

              The.Grumpy.Guide.To.Christmas.2009.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2009.12.25
              Genre...........: Documentary

       Meet the new breed of grumpies: a bit younger but no less 
       embittered. With tales of seasonal Tourette's, inappropriate 
       present-buying and the eating of reindeer, here is the latest in 
       a long line of celebrities with hilarious tales of festive humbug.
       
       Ozzy Osbourne considers himself lucky to have missed the whole 
       thing one year following a horrific quad bike injury; Huey Morgan 
       would rather throw burning conifers off the roof; John Thomson 
       likes confusing his parents by sending them anonymous cards; Neil 
       Morrissey may elect to spend the time locked away in the loo with 
       a portable TV, a few bottles of wine and a turkey sandwich; and 
       Ronni Ancona thinks sprouts are the grapes of the devil.
       
       Why? Because it's Christmas again. Have a very grumpy Christmas 
       everyone.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * 100mbit or gigabit archive sites for TV/XVID/ETC
           * 1080p or 720p rippers pre retail or classics
           * Fios cappers in u.s
           * U.K or Pre Retail Dvdrippers
           * Internal 100mbit 1tb+ dump sites for Exlusive group usage
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai