File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Journey's ninth album, Raised on Radio, was released in May 1986 on the Columbia Records label.

Following their two most successful albums, lead singer Steve Perry began to take more control over the band's direction. First, Ross Valory and Steve Smith were fired from the band, against the wishes of manager Herbie Herbert. The two were replaced by various studio musicians for the recording of Raised on Radio, including Randy Jackson (bass guitar) and Larrie Londin (drums). Smith did record two tracks with Journey on the album, and he and Valory still received revenues from the record and subsequent tour. Both returned to Journey in 1996.

Second, Perry changed the original title of this project, Freedom to Raised on Radio, which drew the ire of Herbert and some of the band members, which may have contributed to the departure of Smith and Valory.

Much of the album has a feel similar to Perry's solo album Street Talk. However, the classic Journey sound can still be heard on songs like "Girl Can't Help It" and the long time concert staple "Be Good to Yourself." The songs "Why Can't This Night Go on Forever," in a similar style to that of "Faithfully;" "Suzanne;" and "I'll Be Alright Without You" also achieved minor chart success. Overall there were four top 40 singles: "Girl Can't Help It" #17, "Be Good to Yourself" #9, "I'll Be Alright Without You" #14, and "Suzanne" #17.

Many critics and fans feel that Perry's influence and direction for Raised on Radio caused album sales to be lower than previous ones, but did manage to reach #4 on the Billboard 200 and go 2x multiplatinum.

The original members of Journey came together in San Francisco in 1973 under the auspices of former Santana manager Herbie Herbert. Originally called the Golden Gate Rhythm Section and intended to serve as a backup group for established Bay Area artists, the band included recent Santana alumni Neal Schon on lead guitar and Gregg Rolie on keyboards and lead vocals. Bassist Ross Valory and Rhythm guitarist George Tickner, both of Frumious Bandersnatch, and drummer Prairie Prince of The Tubes rounded out the group. The band quickly abandoned the original "backup group" concept and developed a distinctive jazz fusion style. After an unsuccessful radio contest to name the group, roadie John Villaneuva suggested the name "Journey." The band's first public appearance came at the Winterland Ballroom on New Year’s Eve, 1973. Prairie Prince rejoined The Tubes shortly thereafter, and the band hired British drummer Aynsley Dunbar, who had recently worked with John Lennon and Frank Zappa. On February 5, 1974, the new line-up made their debut at the Great American Music Hall and secured a recording contract with Columbia Records.

Journey released their eponymous first album in 1975, and rhythm guitarist Tickner left the band before they cut their second album, Look into the Future (1976). Neither album achieved significant sales, so Schon, Valory, and Dunbar took singing lessons in an attempt to add vocal harmonies to Rolie's lead. The following year's Next contained shorter tracks with more vocals, and featured Schon as lead singer on several of the songs.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

