Tuesday, February 16, 2010

How bad can things get? For Democrats, that’s an exasperated question. For Republicans, it’s more like a threat. They’re the ones making things bad, and not just out of their natural incompetence. Their obstructionism and obstinacy in the Senate are forcing Democrats with low thresholds for idiocy to quit politics. The latest victim is Democratic Indiana Senator Evan Bayh.  Bayh said he quit because “There’s just too much brain-dead partisanship.” The United States Senate used to be known as the world’s greatest deliberative body. Now that body is brain-dead, thanks to the paralysis brought on by Republicans. And things aren’t going to get any better. You know that if anything is brain dead, the Republicans will insist on keeping it on life support while they pull Bill Frist out of retirement to announce that it’s perfectly alert according to his long-distance diagnosis. This must be the ultimate Republican plan—to obstruct government so badly that anybody with any sense will get out. Then they can take over again. If Republicans can’t run things, they spend all their energy running things into the ground. Actually, Republicans run things into the ground even when they’re in charge. At least they’re consistent. 


It seems only natural that the people who have ground government to a halt would get together with the people who blame government for all their problems. Today “leaders” of the tea party are meeting with Republican National Committee “leader” Michael Steele.  And please note that in both cases, the word “leader” is in quotation marks. In the case of the tea party, they deny that they have any leaders. In the case of the Republicans, most of them deny that Michael Steele is their leader. Well, this is demographically awkward! The only black Republican is going to meet with a group that has virtually no African-American members. That’s right—the tea party has about as many black members as the Osmond Family. And these tea partiers have never formulated an actual agenda. So a group who has no plan is going to meet with a group whose only plan is “no.” Classic. I would describe this as a meeting of the minds, but everyone involved is out of their minds. I don’t want to be anywhere near these nutcases… which is probably what Evan Bayh has been thinking about life in the Senate.