Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"POD" (also known as "The Pick of Destiny") is a song by American rock band Tenacious D, featured on their 2006 second album The Pick of Destiny. Written by Jack Black and Kyle Gass, the song was released as the lead single from the album on October 30, 2006 and reached number 57 on the American Billboard Pop 100 singles chart.

The music video for POD was directed by Liam Lynch, produced by Grant Jue, of the Oil Factory production company and edited by David Rennie and Liam Lynch. Robert Brinkmann was the director of photography. In the video, Jack and Kyle go to a movie theatre to watch Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny, but wind up disturbing the audience with their antics to the point where they are forcibly thrown out of their own movie. In addition, Robert Brinkmann was also the director of photography in Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny. The version seen on TV is slightly different than the one found on the DVD. Instead of "f***in' insane," the lyric is changed to "freakin' insane" and "flippin' insane" and "completely profane." When Jack Black is kicked out of the movie theater, he tells a man to "sniff on my booty"; on the DVD Jack Black asks a man to "suck on my boney." The TV version also has a Snakes on a Plane poster blurred out which can just barely be seen at the end of the video. Snakes is another New Line Cinema film, released three months before The Pick of Destiny.

The Pick of Destiny is the second album by the American hard rock band Tenacious D. It also serves as a soundtrack for the movie Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny. The album was released on November 14, 2006 through Epic Records, and debuted at number eight on the Billboard  200.

The Pick of Destiny is the band's first studio release in five years, following up their 2001 self-titled debut, Tenacious D. The album was produced by the Dust Brothers' John King and features appearances by Meat Loaf, Ronnie James Dio, Tim Robbins, and Dave Grohl.

Another album, More Rocktastic Music from the Film, contains the score music that the soundtrack excludes.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/