Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Your Decision" is a song by Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album Black Gives Way to Blue (2009). It was released as the third single from the album on November 16, 2009 in the UK, and was released in the US on December 1st. The fourth track of the album, "Your Decision" features an acoustic rhythm and breaks from the dark, aggressive leanings of the previous songs in exchange for a more upbeat feel.

The song was used in a 2009 episode of CSI.

The music video was directed by Stephen Schuster. It was available on iTunes on December 1, 2009.

Black Gives Way to Blue is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, which was released in Australia on September 25, 2009 and in the United States four days later. The first Alice in Chains album in nearly fourteen years, Black Gives Way to Blue is their first release with new vocalist William DuVall, who took over for the late Layne Staley. This is also the first Alice in Chains album released on Virgin Records, their first venture away from Columbia, who handled all of their previous releases.

The span of nearly fourteen years between the self-titled album and Black Gives Way to Blue marks the longest gap between studio albums in Alice in Chains' career. The band had been working on new material since early 2006, shortly before hiring DuVall as their new singer. By April 2007, Alice in Chains had been writing and demoing songs for the album, but the band did not show further signs of progress until October 2008, when they announced that they had begun recording with producer Nick Raskulinecz (of Foo Fighters, Stone Sour and Rush fame) in the studio. The writing and recording process was completed on March 18, 2009, guitarist Jerry Cantrell's 43rd birthday.

Alice in Chains is an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1987 by guitarist Jerry Cantrell and vocalist Layne Staley. Although widely associated with grunge music, the band's sound incorporates heavy metal and acoustic elements. Since its formation, Alice in Chains has released four studio albums, three EPs, two live albums, four compilations, and two DVDs. The band is known for its distinct vocal style which often included the harmonized vocals of Staley and Cantrell.

Alice in Chains rose to international fame as part of the grunge movement of the early 1990s, along with other Seattle bands such as Nirvana, Pearl Jam, and Soundgarden. The band was one of the most successful music acts of the 1990s, selling over 17 million albums worldwide, including 11.5 million in the United States alone. The band achieved two number-one Billboard 200 albums (Jar of Flies and Alice in Chains), 12 top ten songs on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and seven Grammy Award nominations.

Although never officially disbanding, Alice in Chains was plagued by extended inactivity due to Layne Staley's problems with substance abuse, culminating in his death in 2002. Alice in Chains reunited in 2005 with new lead vocalist William DuVall and released Black Gives Way to Blue, their first studio album in 14 years, on September 29, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

