Last Call for Freedom is a four part video series.  I used various clips from television programs, along with news clips and joined them together to create this documentary. The first video Watch Out is about government surveillance including the use of cameras, tapping phone calls, reading emails, and creating databases of everything about you.  RFID: Total Control is the second video and it's about how every product that you buy in the future will have a computer chip in it.  The video shows the process of RFID technology being put into place worldwide and how it will be used for total control. This leads into the third film where the RFID technology is used in microchips that are implanted in the flesh of humans.  This video also covers the topic of creating new humans through technology.  Part four of this documentary has various Hollywood movie clips that bring parts 1-3 together giving examples how movies show us the future and what is planned for us.


Here's some more info

The first video starts off by discussing government documents and court cases stating that companies like A&T read and record everyone’s email. Then it transitions into the patriot act. Next it shows how companies like choice point get paid by the government and various 3rd parties to collect info on all of us. All the purchases we make. The spouse we might have or what kind of pets we have, or even our favorite color. Here we have an ex CEO of the company talking about all this. Watch as you see how some companies watch and monitor all employees even while they are away from work!  Finally the video shows the infamous NSA and how more than 20,000 people working each day listen to everyone’s phone calls. Hear ex employees talking about it. The sources are from MSNBC, Discovery Channel, and History Channel along with others. Not only is this evidence but it comes from high sources and it takes you right to the heart of where this is all happening.

All this and its only part 1 – watch out