Review
All I can say about A Presidential Energy Policy is, Yikes! This is a book everyone should read. Mike Ruppert is my friend. And, sometimes I remind him, in a way that only a friend can, that my perspective is colored by my own distinct experiences as an informed woman of color in the United States. And frankly, that means that some of what is between these covers makes me cringe; but it is exactly this substance, actively suppressed in proposed national and international gatherings, that we human beings must debate and resolve, or else, we will find Dr. King's admonition, once again, to be true: "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." We know Mike Ruppert because he became a whistleblower and told us some inconvenient truths. About crack cocaine, 9/11/01, and now this -- how to step back from the brink of human disaster. It is clear that Mike and I are headed toward the same destination, despite our differences. A Presidential Energy Policy lands Mike exactly where I am -- outside of the box of political orthodoxy, but well within the space of policy advocacy that is representative of critical thinking, rational analysis, and authentic leadership. Mike Ruppert dares to go where our elected leaders seem afraid to take us. In the end, however, if we are to salvage our own human dignity, either our "leadership" must catch up with us or we must become and nurture a new generation of leaders. --Cynthia McKinney, 6-term Member, U.S. House of Representatives; Green Party Presidential Candidate, 2008

Mike Ruppert has an unblemished track record for saying things that are incendiary, outrageous, shocking and true. Our new president needs desperately to hear the uncomfortable message of this book about energy and the economy, and so do the rest of us. --Richard Heinberg, Ph.D., Ecologist - Senior Fellow, Post Carbon Institute

Mike Ruppert has been at the forefront of speaking and writing about the grim reality that the world's crude oil output is peaking or has already peaked and will soon begin what could be swift declines over the next decade or two. The world needs to pay careful attention to the multiple risks this event will usher in. Thanks to Ruppert's new book, readers around the world will have access to his well written work. --Matthew R. Simmons, Chairman - Simmons & Company

Product Description
Michael Ruppert addresses some simple but widely ignored concepts relating to the critical role of oil and gas in the modern world. First, they are finite resources, formed in the geological past, therefore subject to depletion. Second, they have to be found before they can be produced. He then goes on to address the wider implications recognizing that there is a finite Oil Age. Many claims have been made that new technology will counter the natural decline, but there is an irony: the better the technology, the faster the depletion. The book then turns to related subjects, including foreign policy and the invasion of Iraq, the hopes for renewable energy substitutes, the impact on farming and population, and the nature of Money. The impact on the economy is a central theme of the book. It gives emphasis to the U.S. situation but also covers the wider World, ending with twenty-five sensible recommendations by which the United States Government could react to the unfolding situation.