Note: Our modem will be undergoing an upgrade sometime tommorrow in the evening (UK time). We'll be down for about an hour during the changeover. merci

In English, subtitles are included in German, French, English (for the
hearing impaired) Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch and Swedish. The first two
mentioned above are also DivX embedded, while all have srt subtitle files
separately available in the subtitles folder included on this torrent.

Real lovely picture quality and great sound too.

12 Angry men is one of the most important courtroom/juryroom dramas
ever to come out of the United states. The question presented to us
in this great movie offerings is this: Is there justice in the level
of discourse that is being offered. Is the articulation on the issues
in fact valid or is it semantic like argument on feigns of dubious
validity. If a case appears as it should: "open and shut" - is that
reason enough to start to discount it? Should you decide that everything
that could go the other way hypothetically, no matter how remote the
possibility, that should be the order of the day of a particular brand
of "more pure" justice? Should the prejudices carried by members of the
jury or testifying witnesses be reason enough to negate and retard their
testimony? should they be required as jury members to vote the other side
instead? The OJ Simpson criminal trial contained all of these elements
in the minds of those who assembled not too long ago on a PBS panel inquiry
headed by talkshow host Mr. Charlie Rose. The ownership of property in and of
itself should never be sufficient qualification to sit on a jury to decide
the fate of members of the community. Instead, a sound grounding in values
that are humanistically pure and demonstrably so, combined with sound reasoning
skills and experience in the proper and right application of legal principles
that come from this sound philosophical basis should rule, and be the
requirement.

So a panel of judges perhaps, appointed on more than their connections within
legal circles as it presently is comprised, rather on an open contest in which
real votes for merit may be clearly exercised in the protection of all.

Otherwise, we could someday die for no other reason than a lack of restraint in
the environment caused by a complete breakdown in the expectation of justice
based on jury members that are nothing more than proxies for those that would
inflict their own brand of justice instead. The OJ Simspon affair should raise
just such alarm bells as the second trial rightly pointed out, however it came
too late to impose penalties to fit the crime - financial constraints that were
imposed subsequently on the defendant could hardly be deemed sane enough for
anyone that was looking in at the situation in objective fashion unable to do
nothing but "shake their heads" in amazement that this could go on without a
public scream that should never end until the righter outcome is seen through
instead.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
Please see my movie reviews at moviesbyrizzo.info