The purpose of this book is to explain how to develop applications and reusable classes for
the .NET Framework. Specifically, this means that I intend to explain how the CLR works and
the facilities that it offers. I’ll also discuss various parts of the Framework Class Library (FCL).
No book could fully explain the FCL—it contains literally thousands of types now, and this
number continues to grow at an alarming rate. Therefore, here I’m concentrating on the core
types that every developer needs to be aware of. And while this book isn’t specifically about
Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Silverlight, XML Web services,
Web Forms, and so on, the technologies presented in the book are applicable to all these
application types.
The book addresses Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, .NET Framework version 4.0, and version 4.0
of the C# programming language. Since Microsoft tries to maintain a large degree of backward
compatibility when releasing a new version of these technologies, many of the things
I discuss in this book apply to earlier versions as well. All the code samples use the C#
programming language as a way to demonstrate the behavior of the various facilities. But,
since the CLR is usable by many programming languages, the book’s content is still quite
applicable for the non-C# programmer.
Today, Microsoft offers several versions of the CLR. There is the desktop/server version, which
runs on 32-bit x86 versions of Microsoft Windows as well as 64-bit x64 and IA64 versions
of Windows. There is the Silverlight version, which is produced from the same source code
base as the desktop/server version of the .NET Framework’s CLR. Therefore, everything in this
book applies to building Silverlight applications, with the exception of some differences in
how Silverlight loads assemblies. There is also a “lite” version of the .NET Framework called
the .NET Compact Framework, which is available for Windows Mobile phones and other
devices running the Windows CE operating system. Much of the information presented in
this book is applicable to developing applications for the .NET Compact Framework, but this
platform is not the primary focus of this book.
On December 13, 2001, ECMA International (http://www.ecma-international.org/ ) accepted
the C# programming language, portions of the CLR, and portions of the FCL as standards.
The standards documents that resulted from this have allowed other organizations to build
ECMA-compliant versions of these technologies for other CPU architectures, as well as other
operating systems. In fact, Novell produces Moonlight (http://www.mono-project.com
/Moonlight), an open-source implementation of Silverlight (http://Silverlight.net) that is
primarily for Linux and other UNIX/X11-based operating systems. Moonlight is based on the
ECMA specifications. Much of the content in this book is about these standards; therefore,
many will find this book useful for working with any runtime/library implementation that adheres
to the ECMA standard.