Private.Best.Of.3.Gals.And.1.Guy.2008.SPANiSH.XXX.DVDRip.XviD




screens (+ DVD-covers): 
http://www.cbuz.com/98d43a





3 Fine looking pussies and 1 dick! 
That's a big fantasy of every guy on this planet. Just imagine; eating pussy, finger banging pussy and fucking pussy at the same time....? 
Just let your imagination run nasty.


Starring:
Maya Gold, Niky, Sandy Style, Nikita Rush, Tera Bond, Tiffany Diamond, Jane Darling, Vanessa May, Stacy, Katy Caro, Priva, Virginiee, Cindy, Victory SweetRose, Angelina Sweet, Suzanna, Bianca


Studio:          Private
Released:        2008
Format:          Xvid
Language:        Spanish


3,000+ torrents: 
(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens




REVIEW (of the USA-version):

This DVD is everything you would expect from Private. The scenes are well arranged and the photography is outstanding. The women are beautiful and the production is high quality. There is plenty of raw sex as well as the erotic style that is so well known to Private productions.

Scene 1
Maya Gold, Niky, Sandy Style

This scene is simply getting down on the beach with no story line or dialogue. There is something for everybody here with Girl-Girl, Oral, Anal and varying positions. The scenery is beautiful and the photography is top-notch.

Scene 2
Nikita Rush, Tera Bond, Tiffany Diamond

Inside a beautiful house, the girls are trying on clothes before they start to explore each other. In walks a very lucky guy and away we go! Great oral action highlights the scene along with some good pussy-to-mouth cock swapping. A nice anal scene finishes the show.

Scene 3
Jane Darling, Vanessa May, Stacy

This scene begins with a guy / girl couple enjoying the sight of two lovelies getting it on. In this scene, the participants display more of an acting role rather than the hot sex in the previous scenes but it is still hot stuff. The two girls move to the female “observer” and get her warmed up before one of them goes to work on the guy. The stellar finish comes when one of the girls gets the guy off, rather than having him do it himself. For me, that is always a welcome sight.

Scene 4
Katy Caro, Priva, Virginiee

Here we have two girls watching a couple. This scene employs a nice contrast of rawness and elegance. Occasional eye contact with the camera adds an element to the hot sex in the scene. Great reverse cowgirl, pussy to mouth, solo stimulation, anal adventures including A to M and a variety of activities provides something for everyone to enjoy.

Scene 5
Cindy, Victory SweetRose, Angelina Sweet

This is the first plot-based scene on the DVD. There is a bit of humor here as the scene resembles one of those cheesy kung fu movies where the voice does not match the lip movements. The scene provides a mix of female body styles ranging from slender, to curvy, to heavy. The big girl does most of the “giving” to both the other girls and the guy. One irritating aspect of this scene is the way it keeps shifting from color to black and white.

Scene 6
Suzanna, Niky, Bianca

Here is another nautical scene which begins with three women performing a daisy-chain on the deck of a boat. The captain of the ship shows up and the action never stops. There is a lot of activity in this scene and everyone is involved. The BJ action is excellent as all three girls take their turn at the “mast”. There is some hot DP action with a cock in pussy and a vibrator up the old dirt trail. The reverse cowgirl riding is a sight for sore eyes. The scene ends with some very nice cum swapping which is both nasty and very erotic.

If you’re into threesomes and group sex, you will not be disappointed by this DVD. As always, Private offers a quality production which is a pleasure to all the senses!





