< Release Notes >

Title: Stargate SG-1 S01E01 Children Of The Gods: The Final Cut
Release Date: 07/24/2009
Format: XVID
Video Bitrate: 910 kb/s
Resolution: 640x352
FPS: 23.976 fps
Source: DVD
Audio Formate: 136 kb/s VBR 
http://www.tv.com/stargate-sg-1/show/185/summary.html

This is basicly an alternate/reworked verion of the first episode that
was recently done by the show's producer and writer Brad Wright
It is shorter than the original with some special effects upgrades and
lots of reediting

Quotes from the DVD review on DVD Verdict:

"Seven minutes. That's how much time has been cut from the original
pilot movie. Odd, huh? Usually, the "Director's Cut" of anything is
longer and more complex than the original. That's not the case here."

"The largest change comes in the form of the re-edit. Wright cut scenes
re-ordered others, and added new angles all with an eye toward delivering
a tighter film. Some of these edits were ones he wished he could have
done at the time but couldn't because of production problems such as a
scratch in the film marring all of Shanks' close-ups in a pivotal scene
But other edits were made with an eye toward a more sophisticated audience
One of the small changes is the removal of a MacGyver joke. A larger change
is in the introduction to Carter's character. In the original, she comes
on with a female chip on her shoulder, saying that she shouldn't be denied
just because her sex organs are on the inside and not the outside. This
line has been removed and the scene re-edited so it's clear that O'Neill's
only problem with her is that she's a scientist and not a soldier."

"The edit that's causing the biggest uproar is removal of the frontal
nudity that was shown when Sha're is presented to Apophis. Remember, the
series was originally made for Showtime, so nudity was a given. But now
that the series is considered safe, family fare, the scene has been removed
Many fans have voiced their displeasure, saying that the nudity was
necessary to accentuate Apophis' callous indifference, to make it feel
more like a rape. Others are thrilled to see the scene gone, saying that
it was a blot on an otherwise excellent movie. Though I wouldn't go so
far as to call the original cut pornographic as some have, removing the
nudity does invite a wider audience."

< Plot Summary >

< Group News >

Wanted: NOTHING

< GREETS >
O O On Behalf of the SAiNTS TV Division, Greets Go Out to: O O
O O O
TVEP , BiA , FoV , SFM

And Shepherds We Shall Be

OO
O OO
OO

OO
OO OO
OO
OO
OO
OO
OO

OO
OO

tlr.