Berkshire Encyclopedia of China: Modern and Historic Coverage of the World's Newest and Oldest Global Power (5 Volume Set)

Berkshire Publishing Grou | 2009 | ISBN: 0977015947 | 2800 pages | PDF | 89,8 MB










In five large-format volumes and nearly 1,000 expert-written articles, the Berkshire Encyclopedia of China provides unrivaled insight into Chinese history and culture today in nearly a thousand fascinating articles that include everything from Adoption and Banking to Wound Literature and Zhou Dynasty. 


China is changing our world, and Berkshire Publishing, known for its award-winning encyclopedias on a wide array of global issues including the award-winning six-volume Encyclopedia of Modern Asia, is proud to publish the first major resource designed for students, teachers, businesspeople, government officials, and tourists seeking a greater understanding of China today. 


The Berkshire Encyclopedia of China offers authoritative articles from well-known scholars in China as well as in the West, and it has been compiled with strict rules about balance and objectivity by a publisher committed to providing truly global perspectives that will empower 21st-century students, global citizens, and leaders in business and government. The Berkshire Encyclopedia of China does much more than cover the history of China. 


It is specifically intended to help students and professionals who need to improve their knowledge of the arts, belief systems, business, communications, demographics, education, law and politics, minority groups, natural resources, regional and international relations, social welfare, and technology. Within these categories, there are broad thematic essays, which serve as anchors or touchstones for the work as a whole, as well as short entries about the people, events, concepts, and material goods that are essential to understanding China. 


There are articles on important organizations and companies, as well as on sports, festivals, and other aspects of popular culture. And the encyclopedia brings up right up to the present, with information on blogging and Internet use, human rights, and overseas returnees (the sea turtles). It even looks to the future with articles on renewable energy and the 2010 World s Fair in Shanghai. 


The encyclopedia is also completely interdisciplinary in its coverage and organization. Contributing authors includes political scientists, sociologists, economists, anthropologists, geographers, historians, scientists, artists, educators, and other experts. Thanks to cooperation with many Chinese scholars based in China, the encyclopedia is the first major work also to cover China from the Chinese point of view. 


Succinct, accessibly written, and illustrated articles (500-3,000 words), each beginning with a short summary or abstract. Each article arranged so it can be copied or printed for individual use (up to 10 copies for a single classroom use at no charge for further copies, please make payments via Copyright Clearance Center). Page margins that make it easy to copy articles for classroom use on both US letter-size and international A4 paper. 


Article titles in English, Chinese characters, and a Pinyin transliteration with tone marks, and Chinese characters and transliterations in articles. Up-to-date information that students and non-specialists can understand. Intelligent, insightful discussion of controversial issues.


 Articles about China in the world today, with a focus on its cultural, political, and economic relationships, military expansion, human and religious rights News-related coverage: social and environmental issues Food Safety, new communications and media Internet Use, Blogging, and topics relevant to the global economic crisis-Stock Markets, Beijing Consensus and Currency Valuation. 


Over 1,200 unique photographs Maps, timelines, primary source sidebars, and dozens of traditional proverbs. Ideal for writing papers. Ideal for general education about China. Useful for readers learning Chinese.



Knowledgeably compiled and professionally edited by the team of Linsun Cheng, Kerry Brown, Winberg Chai, and Joan Lebold Cohen, this five-volume, 2800 page encyclopedic compendium of information features almost one thousand informed and informative articles contributed by outstanding scholars from China and around the world covering a complete spectrum of issues ranging from the geopolitical role of China in the modern world, to adoption practices, to the Zhou Dynasty, to it literary, artistic, religious, financial, and cultural contributions. 


The "Berkshire Encyclopedia of China" contains both comprehensively broad and thematic essays, as well as short categorical entries focused on people, events, organizations, festivals, sports, and all other aspects required for a sound understanding of China and its people. 


Of special note is the up to date information on China in the information age of computers, blogs, and the Internet. Of special note is that each individual article can easily be photocopied making it an ideal curriculum resource for classroom instruction. The use of English, Chinese characters and Pinyin transliteration with tone marks further enhances the value of the "Berkshire Encyclopedia of China" for students of the Chinese language. 


Presenting an encyclopedic reference from a distinctively Chinese perspective, profusely enhanced throughout with illustrations, maps, timelines, sidebars, and even traditional Chinese proverbs, the "Berkshire Encyclopedia of China" is a core reference which is highly recommended for personal, professional, academic, and community library International Studies collections in general, and Chinese Studies reference collections and supplemental reading lists in particular.