Californication Seizoen 3.HDTVrip_NLsubbed_DivXNL-Team (Xvid)


Californication—Season 3

The third season of Californication premiered September 27, 2009 and ended December 13, 2009. This season followed where season two ended, with the key elements including Hank becoming a teacher, his ongoing relationship with his daughter Becca, and the various shenanigans he gets into when he is let loose on a college campus.
The third season also moved the focus of Hank's relationship with Becca from friendly to inherently more moody as she progresses through her teenage years. Hank continued his battle with his inability as a father as he watched his daughter become more like him than he wanted. This was mixed with various relationships with women of differing ages that complicated his relationship with his long-time love Karen.
In the final episode of the season, Hank has recurring nightmares by which he is afloat in a pool, drinking heavily, talking to the women he has recently slept with, who are naked, swimming around him. Both Karen and Becca are on the side of the pool. In reality, Mia returns to Hank's home, and offers the family an invitation to go to the media launch of the paperback version of her book. At the afterparty, Hank meets Mia's new boyfriend, who is also her manager. He knows of the history between Mia and Hank, and offers Hank a way out by coming clean to the press about the novel and how it came about. However, Hank is unwilling to do so as it will affect Karen and Becca. Upon another meeting, the two men break into a fight, after which Mia's boyfriend threatens to call the police. Hank leaves and goes home to Karen and tells her his secret that he slept with Mia, to which Karen breaks down uncontrollably. The argument breaks out onto the street, and as Hank attempts to console Karen who is still hysterical, a police car arrives on the scene, two officers step out and when one of them grabs Hank from behind Hank lashes out and hits one of them. He is then bundled into the back of the car as Becca runs to try and stop the police. He is taken away, leaving Becca and Karen alone on the street. The final scene shows a dream sequence of Hank in the pool again, heavily drinking out of the bottle. He falls from his seat and drops his drink, and the last shot shows Hank sinking, with the bottle remaining in shot 
http://www.divxnl-team.nl