Bob Marley 
"Behind The Music" 
MTV Documentary 

Quality:DVD 5+ 3.38 GB 

Transfer:Vhs>>Pc>>Dvd>>World

First Broadcasted On:6/30/2002 VH1 Premiered.

----------
short info:
The musical legacy of reggae icon Bob Marley is evoked 
in joyful performance clips and in interviews with Marley, 
members of his family, those he recorded with and famous fans.
-----------
big info:
--------------------------------- 
"Behind The Music" chronicles the personal 
lives of many of the most popular musical 
acts of the rock era, and occasionally strays 
into related subjects, such as Woodstock, Hair 
and radio pioneer Alan Freed, as well as 'year' episodes, 
which tell the events and issues of certain years 
through the music of the time. 
The series was born following the success of a VH1 documentary about heroin abuse. 
The producers strictly follow a policy of having 
complete cooperation from their subjects, even when 
delving into embarrassing issues, which prevents the show 
from falling into the pitfall of tabloid sleaze. They hunt 
down possible interviewees, sometimes using detectives, and 
ask direct, probing questions, which prompt revealing, and 
brutally honest (we hope) responses. 
Nominated for the Emmy for Outstanding Non-Fiction Series 
for four consecutive years, BTM has established a rigid 
formula. We explore humble beginnings, meteoric rises, 
major setbacks, personal struggles, crippling vices, 
devasting falls, and climaxes that include revivals, deaths, 
and career changes.Unfortunately (for us), success 
has crept in. As BTM became VH1's top-rated show, 
it also has become a vehicle for commercialism. In 2000, 
the market was flooded with BTM books, CD's, and videos, 
and the recording industry started to realise the direct 
influence the show has on music sales. Vanilla Ice reportedly 
sold four times more albums after his episode aired, and many 
back catalogue sales have increased. So the later episodes have 
veered away from the 'classic' artists, and feature trendy, marketable newer acts. 
Hence, there sometimes is precious little drama to the artists' 
stories, and the series has turned rather uneven. Still, there 
is an occasional worthy tale, though VH1 produces only three or 
four new episodes per season these days. It's sister show, "VH1's Storytellers", 
has been revived in 2006, so there is much interest in continuing production, 
but VH1 is being extremely tight-lipped about the subject. 

----------------------------------------------- 
Cast & Characters | Writers, Directors & Crew 
Stars 
add » Jim Forbes 
Role: Narrator 


Add Recurring Roles to Behind The Music Bob Marley. 

Guest Stars 
add » Keith Richards 
Role: Himself 

Cedella Marley 
Role: Herself 

Tony Platt 
Role: Himself 

Neville Garrick 
Role: Himself 

Sharon Marley 
Role: Herself 

Cindy Breakspeare 
Role: Herself 

Lenny Kravitz 
Role: Himself 

Diane Jobson 
Role: Herself 

Roger Steffens 
Role: Himself 

Joe Higgs 
Role: Himself 

Cedella Booker 
Role: Herself 

Ziggy Marley 
Role: Himself 

Rita Marley 
Role: Herself 

Marcia Griffiths 
Role: Herself 

Judy Mowatt 
Role: Herself 

Bunny Wailer 
Role: Himself 

Chris Salewicz 
Role: Himself 

Clement "Coxson" Dodd 
Role: Himself 

--------------------
Seeded & Issued  To Marley & Tosh Torrent's
By Sean A.k.a Soul Rebel:22/02/2010

please keep on seed for atleast 12 - 24 hour's

Enjoy !
 