 FantasyDVD Player Platinum 9.9.7
 Full version with product key

FantasyDVD is a exquisite and powerful software DVD player. Have with 
the same features and controls of the living- room DVD player and 
support over 70 type video and audio media files. Support the ts, tp, 
trp mpeg2 HDTV, wmv HDTV and mkv, mka, mks formats HDTV. Its advanced 
video and audio technologies deliver the highest quality viewing and 
listening experience possible on the PC. FantasyDVD has a perfect DVD 
navigation system, rich audio and video effects, is stable and easy use, 
and can meet all the demands of DVD playing. FantasyDVD automatically 
determines the type of disc in your DVD drive and uses the correct 
playback method for DVD titles, video CDs, or audio CDs. Play at normal 
speed, or fit the movie into the time you have available to watch it! 
Time stretching lets you decide how long the movie takes to view. If a 
DVD has it, FantasyDVD can handle it. FantasyDVD recognizes all of the 
author's DVD features and lets you access them through the FantasyDVD 
user interface. 

Whether watching DVD movies on your laptop as you travel, using your 
computer as a second DVD player for your kids or watching a movie on 
your desktop as you work, FantasyDVD lets you get the most out of any 
computer with a DVD drive. In addition to all the features you find in 
your home entertainment DVD player, FantasyDVD gives you advanced 
functionality not possible on your living room DVD player, such as 
time-stretching, zooming and panning and thumbnail bookmarks. FantasyDVD 
allows you to customize your video and audio preferences for a 
personalized movie watching experience. Supports 2 - 7.1 channel audio 
output, dolby ProLogic, Dolby ProLogicII and SRS TruSurround XT audio 
output mode. Supports Low frequency effect (LFE), High frequency effect 
(HFE), 10 Band Equalizer, EchoDelay etc.s expansion function. 

FantasyDVD automatically determines the type of disc in your DVD drive 
and uses the correct playback method for DVD titles, video CDs, or audio 
CDs. Play at normal speed, or fit the movie into the time you have 
available to watch it! Time stretching lets you decide how long the 
movie takes to view. If a DVD has it, FantasyDVD can handle it. 
FantasyDVD recognizes all of the author's DVD features and lets you 
access them through the FantasyDVD user interface. 

Install Notes:
1) Unpack Archive
2) Run installer: FantasyDVDPlatinum.exe
3) Start program and click on menu > register
4) Enter Name/email/id/license & product key to register.
   (see serial.txt for serial/key)
   
Done   