Coming from a rich, albeit relatively modern heritage of brutal Canadian death metal, BENEATH THE MASSACRE is perhaps the band most apt to take the title for the heaviest and most technical band from its northern forefathers. Mixing voracious, grinding double bass alongside stop-start guitar work and unhallowed death metal growls with a helpful does of destructive breakdowns and unparalleled technicality, the handful of new tracks that make up BENEATH THE MASSACRE's debut full-length are a welcome addition to the heavy metal world. After building buzz in Canada and abroad behind the band's forceful 5-track EP in 2005, the band signed with Prosthetic Records in early 2006, with Mechanics of Dysfunction unleashed to the public in early 2007, a time when metal fans worldwide are craving more extremes in a musical genre already known for being extreme.

Be it extreme brutality, intense musicianship, or sheer musical destruction, though, and BENEATH THE MASSACRE has all the bases covered. Not only is the band unrelenting, but it remains intelligent as well. Evident in the band's name – equating to knowingly living in a sick and twisted world, but still fighting for change – BENEATH THE MASSACRE, employs intellect hand in hand with aural devastation, not only in the band's vocal approach, but also in its instrumentation and outlook on its very existence.

Leaving audiences worldwide salivating for more than 5 titillating tracks(Evidence of Inequity), Mechanics of Dysfunction's 10 tracks surely come to the party to play, combining the brutality of Suffocation, the brutal skillfulness of Origin, cacophonous melody of The Dillinger Escape Plan, and the sheer technicality of fellow Canadians Cryptopsy. Again meeting up with producer Yannick St-Amand (Despised Icon, Ion Dissonance), St-Amand's skillful production and the mastering job from Alan Douches (Shadows Fall, Unearth) – he too returning to work with the band for a second time – BENEATH THE MASSACRE's music is showcased polished and heavy, and poised to raise some noise in an already noisy genre.

After a quiet 2005 with a line-up change, vocalist Elliot Desgagnés' stint in surgery, and only a handful of dates showcasing the band's technical chops to the live crowds, 2007 promises to be a busy, raucous affair for BENEATH THE MASSACRE. With the release of Mechanics of Dysfunction and travel visas in hand, BENEATH THE MASSACRE is set to hit the road for much of the year, finally feeding the masses its brand of bile-infested metal the crowds that have, especially Stateside, been yearning for just that over the last two years.

Current line-up
Christopher Bradley - Guitar
Dennis Bradley - Bass
Elliot Desgagnés - Vocals
Justin Rousselle - Drums

Genre = Technical Death Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps
File Size = 29.71 MB

Tracklist
1. The Casket You Sleep In	
2. Black Tide	
3. Drill Baby Drill
4. Designed To Strangle	
5. Anomic