OmniPage Professional 17 is Nuance’s flagship document conversion and scanning application for OCR and form recognition. It’s designed to handle high volumes of documents from multiple devices and document archiving to popular ECM and DMS systems. OmniPage Professional allows you to turn paper, forms, digital camera images and PDF files into electronic files you can edit, search, share and archive.

Key Points

Superior OCR accuracy
Improved OCR engines deliver 99%+ accuracy for document conversion and archiving business-critical documents.

Maintain perfect formatting
Converted documents look exactly like the original and are easier to edit than ever before, complete with columns, tables, bullets and graphics.

Mobile document capture
Capture text with a digital camera or iPhone®. Quickly convert your pictures to text documents on your PC with the most accurate 3D Correction technology available.

Send to Amazon® Kindle®
Scan a document, automatically convert into a readable format and sent it to the Amazon Kindle electronic book reader in one easy step. 

Works with most popular scanners
If your device can scan, then it can work with OmniPage. Mobile scanners, desktop scanners, All-in-one and Multi-function printers all work more productively and with better accuracy using OmniPage.

Supports all your favourite applications
Supports the widest range of output formats including PDF, Microsoft® Word, Excel, PowerPoint® 2007, Corel® WordPerfect®, HTML and many more formats.

Batch processing, amazing value
Schedule large volumes of files for batch processing from folders or email with unattended automation for real time processing of documents.

Complete forms processing
Convert paper forms to fillable and distribute electronically. OmniPage can collect data from PDF or paper forms and export to a spreadsheet- or database-compliant format.

Built-in automatic redaction and highlight
Redact or black out confidential text or quickly locate information with highlights. OmniPage can recognise and automatically mark up your text based on a list of key words.

Recognises over 120 languages
Process, edit and store documents from anywhere in the world. Now supports Chinese, Japanese and Korean languages.
