Mega Man X4 (ロックマンX4, Rockman X4) is the fourth game in the Mega Man X series. It was originally released on July 31, 1997 for the Sega Saturn in North America. The Saturn and PlayStation versions were released simultaneously in Japan on August 1, 1997. The PC version was released in January 1, 1998, and runs in operating systems after and including Windows 95. It was part of the Mega Man X Collection for the Nintendo GameCube and PlayStation 2 and the PlayStation version was also released in Singapore's AMK Hub  on 2007.

The gameplay is similar to the previous installments of the X series, but there are some important changes:

At the beginning of the game, the player chooses to play either as X or Zero. Unlike future games in the Mega Man X series, the player is committed to the choice throughout the game (i.e., he/she cannot switch to the other character at any time). Though both of them go through the same stages, they operate differently, and get different challenges from the terrain. They must avoid obstacles like falling debris and spikes, and destroy enemy robots to reach the end of the stages.

X wields a plasma cannon (X-Buster) on his arm that he uses to attack foes from a distance. It can be charged to fire stronger shots. When he defeats a boss, he gains a new weapon for his Buster. These weapons have limited ammo, displayed by a meter next to his health. In some stages, X can find capsules that contain upgrades that greatly enhance his capabilities.

Zero is more melee-oriented than X, using a saber (Z-Saber) rather than his usual arm cannon (Z-Buster). His Z-Buster was removed due to game balancing issues. The Z-Saber's power and accuracy compensate for its lack of range. Not all of his moves are weapon-based—rather than acquiring weapons from bosses, he learns "techniques" such as the air-dash (Hienkyaku) and double-jump (Kuuenbu). However, Zero cannot upgrade any of his body parts in this game.

Two new Tanks have been added: a Weapon Tank (W-Tank), which will fill all of X's Special Weapons up; and an EX Tank, which increases the character's default lives from two to four whenever the player continues from a save point. The Life Tanks have been reduced from four to two, but they are easier to fill (every energy capsule picked up adds a bit to the tanks, not only those taken when at full health).

This is the first X game where characters have conversations with the bosses before the battle begins, rather than the boss simply entering the room and attacking immediately. For this reason, there is no music specifically used to accompany the boss's entrance, as was the case with the first three games.