Webster's New World 575+ Spanish Verbs 
Author: Elsa Pittman
Publisher: Webster's New World
Publication date: 2004
ISBN: 0764541579
Format / Quality: pdf
Size: 13.3 MB 

Your one-stop reference for Spanish verbs Mastering Spanish verbs is a tough job for students learning the language, but now it’s easier than ever! Whether you’re studying the language in school or translating a report for work, Webster’s New World 575+ Spanish Verbs is the only verb reference you need. This handy resource lists verbs alphabetically in every mood and tense, complete with their idiomatic forms–so you’ll not only know how to use a verb, but when to use it, too. Webster’s New World 575+ Spanish Verbs is the best Spanish verb reference money can buy, packed with more verbs and more extra features, like: * A comprehensive review of the rules of Spanish conjugation * More than 1,500 additional verbs in their infinitive form, fully cross-referenced * Multiple sample sentences that demonstrate common usage for each verb * An appendix of irregular verbs to cut down on confusion * A full English-to-Spanish index of all the verbs in the book Download Description The only verb reference students of Spanish will ever need The biggest challenge facing anyone learning Spanish is the mastery of verbs. Now Webster’s New World 575+ Spanish Verbs comes to the rescue with a comprehensive review of Spanish verbs and verb conjugations. Covering more verbs than any other reference of its kind, this outstanding resource includes 575 fully conjugated verbs–plus more than 1,500 additional verbs that are cross-referenced to verbs with similar conjugations. Verbs are presented alphabetically in easy-to-read charts and are conjugated in all tenses and persons. Sample sentences illustrate common usages of each conjugated verb. Valuable extra features include an appendix of irregular verbs and a full English/Spanish verb index for easy reference. Elsa Marina Pittman (Plano, TX) was born in Venezuela and now teaches ESL and Spanish classes at a community college and at companies. She is a professional translator and has edited and consulted on numerous Spanish-language books.