SuperRam 6.5.10.2010
----------------------
Full version with Reg. Key

Compatible with: Windows 7, XP, Vista, 2000, 2003 (32/64Bit)
Latest Update: 6.5.10.2010 - 
Updated and fixed the Windows 7 
components which were causing random crashes for a small number of users running Windows 7 64-bit

SuperRam 6 increases computer performance by freeing wasted memory back to your computer. 
By optimizing memory utilization your computer will operate at stable speeds and never run out of memory. 
Very easy to use, fully compliant with all current versions of Microsoft ® Windows and 
automatically frees memory in real-time. With SuperRam your computer will run faster 
than ever before. Boost the performance of your PC the easy way.

* Overview and Description of SuperRam

SuperRam allows you take control of your computer's memory, how physical memory is 
allocated and help determine the performance of your computer system. 
Windows routinely allocates memory to applications, games and system processes; 
over time the memory becomes completely used handling all of these tasks.
With SuperRam, memory management is tuned to maintain computer stability but a 
greater emphasis is placed on computer performance. Once installed SuperRam begins 
to monitor the total amount of memory your computer has installed, it also monitors 
when your computer reaches a threshold of memory to maintain, 
when that threshold is reached SuperRam immediately will release 
all memory that it determines can be released on the computer system back to Windows.
When SuperRam is installed any new application, program or game that is opened will use 
physical memory installed on the computer and placing applications that you opened 
previously to use virtual memory. This allows software to run with an emphasis on 
performance when performance is needed; such as when playing games, 
editing photos/videos, using processor and memory intensive applications 
 
* Features and Benefits of SuperRam

Optimizes computer memory by freeing wasted memory back to the computer, 
giving applications access to physical memory.
Runs as a Windows Service application, which allows the software to run even when 
you are not logged into the computer.
Handles up to 2 TB of RAM on Windows 2008 and up to 128 GB of RAM on Windows 7 and Windows Vista. 
Windows XP, 2000 and 2003 still support up to 4 GB of RAM.
Memory benchmark test feature has been added in to get an estimate of how 
fast and stable your computer memory is.
Advanced settings added to prevent excessive memory defragmentation, 
monitoring processor usage and battery status.
New and improved modern user interface, easy and intuitive to use and compliant 
with Windows user interface guidelines.
Software supports multiple languages and translations of all visible text to allow 
users all over the world to use SuperRam in their native language.
Software updates can be downloaded and installed directly from inside the 
application without having to visit our web site.
Software was developed with full Windows themes, colors and up to 192 DPI support.
---------------
Install Notes:
---------------
Disconnect internet connection !!
When you have firewall, block all outgoing superram connection!

1) run superram.exe
After installing program don't run it. 
Double click SuperRam.reg and click yes
* See unpack directory/serial-regkey for reg.key Superram.reg
Done
