The easiest way to use DFX is to simply turn it on with its standard settings. You will immediately be amazed at the added clarity and punch that your audio player now provides. However, users can also make fine adjustments to any of the following effects:

Harmonic Fidelity Restoration

Adding Fidelity to your audio eliminates the "muffled" sound that is an artifact of the data compression algorithms used in Internet audio formats. DFX compensates for this loss of high frequency fidelity by carefully regenerating the missing high frequency harmonics in the audio. This harmonic restoration is performed using patent-pending technology that carefully synthesizes high frequency harmonics to replace the harmonics lost during the encoding process.

Ambience, Stereo Imaging

Adding Ambience to your audio compensates for the lost or diminished stereo depth that is the result of closely located speakers, poor listening environments, and sonic losses due to data compression of Internet audio formats. DFX compensates for the reduced stereo imaging and depth of PC audio by carefully regenerating the ambience and stereo depth. This same ambience processing has been used by Grammy winning engineers of artists such as Alanis Morissette and Ella Fitzgerald.

3D Surround Sound

Using the 3D Surround Sound component adds amazing depth and body to your audio, compensating for monitoring limitations and sonic losses due to data compression. With 3D Surround processing the sounds will surround you, virtually putting you inside the music! 3D Surround enhances the sound played on conventional 2-speaker systems and makes even small PC speaker systems sound larger and richer. It is also fully compatible with Surround Sound playback systems.
HyperBass

Using the HyperBass component adds deep, rich bass sound to your audio by compensating for the bass limitations of almost all PC-based audio systems and data-compressed audio formats. DFX does this by carefully regenerating the low frequency harmonics, thus increasing the perceived bass, but without exceeding the speakers physical limits, adding or changing speakers or amplifiers, and without increased power consumption. HyperBass greatly improves the bass performance of any sound system.

Dynamic Gain Boosting

Adding Dynamic Boost increases the perceived loudness of your audio while minimizing distortion levels, particularly when using Internet audio systems. By adding Dynamic Gain Boosting, your playback system will sound twice as loud without losing any punch on loud passages.

Typical PC-based multimedia playback systems and even home stereo playback systems suffer from limited dynamic range and headroom. Dynamic Boost compensates for this limited headroom by carefully processing the audio to increase the perceived loudness of the audio without altering the perceived dynamic range.

