Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Free Bird" is a song by the American southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. It was first featured on the band's debut album (pronounced 'lĕh-'nérd 'skin-'nérd) in 1973, and has been included on subsequent albums released by the band.

Released as a single in late 1974, "Free Bird" became the band's second Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1975, where it peaked at #19. A live version of the song also reached the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1977, peaking at #38. Free Bird also achieved the #3 spot on Guitar World's 100 Greatest Guitar Solos.

It is used as a finale by Lynyrd Skynyrd during their live performances, and it is their longest song, often going well over 14 minutes when played live.

"Free Bird" is included in such lists as The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll, and Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time (holding spot #191). In 2009 it was named the 26th best hard rock song of all time by VH1. The song — half ballad, half up-tempo guitar solo — quickly became a staple for Lynyrd Skynyrd at their live performances. Many recognize its nearly five-minute triple guitar solo section that closes it out. It often turned into an extended jam session at concerts. The band would consistently play it as the last song of every show, as it was their biggest crowd pleaser.

It has become a popular culture cliché for the audience in many concerts to shout "Free Bird" as a request to hear the song, regardless of the performer or style of music.

This phenomenon began earlier in the 1970s with The Allman Brothers Band's epic "Whipping Post", but then took off to a much greater extent with "Free Bird", very popular by 1979. This can be traced back to Skynyrd's first live album, 1976's One More From The Road. Skynyrd did not play the song during the main portion of the concert, or even in the encore performance. Instead they saved it for their second encore. After leaving the stage following the first encore of the concert, the crowd was riled by the apparent omission of Skynyrd's signature song. The crowd then began chanting "Free Bird, Free Bird ...". No one left the auditorium. The band then returned to the stage for a second encore and upon taking the microphone Van Zant asked the crowd, "What song is it you wanna hear?", which was immediately followed by several more shouts of "Free Bird". This interaction is recorded as an intro to the song on the album, and the band responded with a 14-minute version of the song.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/