Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Contemporary Christian singer Michael W. Smith responded to the devastation in Haiti the best way he knew how: by writing a song he hopes will motivate listeners to offer a hand — or a dollar.

Smith, with Cindy Morgan and David Mullen, wrote “Come Together Now” on January 15, spurred by the 7.0 earthquake that ravaged the island nation on January 12. Proceeds from the sale of the song are to be donated to Haiti relief efforts. (The song will be made available digitally, but details for sale and distribution have yet to be finalized.)

By Wednesday night, the plan had grown to include more than 100 Christian and country artists. The Oak Ridge Boys, Point of Grace, Casting Crowns, Steven Curtis Chapman, Lee Greenwood, Brandon Heath, TobyMac, Wynonna, Matt Maher and a host of others poured into Belmont’s Ocean Way Studios to sing with Smith.

“We’re just trying to do our part to come to the aid of this poor nation that so desperately needs our help,” Smith said. “Obviously, it all started with a song, and I thought it might be a draw if we all sang it together. It’s just miraculous it’s all come together in 11 days.”

Michael W. Smith (born October 7, 1957) is a Grammy Award-winning American singer-songwriter, musician, recording artist, composer, and actor. He is one of the best-selling and most influential artists in contemporary Christian music, and he has achieved considerable success in the mainstream music industry as well. Smith is a three-time Grammy Award winner, and he has earned 40 Dove Awards. Over the course of his career, he has sold more than 13 million albums and recorded 29 number-one hit songs, fourteen gold albums, and five platinum albums. Smith is an American Music Award recipient; he was also named one of People magazine's "Most Beautiful People".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/
