Yes - Time and a Word [2003 Rhino Remaster]


Bob Eichler ponders at Ground and Sky:
Although this was only the band's second album, it would be their last with guitarist Peter Banks, who was unceremoniously dumped shortly after this disc's release. To add insult to injury, the band photo on the [US] album cover features Steve Howe despite his not playing a lick of the music.

Listening to the album, the writing was pretty much on the wall for Banks; his guitar parts are few and far between, and when they do appear they're usually buried in the mix and overwhelmed by Squire's thunderous bass or the orchestral backing tracks that the band experimented with on this album. The orchestration works well on some tracks, such as the grand, sweeping majesty of "No Opportunity Necessary". But there are some songs that it just can't save, such as Anderson's sappy little ditty "Clear Days".

Apart from the orchestration, this album sounds much closer to the band's first effort than to their later prog masterpieces, although they were making strides in the right direction. "Then" and "The Prophet" are fairly solid numbers, and I consider "Astral Traveller" to be the band's first really proggy song. One would think from the title (and the era it was released) that "Traveller" would be pure psychedelia, but it has a lot of progressive rock touches to it -- sudden changes of style, a long instrumental section, a complex arrangement (even a couple fugue-like bits), the rhythm section playing tight little runs, flashy solos, etc. The highlight song of the "Peter Banks era" as far as I'm concerned.

If you're one of those Yes fans whose collection starts with The Yes Album, you might want to consider giving those first two "lost" Yes albums a try. You might be surprised.

The tracks:
01. No Opportunity Necessary, No Experience Needed
02. Then
03. Everydays
04. Sweet Dreams
05. The Prophet
06. Clear Days
07. Astral Traveller
08. Time and a Word
Bonus tracks:
09. Dear Father
10. No Opportunity Necessary, No Experience Needed [Original Mix]
11. Sweet Dreams [Original Mix]
12. The Prophet [Single Version]

The musicians:
Jon Anderson (written as "John Anderson" on the original LP) - vocals, percussion
Peter Banks - electric and acoustic guitars, vocals
Tony Kaye - piano, organ
Chris Squire - bass, vocals
Bill Bruford - drums, percussion
with:
David Foster - acoustic guitars on "Time and a Word"


Recorded at Advision Studios, London, England, between November 1969 and January 1970.
Released on 2 November 1970.
Orchestral arrangements by Tony Cox.
Produced by Tony Colton.
Engineered by Eddie Offord.
This remastered and expanded edition released in January 2003.
Label: Elektra/Rhino.
Genre: Progressive Rock.


Ripped with EAC in Secure mode, Test & Copy.
Encoded with FLAC Frontend at level 8, with full tagging.
Includes full artwork, EAC CUE and LOG files, AudioChecker log, and NFO file.

Be fair & share!

