Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!

The Golden Spike is the debut album by English band Sky Larkin, released on 2 February 2009.

Track listing

# 	Title 
	
1. 	"Fossil, I"   	 
2. 	"Pica"   	 
3. 	"Molten"   	 
4. 	"Antibodies"   	 
5. 	"Octopus"   	 
6. 	"Somersault"   	 
7. 	"Beeline"   	 
8. 	"One of Two"   	 
9. 	"Matador"   	 
10. 	"Geography"   	 
11. 	"Summit"   	 
12. 	"Keep Sakes"  

Sky Larkin are Katie Harkin (vocals and guitar), Doug Adams (bass) and Nestor Matthews (drums).
Formed in Leeds, Yorkshire, Sky Larkin began life with long time friends and school mates Katie and Nestor rehearsing in bedrooms and garages before adding Doug to their ranks. From then on, their ascent has been rapid and exhilarating.

Refusing to be musically pigeonholed or viewed as a provincial concern, there’s a timeless, international scope to their music, echoing the likes of The Breeders, Violent Femmes, Yeah Yeah Yeahs and more. To compare Sky Larkin directly to any singular band or record however, would be doing the trio a grave injustice.

Certainly this non-UK centric outlook is why it makes perfect sense that the band chose to spread their wings and record their debut album as far afield from the UK as Seattle, Washington. Honed by the skills of neo-legendary producer John Goodmanson (Sleater Kinney, Death Cab for Cutie, Nada Surf), they’ve created an ageless record that is punchy and razor sharp yet layered, intriguing and complex.

Much of the credit for this can be put down to the fascinating stories and similes that surround the record. Full of oblique references, lyrical twists and heart-bursting couplets, it’s an engrossing and compelling listen. Sonically married to sharp guitars, crushing rhythms and soaring choruses it all comes together to create an undeniably fantastic LP of dense and rewarding pop songs.	


Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!Support the Band!