File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:09

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 3812 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.06 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Speechless" is a song by American recording artist Ciara. The song was written by Ciara, The-Dream, and Tricky Stewart, with the latter two producing the song as well. Taken from her upcoming fourth studio album Basic Instinct, the song serves as the second single from the album. It was released in the United States as a digital download on September 7, 2010. The album version of the song features The-Dream, however, he only has backing vocals on the single version.

The video was directed in Los Angeles, California on September 10, 2010 by Colin Tilley. It premiered via the Vevo network on September 29, 2010.

The video begins with a black sillouette of Ciara which resembles the single cover artwork, and is a recurrring image used throughout the video. It crosses between this and another scene where Ciara is dressed in a short t-shirt which reveals her abs and jeans. She moves rhythmically to the music. In the video's third scene she is braced against a stone wall where she grinds to the beat of the song. This last scene is the only one shot in color.

In September 2009, Tricky Stewart, confirmed via Rap-Up that he and The-Dream  had spent the entire summer with Ciara working on her upcoming fourth studio album. He also named "Speechless" as one of two songs he hoped would appear on the album. The album version of the song leaked in March 2010, featuring vocals from The-Dream. However, following the release of its single cover on August 18, 2010, it was confirmed that the single version would feature only Ciara.

Basic Instinct is the upcoming fourth studio album by American R&B singer Ciara. After numerous pushbacks and delays, the album will now be available from November 26, 2010. The album was executively produced by the singer alongside production and writing duo Tricky Stewart and The-Dream who worked with artist on her 2009 album Fantasy Ride.

The album was preceded by the release of the Ludacris-assisted lead single "Ride", which was released as a digital download on April 26, 2010.

Ciara Princess Harris (born October 25, 1985), who performs under the mononym Ciara, is an American recording artist, dancer, actress, and fashion model. Born in Austin, Texas, she traveled around the world during her childhood, only to land in Atlanta, Georgia where she met music producer, Jazze Pha. With his help, she was signed to LaFace Records, and went on to become a successful artist, selling more than seven million albums worldwide and having numerous top ten hits.

Ciara made her debut with the hit "Goodies", which reached number one in the United States, United Kingdom, and Canada. Her debut album, Goodies, followed and became a success, selling over five million copies worldwide. The album also produced two other hits: her second number one in Canada, "1, 2 Step", and "Oh". She released her second album, Ciara: The Evolution, two years later in 2006; and it spawned the hit "Like a Boy" and US hits "Get Up" and "Promise". The album was another success, selling over two million copies worldwide. Ciara released her third album, Fantasy Ride, which featured the hit "Love Sex Magic", in 2009. Ciara's fourth studio album titled, Basic Instinct is scheduled for release on October 5, 2010 and sees the singer return to her urban roots, and is preceded by the lead single, "Ride", which was released on April 26, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/