Hells Gate the PC game is a new computer video game that was made by SunsoftCorporation.com and I hacked it and play it and I think this game rocks and kicks ass. The game is an awesome demon shoot em' up game with lots of weapons to fight hells demons with. Lots of fun to play. This game is a must have for the action packed gamer like me.

Oh' and don't worry the file is 100% clean I don't fuck people over like most out there always do. I have been there myself trust me it sucks. So don't worry I'm not a prick like the other ass holes that are like that.

As for hacking the game hells gate. I hacked the key for it so you will not need to use the key to install the game. I also unlocked some parts of the game as best as I could for the weapons.

If you have a P4 3+Ghz CPU and a kick ass video card like a Nvidia GT G-Force, Radeon video card or equivalent (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED) for the best game play. If you use anything less then your game will play choppy!.. Oh' and the size of the file is 59.65 MB's I have the file hosted on my ftp and I have like 7 copy's on the site plus me seeding it making it 8 seeds for you guys. So the download will go fast as long as there is not to many people downloading it!. LOL

The game has everything you need to know in it. Like a picture of the in game controls and more with the game file. It works on all these windows platform versions only like Windows XP, Windows NT 4.x, Windows NT 3.x, Windows Millennium, Windows 98, Windows 95, Windows 2003, Windows 2000 and so on but you must have a very good video card to play like I stated before...

In the game hells gate the real demo game you cannot go anywhere and in the demo version
you are stuck in a weapon room full of weapons with no place to go or fight but since I hacked the game that is no longer a demo since I hacked the levels of the game. What I did was hacked the roof off the weapon room and the door now opens too. So you can fight the monsters that jump the walls. I did the best that I could do to hack the player. So you can take all the weapons in the weapon room. In the real demo of hells gate you cannot do any of these things in the demo version of hells gate. Remember it's a hacked demo version of hells gate. I did not make the game the company that did make the game is sunsoftcorporation.com and they took the game down from there site and is no way to download it but here. Unless you rather contact the company for a non-hacked demo copy from there site. That's up to you but there demo version has it where your in a weapon room with no where to go but just in the weapon room. My hacked version is unlocked in 5 ways. 

1.) You don't need the key to install the game. 
2.) I hacked the roof off the weapon room. 
3.) The monsters now attack you thanks to my hacking. 
4.) You can take all the weapons off the shelves again thanks to my hacking..
5.) I hacked the hole level opened and not where you are just in a room with weapons with no where to go. Again thanks to my hacking.

All the things that I hacked you could not do before I hacked it. I opened up the hole board for you people to play. I would like for you to try and hack a demo to almost a full version game. You just try it for yourself, Huh that's a laugh.

So if you have anything bad to say about it or me then don't say nothing I don't wanna hear it, just keep your bad opinions to yourself. However, if you would like to make a good comment or need help then that's cool with me. I am doing this from the kindness of my heart for my friends and for you people and if you cannot say or post anything nice then fuck off.

Enjoy your game!.

Thanks for sharing with others
and please help to seed for others as well.

Thanks,

J-man