Race to Witch Mountain /2009/Retail/Pal/3xsubs

PLOT

In Las Vegas, the regenerated ex-con Jack Bruno works as taxi driver. During an UFO Convention at 

Planet Hollywood, the skeptical Jack picks up Dr. Alex Friedman, who will present a scientific lecture in 

the event. Then he is pressed by two henchmen of his former boss, the criminal Wolff, that wants to talk 

to him, but Jack does not want to return to the crime life. Jack fights and gets rid of them; out of the blue, 

he finds two teenagers on the backseat of his cab. They tell that they are siblings, Sara and Seth, and 

they need to travel to a location outside Las Vegas in the middle of nowhere. Meanwhile the government 

finds a spacecraft that crashed nearby Las Vegas and is chasing the two aliens; after the investigation of 

the men of Major Henry Burke, they discover that the two siblings are the aliens. Jack Bruno, Sara and 

Seth are chased by Henry Burke's team and by the "Syphon", a killer from outer space that has been 

sent to kill them by the military of their planet that want to invade Earth. Sara and Seth explain that they 

traveled to Earth to collect scientific data of an experiment and save Earth from invasion, but they need to 

return immediately to their planet. Jack teams up with Dr. Alex to retrieve their spacecraft in a secret base 

in the Witch Mountain.  



Verenigde Staten
Avontuur / Science-Fiction
98 minuten

geregisseerd door Andy Fickman
met Dwayne Johnson, Carla Gugino en AnnaSophia Robb

Een UFO-expert probeert met de hulp van een taxichauffeur twee broers en zussen met paranormale 

krachten te redden. Dit, omdat een kwade organisatie de kinderen wil gebruiken voor hun snode 

plannen.


MM :   http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/51469

IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1075417/


INFO

Source: Retail-DVD-5
Formaat: DVD-5
Video: 16:9 PAL
Audio: 5.1 DD Engels
Subs: Nederlands,Engels en Frans
Menu: Ja
Extras: Ja 
Genre : Avontuur, Science Fiction