Here are three movies I wanted to see while I was on the train - I converted them and they are ready to drop on your ipod or iphone to watch - have a great 2010 and check out my site at www.eugeneportfolio.com

Brüno (pronounced as Bruno) is a 2009 British/American mockumentary comedy film directed by Larry Charles. Sacha Baron Cohen, who also produced and co-wrote the movie, stars as the flamboyant gay Austrian fashion journalist Brüno. This film is the third based on characters from Da Ali G Show, following Ali G Indahouse and Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan. A cut version of the film was also released, Bruno: Snipped, running two and a half minutes shorter to meet the demands of 15-17-year-old teenage viewers.

Michael Gerard "Mike" Tyson (born June 30, 1966) is a retired American boxer. He was the undisputed heavyweight champion and remains the youngest man ever to win the WBC, WBA and IBF world heavyweight titles. He won the WBC title at just 20 years, 4 months and 22 days old, after defeating Trevor Berbick by a TKO in the second round. Throughout his career, Tyson became well-known for his ferocious and intimidating boxing style as well as his controversial behavior both inside and outside the ring.

"Something, Something, Something, Dark Side" is an hour-long episode of the FOX animated series Family Guy and the sequel episode to the Star Wars parody "Blue Harvest". The episode is a retelling and parody of the film, Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, recasting characters from Family Guy into roles from the film. It was originally scheduled to air as the seventh season finale,[1] but was pushed back to season eight. The episode was released on DVD and Blu-ray on December 22, 2009 in Region 1, on December 26, 2009 in Region 2, and on December 23, 2009 in Region 4.
The episode, written by Kirker Butler and directed by "Blue Harvest" director Dominic Polcino, received high praise from critics for its accurate depiction of the original film, as well as its inclusion of many cultural references.
The episode also featured guest performances by H. Jon Benjamin, John Bunnell, James Caan, Jackson Douglas, Joe Flaherty, James Greene, Phil LaMarr, Kevin Michael Richardson, George Rogan and James Woods, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series.