Hi there...

Just thought I'd throw in a little extra in the Bible Series, while waiting for "Joseph" to arrive, and this time it's poor Jacob, the one who later became Israel, from which the tribes of Israel come.. By the flesh that is..
I will, as usual with these films, leave the word to a "critic". But it's not the critic who decides whether or not you like a film.. :-)
Some people I know, thinks this is the best film along with "Abraham". But it's not really any concern to us, is it? I mean what other people think? Unless they point out total errors in the movies, of course. The film about "Jesus" in this series is a horrible example. But now they've "replaced it" with "the Gospel of John", so.. :-)

Mr. Stephen Kennedy thinks:

"The story of Jacob from the Bible is fairly faithfully retold in no-nonsense terms in this movie directed by Sir Peter Hall.
Matthew Modine plays Jacob, Sean Bean is his brother Esau whose inheritance and blessing he steals. He leaves to avoid his brother's wrath and to seek a wife from Laban. He ends up with more than he bargained for - two wifes and 14 years later, he returns home to face his brother.

Hall was better known for his theater work - this makes for strong adherence to the source material, but not the most gripping cinematic experience. Having said that, the acting is fine, especially from the women. Lara Flynn Boyle makes an early appearance here as Rachel, Jacob's true love. The rest of the cast has some fine character actors such as Irene Papas and Joss Ackland as Rebekah and Isaac, and the prolific Giancarlo Giannini as Laban. The class extends to the music, written by Ennio Morricone. The central role of Jacob is thin however, Modine failing to exhibit the charisma, inner strength and spiritual life it must be assumed Jacob had.

Sensibly, periods we know little to nothing about are skipped, and the story focuses on the classic elements we know from the Bible. Moments which could be over the top such as wrestling with the angel and Jacob's Ladder, are told or shown in a down to earth way which is appropriate.

The fine acting, authentic feel and appropriate music all make this the best it could be, but cannot hide the fact that this is not the most cinematic story. If you have an interest in the Bible, you will get something out of this, if you are looking for an exciting or enthralling movie, maybe this is not your best starting place. Would have been 4 stars except for Matthew Modine's lack of conviction in the role."

With that being said, that's been said. Now it's up to you to judge if he's right..
Enjoy! :-)

Love from Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."