Clean Scene Releases    http://bitxtre.me/

This "scene" release has "rar files", thats how they are uploaded to "top sites" if and when a "scene group" upload to those top sites the files that are originally "spread" to other "top sites" aka "affill sites" can and do make there way to p2p (like here on TPB). These "rar" "files" are the safest way to download from public trackers especially if there is a "sfv" and an "nfo" file included as that indicates the release is good, while i understand that "rar" files double the hard drive space needed to unpack and of course seed is not an option for some of you guys, but safety is the way to go in my opinion, anyways all the words i have quoted "quote" please google them , then you will be better informed.


If You need more help understanding the scene Google it :) 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   nfo






Complete name : The.Walking.Dead.S01E01.PREAiR.WEBRiP.x264-P2P.mkv
Format : Matroska
File size : 365 MB
Duration : 1h 7mn
Overall bit rate : 754 Kbps

Episode 1: Days Gone Bye
A group of survivors led by police officer Rick Grimes travel in search of a safe and secure home after a zombie apocalyse.

The Walking Dead tells the story of the months and years that follow after a zombie apocalypse. It follows a group of survivors, led by police officer Rick Grimes, who travel in search of a safe and secure home.

The comic goes on to explore the challenges of life in a world overrun by zombies who take a toll on the survivors, and sometimes the interpersonal conflicts present a greater danger to their continuing survival than the zombies that roam the country. Over time, the characters are changed by the constant exposure to death and some grow willing to do anything to survive.

Uploaders note: I've been reading about how this release may be OOS and slightly poor quality. Take it or wait til it airs in 10 days. Your choice. Complaining about the quality won't be tolerated as you have been forewarned ! 