 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51kgqAisRuL._SS400_.jpg


Title: Johnny Horton's Greatest Hits
Artist: Johnny Horton
Audio CD (October 25, 1990) 
Original Release Date: 1961
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Country/Folk
Format: flac


Track Listing:

01. North to Alaska
02. Whispering Pines
03. Johnny Reb
04. The Mansion You Stole
05. I'm Ready, If You're Willing 
06. When It's Spring Time in Alaska (It's Forty Below)
07. Honky-Tonk Man
08. The Battle of New Orleans
09. All For the Love of a Girl
10. Sink the Bismarck
11. Comanche (The Brave Horse)
12. Jim Bridger
13. Johnny Freedom ("Freedomland") 


Amazon Review:
While Louisiana Hayride star Johnny Horton's 1956 Top 10 debut "Honky Tonk Man" strode the line between rockabilly and honky-tonk minimalism, he found his niche in 1959 with a short-lived phenomenon known as the saga song: newly penned tunes, based on or inspired by historical events. The song that rendered Horton immortal? A rousing rendition of folksinger Jimmie Driftwood's War of 1812 number "The Battle of New Orleans," which topped both the country and pop charts for weeks. Riding a winner, Horton kept the momentum going with the Civil War-themed "Johnny Reb," and "Sink the Bismarck," based on a World War II naval battle. He died in a Texas car crash in early November 1960, days before his next single, "North to Alaska" (from the John Wayne film of the same name), hit the charts. While saga tunes understandably dominate this collection, it also includes "Honky Tonk Man" and the ballads "Whispering Pines" and "The Mansion You Stole." There's no better introduction to Horton's seminal recordings.


Allmusic Review:
Even though he also cut a slew of country ballads and honky tonk tunes, Horton's fame rests with these folk saga songs. After spending the majority of the '50s reworking the classic sound of Hank Williams, Lefty Frizzell, and Webb Pierce, Horton scored with country shuffle cuts like "Honky Tonk Man." It wasn't until 1958, though, that he broke nationally with several geographical and historical themes like "When It's Springtime in Alaska" and "Johnny Reb." And while other drum, fife, and banjo production numbers like "The Battle of New Orleans" and "Sink the Bismarck" come off well, albeit in small doses, more overwrought cuts like "Johnny Freedom" and "Jim Bridger" find this particular stylistic well running dry. Too bad Horton didn't stick to more simple and emotive historical material like "Comanche" and "Whispering Pines." Unfortunately, this hits collection favors the gratuitous flag-waving fare and even ups the kitsch factor with syrupy, string-laden weepers like "The Mansion You Stole" and "All for the Love of a Girl." Still, a tidy collection of Horton's biggest numbers, and one that includes several cuts not featured on Columbia's more balanced two-disc retrospective. 
 
