Genre: Action
Size: 1.17GB
Language: Japanese
Works with 5.00 m33-6 and GEN D3
You need the .5 BBS patch in the root of your mem stick.

Controls:
Analog Stick: Movement
Dpad: Camera
X= Jump
Square= Attack
Triangle=Presumably Heavy Attack
Circle= Dash
L = Lock on+Reset camera (like in MH)
R=Changes Sword to gun
Select= Open item menu
etc etc, test it out yourselves, you might find stuff i definitely left out.

You can use UMDGen 4 to compile as a cso to save some space, but read would be a little bit slower.

Japanese game so circle is confirm, X is cancel.

To get started.
Highlight New Game, press Circle
4 Choices here:
Name/Codename/Sex/Next
Choose Name(Press select to toggle between hiragana/katakana/english(roman letters)/numbers)
Choose Codename (only roman letters/numbers allowed)
Then you create your character:
Options are:
Hair Style
Hair Color
Face
Skin
Tops (Shirts and whatnot)
Bottoms (Pants)
Voice (Triangle to hear a sample)
Confirm

Then comes a Yes/No option. Left is yes, right is no.
Choose yes, then save.

You can skip cutscenes with "Start"
Once you get control of your character talk to the woman in white.
(Choose the second option)
Then go upstairs and to the far right you'll see an elevator (looks like a fence). Press Circle on it, and choose the fourth option.
You'll appear in another place, go straight ahear (Press up)/ Cutscene
You'll then appear in your room, get out (exit is in the south end/down) You'll appear in a place similar to the place before the cutscene with the guy, go back to the elevator. Choose the first option, then go downstairs and talk to the lady in white (choose the second option, first one says "durr i dont understand" second is "i got it bro")
Talk to the lady behind the counter, Choose second option ("I understand"). Then it will show you a list of two things. First one = missions 1, second is DLC.
So choose the first option. It will then show you a bigger list. First one is a mission and the others are "Tutorial 1"-7.
Choose the first one and you'll see Mission Members. You and some dude. Press on "メンバー決定” and "はい” then go upstairs and go to the elevator(fence like thing in the center) and press Circle.

Congrats, you're going on your first mission, bro. But you'll see cutscene first.

You'll appear in a different map. Now go to the damn monster and kick his ass. Have you watched Bleach? Well, now you get to pretend you are a Shinigami without Bankai hunting Hollows with your dumb friend Renji. Once you kill the monster, a timer will appear (Basically "Going back to village in 120 secs.")
It will then show you another screen (Press Circle for Next and the other button, Square I think, was to "Sell everything"). Then it will show you the quest's result. (I got a SSS rank).
Then another cutscene.
Then prompt to save.

You will then be teleported to the elevator.
You can go talk to the guild sweetheart for more quests. This time Tutorial quests will be listed first. There will be 2 more quests.

And now I go play on my own. If you need help with translations and stuff, post in a forum or something. If you need translation help post a picture of what you want translated and send me the url so I can see it.
Cheers!
Enjoy!