Photographer and filmmaker Larry Clark offers another look at the inner workings of urban youth culture in this comedy drama. Jonathan (Jonathan Velasquez) is a teenaged El Salvadorian refugee living in a primarily Mexican-American and African-American neighborhood in South Central Los Angeles. Jonathan and a handful of fellow Salvadorian émigrés who are his best friends stand out like sore thumbs on the block, due less to their national origin than because they've rejected the hip-hop music and fashion around them in favor of old-school punk, as favored by the Ramones and latter-day Latino bands such as Suicidal Tendencies. Jonathan and his pals Kiko (Francisco Pedrasa), Eddie (Eddie Velasquez), Porky (Usvaldo Panameno), and Spermball (Milton Velasquez) have a group of their own, and Jonathan, a sweet but streetwise kid who has a way with the girls, is the lead singer. Like all good punk rockers, Jonathan and his bandmates are seriously into skateboarding, and one day they hop several busses and make a pilgrimage to a legendary skate spot in Beverly Hills. If the kids felt like outsiders in South Central, they soon discover they're unwelcome outcasts in the moneyed L.A. suburbs; before long they're on the run from cops as well as Anglo skaters, and even Jonathan's chance assignation with a neighborhood sexpot leads to no small share of drama. Wassup Rockers received its world premiere at the 2005 Toronto Film Festival. ~ Mark Deming, All Movie Guide

Warning:  This product is intended for mature audiences only. It may contain violence, sexual content, drug abuse and/or strong language. You must be 17 or older to purchase it. By ordering this item you are certifying that you are at least 17 years of age.


Theatrical Feature Running Time: 100 mins 
Complete Cast:
Jonathan Velasquez - Jonathan
Milton Velasquez - Milton/Spermball
Eddie Velasquez - Eddie
Carlos Ramirez - Carlos
Iris Zelaya
Laura Cellner
Francisco Pedrasa - Kico
Usvaldo Panameno - Porky
Luis Rojas Salgado - Louie
Janice Dickinson
Ashley Maldonado
Jessica Steinbaum


Director(s):Larry Clark
Writer(s):Larry Clark
Producer(s):Henry Winterstern, Kevin Turen, Larry Clark
Theatrical MPAA Rating: R(Sexual Situations, Adult Situations, Not For Children, Profanity, Violence, Youth Substance Use)
Categories:Drama

Format: DVD
Release Date: 11/21/2006
MPAA Rating: R
Running Time: 100 min
Number of Discs: 1
Language: Eng
SubTitles: Eng/Spa
View special edition featuresView special edition featuresLimited Edition Features:
Director's audio commentary by Larry Clark
English and Spanish subtitles
Additional footage

Blockbuster info link: 
http://www.blockbuster.com/browse/catalog/movieDetails/248268

Enjoy and Seed!

This is an EvilTSAngel Original DVDRip!

Original Menu's and Extra's included!