Dvorak, Antonin

Performed by Trio Of Antonin Dvorak, Frantisek Maly, piano; Daniel Veis, cello and Jiri Hurnik violin

Czech release. Musica Pragensis 0004-2911  DDD
recorded in Moyse´s Hall in Bratislava on the piano Bösendorfer on 10th and 11th October 1992

Piano Trio No. 1 in B flat major, Op. 21 (B.51) 
01  I. Allegro molto 
02  II. Adagio molto e mesto 
03  III. Allegretto scherzando 
04  IV. Finale: Allegro vivace 
     
Piano Trio No. 2 in G minor, Op. 26 (B.56) 
05  I. Allegro moderato 
06  II. Largo 
07  III. Scherzo: Presto 
08  IV. Finale: Allegro non tanto


Czech release. Musica Pragensis MP 0003-2911  DDD
recorded in Moyse´s Hall in Bratislava on the piano Bösendorfer on 1th and 2nd June 1992

Trio for Piano, Violin and Cello No. 3 in F minor, Op. 65
01  I. Allegro ma non troppo
02  II. Allegretto grazioso 
03  III. Poco adagio 
04  IV. Allegro con brio 

Dumky. Piano trio, Op. 90
01  I. Lento maestoso
02  II. Poco adagio 
03  III. Andante 
04  IV. Andante moderato 
05  V. Allegro
06  VI. Lento maestoso 


František Malý's artistic career began in the mid-1960s, when his exceptional talent led to his winning the Chopin, Smetana and Beethoven Piano Competitions, with a special prize for interpretation of Beethoven's works. After finishing his studies at the Brno and Prague Conservatories in 1969, he began his study at the Academy of Music, Drama and Fine Arts in Prague. After graduation in 1976, Mr. Malý continued his musical education as a doctoral student in the arts. He is prize winner of the international piano competitions of Ferruccio Busoni in Bolzano, Italy (1967), Marguerite Long in Paris (1969 and 1973) and Ettore Pozzoli in Seregno, Italy (1974). Apart from his concert activities
as a soloist, he is intensively engaged in chamber music in cooperation with leading Czech musicians. Mr. Malý took part in founding the Antonín Dvořák Trio. He has toured many countries including Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Poland, the former USSR, Belgium, Spain, Austria, Portugal, Canada, and the United States as a solo and chamber musician. Currently, Mr. Malý is a pedagogue at Prague's Academy of Performing Arts. 


Cellist Daniel Veis won first prize at the 1976 Prague Spring Competition and won the silver medal at the 1978 Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow. Born in Prague, he studied there and at the Moscow Conservatory with N. Shakhovskaya. He has performed as a soloist with major orchestras in venues including Avery Fisher Hall and Carnegie Hall, Royal Albert Hall, and Orchard Hall in Tokyo.
His extensive repertoire includes contemporary compositions, and he has recorded works by Dvorak, Brahms, Schumann, Mendelssohn-Bartholdy, Tchaikovsky, Saint-Saens, and Shostakovich. In 1989, he became a guest-soloist of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra. In addition to a solo career, he is a member of the Rosamunde Trio. Veis is a professor of cello and vice-dean at the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague. He frequently gives master classes and serves on juries of international competitions.


Violinist Jiří Hurník graduated from the Ostrava Conservatory where he studied with Professor Krucek. He continued his studies at the Prague Academy of Performing Arts under Professor Václav Snítil. He is a winner of several competitions, including V. Huml's competition in Zagreb, Unisa in Pretoria,
and the Prague Spring competition. His interpretation of contemporary music, particularly that of Czech composer Petr Eben, has been critically acclaimed. In 1988, Mr. Hurník became leader of the Prague Symphony and as soloist with this orchestra he has performed under such esteemed conductors as Libor Pešek, Jean Tortellier, Tadeusz Strugala, Petr Altrichter, and Jiří Bělohlávek. He regularly plays at the Prague Proms, Prague Spring Festival, and the festival Janáček´s May. 