From AllMusic.com:

Artist: Curve
Album: Pubic Fruit
Rating: 4/5
Release Date: October 1992
Label: Anxious/Charisma
Time: 58:31
Type: Single

Pubic Fruit is not a proper follow-up to Curve's debut full-length, instead gathering together three of the band's earlier EP releases that had only been released in the U.K. and adding the previously unavailable 12" version of "Faît Accompli." Despite the album being a compilation of sorts, it holds together quite nicely and provides a good look at the band's work up until its debut release. Much of the material is produced by the band and Steve Osborne, and isn't nearly as dense as Curve's debut, which benefited from their work with Flood. The non-focus tracks of the EPs are every bit the equal of the songs that eventually found their way onto Doppelgänger, with many of them being true gems. "No Escape from Heaven" features a sultry vocal performance by Toni Halliday over a galloping percussive beat and drive-by bursts of guitar. And "Cherry" is the high point of this collection. The song starts out quietly with hushed vocals and subtle keyboards before the drums signal a blast of fuzz guitars and everything crashes into a riveting sound collage. 

01 Ten Little Girls (4:27)
02 I Speak Your Every Word (3:55)
03 Blindfold (4:32)
04 No Escape from Heaven (4:21)
05 Coast Is Clear (4:01)
06 The Colour Hurts (4:35)
07 Frozen (3:59)
08 Zoo (3:51)
09 Clipped (4:14)
10 Die Like a Dog (4:41)
11 Galaxy (3:57)
12 Cherry (5:50)
13 Faît Accompli [Extended Version] (6:24)

-----

From Cuckoo's Nest, The Curve Archive:

CURVE. "PUBIC FRUIT"

"This is not a new CURVE album, this is PUBIC FRUIT, a compilation of the first three British ep's plus the extended
version of FAÎT ACCOMPLI. The running order is the same as the original records, and FAÎT ACCOMPLI was added
because it was never available in the US commercially, also because we love it and thought you might too."

all songs written by Halliday / Garcia. published by Virgin Songs Inc. / Sony Music Publishing UK / Anxious Music ltd.
All rights o/b/o Sony Music Publishing UK / Anxious Music adminstered in the United States by Sony Songs Inc. (BMI).

track 1 produced by Curve, tracks 2 - 4 Produced by Curve & Steve Osborne.
mixed at the church by Alan Moulder assisted by Darren Allison. rap written by JC 001.
tracks 5 - 8 produced by Curve & Steve Osborne. mixed at Swanyard by Alan Moulder assisted by Ronan Tal.
tracks 9 - 12 produced by Curve & Steve Osborne. mixed at The Church by Alan Moulder assisted by Darren Allison.
track 13 produced by Curve & Flood. mixed at The Church by Alan Moulder assisted by Darren Allison.

all tracks recorded at Todal, additional recording at Eastcote Studio, engineered by Ingo Vauk.

design Flat Earth summer 92. management Raymond Coffer
