When it turns to heavy riffs, shredding guitars, the melody of jazz, and the acid passion of fusion powered by extremely technical solos, John Cassio is the man!

H's born in São Paulo though he lives in Rio de Janeiro, an amazing city as well. There goes 22 years he's learning and improving my tecnique of playing guitar, and he has become a many-sidedness musician for playing different styles. He's recorded 6 albums - two of them acoustic albums featuring pianist Alfredo Sertã, another one influenced by Frank Gambale & Allan Holdsworth into fusion music, a duo with the clarinetist Marko Rupe and a partnership on Quarteto Clave's album, totally inclined to the traditional jazz music and brazilian instrumental music - and he's also released the 7th album called "Shred Planet" featuring his pupils/friends playing guitars with him, and this album brings a killer track featuring Eduardo Ardanuy of Dr. Sin on the guitars.

He's a huge ecletic for music, among his fave musicians are Frank Gambale, Paul Gilbert, Allan Holdsworth, Joe Pass, Wes Montgomery, George Van Eps and, of course, his teacher forever Luciano de Castro.

It`s not only about technique. It`s about taste, passion and an incredible talent for music.

Special Guests and Track Listing of the new album 'Shred Planet':
01. Blackbird (with Giovanni Finetti on guitar)
02. Shred Planet (with Eduardo Ardanuy on guitar)
03. Fearsome Night (with Eduardo Capella on guitar)
04. Crossing The Light (with Fabio Caiaffa on guitar)
05. Gasoline (with Tico Fernandes on guitar)
06. Moment (with Daniel Villa Verde on guitar)
07. Morning (with Daniel Villa Verde on guitar)
08. On The Road (with Luiz Aloise on guitar)
09. Once (with Tico Fernandes on guitar)
10. Playing (with Fred Fusaro on guitar)
11. Revenge (with Bruno Ribeiro on guitar)
12. See You Later
13. To A Friend (with Fred Fusaro on guitar)
14. Under Skin (with Giovanni Finetti on guitar)
15. Joke (with Luiz Aloise on guitar)
16. Cosmic Force (with Gustavo Moraes on guitar)

Visit his Official MySpace Website:

Visit the Official MySpace Website for Alfredo Sertã & John Cassio:

Inspirated by: Allan Holdsworth, Frank Gambale, Greg Howe, Yngwie Malmsteen, Pat Metheny, Pat Martino, Joe Pass, Brett Garsed, Eddie Van Halen, John Scofield, Tony MacAlpine, Steve Lukather, Mike Stern, Vinnie Moore, amog others.