Dark Resurrection Vol 1 [HD - Divx - Ita Mp3 - sub Eng][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]





Dark Resurrection Vol.1


Download English Subtitles at this link :



by rdaneel






Nazionalità: Italia
Anno: 2007
Genere: Fantascienza
Regia: Angelo Licata
Sceneggiatura: Angelo Licata
Produzione: Davide Bigazzi
Data di uscita in Italia: 13-06-2007



More information at this link

www.darkresurrection.com


Dark Resurrection is an experimental Non-Profit movie inspired by Star Wars and split into two episodes lasting 60 minutes each. Even if it has been realized with limited means and with a very low budget (approximately 7000 Euro) the LucasFilm itself, after having watched the trailer, defined it “Truly Amazing”. Result of both digital technology and creator’s passion, this project has attracted the attention of the most important italian magazines (Ciak, Jack, XL, Panorama etc etc).

The cast is mainly composed by amateurs, but there are also several professionals who have been attracted by all the rumors generated by the trailer on the web. These professional actors decided to offer their collaboration for free. Between them, we recall: Sergio Muniz, Giorgia Wurth, Enzo Aronica, Riccardo Leto, Fabrizio Rizzolo. The narrating voice is from Claudio Sorrentino, the Italian voice of Mel Gibson and John Travolta. The National Premiere of Dark Resurrection Vol. 1 took place at the Ariston Theater in Sanremo, the 7th of June 2007. The event has also been a celebration for the 30th Anniversary of Star Wars: the theater was full house with 1800 spectators, the 501st Legion – ITALICA GARRISON and many special guests (such as Fausto Brizzi, Adriano Pintaldi and Walter Vacchino) were present. The show was introduced by R2-D2 and C3-P0, hosted by Giorgia Wurth and Fabrizio Rizzolo and ended after the screening of the backstage with all the cast presented on the stage.

PLOT: An ancient prophecy leads the powerful Jedi Master Sorran to start an obsessive quest for Eron, a legendary place able to give infinite knowledge to the one who will open its seal. Because of his obsession, many apprentices die and Sorran is repudiated and apparently killed by the leaders of his own council. After many years, he reappears as if he had learned a secret to deceive death, and he manage to find out Eron’s location with the help of a young apprentice and of the reinvigorated Imperial Forces. Master Zui Mar and the young Hope, upon which a terrible secret waft, are dispatched on Eron to stop Sorran. The Council, however, decides to not reveal them the terrible destiny they are running into......

All costumes are self-made, realized by hand. All the seamstresses and the dressmakers are from the staff. There are a few important exceptions: Admiral Zail’s and Imperial Officers’ uniforms have been offered by Amedeo Tecchio and Stefania Zeni. Aron’s costume (Enzo Aronica) has been realized by “Stoker Costumi” . R2-D2, the droid that appears in the movie, which is the only conjunction with the original saga, it’s a life-sized and fully functioning model realized by Amedeo Tecchio. Light Saber’s hilts have been realized with a lathe from a block of aluminium. Some of them, as the Hope’s one, can be fully disassembled. For Hope’s hilt, all the internal components have been realized and used for the opening sequence which finally shows the
construction of a light saber. The hilts of Sorran and Zui Mar are made by Piero Bockos while the other weapons have been realized in the US by “Rlsa Sabers”.

The extremely low budget didn’t allow the realization of real sets. All the indoor settings have been realized in 3d graphics: the shooting were carried out with the use of a greenback and after were elaborated and mixed with images created and animated by a computer. Outdoor scenes have been shot in some particular locations on the west coast of Liguria, but all the scenes have required significant modifications with a computer to remove disturbing objects from the shots and add both 3d elements (such as architectural compound and spacecrafts) and compositing elements (dust, fog, smoke, clouds, volumetric lights). Some of the locations are the Roman Theater and the Calandre Beach in Ventimiglia, Mount Bignone in Sanremo.




- Rip Specifications -

Dimensione........: 953,442,496 byte
Durata............: 1:00:54

Video Codec.......: DivX 5.x/6.x
Video Bitrate.....: 1889
Risoluzione.......: 1024 x 576
FPS (Frames/sec)..: 25.000
QF (Frame quality): 0.128

Audio Codec.......: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
Audio Bitrate.....: 192 CBR
Canali audio......: 2
Freq Audio........: 48000




Visit http://www.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/
