Album by Elvis Presley


Suspicious Minds - The Memphis 1969 Anthology 2 CD

Disc 1: Wearin' That Loved On Look - Only The Strong Survive - I'll Hold You In My Heart - Long Black Limousine - It Keeps Right On-A-Hurtin' - I'm Movin' On - Power Of My Love - Gentle On My Mind - After Loving You - True Love Travels On A Gravel Road - Any Day Now - In The Ghetto - Mama Liked The Roses - Suspicious Minds - You'll Think Of Me - Don't Cry Daddy - The Fair's Moving On - Kentucky Rain - Stranger In My Own Home Town - Without Love 

Disc 2: This Time / I Can't Stop Loving You - After Loving You (Alternate) - Without Love (Alternate) - I'm Movin' On (Alternate) - From A Jack To A King - It Keeps Right On-A-Hurtin' (Alternate) - True Love Travels On A Gravel Road (Alternate) - Power Of My Love (Alternate)- You'll Think Of Me (Alternate) - If I'm A Fool - Do You Know Who I Am - A Little Bit Of Green - And The Grass Won't Pay No Mind - This Is The Story - I'll Be There - Hey Jude - Rubberneckin' - Poor Man's Gold (Incomplete) - Inherit The Wind - My Little Friend - Who Am I? - Kentucky Rain (Alternate) - Suspicious Minds (Alternate) - In The Ghetto (Alternate)


Sony have now confirmed to us a change in the tracklisting / format for the From Elvis In Memphis : 40th Anniversary Legacy Edition - 2 CD Set. The set will contain 36 tracks across 2 CDs, including 10 original mono single masters. This release commemorates the 40th Anniversary of Elvis' historic American Studio sessions that resulted in 'Suspicious Minds', 'In the Ghetto' and 'Kentucky Rain' among many others. The recordings have been remastered from the original album masters for optimum sound quality.

Suspicious Minds is the third Elvis Presley double CD in six months focusing on an essential part of Elvis Presley's recordings, following Memories and Elvis at SUN. Together they make for an excellent introduction to Elvis Presley. Suspicious Minds release contains the 33 recordings made by Elvis Presley in Memphis in January and February 1969 at American Sound Studio, 10 alternate takes and 1 incomplete recording. The CD's run for 64:13 and 71:27, thus giving fine value for the money. CD1 contains all of the tracks released on From Elvis In Memphis plus all a- and B-sides of the four singles released from these sessions. CD2 contains the remaining tracks interspersed with alternate takes, one-liners, studio talk and the anticipated, incomplete recording of 'Poor Man's Gold'. Other releases featuring this material have tended to be a bit muddy in the mix, but on this release you get pristine sound with an absolutely clear mix with Elvis' vocal up front and still lots of room for the instruments and the backing vocals.

The packaging is virtually flawless. The cover photo is a little bit different than expected and features an ultra cool shot of Elvis on stage in Las Vegas in august 1969 playing his Gretch guitar. 