How the Jews Betrayed Mankind: Volume I, "The Sumerian Swindle"

                            by G_d


This new book will help you understand the swindling Jew bankers 
and the history of the Jews better than you will find 
anywhere else. It's a 330 page book with color maps and photos,
and tells some secrets about the Jews that have never been
published before now. Please download a free copy before the 
Jews try to ban it.


This is a newly published book that you may offer on your website 
for free. 


How the Jews Betrayed Mankind 
Volume I: The Sumerian Swindle
by G_d


"The Sumerian Swindle" traces the historical creation of a criminal
conspiracy that is the basis of all of the bank frauds, financial
scandles and national debts that are being perpetrated on the modern
world today by the bankers and Jews. And you will learn why the 
theories of Professor Kevin MacDonald are proven to be false.


As the "Sumerian Swindle" proves, the problem with Kevin MacDonald's 
books is that his theory is false. Of course, the Jews think that his 
books have merit because MacDonald posits the theory that the Jews 
are no different than rats or cockroaches who have become rats and 
cockroaches against their will simply through Darwinian Natural 
Selection. MacDonald blames Mother Nature for the fact that the Jews 
are evil swine because he claims that Nature made them that way. So, 
he supports the Jewish fable that the Jews are victims; in this case, 
victims of Nature. "The Sumerian Swindle" proves that the Jews are 
devils through their own efforts and not because Nature 
made them do it. 


In this first Volume, you will find the "21 Secret Frauds" that are
being used to swindle you out of your house, your savings and your
country by these international criminal Jews. These methods were
invented in ancient Sumeria and have been a carefully guarded secret
for the past five millenia.


Here for the first time you will find the causes of all modern wars,
financial swindles, and national disasters that are at the roots of 
Judaism. This information is not found in any other book.


In this 330 page book, are found the causes of the problems that 
have plague Mankind since the first moneylender loaned out two baskets 
of grain and demanded three in return.



"How the Jews Betrayed Mankind": 
Volume One, "The Sumerian Swindle",
by G_d, 330 pages,
Adobe Acrobat format (.pdf file size 7.4 Mb)


CSN Interview with the author, Banjo_Billy, here: 
http://www.bamboo-delight.com/Newsletter_Archives/CSN_20100712.txt


