Everything - (Ray Winstone - Jan Graveson)(2004)[DvdRip-DivX-English]

Starring

Ray Winstone ... Richard
Jan Graveson ... Naomi
Ed Deedigan ... Ed - Naomi's pimp
Katherine Clisby... Tanya
Lindy Sellars ... Helen - Richard's wife
Lois Winstone ... Anna

General
Complete name : Everything.divx
Format : AVI
Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
File size : 700 MiB
Duration : 1h 31mn
Overall bit rate : 1 071 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP : No
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Codec ID : DX50
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5
Duration : 1h 31mn
Bit rate : 934 Kbps
Width : 640 pixels
Height : 352 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16/9
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.166
Stream size : 610 MiB (87%)
Title : Video
Writing library : DivX 2851

Audio
ID : 1
Format : MPEG Audio
Format version : Version 1
Format profile : Layer 3
Codec ID : 55
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Duration : 1h 31mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits
Stream size : 83.6 MiB (12%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
Title : Audio

IMDB Rating =

6.2/10


Plot

Richard (Ray Winstone), a middle-aged police detective, is short of breath as he climbs the stairs to a prostitute’s parlour in London’s Soho. Naomi (Jan Graveson), the archetypal experienced hooker. She welcomes him and with deft professionalism but becomes immediately apprehensive when he doesn’t seem to be after sex. When he rejects her advances and runs out the door, she assumes he is just a 'first-timer'. Until the next day, when he returns with up-front payment…

Against Naomi’s better judgement, she allows him in just to talk. He asks her all sorts of questions about her life and her trade, to the point of getting too personal and going too far. Naomi cuts him off abruptly, offended by his intrusion, and their session ends with Richard leaving sheepishly.

When Richard returns and forces his way in, Naomi decides to make him work for the answers to his questions. Intrigued by his motivation for visiting yet still convinced that he is there for sex, Naomi imposes bargains and the currency exchanged between them escalates from hard cash to cheques to Monopoly money to clothing. The two form an unlikely friendship around their business arrangement grows into something very unusual.

It turns out that Richard does indeed want something from Naomi and that she can indeed provide it. Just what that something is, is very unexpected…


Review From IMDB

For those of us who continue to wave the flag for British cinema, perennially undermined by poor scripts or craven overtures to the States, maintaining such respect is very often like trying to love a puppy that keeps crapping on the duvet. So it's a joy when you stumble across a no-budget homegrown sporting great writing, even better performances – and which doesn't compromise to anyone. Winstone is the mystery john who visits Naomi the prostitute (a terrific debut from Graveson) over 9 consecutive days (the film was shot in 9 days too), without once soliciting sex. He just wants to talk; to find out why she does what she does. On the penultimate day, he even brings a Monopoly set round. If the climax doesn't come as a surprise exactly, the emotional impact remains intact, aided by heartfelt, beautifully understated performances from the cast, including Winstone's real-life daughter. See it.