FIFA Soccer 2005 for the Ps2                                        Rel. 10/12/2004


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Online:        Yes (DNAS Patched)
Genre.:        Sports, Soccer
Rating:        E (Everyone)
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

Released only a few months after Euro 2004, FIFA 2005 brings several features to the franchise, such as the return of a player creation tool, where a player can be created from scratch from customizing the face (while it's not possible to define the texture like in previous EA Sports games such as NHL 2000, the player can customize the facial features such as shape of the eyes or the cheeks, in a way similar to RPGs such as Neverwinter Nights), accessories and playing abilities. It's also possible to create all kinds of competitions. The Career mode was also extended, allowing now up to 15 seasons, and giving the player the chance to turn the tide of a simulated match anytime. This mode is a "light" managerial mode, where the player not only plays, but also signs new players and increase the clubs abilities in trainers, medical staff and other club staff).

The main gameplay change was the addition of "First Touch" controls. By performing one of the "trick" moves before the player gets possession of the ball it's possible to do a number of moves, such as touching the ball forward to gain a few yards ahead of the defenders or touch the ball to one side, and roll to the other of a rushing defender, and then pickup up the ball a bit ahead leaving the opponent stranded, and the inclusion of a fake shot move, which allows forwards to sit a goalkeeper before scoring in style or make defenders jump from their positions, opening room for a through pass or a run into goal. Other aspects of the game, such as the "Off The Ball" controls (allows the control of players that aren't in possession, moving them into an open position) remain unchanged.

Another new feature is the FIFA Shop, where the player can trade points earned in many ways, from simple tasks like having a peek at the Jukebox to obtaining 10 victories in a row in Career mode, for several items, such as third jerseys, additional music, more balls and night stadiums.

As it became the norm with the series, the game features 18 leagues and 38 national teams (some of these, due to licensing problems feature only generic kits and logos), summing up around 11'000 real footballers.


Features:

* A Great Player Has a Great First Touch: A quality first touch—intrinsic to the 
  sport itself—is the essential trait that separates good players from great 
  players on the soccer pitch. Improved button and control sensitivity provides an 
  authentic first touch for users of FIFA Soccer 2005. Using the fluid player 
  kinetic system, soccer’s most important skill has been revamped to give the 
  most responsive and rewarding control system to date.

* Added Gameplay Depth: Off the Ball Control is fine tuned and better than ever in
  FIFA Soccer 2005. Take command of players not in possession of the ball by 
  calling in tackles, jostling for space, and sending your teammates on runs as 
  you control the pitch. Movement on throw-ins has also been added to enhance 
  authenticity.

* The Absolute Broadcast: With new in-game camera angles, smooth cut sequences for
  replays, and improved contrast and lighting for players and stadiums, FIFA 
  Soccer 2005 has the look and feel of an authentic television broadcast 
  experience Add in authentic crowd chants from officially licensed stadiums—both 
  large and small—and FIFA Soccer 2005 offers the most immersive experience 
  available.

* Deeper Career Mode: FIFA Soccer 2005’s deep Career Mode tests your skills both
  on the pitch and in the front office. Build your franchise and guide your club 
  to the Championship.

* The World’s Ultimate Roster: More than 350 official team and league licenses 
  from around the world—including 20 leagues and 40 national teams—and more than 
  12,000 licensed players are available. From the fast pace of Europe’s super 
  leagues to up-and-coming teams in the lower divisions, FIFA Soccer 2005 provides 
  the most authentic selection of the world’s top teams, players, and environments.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		