WWOOF host directory for all of USA.  It is divided by each state and has .rtf, .txt, and .doc for each.


One-half day of volunteer help is traded for food and accommodation, with no money exchanged.  The WWOOF-USA Host Farm Directory lists more than one-thousand organic farms (not necessarily USDA certified organic) and gardens across the country.  The Host Farm profile contains information about the location, general responsibilities,  and lifestyle of the host.  Any farm, community, or garden project in the US that is willing to host and accommodate volunteers can participate in our program.  We encourage all types of volunteers and hosts who can cooperate to strengthen sustainable agriculture worldwide to be a part of WWOOF-USA.  The program is open to anyone 18 years of age or older, regardless of experience.

A WWOOF member contacts the Host Farms to discuss hopes and expectations to form an agreeable arrangement.  WWOOFing is a way to learn practical farming skills, be part of the organic agriculture movement, and experience the heart of American agrarian culture.  

Once you become a WWOOFer by joining the organization, you will receive online access to the Directory of Host Farms.  You can choose to also receive a printed and bound Directory of Host Farms mailed to you.  Next, contact the farms you are interested in visiting to check availability and arrange a stay.  WWOOFers generally volunteer for half a day in exchange for meals, accommodation, and education.  The length of a farm stay is determined by you and the host, and can vary from a few days to a season.  The key to a mutually beneficial experience is lots of clear and open discussion about hopes and expectations before arriving at the farm- we recommend using the telephone to have a conversation. 
WHY WWOOF?
WWOOF offers a rare opportunity for people to share their knowledge and efforts with others from a variety of backgrounds. It relies on trust, respect, and hard work. Read below to determine if WWOOF is right for you. 
Hosts welcome willing WWOOFers onto their property to help get work done with the intention of sharing knowledge and meeting new people while growing food for local communities.
Being a WWOOF host may be right if you:
will provide a safe, comfortable, and welcoming environment for a volunteer
are participating in organic or sustainable activities
have projects and tasks that you could use help with
are interested in sharing your knowledge and daily life with volunteers
One-half day's work on a farm by a WWOOFer is exchanged for food and accommodation from the Host. Your trade agreement can be defined any number of ways: Work hours, days, length of stay, meal arrangements and accommodations vary greatly, and it is each host's and volunteer's joint responsibility to form a clear agreement.
Being a WWOOFer may be appropriate if you:
are a respectful and courteous guest in the homes and on the lands of others
are interested in learning about sustainable and organic farming methods
are willing to work hard on projects and tasks presented to you 