E X T R O A D i N A R Y
                        
                          r E V E R S E
                        
                       E N G i N E E R S
                      
                   S Q U A D
                    
                P D A
                  


                                                                         
        P  R  O  U  D  L  Y       P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S . . .       
                                                                         


            
              Fingertip.Access Ultimate.SMS
            
        
      
       Release Group ........: ErESPDA
  
        Version ..............: v.3.1.1    
   
          Operating System .....: S60v3.SymbianOS9.1
      
         Release Type .........: Unsigned.Cracked
   
         Release Date .........: 09/12/09   
      
             Filename .............: fa024       
        
      Disks ................: 01 disk(s)
 
 
                                                                       
                                  Description                          
                                                                       


        Ultimate SMS satisfies all your SMS sending/receiving needs. It         
        keeps all your SMS messages private and safe on your phone. It          
        schedules automatic SMS sending for you. It filters out unwanted        
        SMS by senders and contents you specify. It notifies you of new         
        incoming SMS using customized alert tones for different phone           
        numbers / contacts of your choice. It also can send encrypted           
        SMS to people in a list of you own. It lets you create template         
        SMS and assign hotkeys to those templates so that you send a            
        predefined SMS by simply pressing some keys on your phone               
        screen. It groups all your messages into conversation thread            
        based on senders and receivers so that you can view messages in         
        context. It also reminds you of unread SMS periodically. It             
        generates monthly SMS usage report for you. It can automatically        
        reply to incoming SMS with your specified message according to          
        your specified time schedules. It also will automatically               
        forward incoming SMS to your specified mobile number based on           
        your specified time schedules.                                          
                                                                                



                                                                       
                                  Installation                         
                                                                       


        Register with any 10 Digit Key.                                         
        & Have phun :)                                                          
                                                                                



                                                                       
                          How to Install Unsigned Apps                 
                                                                       


       Step 1: Make sure you have a file browser installed, it is running
       and nothing else. Do not use the built-in Symbian browser,
       but a program like X-Plore (free version works too).

       Step 2: Send HelloCarbide and installserver.exe to your phone
       (S60v3 Device). Do not open them yet.

       Step 3: Close any programs that may be running on your phone,
       except the file browser.

       Step 4: Install and Run HelloCarbide.sis. Now go to options,
       then to menu1. Keep Pressing the selection key untill it crashes.
       This is normal. You will have access to the system/private folders.

       Step 5: Use the file manager to copy installserver.exe into the
       c:sysbin folder of your phone. This allows you to install
       unsigned apps.

       Now Simply send the Unsigned Releases from ErESPDA to your phone
       and install without any complications. ^_^
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                      
                     - -- --- ----  Group  Info  ---- --- -- -              
                                                                             
                                We are looking for                        
                                                                         
                 - Crackers for all Operating Systems                 
                                                                      
                 - Quality suppliers                                 
                                                                      
                 - Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with       
                                                                        
                 - Anything else you think we might like              
                                                                       
                       e r e s p d a  a t  g m a i l . c o m            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
    
     - ยง  i i -b  -p   K - R  M -t H  -w  R L D -o F -1 3 3