Editorial Reviews
From Library Journal
Although the title clearly states that this program encompasses only the last days of Monroe's life, the listener will quickly notice that it reveals more than that. It is actually an overview of her distressed and enigmatic life and all the events that, in the author's opinion, led to her sudden death. Was it a suicide or a ruthless murder? Wolfe boldly wants to end our doubts and speculations and put the pieces of the puzzle together once and for all. And he does so painstakingly and intelligently, making the account believable and interesting from start to finish. William Atherton and Alyssa Bresnahan's fitting use of their acting skills enhance certain passages and contribute to the authenticity of the well- narrated and easy-to-follow story. There is also an unabridged set available from the same publisher (ISBN 0-7871-1807-9. $30), but owning this version is sufficient because it includes Wolfe's earnest attention to detail. Highly recommended.AMirela Roncevic, "Library Journal"
Copyright 1999 Reed Business Information, Inc.
Product Description
With explosive new revelations concerning the "National Security Matter" that led to the cover-up of her murder, The Last Days of Marilyn Monroe is a page-turning account of one of the most shocking crimes of the century. Donald H. Wolfe meticulously chronicles her final days, names the killer, documents the mode of death, and identifies those who orchestrated the cover-up. The pieces of the puzzle regarding Monroe's mysterious death finally lock in place with the testimony of the remaining two key witnesses who have come forward for the first time.

Assistant District Attorney John Miner, present at the autopsy, reveals his secret interview with Dr. Ralph Greenson, Monroe's psychiatrist. He also explains why Marilyn Monroe was a homicide victim, and why he is calling for a new investigation and the exhumation of her body.

Newly discovered CIA and FBI files document the dark secret in Marilyn's relationship with the Kennedys, the truth behind her break-up with the President, the shocking facts about the star's last weekend at Cal-Neva, and the many bizarre events that took place at Marilyn's home the day she died.

--This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
 
http://www.amazon.com/Last-Days-Marilyn-Monroe/dp/0787118079/ref=sr_1_1?s=gateway&ie=UTF8&qid=1285619945&sr=8-1