Originally formed under a different name during the mid 1990's, Cephalectomy went through several line up and style changes before finally coming together in 1998 as a solid project. Drawing from a variety of extreme styles, including death metal, black metal and grind, the band released their first demo, entitled "Gateway to the Gods",in 1997. At this time, the band's line up consisted of vocalist/guitarist Corey Andrews, bassist Jason Nichols, and drummer Clayton Horne. Horne was soon afterward removed from Cephalectomy due to lack of interest and evil spirit, but the "Gateway" demo generated enough interested to motivate the band to carry .. a fairly unsucessful attempt to add former Spur drummer Chad Mitchell into the mix, they finally decided on becoming a 2 man project and in 1998 self produced their second demo, "Dark Waters Rise". Dark Waters Rise, although suffering from weak production, turned out to be a vast improvement over the previous demo, and met with a fair amount of enthusiasm from listeners. 

Injected with mystical/Lovecraft inspired themes, Cephalectomy's unique style, eventually refered to by some as "Mystigrind" - resulted in their signing to Discorporate Music in 1999. On Sign of Chaos, Cephalectomy's first full length recording, the band continued onward in their persuit of chaos, brutality and necronomic melody. After 4 years, Cephalectomy released their sophomore album "Eclipsing The Dawn", which proved to be above anything the band has produced to date gaining them a bigger audience. After that, a split cd with the band "Bound In Human Flesh" came to follow as a fun project showing Cephalectomy can still grind with the best of them, and brought bass player Mike Mahar into the sickness that is Cephalectomy. In 2008 the band released "The Dream Cycle Mythos", a 23 minute song that is a bit different from anything they'd done before and welcomed a new bass player, Scott Armstrong (ex-Dichotic). Now in 2009, Cephalectomy has released their 3rd Full Length effort "An Epitaph To Tranquility", an album the band feels is a bit "different" from their previous releases but still shares the same Cephalectomy qualities that fans would expect. This release brings an additional vocalist, Peter Mestre, who joined the band after doing guest vocals on their previous release, The Dream Cycle Mythos.


Current line-up 
Corey Andrews - Guitar and Vocals
Jason Nichols - Vocals 
Scott Armstrong - Bass (Dichotic (Can), Entrafis)
Peter Mestre - Vocals (Thy Flesh Consumed)

Genre = Brutal Death Metal / Grind
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
1. The Obliterating Swarm   
2. The Splintered Pupil  
3. A Submergence of Will  
4. The Accumulated Conscious  
5. Feast of the Saints
6. Tide of Substance 
7. For our Fetid Fathers
8. Freedom of the Enlightened  
9. The Urchin Peel  
10. Architect of Abomination
11. The Sons of Tellervo
12. A Loathsome Ceremony  