Source    : CD
Label      : Hed Kandi
Year      : 2010
Genre      : House
Ripper    : HNW
Rip date  : 2010-02-25
Store date : 2010-03-01
Rip tool  : EAC
Encoder    : LAME v3.97
Size      : 221 megs

CD1 Track List

1. Deep Inside - Hardrive
2. Hey Hey - Ferrer, Dennis
3. Cruel Intentions - Simian Mobile Disco
4. Keep On Rising - Carey, Ian & Michelle Shellers
5. All I'm Sayin' (Just Hold On) - Inaya Day & Nick Jay
6. One Love - Guetta, David & Estelle
7. Infatuation - Deelay
8. Break Me Down - One Hundred
9. Shotguns - Polina
10. Reveal - East & Young
11. Tivoli - Angello, Steve
12. Drums Even - Avicii & Sebastien
13. Deep Inside - Penn, David & Rober Gaez
14. Heads Will Roll - Yeah Yeah Yeahs
15. Won't Go Quietly - Example

CD2 Track List

1. Step By Step - Laidback Luke & Gregor Salto/Mavis Acquah
2. My Destiny - Haji, Seamus & Dino Psaras/Rudi
3. Night At The Black - Romero, Harry 'Choo Choo'
4. Enjoy Music - Reboot
5. Who Dares To Believe In Me - Believers (3)
6. Black Cat White Cat - Riva Starr
7. La Mezcia - Cleis, Michel & Toto La Momposina
8. Subida - Hanaghan, Carl & My Digital Enemy
9. Come Get My Lovin' - Gardner, Paul & Hugh Gunnell/Marcella Woods
10. Good Life - Fai, Kim
11. Twisted - De Neef, Tom & Nancy Nanchang
12. Release Yourself (Music Takes You Higher) - Lissat & Voltaxx
13. Joy - Inaya Day & Antoine Dessante
14. More Than A Friend - Reza & Nicole Taylor
15. Walk With Me - Prok & Fitch/Nancy Nangchang

Release Notes

Konnichiwa and welcome to World Series: Tokyo

This release is the latest addition to our location-led roster of the most
glamorous, stylish and cultural destinations of the world. Featuring the
best upfront house from Kandis worldwide underground, were taking you
now on a journey to a cyber-fuelled yet ancient and mystifying city that
constantly outdoes the imagination - the neon metropolis of Tokyo. Hed
Kandi DJs, Dean Rigg and Carl Hanaghan, lay down the mixes over 2 CDs,
each selecting  tracks that define the mood and tone of our Tokyo parties
at the renowned Warehouse702 club. We asked both DJs to discuss their
music selection and heres what they had to say...

Carl Hanaghan (CD2)  Working out my running order was a difficult
affair with so many great records to choose from, however last years ADE
Conference saw one track in particular get its moment in the spotlight,
the Big Room Mix of Step By Step from the Dutch wizards Laidback Luke &
Gregor Salto featuring a luscious top line from Mavis Acquah. Its been
a favourite in my CD wallet for some time now and truly sets the tone
for the mix to come. There has been a resurgence in remixing classic
records of late and there is no better example than Harry Choo Choo
Romeros, Night  The Black. Mr. Romero steps up to re-cut his greatest
piece of work to date and gives it his trademark Bombossa stamp of
approval. Towards the middle part of my mix a true Ibiza classic in
the making surfaces, La Mezcla from Switzerlands deep house producer
Michel Cleis was named the undisputed track of Ibiza 2009, and the 2010
remix from Ant Brooks is an essential DJ weapon Next up I thought I would
touch on my own production which is collaboration with My Digital Enemy,
Subida (in Spanish means Rise) and we wanted to achieve the ultimate
uplifting feel good moments for the dancefloor through this record. I
truly hope you enjoy it. Brighton-based Prok & Fitch, two of the scenes
hottest up and coming producers, wrap up my mix with their track Walk
With Me. It is simply infectious the charm is in the melody, and its
the perfect track to wrap up the compilation.

From the land that brought you true Japanese icons such as Hello Kitty,
Pokmon and Nintendo (to name a few), we have decided to create an icon
of our very own, World Series: Tokyo.