hexagon.cc: http://lossless-audiophiles-anonymous.hexagon.cc/

hexagon.cc: http://ambient.hexagon.cc/

Artist: Tangerine Dream
Album: Legend
Label: Varèse Sarabande
Discogs: http://www.discogs.com/Tangerine-Dream-Legend/release/535956
Catalog#: VSD-5645
Format: CD, Album
Country: US
Released: 1995
Genre: Electronic, Stage & Screen
Style: Soundtrack, Synth-pop, Ambient
Credits: Artwork By [Mia Sara Painting] – Matthew Joseph Peak
Composed By, Performer, Engineer – Tangerine Dream (tracks: 2 to 6, 8 to 11)
Executive Producer – Robert Townson
Producer – Tangerine Dream (tracks: 2 to 11)
Notes: Original score produced and engineered at Tangerine Dream Berlin City Studio.
(P)© 1985 Universal City Studios, Inc.
(P) 1995 Universal City Studios, Inc.
Codec: FLAC

Tracklisting:
1 Is Your Love Strong Enough (5:10)
2 Opening (2:53)
3 Cottage (3:19)
4 Unicorn Theme (3:22)
5 Goblins (3:00)
6 Fairies (2:55)
7 Loved By The Sun (5:56)
8 Blue Room (3:22)
9 The Dance (2:22)
10 Darkness (3:03)
11 The Kitchen / Unicorn Theme Reprise (4:53)

Legend is a soundtrack album released in 1986 by the German band Tangerine Dream for the North American theatrical version of the film Legend, issued a year earlier in Europe. The film was written by William Hjortsberg, produced by Arnon Milchan, directed by Ridley Scott and released domestically by Universal Studios.

After a disappointing test screening with Jerry Goldsmith’s original orchestral score, Scott decided to make changes and improve the film. Sidney Sheinberg, president of MCA (the parent company of Universal at the time) felt that the Goldsmith score would not appeal to the youth and pressed Scott for a new score. Tangerine Dream was contracted to complete a new, more contemporary score—a job they completed in three weeks. Until 2002, only European audiences could see Legend with Goldsmith’s score.

“Loved By The Sun” is a vocal version of “Unicorn Theme” with vocals written and sung by Jon Anderson of Yes. The vocals were added after Tangerine Dream had composed the instrumental music. It was originally recorded with vocals by Susanne Pawlitzki based on William Blake’s poem, “The Angel”, but was rejected in favor of the Jon Anderson version. “Unicorn Theme” has been played live at several concerts in various versions. “Is Your Love Strong Enough?”, played over the end credits, has vocals written and sung by Bryan Ferry with guitar by David Gilmour and bass by Guy Pratt, and is a former out-take of the recording sessions for Avalon, the eighth and last Roxy Music album. All of the other tracks are Tangerine Dream instrumentals. “Is Your Love Strong Enough?” was also released as a 12" single, and included an extended version of the same song and an instrumental, both not available on the “Legend” album.
