Brooks & Dunn - Hillbilly Deluxe - ResourceRG       
 
Brooks & Dunn - Hillbilly Deluxe (EAC FLAC) ResourceRG 

Brooks & Dunn - Hillbilly Deluxe (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs1 /17 files 

Category Rock/Pop, Country, Country Rock, Contemporary Country 
Label Arista 
Orig Year 2005 
All Time Sales Rank 5185 
CD Universe Part number 6917386 
Catalog number 69946 
Discs 1 
Release Date Aug 30, 2005 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Ronnie Dunn; Kix Brooks; Mark Wright; Tom Shapiro; Tony Brown; Bob DiPiero; Ronnie Dunn; Kix Brooks; Mark Wright; Tom Shapiro; Tony Brown 
Engineer Jason Gantt; Jeff Kersey; A.J. Derrick; Steve Marcantonio; Chip Matthews 
Personnel Brent Mason - electric guitar 
Jim Horn - baritone saxophone 
Vince Gill 
Wes Hightower 
Bill Payne - piano 
Shannon Forrest - drums 
Tom Bukovac 
Tony Harrell - piano, keyboards 
Perry Coleman 
Greg Morrow - drums, percussion 

1. Play Something Country 
2. She's About as Lonely as I'm Going to Let Her Get 
3. My Heart's Not a Hotel 
4. Whiskey Do My Talkin' 
5. Hillbilly Deluxe 
6. One More Roll of the Dice 
7. Just Another Neon Night 
8. Believe 
9. Building Bridges 
10. Her West Was Wilder 
11. I May Never Get Over You 
12. She Likes to Get Out of Town 
13. Again 

Thanks to the newfound success of "real" country singers like Gretchen Wilson and Toby Keith, not to mention the neo-outlaw duo Big & Rich, Brooks & Dunn return to their Nashville roots on HILLBILLY DELUXE. After a string of increasingly pop-oriented ... Full Descriptionalbums, the change does them good. The first single, "Play Something Country," could be the best jukebox song since Alan Jackson's early-1990s hit "Don't Rock the Jukebox." From that opening track onwards, Ronnie Dunn and Kix Brooks stick to the basics: broken hearts ("Her West Was Wilder" and "I May Never Get Over You" and broken bottles (on the tough-guy "Whiskey Do My Talkin'" and the celebratory "Just Another Neon Night". They don't abandon their rock flirtations entirely--Sheryl Crow drops by on "Building Bridges," and the stomping title track edges towards Big & Rich territory --but HILLBILLY DELUXE is the most purely country album Brooks & Dunn have released since 1993's HARD WORKIN' MAN, and it's one of their most entertaining ever. 

Audio Mixers: Ronnie Dunn; Jason Gantt; Jeff Kersey; Steve Marcantonio. 

Recording information: Cyber Ranch; Emerald Entertainment's Tracking Room; Lobstar Studio; Ocean Way Nashville Recording Studios; Sound Emporium, Nashville, TN; Starstruck Studios; Talent Shop Studios; The Rukkus Room; The Sound Kitchen, Nashville, TN; Tin Ear. 
 
http://thetracker.org:80/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://www.sumotracker.com/announce  
