The software used for creating the planetary graphics is free. 
http://www.shatters.net/celestia/

This video available for free DL at:

Creative commons licenses applies. Put simply you can whatever you want to it, bar sell it as your own work.


Both Nephilimfree and Shockofgod have managed to get themselves on the front page of Conservapedia multiple times, and in this sense have qualified themselves as Why Do People Laugh at Creationists material.

In many respects we should thank Donexodus2 for stirring up things with his recent 'attempted' debate with Nephilimfree.

Nephilimfree is without a doubt a pioneer of creationist science. He is the avant garde of new creationist thought. Indeed as far as I know, he is the only 'creationist scientist' to be putting new ideas on the table, and shamelessly pimping them as 'Gods truth'. Well that would of course be great if Nephilimfree was not comically scientifically illiterate.
So many time when I watch his videos do I get flash backs of dealing with Venomfangx, and cannot but help feel that after half a dozen videos Nephilim will get the message that every time he says 'science proves', he is in reality doing nothing but prostituting his ignorance.

In this case Nephilimfree seems to have latched onto the single fact that the LCROSS NASA mission found water on the moon.

His creationist mind goes through all the possibilities.... 'Noahs flood had water..... therefore the water on the Moon came from Noahs flood'.... and that would of course be great if that was all we knew. Unfortunately for Nephilimfree, he makes the fatal creationist error that he actually puts some numbers on his model, enough numbers for anyone with the most rudimentary knowledge of physics to be able to laugh at him without fear of reprisal.

All you need to know is
Potential energy = mass x g x height
(where g is the 'gravitational constant'.... its actually a function, but near the surface of the Earth it actually makes a pretty good approximation to a constant.)

and you can comfortably hand him his ass.

Creationists essentially never come up with new ideas, and in this respect Nephilimfree is almost unique... that is at least he is trying. Unfortunately he his batshit insane and scientifically illiterate.

The greater shame is that I had a chat with a guy by the name of 'Truthfulchristian' who cites Nephilimfree as one of his 'scientific sources'. Yeah I know, reach for your preferred metaphor, -the blind leading the blind, or in the land of the blind, the one eyed man is king......

At any rate, Nephilimfree has now not only achieved some level of 'efame' with his little anticlimactic drama moment with Donexodus2, but has repeatedly found favor with Conservapedia:- his efame has now reached the dubious honor of being feature in the WDPLAC series.

If Nephilimfree feels the need to defend his 'Noahs flood is why there are craters on the Moon' hypothesis, next weekend, we will be having another LeagueofReason call in show on blogTV.