Ludwig van Beethoven
SYMPHONY No. 3 (Eroica), in E flat (Op. 55)
The Cleveland Orchestra
George Szell
1957
FLAC

1. Symphony No. 3 in E flat major ('Eroica'), Op. 55: Allegro con brio
2. Symphony No. 3 in E flat major ('Eroica'), Op. 55: Marcia funebre, Adagio assai
3. Symphony No. 3 in E flat major ('Eroica'), Op. 55: Scherzo, Allegro vivace
4. Symphony No. 3 in E flat major ('Eroica'), Op. 55: Finale, Allegro molto

--
SYMPHONY No. 3 (Eroica), in E flat (Op. 55)
Dedicated to Prince Lobkowitz.

*SINFONIA EROICA, composta per festeggiare il sovvenire di un grand' Uomo, e dedicata A Sua Altezza Serenissima il Principe di Lobkowitz da Luigi van Beethoven, Op. 55. No. III. delle Sinfonie.'

Allegro con brio. (E flat.)
Marcia funebre : Adagio assai. (C minor.)
Scherzo and Trio: Allegro vivace. Alia breve. (E flat.)
Finale: Allegro molto, interrupted by Poco Andante, con es pressione, and ending Presto (116^ ). (E flat.)

Score.
2 Drums.
2 Trumpets.
3 Horns.
2 Flutes.
2 Oboes.
2 Clarinets.
2 Bassoons.
1st and 2nd Violins.
Viola.
Violoncello e Basso.

--

"I am not satisfied with my works up to the present time.  From to-day I mean to take a new road." - Ludwig van Beethoven in letter to Jean-Baptiste Krumpholz, 1802.

A special interest will always attach to the Eroica apart from its own merits, in the fact that it is Beethoven's first Symphony on the ' new road ' which he announced to Krumpholz in 1802. ' I am not satisfied,' said he, * with my works up to the present time. From to-day I mean to take a new road. This was after the completion of the Sonata in D (Op. 28), in 1801.* Great as is the advance in the three Piano Sonatas of Op. 31, especially that in D minor, and in the three Violin Sonatas of Op. 80, especially that in C minor, over their predecessors, it must be confessed that the leap from Symphony No. 2 to the Eroica is still greater.
The Symphonies in and D, with all their breadth and spirit, belong to the school of Mozart and Haydn. True, in the Minuet of the one and the Coda to the Finale of the other, as we have endeavoured to show, there are distinct invasions of Beethoven's individuality, giving glimpses into the new world. But these are only glimpses, and as a whole the two earlier Symphonies belong to ihe old order. The Eroica first shows us the methods which were so completely to revolutionize that department of music — the continuous and organic mode of connecting the second subject with the first, the introduction of episodes into the working-out, the extraordinary importance of the Coda. These in the first movement. In the second there is the title of 'March,' a distinct innovation on previous custom. In the third there is the title of * Scherzo,' here used in the Symphonies for the first time, and also there are the breadth and proportions of the piece, hitherto the smallest of the four, but now raised to a level with the others; and in the Finale, the daring and romance which pervade the movement under so much strictness of form. All these are steps in Beethoven's advance of the Symphony; and, as the earliest example of these things, the Eroica will always have a great historical claim to distinction, entirely apart from the nobility and beauty of its strains.

Beethoven and His Nine Symphonies - George Grove 
http://www.archive.org/download/beethovenhisnine00grov/beethovenhisnine00grov.pdf


Thank you.  enjoy!

Comments:  weeweehours@gmail.com

Share ratio of two or higher requested.


