* Hello nice MOVIES fans ...


* Watch this nice fantasy movie ...


* FILE INFO : 94 min 40 sec * avi divx * worked codification * quality cam picture *


* STORY : * text extractd from wikipedia


* The film begins with a fourteen-year-old Waterbender named Katara, and her 

fifteen-year-old warrior brother, Sokka from the Southern Water Tribe. They find an 

ice sphere with a twelve-year-old boy named Aang and a flying bison named Appa, 

trapped inside. Still unknown to them, Aang is the long lost Avatar - a spiritual 

figure holding the world in balance. After his disappearance, one of the four 

nations of the world, the Fire Nation, declared war onto the others: the Air 

Nomads, the Water Tribes and the Earth Kingdom. Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation is 

on a quest to finally find the Avatar and bring him as prisoner to his father, the 

Fire Lord Ozai. As Zuko and some Fire Nation soldiers arrive at the Southern Water 

Tribe with their ship, he demands the elderly under the impression that the Avatar 

must be an old person. But Aang has unique Airbender tattoos which make him 

suspicious to the soldiers, as the disappeared Avatar is the last of the Air Nomads 

which are Airbenders. Aang surrenders himself to Zuko as long as he agrees to leave 

the village alone. On the ship Aang is tested by Zuko\'s Uncle Iroh and they 

discover that he really is the Avatar. Directly after the test Aang escapes with 

the flying bison brought by Katara and Sokka. Aang and friends visit the Southern 

Air Temple where the Avatar learns that he was in the ice for a whole century and 

the Fire Nation wiped out all Air Nomads, and so everyone he knew there. Because of 

the despair he enters the Avatar state and finds himself for a brief moment in the 

spirit world where a voice asks him where he has been.


Comment : beside a slight inclination of the cam the picture is good and certainly watchable , nice codification work , enjoy ...