The Crossing (Christian Movie)


What is the most important thing in life?

That's the question Jason Reynolds and his classmates are assigned as a topic for speech class. But when Jason watches his best friend fight a life and death battle with leukemia, the question becomes far more than an academic endeavor. This powerful video dramatically presents the good news of the gospel in the context of the love that sent Christ to the cross. As Jason comes to grips with the realities of life and the consequences of sin, viewers are challenged to answer for themselves the question of life's ultimate priority. An excellent program for outreach events, for evangelistic invitations in your youth group or in homes, or to inspire believers to share their faith.

Every youth director needs this film in their ministry tool box. Honored as the best evangelistic film of the decade, it clearly convicts teenagers of their need for Christ. It also motivates them to share their faith with others, and reminds us all of Christ's deep love.

The Crossing has impacted tens of thousands of teenagers through salvation or rededication to Christ. Whether shown at a camp, large event, retreat, lock in or within a teenager's living room, The Crossing will bring the power of God's forgiveness into the heart of all who see it.
 
http://www.christiancinema.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=702

Runtime: 31 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: N/A
My Rating: 9/10
Quality: 8/10
Format: wmv

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families.

Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian	


