Free Membership at http://www.torrentkit.com gets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at http://www.torrentkit.com


Register Now [b][url=http://www.torrentkit.com/signup.php]www.Torrentkit.com[/url][/b]



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.                                  
                           
                                 
                                         
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                             
                                            
                                                     
                                                     
                                                             
                                             
                                     
                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                                          
                                                                         
                                                                       
                                                                
                                                             
                  Reverse Engineering Digital Team                 
                                                                      
                           PROUDLY  PRESENT                          
                                              
                            
                 i N F O                       
                                                          
                                                              
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                         
           IMold.for.SolidWorks.v9.Multilanguage.Cracked-RedT                  
                                                                               
                                                                         
     DATE......: 24/11/2009                                              
     SUPPLIER..: RED TEAM                                                
     CRACKER...: RED TEAM                                                
     PACKER....: RED TEAM                                                
     TYPE......: Crack                                                   
     PROTECTION: Other                                                   
     PLATFORM..: WinAll                                                  
     SIZE......: 31x.5.00MB                                              
     URL.......: http://www.imold.com                                    
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                    
                                        
                       
                 N O T E S                
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
        Manusoft Technologies today unveiled IMOLD V9, the latest        
        version with new and exciting user driven enhancements of        
     its leading Computer-aided Mold Design (CAMD) software, IMOLD.      
                                                                         
        IMOLD V9 aims to bridge the gaps between mold design and         
          manufacturing through its new functions. With the new          
          version release, Manusoft also introduces a new IMOLD          
         product matrix to its current product package offering:         
                                                                         
                             IMOLD Standard                              
                                IMOLD EDM                                
            IMOLD Professional view the IMOLD Product Matrix             
                                                                         
                                                                         
       IMOLD EDM automates the electrode design process as well as       
       assisting the manufacturing of detailed and hard-to-machine       
         features on molds and press tools. With the increasing         
        complexity and also miniaturization of the plastic parts,        
             innovative mold manufacturing technologies like             
       Electro-Discharge Machining (EDM) and micro-EDM have become       
         more and more important. said C.H. Chiang, MD Manusoft         
                              Technologies.                              
                                                                         
       IMOLD V9 is not only SolidWorks 2009 ready but both 32 and        
        64 bit ready which, is yet another solid demonstration of        
      Manusofts intent to ensure that it is ahead of competition.       
       Beyond the label and specifications, IMOLD V9 is engineered       
       to reduce design time of mold designers worldwide with its        
        significant improvement in all round performance and help        
      reduce carbon footprints by getting the molds right  before       
                              it is built.                               
                                                                         
         Other significant enhancements in IMOLD V9 include such         
              areas as 1-Click splitting, Hole Pocket color              
       tagging/tolerance, and others. For full details on the new        
        features and enhancements, please refer to What's New in         
                                IMOLD V9.                                
                                                                         
                                                                         
                  About Manusoft Technologies Pte. Ltd.                  
         Manusoft Technologies develops and markets powerful and         
        easy-to-use 3D computer-aided mold design (CAMD) software        
        for the precision tooling industry. Its primary strategy         
         focuses on addressing the design needs of the precision         
           tooling industry with a team of experienced tooling           
       designers to develop, train and support the solutions that        
       the company offers. As one of the pioneers in the industry,       
       we continuously strive to maintain the competitive edge by        
            leveraging on our market-driven R&D strengths and            
           establishing strategic ties with industry partners.           
                                                                         
       For more information, visit http://www.imold.com or contact       
         Manusoft Technologies Pte. Ltd, email:info@imold.com or         
                        phone: (+65) 6775-1565.                          
                                                                         
                      About SolidWorks Corporation                       
        SolidWorks Corporation, a Dassault Systmes S.A. (Nasdaq:        
      DASTY, Euronext Paris: #13065, DSY.PA) company, develops and       
          markets software for mechanical design, analysis, and          
          product data management. It is the #1 supplier of 3D           
          mechanical design software for the mainstream market.          
            SolidWorks leads the market in number of users in            
         production, customer satisfaction, and revenue. For the         
        latest news, information, or a live online demonstration,        
        visit the companys Web site (www.solidworks.com) or call        
             1-800-693-9000 (outside of North America, call              
                            +1-978-371-5000).                            
                                                                         
      IMOLD is a registered trademark of Manusoft Technologies Pte       
         Ltd. SolidWorks is a registered trademark of SolidWorks         
      Corporation. Other brand and product names are trademarks of       
                        their respective owners.                         
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                   
                                        
                       
               R L S N F O              
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
                               1. read nfo                               
                                2. unpack                                
                               3. install                                
                        4. read txt replace file                         
                     5. thank you for choosing RedT                      
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                    
                                        
                       
                G i N F O               
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
                                                                         
                                                                         
                          No News At The Moment                          
                                                                         
                           We are not looking                            
                                   for                                   
                                anything                                 
                                                                         
                         C O N T A C T                             
                                                              
                    www...:                                
                      email...:                               
                        iRC...:                                
                                                                 
                                                               
                       RedT is a Closed Group                  
                                                               
                                                             
                                                            
                                                  
                                     
                         
                                   
                                    
                                  
                 ascii  VN!RcA 
                          
                                
                                         
                              
                                         
                                              
                                    2k9