Power DVD Ultra 8.0.2021 is the latest evolution of the world acclaimed DVD software program that offers maximum video and audio playback entertainment on the PC. It comes complete with numerous customizable video/audio controls that can deliver the highest quality viewing and listening experience. PowerDVD incorporates support for high-definition audio and video, true 8-channel home theater audio playback, virtual surround sound, as well as complete controls and extra features for DVD enthusiasts.

CyberLink enriches the high-definition movie experience with brand new PowerDVD 8, featuring support for interactive Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD features, home theater audio formats, and video file formats. New features let users extend the movie experience by building a database of movie info and trivia, writing movie reviews, rating their favorite movies, and creating movie remixes. A newly released web site dedicated to PowerDVD users allows the meeting and making of friends, and the sharing of movie information that can be synchronized with a user’s own version of Power DVD Ultra 8.0.2021.

No. 1 DVD Experience on the PC now delivers New Dimensions in Movie Entertainment
Indulge in the extreme quality of high-definition movies
Explore high-definition Blu-ray Disc movies
Remix your movies: create new stories to watch and share
Build your own movie collection; write personal reviews
Share a love of movies with new friends on MoovieLive.com
Enjoy High-Definition Movies: PowerDVD delivers award-winning playback quality for movies on the PC.
High-definition movie content - The best video quality out there, with support for video formats like AVCHD and Blu-ray Discs.
Advanced video technologies - See the beauty in each shot of every scene with TrueTheaterTechnology.
Smart DVD utilities - Save battery power on your notebook (See-it-All), move language subtitles (Read-it-Clearly), and auto loop a section of dialog (Say-it-Again), with PowerDVD’s award winning DVD controls.
Remix Your DVD Movies
PowerDVD lets you create new stories based on existing movies, or simply express your creativity and opinions in unconventional ways.
Movie Remix - Put your own touches to a movie by re-ordering scenes, adding subtitles, inserting animated PiPs, and recording a voice-over.
Watch other people’s remixes - Download remixes from MoovieLive and see what other people have created.
Share your remixes online - Upload your remixes to MoovieLive and let others share in your unique vision.
Reviews & ratings - Write reviews about the movies you’ve seen. Give a quick 5-star rating and compare that with what others like through the global rating.
Connect via MoovieLive
PowerDVD gets you connected with other users via MoovieLive.com. You can see global ratings for the movies you watch, access information about the movies other people are watching too.
Upload & download remixes - Download remixes to see different takes on a movie. Upload your own remixes to share with other PowerDVD users.
Make friends - Find other people who are interested in the films you like, then get connected.
Publish your thoughts - After writing a review of a movie, why not share your review with other PowerDVD users? MoovieLive lets you upload your review, and adds your ratings to the community’s global rating.
See what others have to say - Read reviews from other PowerDVD users and browse MoovieLive’s database for tons of details about the movies you love (and loathe!). 


Quote:
Advanced Features:

New! - Movie Collection Support
New! - Movie Remix
New! - Integration with MoovieLive Service
UPnP Support - Access your media from a Home Network**
Say-It-Again - Automatically repeats the last movie scene
See-It-All - Automatically speeds playback to show as much of the movie as possible
Read-It-Clearly - Moves subtitles from the viewing screen

Have Fun , Enjoy!