Oh maaan! was this a tedious job. I mean, if you are from the USA and you want all the Nintendo DS games that exist that aren't either totally gay in content, sport related, are duplicates in a European version or in some foreign language then this is the torrent for you. I took it upon myself to download way over a hundred gigs of ever DS game in existence, which also were all in some numerical order from 0001 to like 5000 .. I used a 'Batch Renamer' application removing the first 7 characters thus putting all the games in alphabetical order as well (and even that took installing Windows 3 times 'cause I didn't have a cracked app or the know how to disassemble it and read into the program code the activation key). So here you have it. What was 5000 US and EU DS games has now become 1,336 games. I did a folder search for and deleted every game having to do with: boy, girl, horse, dog, cat, barbie, pink, cook, sushi, zoo, model, strawberry, kid, foot, basket, golf, NFL, Madden, FIFA, Soccer, language, math, 5th grader, queer, stupid homo get fucking lost with all this baby diaper crap!!!!! You feel me?! Only titles that stuck me as legit names for games.. and MAN! What a super lame-o job this was. But I did it. And I might have missed a few totally gay games.. and there even might be a few doubles but there is no where near as much riffraff totally cloging up the game list now that I took my brainstorming 'cool filter' and filtered out all the uckyness Nintendo seems to think is ok to rub elbows with. And sorry sports fans.. I've hated sports since I can remember seeing a ball for the first time. Go wanna get all hot and bothered around a bunch of men in tights elsewhere that you.. we'll have none of that homo jock crap in this torrent. You see, the makers of Castlevania (one of my most favorite games in existence) recently made a new game that will not be available on the Wii because the producer said, and I quote "we don't want to make a 'family-friendly' version for Nintendo" .. or something to that effect. Do you know what kind of venom runs through my veins? Do you have some inkling to that strong undertow of hatred that propels some of us through life with a bitter grin on our face as we just barely tolerate the most of all of your existence and try not to vomit? Do you? Well, that stain of a human that didn't make a Wii version needs to do something like kill the Nintendo CEO's dog and stuff it into the owners mailbox. We don't need 'family-friendly' games like my little pony. God! The indecency of it all! Now, if you don't agree with the things I say, thats okay. The little girls section I'm sure can be mapped out by a fag like you any time you get a stiffy from seeing a Strawberry Shortcake doll, you pansy. But this torrent is for guys only. And not the bone-head/MEAT-head football goon squad either. Ya'll do a circle jerk somewhere not so public as ThePirateBay. I got banned from Demonoid.. ya wonder why? I just love TPB.. I can say what I want and it's beautiful. You can read my opinion and ya can't delete me. It sure is nice to let your sack just hand on out, ya know?! Anywayz.. here's yer totally filtered Nintendo DS games. Enjoy.