Hi there...

Firstly I'd like to tell you about a new Christian site:
 
http://www.blazefire.org/

Registrations are open for a while. Safe, no ads, pure, non-denominational site.

Now about this upload:

This has got to be the most amazing movie experience I have had in a long time. I mean; judging by the online critic or description of the movie, it was a film of a man fighting for justice and righteousness in his old neighborhood, but when putting it on, I was struck by the authenticity in the movie, the consistency, the passion.
Every line the leading role said, was straight forward and worth their own simple weight in gold.

I watched in the hope that it wouldn't just turn 180 and become another one of those "good guy turns evil cause he just found out the problems had to be solved another way than by living by the principals he'd learned to love and uphold" -movies.

That just didn't happen.

I won't tell you the end of the movie, nor what it's about other than what I've said. But to all of you people out there, whether you "count" yourself Christian or what ever: Watch this movie. You probably won't regret it. This is a good film. Really.

The format is iso-image DVD, and the SUBTITLES are in:
Finnish [Suomi], 
Norwegian [Norsk], 
Swedish [Svenska] and
Icelandic [Islenska].

Sorry the index shows that it's subbed in Danish. It is not, but TPB is a little moody, so it wouldn't let me remove that choice in the upload. And there's no check-box for Icelandic, or Islensa, as they say in Iceland.. :-)

But you can also watch it without the subs.. The language is English.
Have a nice experience. I know I did.

Thanks to the original uploader. Don't know if he'd like his name mentioned, so I won't.. :-)

Merry Christmas,

Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."