NAME: Boom Blox Bash Party
REGI: PAL
LANG: MULTI-6
GENR: Classic Games > Puzzle Games
SIZE: 1.50GB

Product Description:
Get ready for even more blox-busting action with BOOM BLOX Bash Party for Wii, the sequel to the critically acclaimed BOOM BLOX game for Wii. Developed by EA in collaboration with director and producer Steven Spielberg, BOOM BLOX Bash Party takes destruction to new heights, providing the ultimate social gaming experience! BOOM BLOX Bash Party will get your party started with new Versus, Co-Op and Team Play challenges - twice as many multiplayer challenges as the original BOOM BLOX. From the depths of the sea to the far reaches of outer space, BOOM BLOX Bash Party features more than 400 completely new levels! Explore exciting new themed worlds with unique physics and dramatic visuals. Create chaos, watching puzzles and explosions unfold, while drifting under water, or floating in zero gravity! For even more strategic destruction, BOOM BLOX Bash Party also features all-new Blox, tools and characters! Experiment with the explosive and infectious Virus Blox, or the ever-moving Conveyor Blox. Experiment with new shapes like Cylinders and Wedges, or use the new Cannon and Slingshot toys to sling and launch blox! Even the new cast of characters is in on the action! Grab hold of the characters and send them flying! They are just like Blox now, so you can topple, bash and sling them like never before. And the fun continues online! Enhanced capabilities let you download new levels with the press of a button. Simply connect your Wii to the Internet to grab, play and rate new levels from EA and members of the BOOM BLOX Bash Party community. Build your own levels using the game's easy-to-use Create Mode - the same tool which the BOOM BLOX team used to create the game itself. Collect Boom Bux throughout the game as you complete levels, then spend them jump ahead unlocking new levels and features you can't wait to play! Connect your Wii to the Internet and download new levels quickly and easily.