. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

             Lets.Dance.For.Sport.Relief.2010.Part3.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.03.08
              Genre...........: Entertainment

       3/4 - It's the last chance for two more celebrity acts to join the 
       likes of Rufus Hound and Katy Brand in the grand final. Hosts 
       Claudia Winkleman and Steve Jones run the rule over the latest 
       batch of brave celebrities to put their carefully cultivated 
       reputations on the line.
       
       The previous episode saw another display of comedy choreography 
       from the likes of Shappi Khorsandi and Debra Stephenson, as well 
       as a hard-hitting performance from a team of boxers lead by Carl 
       Froch. With tension at an all-time high in the final week of heats, 
       what will it take to win over viewers and judges and book a place 
       in the final?
       
       Queen of the stage show Denise Van Outen is joined by 2009 finalist 
       Jo Brand and Shooting Star Vic Reeves on the panel of judges to 
       rule over the likes of comedian Stephen K Amos, a group of Grumpy 
       Old Women and a pair of ex-England footballers as they demonstrate 
       their fancy footwork on the dancefloor.
       
       Plus music from US pop sensation Justin Bieber and a performance of 
       All That Jazz by the cast of West End smash hit musical Chicago.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai