Dragon Dictate lets you accomplish more on your Mac than you ever thought possible. Input text just by speaking -- up to three times faster than typing -- and interact with your favorite Mac applications using only your voice. Built from the ground up for Mac OS X Snow Leopard, Dragon Dictate helps you create reports, email, articles, books, research notes, online content, and more -- quickly, easily and accurately. It's Simply Smarter Speech Recognition for the Mac.

Turn talk into text

Instead of a keyboard, use your voice to produce text. Speak your thoughts; then watch your words appear on screen in your favorite Mac applications — and up to three times faster than typing — with an astounding recognition accuracy rate of up to 99% right out of the box.

Unlock your creativity

Dragon Dictate for Mac keeps up with your brain. Transform ideas into text at the speed of thought; start being creative and productive with only your voice -- don’t let typing get in the way of your ideas or productivity.

Work comfortably

Control your Mac in a relaxed, hands-free manner without being tied to your keyboard. Instead of using your mouse, just speak commands to launch and control applications. Move the cursor or click anywhere on screen simply by voice.

Multi-task like never before

Tell your Mac what to do, like “Reply To This Message” or “Open Microsoft Word” or “Search Google for ‘Italian restaurants’” to work faster and smarter. Create voice commands that automate complex workflows on your Mac.

Work your way

Create a digital world, powered by your own voice. Customize Dragon Dictate for Mac with personal vocabulary and voice commands that reflect the kind of work you do.

Built For Mac

Dragon Dictate for Mac was built to give you the experience you expect from your favorite Macintosh applications -- an intuitive, easy-to-use interface that dramatically boosts productivity. What’s more, Dragon Dictate for Mac works with your favorite Apple applications, including Mail, iChat, iCal, TextEdit, Pages, Safari and many more.

Installation Instructions

Dragon Dictate 2.0.1 (9605) By Adrian Dennis
--------------------------------------------

Drag Dragon Dictate.app, [ PreCracked ]

To The App Folder To Install Dragon Dictate 2.0.1 (9605)

Dragon Dictate 2.0 (9361) By Adrian Dennis
------------------------------------------

Double Click Dragon Dictate 2.0 [k'ed].dmg, To Install Dragon Dictate 2.0 (9361)

Once Mounted A New Window Will Open Drag [ Dragon Dictate 2.0 [k'ed] ] Icon To The 

App Folder And Start [ Dragon Dictate [k'ed ], Go Back To The Mounted "Dmg File"

And Double Click The license File To Register The Program, And Click [ Ok ]

English Language Data Disc By Adrian Dennis
-------------------------------------------

Double Click [ Dragon Dictate English Data Disc.dmg ]

To Mount The Language Disc, Once Mounted, A New Window Will Open

Simply, Start Dragon Dictate, It Should Start Reading The Mounted Image Or Disc And

Start The Installation Of The Speech Engine, When The Language Is Finish Installing,

You Will Be Asked To Eject Or Don't Eject The Mounted image Or Disc, Choose Any One

[ Does Not Matter ] Accept The License Agreement,

Done Enjoy !!!!.

For 8)Cool Downloads8) Head Over To My Site 
http://adrianscool.com
