From IMDb: "Lightning McQueen, a hotshot rookie race car driven to succeed, discovers that life is about the journey, not the finish line, when he finds himself unexpectedly detoured in the sleepy Route 66 town of Radiator Springs. On route across the country to the big Piston Cup Championship in California to compete against two seasoned pros, McQueen gets to know the town's offbeat characters--including Sally, a snazzy 2002 Porsche, Doc Hudson, a 1951 Hudson Hornet with a mysterious past, and Mater, a rusty but trusty tow truck, who help him realize that there are more important things than trophies, fame and sponsorship."


This is the full DVD of the 2006 Disney/Pixar film "Cars," starring the voice talents of Owen Wilson, Larry the Cable Guy, and Paul Newman. This is without the DVD encryption and is ready to burn with your favorite DVD burning program. Tested andworking with no viruses or any other malware.

My son loves this movie and watched it so much that the disc refused to play in our DVD player, and the DVD encryption wouldn't let me make a descent copy of it. After several tries, I was able to bypass the encryption and make a working copy of the disc. During this time, I was unable to find a suitable replacement either here or on other file sharing networks. I am providing this torrent as a means to provide back-ups for others who are in this situation and cannot find a good copy. Please note that I am not responsible for anyone using this torrent to promote piracy or to make money off this release. If you don't own it and like the movie, BUY IT. If you own the movie but like me were unable to play it due to over-use, feel free to use this as an archival copy. Do not sell, rent, or distribute this release to anyone that does not own a legal copy of the movie.

This is my first torrent so please share any (kind) comments to help me if I've done something wrong. I'll seed this until there are enough other seeders to keep the file alive, or until the end of August, which ever comes first. 


See the enclosed "Read Me" for more information.


Enjoy!
