It Sticks Out Half A Mile - Series 01 - [ Dad's Army Spin Off ] - Audio Comedy - BBC7 via DVB-T 
14 x 30 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo

It Sticks Out Half a Mile was a BBC Radio sitcom created as a sequel to the television sitcom Dad's Army.


[b]The pilot[/b]
The original pilot episode, set in 1948, involved former bank manager and Home Guard Captain George Mainwaring  deciding to renovate a decrepit seaside pier in the fictional town of Frambourne-on-Sea, only to find when applying for a bank loan that the manager of the local branch is his former chief cashier and Home Guard Sergeant Arthur Wilson.

The pilot, recorded in 1981, was not used and Lowe died in April 1982, ending production. But Lowe's widow had enjoyed the show and persuaded the writers to start again with a new cast. The original pilot was eventually broadcast on BBC 7.



[b]The series[/b]
The new version involved William Hodges,former ARP warden and nemesis of Mainwaring's Home Guard unit, approaching "stupid boy" and former Home Guard Private Frank Pike with a proposal to renovate the pier at Frambourne. 

In order to finance this plan Pike has to approach bank manager Wilson, who just happens to be his "uncle" (publicly a friend of his mother's, but strongly hinted to the audience to be Pike's father), for a loan. Wilson suspects the only reason Hodges approached Pike was to get to the bank's money through him. Nevertheless, Pike and Wilson put aside their wartime quarrel with Hodges - more or less - and the renovation begins.





Cast:
Captain Mainwaring - Arthur Lowe (Pilot Only)
Bert Hodges - Bill Pertwee
Frank Pike - Ian Lavender
Arthur Wilson - John Le Mesurier (born John Charles Elton Le Mesurier De Somerys Halliley)
Rosemary Perkins - Vivienne Martin
Mrs Fox - Mollie Sugden




1. The Business Proposition
Bill Hodges suggests a business deal to Frank Pike.  The deal involves the refurbishment of a dilapidated pier in Frambourne-On-Sea. 

2. The Bank Loan
Hodges and Pike approach Arthur Wilson with a view to obtaining a bank loan to finance the renovating of the Pier.

3. Who Owned The Pier?
Hodges, Pike and Wilson carry out research at the library to find any information on the previous owners of the Pier. 

4. Inspecting The Piles
Hodges, Pike and Wilson take to a dinghy to carry out a night inspection of the Pier's foundations.

5. Pike In Love
Pike is in love and his mother asks Wilson to teach him about the birds and the bees.

6. The Friends Of Frambourne Pier
Pike and Hodges launch a campaign to recruit volunteers to help save the Pier.  This leads to the formation of the Friends Of Frambourne Pier Association.

7. The First Meeting
The First Meeting of the Friends Of Frambourne Pier Association is held.

8. Marooned
Having been transferred to the Pier Theatre by boson's chair, Arthur Wilson and Miss Perkins are marooned together.

9. The Fancy Dress Night
The Friends Of Frambourne Pier Association hold a fancy dress night to raise money for the restoration of the Pier.  Unfortunately Miss Perkins and Mrs Pike both turn up wearing the same costumes.

10. The Builder
A builder is enlisted to repair the Pier.  Unfortunately old wounds are opened when Hodges and Pike discover his nationality. 

11. War Damage
Wilson, Hodges and Pike try to claim War Damage Compensation for the Pier.

12. The Pin Up Girl
It is decided to update the pictures in the What The Butler Saw machine on the Pier.  Pike and Hodges persuade Miss Perkins to pose as their pin-up girl.

13. Hidden Treasure
Madame Zara is enlisted to help find some hidden treasure that is believed to be hidden on the Pier. 





It Sticks Out Half A Mile - Pilot

It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E01 - The Business Proposition 
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E02 - The Bank Loan
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E03 - Who Owned The Pier
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E04 - Inspecting The Piles
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E05 - Pike In Love
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E06 - The Friends Of Frambourne Pier
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E07 - The First Meeting
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E08 - Marooned
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E09 - The Fancy Dress Night
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E10 - The Builder
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E11 - War Damage
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E12 - The Pin Up Girl
It Sticks Out Half A Mile - S01 - E13 - Hidden Treasure



Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 28mn 54s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits
 


[