As televisions first title roll female Private Eye, Honey West would take on any tough case. After the death of her father, the sexy private detective took over his high-tech PI firm. Being assisted by the rugged Sam Bolt and her pet ocelot Bruce, she could handle herself mingling with millionaires just as well as scaling a thirty foot wall.

Anne Francis, John Ericson, Bruce the Ocelot

DISC TWO: 

"The Flame and The Pussycat" - written by George Clayton Johnson, directed by James Goldstone: An arsonist is on the loose burning warehouses. Can Honey figure out his motives before she gets burned too? (25:27)

"A Neat Little Package" - written by Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov, directed by Murray Golden: A newsstand owner suffering from memory loss hires Honey to help figure out the missing pieces of his past. This episode features a camera watch gadget. (25:18)

"A Stitch In Crime" - written by Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov, directed by John Peyser: When $100,000 worth of designer eveningwear is stolen from Honey, will she be able to track them back down in time for the big fashion show in San Francisco? Catch a hilarious scene with Honey and Sam dressed as beatniks. (25:25)

"A Million Bucks In Anybody's Language" - written by Tony Barrett, directed by John Florea: Honey must discover who is responsible for the death of her latest client, who also happens to be another private investigator. Check out Honey in a sexy tiger skinned outfit. (25:25)

"The Gray Lady" - written by William Link & Richard Levinson, directed by Walter Grauman: A chameleon jewel thief (who only steals from celebrities) keeps Honey guessing when he steals from her latest client. This episode utilizes a special television monitoring device (as well as a memorable Honey fight sequence). Kevin McCarthy (Invasion of the Body Snatchers,UHF) guest stars. (25:27)

"Invitation To Limbo" - written by William Link & Richard Levinson, directed by Tom Gries: Honey must thwart a hypnotist from stealing valuable corporate files. Wayne Rogers (TV's Trapper John on M*A*S*H) guest stars. (25:27)

"Rockabye The Hard Way" - written by Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov, directed by Bill Colleran: Honey travels to Mexico in order to recover a missing American with important military secrets. Joe Don Baker (Fletch, GoldenEye) has a small supporting role. (25:27)

"A Nice Little Till To Tap" - written by Tony Barrett, directed by Jerry Hopper: Honey goes undercover, as a teller, in order to nab a bank robber. (25:26)

Extra Features:
Behind The Scenes Photo Gallery - 21 images (2:49)
Vintage Commercials - Sucrets Throat Lozenges, Carnation Instant Breakfast, Coffe-mate, Cover Girl, Sylvania Blue Dot Flash Cubes, Pall Mall Cigarettes, Tareyton Cigarettes. 7 commercials total. (6:12)

Total Running Time Approximately 212 Min.