Fresh Meat 28 (2010)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/825955D28_Fresh_Meat_28_dvd.htm 
http://www.adultdvdnow.com/dvd/Fresh_Meat_28_91086.html

Studio  Evil Angel 
Release Date  Nov 04, 2010 
Category  All Sex, Threesomes & More, Evil Angel's Fresh Meat Series 
Director  John Leslie 
Starring  Heather Starlet, Lynn Love, Angel Vain, Ivy Winters, Jenna Lovely, Ella Milano, Toni Ribas, Christian, Denis Marti, Erik Everhard, Jerry 

The newest, hottest porn girls know they have arrived in the XXX business when director John Leslie's artistic camera captures them for his "Fresh Meat" series. Fresh Meat 28 boasts six lovely and lustful young "newcummers" in four bewitching ...    Full Descriptionbut slightly mysterious scenarios — the viewer gets to apply his or her own erotic imagination and logic to beautiful, new talent. Young, girly cover model Ella Milano's gorgeous face and fabulous, all-natural bod make her a candidate for XXX stardom. In a yellow sundress and panties, she's the hot babe next-door, masturbating under the sun in her back yard. Inside, her muscular stud lifts her bodily for a 69, flips her over for a picturesque carry-fuck, and she winds up with a thick strand of jism hanging from that pretty face. The other scenes are all threesomes: Pretty, blonde Heather Starlet has a lithe, natural body and the pout of a new porn sensation. With bleached-blonde locks, meaty-thick ass and a wicked smile, fresh rookie Angel Vain's entire attitude shouts, "XXX!" Their three-way fucking is flavored by girl-girl oral fun, deep-throating, anal toy play, face-sitting and tasty cum clean-up as Angel licks semen from Heather's face. Flashy with blonde hair and big curves, Jenna Lovely seduces two dudes into servicing her ample ass with tongues and cocks. She grunts and chokes as her holes are intensely trade-fucked; she sucks cock ass-to-mouth; she's left with face and shoulders drenched in hot semen. Trim brunette Ivy Winters and hot-assed Lynn Love cum together for porn stud Erik Everhard, who chews through Ivy's leggings to eat her pussy. As Ivy perches on his face and Lynn's loins roll on his meat, he must fight not to lose his load. Ivy takes a doggie-style pounding with Lynn buried beneath her, licking dick and twat. The round-robin menage-a-trois features glass toy masturbation, pussy-to-mouth cock sucking, a double-facial cum basting even a touch of voyeurism. 

