File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:48

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 3319 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.07 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Country music may be the farthest thing in the minds of fans when they the hear the name Gwyteth Paltrow. The actress is long known for her serious performances, her spot as the cover girl of Estee Lauder and more recently for her leading role as Pepper Potts in the Iron Man movie franchise. The 37-year-old, Los Angeles native is now adding a less likely notch to her belt: that of country singer.

Paltrow’s first single comes in the form of “Country Strong,” which is an uplifting ballad with a rock guitar break and a Southern drawl. A more mature version of Miley Cyrus’s “The Climb,” “Country Strong delivers every bit of energy and strength. Even if a little more deliberately and a little less polished, the song is as convincing and effective as many a female-lead in country right now.

Perhaps playing off of her husband’s (Coldplay frontman Chris Martin) obvious talent, or her upcoming role in the country musical “Love Don’t Let Me Down,” Paltrow appears to fall comfortably into the role of country crooner. The voice is powerful and emotive, conjuring early Martina McBridge or contemporaries like Sara Evans.

The song is about the country strength of Paltrow and women like her: “country strong, and hard to break, like the ground I grew up on.” It is a message of redeeming fortitude and the attitude that it takes to carry yourself with the strength. Still working her way into her new country voice, Paltrow finds her way around easy couplets and over virtuoso guitars.

The singer’s new profession may or may not take her into a side step from her day job, it is yet to be announced if or when an album will be forthcoming, but she can now hold her own among any musical conversations at the dinner table.

Country Strong (formerly titled Love Don't Let Me Down) is an upcoming drama film about a country singer named Kelly Canter. It stars Gwyneth Paltrow as Kelly Canter and Garrett Hedlund as Beau Williams and is directed by American filmmaker, Shana Feste. It is set for release on December 22, 2010.

Gwyneth Kate Paltrow (pronounced /ˈɡwɪnɨθ ˈpæltroʊ/; born September 27, 1972) is an American actress and singer.

Paltrow made her acting debut on stage in 1990 and started appearing in films in 1991. She gained early notice for her work in films such as Se7en (1995), Emma (1996), in which she played the title role, and Sliding Doors (1998). She garnered worldwide recognition through her performance in Shakespeare in Love (1998), for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress, a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards, for Outstanding Lead Actress and as a member of the Outstanding Cast. Since then, Paltrow has portrayed supporting as well as lead roles in films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999), Shallow Hal (2001) and Proof (2005), for which she earned a Golden Globe nomination as Best Actress in Motion Picture Drama. In 2008, she appeared in the highest grossing movie of her career, the superhero film Iron Man, and then reprised her role as Pepper Potts in its sequel, Iron Man 2 (2010). Paltrow has been the face of Estée Lauder's Pleasures perfume since 2005. She is married to Chris Martin, the lead vocalist from Coldplay. They have had two children together.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/