From 1977 to 1991, through 15 years of concert tours, 8 best selling comedy albums, numerous radio and television appearances, ISAAC AIR FREIGHT pioneered a fresh approach to comedy from a Christian perspective. Their unique style of satirical sketch comedy, laced with witty dialog and colorful characters; humorously communicated piercing truths about the human condition and conveyed deep spiritual truths.

Isaac Air Freight was the best known and most inventive comedy team in a field they almost single-handedly pioneered: Christian Comedy. Their unique style of satirical sketch comedy, humorously communicates piercing truths about the human condition, while introducing you to some of the most colorful and real characters you may ever have the pleasure of meeting.

The original members of Isaac Air Freight, Dan Rupple, Dave Toole and Larry Watt teamed up in 1976 with the hope of building a successful comedy writing and performing career. They were able to do just that, but in a way they never expected. They were gaining considerable word of mouth attention around Southern California comedy clubs, when in 1977, they each made a commitment to Christ. The personal changes they were experiencing quickly became evident in their direction as a group. Material that had its basis in cynicism and escapism steadily gave way to comedy that inspired their audiences and offered them an opportunity to re-examine today’s values.

In 1978, they recorded their first album entitled FUN IN THE SON. It was an immediate best seller among contemporary Christian audiences and by the time IN THE AIR/ON THE AIR, their second album was released, the group’s touring schedule had grown enormously, and with it, the appeal for their insightful comic vision. 1980 brought the release of FOOLISH GUYS...TO CONFOUND THE WISE, an album aimed at the spiritual center of contemporary life, both inside and outside the church; a powerful statement in laughter.

In 1981, Dan and Dave began work on THE ISAAC AIR SHOW, a highly successful daily radio feature. The program was syndicated nation-wide on over 120 stations. The most popular selections from the show gave birth to two more albums, SNOOZE YA LOOZE and MY KINGDOM COME/THY KINGDOM COME. Extensive touring and numerous television projects brought the group widespread recognition not only within the Gospel industry, but with a national, mainstream audience. Their growing popularity brought two more albums aimed at this audience outside the church walls. THE FREIGHT’S DESIGNER ALBUM (1985) and OVER OUR HEADS (1987) revealed their growth as artists and as communicators.

In 1987, desiring to move into different areas of ministry and careers, Isaac Air Freight limited their engagements to part-time weekend performances, until 1991 when the hilarious fun of Isaac Air Freight came to an end. For now, the groups live appearances are a wonderful memory of the past; but the eternal truths of their sketches are as relevant and true as the day they were first presented. Enjoy a trip down memory lane with Isaac Air Freight: Classics on CD at IsaacAirFreight.com.
