Seed for speed. Comment? Well, it´s optional.

Naxos 8554054 DDD, 1997

Khachaturian Ballet Music - Gayane; Spartacus; Masquerade
St. Petersburg State Symphony Orchestra & André Anichanov

Some great music from Aram Khachaturian. His Sabre Dance is a fantastic piece of music. It´s been recorded by such various artists as Larry Adler harmonica, The Andrew Sisters, Dave Edmunds and Ekseption, to mention a few. If you think youve heard the Adagio from Spartacus before it might well be from the UK TV-series Onedin Line where it was the main theme.
 
01  Gayane: Sabre Dance
02  Gayane: Dance of the Girls
03  Gayane: Dance of the Boys
04  Gayane: Lullaby
05  Gayane: Choosing the Bride
06  Gayane: Gayane and Giko
07  Gayane: Dance of the Comrades
08  Gayane: Gayane's Adagio
09  Spartacus: Adagio of Spartacus and Phygia
10  Spartacus: Dance of a Greek Slave
11  Spartacus: Adagio of Aegina and Harmodius
12  Spartacus: Variation of Aegina and Bacchanalia
13  Spartacus: Scene & Dance with Crotala
14  Spartacus: Dance of the Gaditanae; Victory of Spartacus
15  Spartacus: Dance of an Egyptian Girl
16  Masquerade: Waltz
17  Masquerade: Nocturne
18  Masquerade: Mazurka
19  Masquerade: Romance
20  Masquerade: Gallop

 
http://www.naxosdirect.co.uk//title/8554054/


Aram Khachaturian
From Wikipedia
 
Aram Khachaturian (June 6, 1903 – May 1, 1978) (born in Tiflis, Russian Empire) was a Soviet-Armenian composer whose works were often influenced by Armenian folk music. Khachaturians works include concertos for violin, cello, and piano as well as concerto-rhapsodies for the same instruments. The piano concerto originally including an early part for the flexatone, and was his first work to gain him recognition in the West.
Khachaturianss three symphonies are varied works, with the third containing parts for fifteen additional trumpets and organ. The composers largest scaled works are the ballets Spartacus and Gayane, both of which contain Khachaturians most well-known music, with Gayane featuring in its final act what is easily his most famous music, the "Sabre Dance".
"The Sabre Dance" is a movement in the final act of  Gayane, completed in 1942. It evokes a whirling war dance in an Armenian dance, where the dancers display their skill with sabres. Due to its exceptionally exciting rhythm, "The Sabre Dance" established a place for itself in common concert practice, leading also to various adaptations in popular music. In its middle section it uses an Armenian folk song from Gyumri, Armenia.
Part of the Adagio of Spartacus and Phrygia (the opening piece in Suite No. 2) was used as the opening theme for the UK television series The Onedin Line; in the film Caligula; the main love theme in the film Mayerling; and in The Hudsucker Proxy. It was also featured in the 2006 animated film Ice Age 2: The Meltdown. In 1984, with words by Tony Hiller and Nicky Graham, it became a popular song, Journeys End, recorded by Andy Williams on Capitol.