POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at

POtHS - Prophecies - Part 21 - The Prophecy of Israel


I guess the Title says it all. Over 2000 ancient Prophecies have already been fulfilled!!!  Only 500 more to go. Jesus will return when Israel begs for his return. That won't happen until 2/3 of the population of Israel has been wiped out in Armageddon. I suppose that is what happens when you deny your Creator. 

I also threw in Revelations of An Elite Family Insider. This presentation was put together using animated puppets to conceal the identities of the participants. Listen to the words of that Slimy Elite Piece of caca. Listen how his kind bows down and Worships Lucifer. Listen carefully to his double speak and his attempts to put doubt in your mind.  It is the same play they used in The Garden of Eden.

Many thanks to all the Film Makers that brought these facts to life.

I am using a new Dedicated SEED BOX that uploads at high rates of speed. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address pm016.xirvik.com. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download bandwidth. This server has 400 times more bandwidth than my Comcast connection.

The World Governments that are run by The Banksters, that are empowered by Lucifer, are The True Terrorists, only The Final Showdown between Lucifer and Jesus will save Mankind. We know who wins the Battle, The Creator of The Universe, of course!!!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
 
http://www.projectcamelot.org 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father.  

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   