P R E P A R E T O B E U N L E A S H E D ! !

MX vs ATV Reflex DVD5RIP (C) THQ

Release Date: 11-27-2010 Protection: Steam
Release Type: DVDRIP Game Genre: Racing

Release Notes:

Think fast and hang on to your ride as you take independent control of
the rider and take the ultimate test of mettle. Dual controls let you
tear it up with death-defying tricks and high-flying freestyle action
Fight for traction and dig up the track to leave your mark. Hone in your
skills through havoc-laden environments that come alive, creating
ever-changing conditions

Rush through raging rivers, slash though swampy everglades, and blaze
through desert dunes as the terrain gets altered with every turn. Gain
on your opponents lap after lap as you force the competition to carve
new race lines, but beware, they can do the same to you

Test Your Reflexes

Dual controls allow you to control your rider as you power your vehicle
independently. Lean in to take tighter turns and higher jumps. Think
fast and wrestle your ride back from the verge of catastrophe

Leave Your Mark

Real-time deformation continuously changes the track beneath you with
every lap. Dig up the track and force the competition to carve a new
race line. Rush through raging rivers, slash though swampy everglades
and blaze through desert dunes as the terrain gets altered with every
turn. New terrain engine provides unprecedented driving surface detail
never achieved in any other racing game

Pull Off The Sickest Tricks

Dual controls let you tear it up with death-defying tricks and
high-flying freestyle action. Intuitive gestures in the Reflex Trick
System let you push the limits to pull off the most extreme stunts
ever. Impress the judges. Increase your score. Emerge victorious in
MotoX Freestyle

Vehicles

Customize and tune the fiercest MX bikes and ATVs. Choose from a
variety of vehicles including Sport Buggies, Sport Trucks and UTV's
Flaunt your latest battle scars as truck body panels shatter and break
away

Multiplayer

Online play for up to 12 racers. Streamlined multiplayer interface lets
you challenge your friends and brings players of all skill levels
together

Ripped = Nothing

Install Notes:

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Burn the Iso with Nero Burning ROM or equivalent
alternative option is mounting the image with Daemon-Tools
3. Install
4. Play

Additional Notes:

This setup requires at least 20GB of space to unpack properly. Also keep
in mind that the setup will go way pass the 100% mark. Don't worry it's
unpacking the compressed data

Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition!