Directed by Albert Hughes
Allen Hughes
Produced by Joel Silver
Susan Downey
Andrew Kosove
Broderick Johnson
Denzel Washington
Written by Gary Whitta
Starring Denzel Washington
Mila Kunis
Gary Oldman
Music by Atticus Ross
Cinematography Don Burgess
Editing by Cindy Mollo
Studio Alcon Entertainment
Silver Pictures
Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures (USA/Canada)
Summit Entertainment (International)
Entertainment Film Distributors (UK)
Release date(s) January 15, 2010 (2010-01-15)
Running time 117 minutes
Country United States
Language English
Budget $80 million
Gross revenue $155,789,578

Thirty years after an apocalyptic event, Eli (Denzel Washington) travels on foot toward the west coast of the United States. Along the way he demonstrates uncanny survival and fighting skills, hunting wildlife and swiftly defeating a group of highway bandits who try to ambush him. Searching for a source of water, he arrives in a ramshackle town which was built by and is overseen by Carnegie (Gary Oldman). Carnegie dreams of building more towns and controlling the people with the power of a certain book. His henchmen scour the desolate landscape daily in search of it, but to no avail.

In the local town bar, Eli is set upon by a gang of bikers and kills them all. Realizing that Eli is a literate man like himself Carnegie asks Eli to stay, though it is made clear that the offer is non-negotiable. After Carnegie's blind concubine, Claudia (Jennifer Beals), gives Eli some food and water, Carnegie asks Claudia's daughter Solara (Mila Kunis) to seduce Eli. Eli turns her down, but she discovers that he had a book in his possession. Eli pacifies her with stern words, but offers to share his food with her. Before they eat though, he has her pray with him. The following day Solara prays with her mother. Carnegie overhears them and realizes that those words were likely from the contents of the book. Through violence, he forces Solara to tell him that Eli was reading a book. When he asks what kind, she says she does not know, but forms a cross with her two fingers. Carnegie realizes that Eli has a copy of the Bible, the book he has been looking for. Eli sneaks out of his room and goes to the store across the street where he asked the Engineer (Tom Waits) to recharge his portable battery.

Carnegie attempts to stop Eli, having all his henchmen fire at him, but Eli avoids the gunfire and shoots most of Carnegie's henchmen, even shooting Carnegie's leg with a shotgun blast. After Eli leaves, Solara follows him and leads him to the source of the town's water supply, hoping she can accompany him on his travels. Eli traps her inside and continues on alone. Solara escapes and soon finds herself ambushed by two bandits who attempt to rape her, Eli appears and kills them. Eli and Solara continue on until they arrive at a strange house. They stop to investigate and quickly fall into a trap door. The residents Martha (Frances de la Tour) and George (Michael Gambon) invite them in for tea, though they are soon found by Carnegie.

Eli, Solara, Martha, and George hole up inside the house. A shoot-out ensues, leading to the death of some of Carnegie's men, as well as George and Martha. Eli and Solara are captured. Carnegie threatens to kill Solara, which prompts Eli to hand over the Bible. Carnegie shoots him in the stomach and leaves. While in transit, Solara escapes and drives back to help Eli. Carnegie chooses to return to the town with the Bible since his vehicle is running out of fuel. Solara picks Eli up and they continue west until they reach the Golden Gate Bridge, then they row to Alcatraz where they find a group of survivors. Eli tells the guards that he has a copy of the King James version of the Bible, and they are allowed in. Inside they are introduced to Lombardi (Malcolm McDowell), the curator. Eli, who is shown to actually be blind himself, begins to dictate the Bible from memory.

With the help of his Engineer, Carnegie manages to open the Bible, but is horrified to discovers it is a Braille copy. Carnegie's leg goes septic, and he will die without reading the Bible. Eli finishes dictating the Bible, and dies from his wounds shortly after. The printing press is shown to start the printing of the New King James Bible, and then the curator puts a copy of the resulting Bible on his bookshelf. Solara is offered sanctuary in Alcatraz but instead chooses to head back home.

IMAGENES
 
http://img138.imageshack.us/img138/9497/001ca.png 
http://img101.imageshack.us/img101/7357/002fy.png 
http://img534.imageshack.us/img534/1706/003sv.png