Please seed!

Sorry about the glitch with my first upload of this album.

Hopefully I've got it right this time!

For those of you that got stuck on my first torrent, try this and you´ll hopefully won't have to download everything again. This should work in uTorrent.

1 Choose download this torrent.
2 In uTorrent right click on the torrent and choose stop.
3 Right click and choose Advanced/Set download location. Browse to the folder where you saved the first torrent and choose this as your download location.
4 Right click and choose Force Re-Check. It takes a few seconds and the result should be that you have something less than 100% of the torrent downloaded. 
5 Right click and chose start. Now download should start and you´ll only have to download the missing parts.
6 Now you can help seeding. Thank you!


The Animals were an English music group of the 1960s known in the United States as part of the British Invasion. The group formed in Newcastle upon Tyne during the early part of the decade, then relocated to London. Known for their gritty, bluesy sound and deep-voiced frontman Eric Burdon – as exemplified by their number one signature song "The House of the Rising Sun" as well as by hits such as "We Gotta Get Out of This Place" and "It's My Life" – the band balanced tough, rock-edged pop singles against rhythm and blues-oriented album material. The prominent keyboard work of Alan Price gave the band another distinctive aspect to their sound. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Animals


Review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine (AMG)
Released by the Holland-based company Disky, the single-disc collection Original Hits contains all of the Animals' biggest hits and best cuts from their British Invasion peak — meaning everything before the group fractured and Eric Burdon started up the New Animals. This collection may not offer much in the way of liner notes (just John Tobler's good testimonial) and the sound isn't spectacular (not bad by any means, but it hasn't been remastered), but this does offer more than ABKCO's domestic collection and it's easier to digest than EMI's double-disc set The Compleat Animals, so it very well might be
the compilation of choice for many listeners. 


The Animals - Original Hits
Disky Records 1995, mono

01  The Animals - Original Hits - The House Of The Rising Sun  
02  The Animals - Original Hits - We've Gotta Get Out Of This Place  
03  The Animals - Original Hits - Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood  
04  The Animals - Original Hits - Bring It On Home To Me  
05  The Animals - Original Hits - Boom Boom  
06  The Animals - Original Hits - Memphis Tennessee  
07  The Animals - Original Hits - Baby Let Me Take You Home  
08  The Animals - Original Hits - Club-A-Gogo  
09  The Animals - Original Hits - I'm Mad Again  
10  The Animals - Original Hits - It's My Life  
11  The Animals - Original Hits - Bright Lights Big City  
12  The Animals - Original Hits - The Story Of Bo Diddley  
13  The Animals - Original Hits - She Said Yeah  
14  The Animals - Original Hits - Around And Around  
15  The Animals - Original Hits - The Girl Can't Help It  
16  The Animals - Original Hits - I've Been Around  
17  The Animals - Original Hits - How You've Changed  
18  The Animals - Original Hits - I'm Crying
 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:wpfwxqu0ld6e
