 http://img207.imageshack.us/img207/5567/20100313110954601.jpg






Style Clinic: How to Look Fabulous All the Time, at Any Age, for Any Occasion

HARPER COLLINS

PAULR REED
William Morrow 

English 

2009-02-01 

ISBN: 0060793546  

272 pages 

PDF 

12.6 MB


Fashion's best-kept secrets from London's leading fashion authority 

Why is it that simply getting dressed in the morning can be a bewildering experience? Last month's must-haves date you faster than a frizzy perm, and before the credit-card bill is paid, some expert is telling you your latest fashion fantasy is now "so last season." The more you buy, the less it seems you have to wear. 

Knowing what works and what doesn't, how and when to shop, how best to dress your body shape, and how to work an accessory like a styling pro will propel you on your way to fashion nirvana: the effortlessly chic set. With timeless tips and practical advice, fashion editor Paula Reed proves that you don't have to have a big budget, a whole new wardrobe, or the latest fad to look great. 

Transform your life with these expert lessons 


When to spend: what is worth a budget blowout and what can be a cheap buy. 

How to find the fabulous in every figure: dress thin, tall, and timeless . . . promise! 

Secrets of the successful shopper: how to know if it's eek! or chic! 

The essential proportions of the perfect pants, the jacket you'll love forever, and dresses to die for. 

And much more—on coats, suits, shirts, shoes, bags, and essential accessories. Here you'll find everything else you need to release your individual style. 
Each chapter focuses on a particular element of fashion—coats, dresses, suits, bags, jewelry—making it easy to navigate the world of fashion. From eveningwear to work wear, weekends to big nights out, from the boardroom to the home office, Reed covers it all with warmth, wit, and intelligence. With a little basic skill, deftly applied, you can have confidence in knowing that what you put on looks great and serves you well. Whatever your age, whether you have a big budget or are flat broke, Style Clinic will help make fashion work for you..................................




ENJOY...................


[/color][/code][/b]