File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Enrique Iglesias feat. Pitbull - I Like It (Jersey Shore Version)(2nafish)


This video has no logos or titles.


"I Like It" is a Dance pop song performed by Spanish pop singer-songwriter Enrique Iglesias featuring American  rapper Pitbull released as the first English single from his upcoming bilingual studio album on May 3, 2010. The song is produced by RedOne and interpolates Lionel Richie’s 1983 classic "All Night Long (All Night)". The song will be included on the official soundtrack to MTV's Jersey Shore.

A music video was filmed along with Pitbull directed by Wayne Isham. It begins with Iglesias and Pitbull going to the party where later Iglesias start to sing, in the second verse of the song, Iglesias start to dance over a table. On the Pitbull's verse, it shows him talking with some women and later beside to Iglesias, in last verse, it shows Enrique playing with some girls in a bed, finally the video ends when Iglesias leaves the party smiling. The music video was premiered on May 19, 2010 at Thesun.co.uk.

An alternate version of the video featuring the MTV's Jersey Shore cast was also released, the music video for this version was released on June 7, 2010, directed by David Rousseau. On this version the Jersey Shore cast appears on the video dancing in a club, while Pitbull and Enrique sing the song.

Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler (born May 8, 1975), better known as Enrique Iglesias, is a Spanish pop music singer-songwriter.

Iglesias started his musical career on Mexican Indie label Fonovisa, which helped turn him into one of the most popular artists in Latin America and in the Latino market in the United States, and the biggest seller of Spanish language albums for a number of years. Before the turn of the millennium, he made a crossover into the mainstream English language market, signing a unique multi-album deal with Universal Music for an unprecedented $48,000,000, with Universal Music Latino to release his Spanish albums and Interscope to release English albums. In 2010, he parted with Interscope and signed with another Universal Music Group label, Universal Republic.

Iglesias has had two Billboard Hot 100 #1s and one #3, and holds the record for producing 21 number 1 Spanish-language singles on the Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks.

Armando Christian Pérez (born January 14, 1981), better known by his stage name Pitbull, is an American rapper. His first recorded performance was from the Lil Jon album Kings of Crunk in 2002, after which he released his debut album in 2004 titled M.I.A.M.I.  (short for Money Is a Major Issue) under TVT Records. Since then, he has released two other albums under the label, El Mariel in 2006 and The Boatlift in 2007. He is also the host of his own Spanish-language program on the cable channel Mun2 titled La Esquina (Spanish for The Corner).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

