Cisco IOS for Dynamips, Dynagen and GNS3 - December 2009
----------------------------------------------------------

This is my collection of Cisco IOS for use with Dynamips.

The originals .bin files has been unzipped and renamed to .image,
and recompressed with RAR to save disk space. Dynamips works
better with an unzipped IOS, the router boot faster. You need
to decompress the file with WinRar, UnRar, 7Zip, etc, to obtain
the .image file and store it in the image folder.

This compilation includes several IOS for PIX (IOS and ASDM) and
special IOS called Pagent and Callgen.

Pagent is a set of data networking test tools, based on the
Cisco IOS (Internetwork Operating System) and developed
within Cisco. The test tools are included in special IOS
Pagent images.

Callgen is a set of Voice-Over-IP networking test tools,
based on the Cisco IOS and developed within Cisco. The
test tools are included in special IOS Callgen images.

The primary function of the Pagent and Callgen toolsets
is to provide cost effective test tools to the Cisco testing
community. The secondary function is to provide testing
capabilities that are not available anywhere else and can be
used in customer environments. One essential function is to
generate valid simulated traffic necessary for testing
networks under stress. The tools are not able to test the
physical network layer and some parts of the data-link layer;
that is, they can not affect frame checksums, preambles, inter
frame gap times, inject hardware failures, or transmit invalid
packet sizes.

The Pagent programs are best used for testing layer 3
protocols and above; that is, emulating routing protocols,
multicast, TCP sessions and HTTP sessions.

Pagent is an enhanced Cisco IOS image that contains both
Advanced IP or IP Base Services and the IP traffic generation
tools. Pagent generates realistic traffic and bottlenecks to
test QoS features such as IP Classification, IP Marking, and
Queuing.

CallGen is a Cisco IOS-based bulk call generation tool
implemented through extensions to the regular Cisco IOS image,
which provides commands and utilities used to simulate
originating and terminating calls on routers and access servers.

The file "Patch for Dynamips.txt" contains the instructions
for patch Dynamips (for use with Dynagen or GNS3) to use this IOS.

In every folder, the TXT file includes the description of
all IOS: name, features and RAM memory in Mb.
