Due to The Pirate Bays character set still being broken, and the edit torrent feature being broken too, I can not guarantee that it will not mess up the description, and I will have to replace the original name of the main character with Navis instead :).



As you all know, my Valhallas have been pushed back over 8 months because of another project, this one. My retexter worked on this project all this time, so I hope you will enjoy Wake.

Personally I find it to be one of the best european sci-fi comics, although it does of course not beat Valerian :)


This torrent include Wake 1-11, in the original uncencored form, and Navis 1-5.


Wake:
The protagonist of the series is Navis, a young human female who was shipwrecked and orphaned on an alien planet. She was raised from infancy by the ships robots and has never met another human being.

She lives a primitive life in the jungle of her world with her companion Houyo, a sentient tiger-like being. Her idyllic life ends when agents of Wake, a traveling civilization of many different alien species, arrive to Hotta-form (equivalent of terraform) her planet for Hottard colonization. Prior to encountering Navis, Wake had extremely limited contact with humanity.

After some first contact friction, Navis is awarded salvage rights to her wrecked spacecraft and joins Wake with enough money to pay for her education and to commission a custom spacecraft for her to live in. When her money runs out, she goes to work for the Wake government as an agent and explorer within the Wake convoy and on technologically primitive worlds.


Navis:
Navis is a comic about Navis childhood on her home planet, and are quite different from the main series. It is more comically drawn, more in the style of Le Petite Spirou than Wake, and the stories are also more fitted for children, without the moral dilemmas and problems of the main series.
It can of course still be enjoyed by adults, I myself love it :)


For more details on Wake, I recommend checking out the Wiki page. I dont think TPB like the link due to broken char set, so just visit Wikipedia and search for wake comic, it will the the first hit :)