 http://img28.imageshack.us/img28/1883/falloutnewvegas2010.jpg

Obsidian Entertainment (producer)
Bethesda Softworks (editor)
Cenega Poland (PL)
role-playing game
October 18, 2010 (world premiere)
October 22, 2010 (release date in Poland)
October 19, 2010 (U.S. release date)
play modes: single player: 1 DVD
age requirements: 18
Trailer..: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-x-1fm2cq8

Description:
Production of role-playing game, based on a graphics engine used in the production of Fallout 3 It presents a completely new storyline.
Fallout: New Vegas is another, the Fallout 3 game in the popular post-apocalyptic series initiated in 1997. The work was developed by the studio Obsidian Entertainment, responsible for the establishment of former members of Black Isle Studios, the producer reads the first two Fallout franchise.
Production focuses on presenting a conflict of three factions: the New California Republic, Caesar's Legion and residents of New Vegas. The player takes on the game in the courier / explorer (his stats are creating a test psychoanalytic), which saves before the death of his friend robot. The game is back, of course, the Pip-Boy, which we receive from the owner of the machine.
Gameplay in Fallout: New Vegas is an accurate reflection of the mechanics depicted in Fallout 3 We control is, therefore, the hero is constantly evolving, and we observe the action from the perspective views of TPP or FPP (depending on personal preference). Returns the combat system called VATS, which allows on the basis of the action points including stop the passage of time and tracing specific enemy body parts.
The player was given new moves and moves to close the gap. Among the innovations were also available earlier weapons, such as a rifle like the M4 or the minigun. Weapons can be modified to improve its properties (eg more magazine and optical sight for rifle hunting.) Our actions during the game affect not only food but also popular in the eyes of the various parties to the conflict.
Developers of the Obsidian also decided to link the system with the skills of dialogue. In the discussions based on the capacity side, for example, receive two texts: for a high level of skill (success) and low skill levels (failure). Putting both options allows players to show that they could do something in a given matter. Nothing can prevent the further to travel the game world were with us 2 or 3 helpers.
Graphic design was based on the modified graphics engine from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, also used in Fallout 3 Thanks to the authors were able to develop a detailed world, characterized by a well-molded open areas, and encourage you to visit a variety of building interiors.

System Requirements:
Dual Core 2 GHz, 2 GB RAM, graphic card 256 MB, 10 GB HDD, Windows XP/Vista/7

Technical Data:
Group ................: SKIDROW
Platform ............: PC
Size ..............: 6.24 GB
Number of Carriers .......: DVD9 1x
Language ................: English Polish
Additional Info .......: Crack

Installation:
1. Mount image. ISO
2. Join the installation.
3. Copy the contents of a DVD Folder skidrow root in the installation folder and replace.
4. Put Crack-a.
5. Play game
6. Replace Data Files in the game to get the Polish version, Activate the FalloutNVLauncher in Data Files and update.esp FalloutNV_lang.esp and play.