Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.
                             
                                  
         
              
                                       
                
                                  
                                  
                           
 
 
  
                   
                                 
                                           
                                           
                                           
 
  


                                PROUDLY PRESENTS

                  

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : KEYFiLE       
                            SIZE ......: 01 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.d16.pl 

                              
                    
                         
             
            
   When creating  Toraverb, we  did not   base it  on any current reverb  unit
   available   in  the  market.  We   did  not  implement  any off-the-shelf
   algorithm. Toraverb is not a  classic type reverb unit like  spring,  room,
   hall  or  plate.  Toraverb  is   a  concept  algorithm reverb. Using  a set
   of easily accessible  parameters, it allows the user to create  practically
   ANY type  of reverb.                                              
   
   Our goal   was to   create a   reverb which   would sound  pleasant  to the
   listener and  the output   could be tweaked in  many different ways by  the
   user.          
   
   Critical effect in any studio                        
   
   Reverb is a critical  effect in a mix.  Final results depend on the  reverb
   algorithm used and the  quality of the  implementation. Usually  reverb  is
   used as a send  effect  in which   many  channels in  a  mix are routed  to
   it.  If  a low   quality plug-in  or  hardware  unit  is   used,  the   end
   results  can   sound   very  disappointing with  the  reverb  tail sounding
   like it had been ripped-off in the mix.                    
   
   High quality of diffusion                            
   
   In  Toraverb, we   applied diffusing  algorithms  of  the highest  possible
   quality  based on modified  all-pass filters.  By  doing  this  and   using
   properly  tuned  parameters,  we  can  almost  entirely  eliminate unwanted
   flutter echo effects for every sound source.         
   
   Separate equalisation for early and late reflections 
   
   Toraverb   is   equipped  with    two   independent,  single  band,   fully
   parametric equalisers. One  is used to   EQ early   reflections   and   the
   other   to  EQ   late reflections.  This  is an  incredibly  useful feature
   which allows a lot   of control over the   character of the reverb  to give
   the most natural sound.           
   
   Modulated tail                                       
   
   Toraverb also has an  additional modulation  parameter which   affects  the
   diffusing  filters.  These   are  responsible for the  distribution  of the
   sound waves reflections in time. By changing the modulation,  the sound  of
   the reverb  tail can  be altered  to give a more realistic effect of  sound
   propagation.          
   
   Spatial reflections                                  
   
   To  give   a better   impression  of  physical  space,   we have  added  an
   innovative  spatial  reflection  algorithm  to   Toraverb.   It    improves
   spatial   reflections  by  allowing  cross-talking   of  reflected   stereo
   waves between stereo channels. This models what happens  in the real  world
   when a sound  audible only in  the  left ear  is reflected and  is heard in
   both ears.          
   
   Conslusion                                           
   
   Toraverb  is  a  very  versatile  reverb  unit.  The high  sound  quality,
   flexible  sound shaping  capabilities and  ease of use will be  appreciated
   by every producer  and sound  engineer.  Try  it out    we  know  you will
   love it!                                             
   
                                                       
   Full Features:                                       
      
                                                        
   high quality of diffusion algorithm                  
   
   modulated tail                                       
   
   cross-talking spatial reflections                    
   
   early and late reflections equalization              
   
   presets organised into groups                        
   
   midi learn function                                  
   
   64bit internal processing


  Changes in v1.2.0 PC

  improved performance (CPU usage decreased by 10-20%)

                          
   
   
                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Use Keygen to create your personal key
                     and place it into installation folder

                  3) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!!


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009