 http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

The Meters are an American funk band based in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Meters performed and recorded their own music from the late 1960s until 1977, and presently play together and in various combinations of musicians under the name the Funky Meters and the Original Meters. The band has also played an influential role as backing musicians for other artists, including Lee Dorsey and Dr John. While the The Meters rarely enjoyed significant mainstream success, they are considered one of the progenitors of funk music and their work is highly influential on many other bands, both their contemporaries and modern musicians working in the funk idiom. The Meters' sound is defined by an earthy combination of tight melodic grooves and highly syncopated New Orleans "second-line" rhythms under highly charged guitar and keyboard riffing. Their songs "Cissy Strut" and "Look-Ka Py Py" are considered funk classics. 
Art Neville, the group's frontman, launched a solo career around the New Orleans area in the mid-1950s while still in high school. The Meters formed in 1965 with a line-up of keyboardist and vocalist Art Neville, guitarist Leo Nocentelli, bassist George Porter Jr. and drummer Joseph "Zigaboo" Modeliste. They were later joined by percussionist/vocalist Cyril Neville. The Meters became the house band for Allen Toussaint and his record label, Sansu Enterprises.
In 1969 the Meters released "Sophisticated Cissy" and "Cissy Strut", both major R&B chart hits. "Look-Ka Py Py" and "Chicken Strut" were their hits the following year. After a label shift in 1972, the Meters had difficulty returning to the charts, but they played on several important records, working with Dr. John, Ernie K. Doe, Paul McCartney, King Biscuit Boy, Labelle, Robert Palmer and others.
In 1974 Paul McCartney invited the Meters to play at the release party for his Venus and Mars album aboard the Queen Mary in Long Beach, California. Mick Jagger of The Rolling Stones was in attendance at the event and was greatly taken with the Meters and their sound. The Rolling Stones invited the band to open for them on their Tour of America in 1975. That same year, the Meters recorded one of their most beloved and successful albums, Fire On The Bayou. From 1976 to '77 they played in The Wild Tchoupitoulas with George & Amos Landry and the Neville Brothers. The band broke up in 1977. Toussaint claimed the rights to the name "The Meters", so the musicians played under various other names and in various combinations for the rest of the decade.
They appeared on Saturday Night Live on March 19, 1977
In 1989, the members of The Meters appeared at the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival in an informal jam session and decided to reform. Zigaboo Modeliste was replaced with David Russell Batiste, Jr., a longtime collaborator with Allen Toussaint who had also worked with Robbie Robertson and Harry Connick, Jr.
In 1994, the departure of Leo Nocentelli led to the band inviting old friend Brian Stoltz into the fold as guitarist. Stoltz had been the guitarist for The Neville Brothers during the '80s, and during the '90s had done session work on records with Bob Dylan, Edie Brickell, Dr. John and Linda Ronstadt. With this new line up, the band was renamed the Funky Meters.
The original members of the Meters (including Modeliste and Nocentelli) have from time to time reformed for a limited number of shows in recent years. To differentiate from the Funky Meters, this version of the band is usually referred to as the Original Meters.

