. 
 
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Your Key To The Scene.


Now TvTeam with [No-RAR] Releases.


(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                    Erasing.David.2009.DOCU.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.05.27
              Genre...........: Documentary

       DAVID BOND lives in one of the most intrusive surveillance states 
       in the world. He decides to find out how much private companies 
       and the government know about him by putting himself under 
       surveillance and attempting to disappear  a decision that changes 
       his life forever. Leaving his pregnant wife and young child behind, 
       he is tracked across the database state on a chilling journey that 
       forces him to contemplate the meaning of privacy  and the loss of 
       it.
       
       Once the bastion of freedom and civil liberties, the UK is now one 
       of the most advanced surveillance societies in the world  ranked 
       third after Russia and China. The average UK adult is now 
       registered on over 700 databases and is caught daily on one of the 
       4 million CCTV cameras located on nearly every street corner in 
       the country. Increasingly monitored, citizens are being turned 
       into suspects. But if youve got nothing to hide, surely theres 
       nothing to fear?
       
       When David receives a letter informing him that his daughter Ivy 
       is among 25 million residents whose details have been lost by the 
       governments Child Benefit Office, he begins a journey that will 
       see him hounded across Europe.
       
       David soon discovers some alarming truths about what the 
       government and private companies already know about ordinary 
       citizens. He meets people who have been caught in the crossfire of 
       the database state and have had their lives shattered.
       
       As his concern grows, he makes a life-changing decision. He will 
       leave his pregnant wife and child behind and put himself under 
       surveillance for thirty days. The UKs top Private Investigators 
       are hired to discover everything they can about him and his family 
        and track David down as he attempts to vanish. Is it still 
       possible to live a private, anonymous life in the UK?  Or do the 
       state and private companies already know too much about ordinary 
       people?
       
       Forced to contemplate the meaning of privacy  and the loss of it, 
       Davids disturbing journey leaves him with no doubt that although 
       he has nothing to hide, he certainly has something to fear...


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai