Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Dani California" is the first single from the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers' ninth studio album, Stadium Arcadium. The single was first made available at the iTunes Music Store and then was officially released on May 2, 2006. The international radio premiere was April 3, 2006, when Don Jantzen from the Houston radio station KTBZ-FM, played "Dani California" continuously for his entire three hour program.

The single debuted on the The Billboard Hot 100 at #24 and peaked at #6, becoming the band's third single (after "Under the Bridge" and "Scar Tissue") to enter the top-ten. In addition, "Dani California" became the second song in history to debut at #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock chart, after R.E.M.'s 1994 hit "What's the Frequency, Kenneth?", and also charted at #1 on the Mainstream Rock charts. The song won two Grammy Awards, one for Best Rock Song and the other for Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal. It also marked the band's joint-biggest UK hit to date along with "By the Way", peaking at #2 in the UK Singles Chart, being kept out of #1 by Gnarls Barkley's "Crazy".

Stadium Arcadium is the ninth studio album by alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released on May 5, 2006, on Warner Bros. Records in Europe and May 9 in the United States. It sold 442,000 copies in the U.S. in the first week and debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. The album produced five singles: "Dani California", "Snow ((Hey Oh))", "Desecration Smile", "Hump De Bump", and "Tell Me Baby". According to the band's vocalist Anthony Kiedis, Stadium Arcadium was originally scheduled to be a trilogy of albums each released six months apart, but was eventually condensed into a double album.

The record was critically praised for integrating musical styles from several aspects of the band's career. The album gained the band seven Grammy Award nominations in 2007 including an award for Best Rock Album. It was the most nominations that the band had garnered in their 25-year career. Kiedis attributed the album's success to less abrasive dynamics within the band, saying that the band's "chemistry, when it comes to writing, is better than ever. There was always a struggle to dominate lyrically. But we are now confident enough in who we are, so everybody feels more comfortable contributing more and more valuable, quality stuff".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

