Official Web Site:  http://www.poloplanetsoft.com/content/products/imagephone/screenshot/iPhone-wallpaper-maker-screenshot.htm

iMagePhone is a iPhone wallpaper maker for Mac OS X. You may crop, resize, zoom and enhance your own image with the defined position and size according to exact parameters of the iPhone's and iPad display.

With iMagePhone, you can import iPhoto albums and add over 50 photo effects. Then save as iPhone or iPad wallpaper and upload directly to device, email to family and friends, save and organize into wallpapers gallery folders or export into different graphics formats. iMagePhone developed specifically for use with Apple's iPhone and helps custimize your iPad or iPhone/iPod Touch background by yourself.

Improve iPhone lock screen by adding text messages, notes or reminders to regular iPhone background. Text layer supports rich formatted text and adjustable font size. Predefined templates allow you to add textual information, such us random interesting facts or silly quotes
How to customize iPhone or iPad background.

You may resize wallpapers in simple image editor by using magnify and zoom tool. No need to define image size - wallpaper will automatically fit on iPhone background. You even may resize image to iPhone or iPad background just with once click thanks to zoom to fit feature.   

Learn how to make iPhone background

How to upload your wallpapers to iPhone.

iMagePhone natively supports iPhone and iPad, so no need to use iTunes for upload your wallpapers to iPhone. You may upload your favorite wallpapers with easy.

Crop, resize, rotate and zoom images

Wallpaper resizing is easy due to the adaptable and convenient image editor. You can create your own wallpaper to best fit on iPhone background.

Photo Effects

Add over 50 photo effects and image filters to your wallpapers: Glow, Neon, Color Pencil, Kaleidoscope, Sharpness, Brightness, Sepia and more. Photo effects are powered by Core Image and Quartz Composer filters. View samples...

Add Text to Wallpaper

Add reminders, contact information or custom text to iPhone backgrounds

iCal integration

Add month, week or day calendar events for selected date. Display birthday calendar right on your iPhone lock screen.

iPhoto integration

Allows automatic creation of wallpapers from your iPhoto library. Prepares images for better compatibility with iPhone display.

Free Backgrounds

Over 80 original Mac OS X wallpapers and beautiful backgrounds for your iPhone/iPod Touch to choose from nature, abstract and more.

Organize Wallpapers

You can collect your favorite wallpapers in the gallery and upload them to your iPhone/iPod Touch. Gallery organizes all backgrounds in folders.

Preview on virtual iPhone display

Look at your background before transferring to iPhone or adding to wallpapers gallery.

Upload wallpapers to iPhone

Native iPhone support allows uploading backgrounds easily. Backup iPhone.

Store critical iPhone data, themes, music and photos on your Mac. Transfer preferences and media files to new Apple iPhone firmware. Both original and jailbroken firmware are supported

System requirements

Mac OS X 10.5 or higher
35 MB of available space

-->> PLEASE SEED <<--