THANKS TO FQM, NoTV, POW4, FEVER
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1307824/episodes

Season 1

Season 1, Episode 1: Pilot

Original Air Date—3 November 2009

On a day like any other, all of Earth is shocked with the 
arrival of large alien spacecraft that appear over major cities. 
The aliens themselves appear benign, offering to exchange their 
advanced technologies in return for replenishing their supplies. 
The aliens' spokesperson, Anna, is downright charming eventually 
focusing on news reporter Chad Decker as a means of seducing Earth's 
population. Earthlings are soon divided into two camps: those who welcome 
the Visitors with open arms and those, like Father Jack Landry, who see them
as a threat. For FBI Agent Erica Evans, it's work as usual but as a single 
parent, she is concerned with her son Tyler's apparent obsession with the 
new arrivals. She also learns that the terrorist cell she has been 
investigating may have been made up of Visitors.

Season 1, Episode 2: There Is No Normal Anymore

Original Air Date—10 November 2009

As the Visitors continue negotiations with the United States and other 
countries to establish diplomatic relations, opponents begin to slowly 
piece together the extent to which they have already infiltrated human 
society. FBI Agent Erica Evans is still reeling over the realization that 
her FBI partner of seven years was actually an alien. Her cover story for 
the warehouse shooting soon falls apart but she and her boss soon discover 
clues into the web of deceit that exists. They also realize that virtually 
anyone could be one of them. Erica is also worried about her son Tyler who is 
enamored with the Visitors and the pretty Lisa in particular. His response to 
a group of hecklers damages his chances of remaining in the aliens good books. 
Finally, TV journalist Chad Decker decides to get back at Anna and the Visitors 
by hosting an honest discussion on the pros and cons of opening diplomatic 
relations with them.

Season 1, Episode 3: A Bright New Day

Original Air Date—17 November 2009

With the signing of a treaty and the opening of diplomatic relations, 
the Visitors are formally granted entry to the United States. Anna sees 
a potential problem as the leader of the anti-Visitors movement, whose 
husband was killed the day they arrived, seems to be getting a lot of 
public sympathy and support. Anna sets out to win her over. Erica and 
Father Jack Landry try to identify who might have been involved in the 
warehouse killings but unbeknown to her, her FBI partner Dale survived 
and is being treated aboard the mother ship. When threats of assassination 
are made against the Visitors, Erica finds herself being assigned to protect 
them. It also becomes apparent that the Visitors are manipulating virtually 
everyone around them. Erica's son Tyler invites Lisa home but his Mom shows 
up at an inopportune moment. The Visitor fifth columnists begin to organize.

Season 1, Episode 4: It's Only the Beginning

Original Air Date—24 November 2009

The Visitors continue to try and win favor with the population, this time 
by announcing that they will share their medical knowledge. Not only are 
they sharing advanced medical scanning techniques but they announce they 
will make available to all a new supercharged vitamin treatment. Erica, 
Jack and fifth columnist Ryan Nichols learn that they are in fact putting 
a drug in regular flu shots. Meanwhile, Anna agrees with Lisa that Erica's 
son Tyler is exactly the person they want for their future plans. Anna also 
learns that Dale, Erica's one-time FBI partner, was killed aboard the ship 
and takes steps to identify the fifth columnist who may be responsible. 
Ryan's wife Valerie has some important news for him.
