Fist of Fear, Touch of Death, also known as The Dragon and the Cobra, is a 1980 martial arts film about a martial arts tournament at Madison Square Garden that will determine the "successor" to Bruce Lee. It is hosted by future Oscar-nominee Adolph Caesar, it is really more of a collection of martial arts-related stock footage strung together by the clothesline of the Madison Square Garden plot. Keep in mind this is NOT a Bruce Lee movie..

TV reporter Adolph Caesar is outside Madison Square Garden before the start of a martial arts tournament that will apparently determine the "successor" to the legacy of Bruce Lee. He interviews martial arts promotor Aaron Banks, who says that Lee was actually killed by a kung fu move called "The Touch of Death."
From inside Madison Square Garden, Caesar talks about some of the competitors (including Bill Louie, who, while in the ring, pokes an opponents eyes out and flings them into the audience). He talks about the legacy of Bruce Lee, and shows some "interview" footage he did with Lee shortly before his death. (The Lee footage is actually scenes of him on the TV show Longstreet with new dialogue awkwardly dubbed in the soundtrack). Then, Caeser flashes back to earlier in the day, when action star Fred Williamson went through a number of wacky obstacles to get to the tournament. Another action star, Ron Van Clief is also profiled and interviewed. Van Clief is then seen saving a woman from being raped.
The middle section of the film is devoted to "The Bruce Lee Story," a chronicle of Bruce Lee's early years in China, where he is depicted as being "karate crazy," much to the dismay of his parents (the footage from this section of the story is from the 1957 Bruce Lee film Thunderstorm, and has been redubed). The film purports that he was learning karate to live up to the legacy of his great grandfather, who was "one of China's greatest Samurai masters" (China did not actually have Samurai, which were Japanese warriors; in addition, the footage for this sequence is from Invincible Super Chan). Later, Lee leaves home and lands a career as an actor, which leads to a scene of Bill Louie, dressed as Kato from The Green Hornet, saving two female joggers from being raped near the World War II memorial in Battery Park in broad daylight.
After Caesar announces the conclusion of "The Bruce Lee Story," we're back in Madison Square Garden, where a number of performers are showcased. Caesar interviews Fred Williamson, who denounces the idea of a contest to determine Bruce Lee's successor.
The grande finale is devoted to a two-round boxing match, in which Louis Neglia reigns victorious. Adolph Caesar concludes the film with a final thought.