Conquer information overload, simplify project planning and communicate more clearly with MindManager software.

MindManager information maps provide an intuitive visual framework that foster clarity, innovative thinking and communication to improve business results.

Only £233.83
(£199 Excl. VAT)

MindManager’s visual information maps (mind maps) start with a central theme, and then add branches with ideas, notes, images, tasks, hyperlinks and attachments. Easily import from or export to Microsoft Office. Use MindManager maps to capture and organize information, and you’ll quickly transform your thoughts and ideas into fine-tuned documents, compelling presentations and winning strategies. MindManager gives you with a better way to brainstorm, organize facts, plan projects and communicate results.

•Accomplish More Faster
Clearly align and organize information, ideas, and strategies to be more productive.
•Ensure Project Success
Achieve active participation in project planning and goals setting to fully engage the project team.
•Communicate More Effectively
Organize and present in a visual context to ensure understanding and improve retention.
Quick Resources: Datasheet | Version Comparison


Accomplish More, Faster
Start your work in MindManager
Gain new perspectives by organizing your work with MindManager. You can step back, see the big picture and then drill into all of the important details. 


Capture ideas, information and more...
It's easy to capture everything – notes, hyperlinks, attached files, spreadsheets and more. Or, simply import documents and project plans. With everything in a single dynamic view, you'll uncover relationships, draw important connections and reorganize content into clear communications. 


Avoid timely rework
Once everything is organized in MindManager, with a click you can export content to Microsoft® Word or PowerPoint®, saving something really valuable, your time.


 
Ensure Project Success
Define, align and engage
Project success depends on getting things right from the start. Using maps to quickly display and organize input, fosters active participation in project planning and goals setting. Gather requirements, generate new ideas and facilitate collaborative problem-solving via MindManager's visual brainstorming. 


Build accurate project plans
With everyone fully participating, you'll create more realistic plans and schedules by mapping out your tasks, optimizing resource assignments and defining dependencies and timelines. The new Gantt chart view lets you see the plan take shape as you define it. Track everything in MindManager, or export your work directly into Microsoft Project. 


Improve project collaboration
Add Mindjet Catalyst to increase team participation and alignment even more by providing everyone access to up-to-date status and project information in project maps stored in shared workspaces.

Communicate More Effectively
Make meetings and presentations come alive
Conduct your meetings and presentations with MindManager to make the most of everyone's time. Even if you've never used MindManager before, you'll find it surprisingly simple. 

Organize and present everything in a visual context to ensure clear understanding and dramatically improve retention. 


Facilitate dynamic meetings
MindManager's easy-to-use interface lets you navigate through your presentation map one step at a time without ever losing context. Jump to any topic with a click of the mouse and easily respond to questions with all the backup details. 

Use the new Slideshow mode to have total control of what to present and how you'd like to show it. Either way, MindManager is the most dynamic way to present information and immediately capture feedback in context. Use it to solve problems, brainstorm ideas, capture action items and easily share your results on the web or with interactive PDF files.