At the recent Game Crazy retail event footage was leaked of more Modern Warfare gameplay, and while most people took a quick look at the clip and then closed the browser, the more obsessed COD gunners around the IGN office couldn't take our eyes off it. Well, our obsession has paid off, as there are a few pieces of info – nuggets, if you will – for those looking forward to the game's 11.10.09 release. 

 

Keep in mind that the footage is of low quality, so until officially confirmed we can only speculate, but there are a few goodies to be sure. First off, the single player clip shows obvious set pieces that prove it to be Rio de Janeiro. The classic giveaway – the "Christ the Redeemer" statue – can be seen in the background at the 43 second mark. In this mission you're obviously playing as Soap, and audio heard in the level supports the idea that you're in fact going after the arms dealer Rojas (1:30) in the middle of the Brazilian shanty town. You're called to fire at a target (perhaps Rojas) in a non-lethal position, and after a quick tag in the leg the team pushes on. 

During the mission your commanding officer also mentions that there are civilians present, obviously setting up some difficulty street combat commonly found in recent US battles – ie: Fallujah/Iraq – and after the group scatters the real firefight begins. Soap pursues a few targets in through a shanty window, and crosses back out into the street. Most people have missed this, however. As he walks out the door (1:28) you see not only a mini uzi (now confirmed for the first time) and another unidentified gun. With that second weapon, however, the words "W/Shotgun" can be made out, suggesting that masterkey (or under mounted) shotguns can be added to rifles in the game, similar to how M203 grenade launchers were included in the original Modern Warfare. If that's the case, we'd also assume this means the shotgun latch-on would also be included as a possible attachment in multiplayer; not bad. 

All of this is still unconfirmed by Activision, but if our CSI-like investigations are correct there's plenty to look forward to in Modern Warfare 2, and even more goodies in the form of attachments, perks, and options left to come. 

More as it develops. 










FOLLOW STEPS AFTER STEPS IN README!! IMPORTANT!!