Another week of Coast To Coast AM.
Also included : Art Bell:Somewhere in Time, Classic Shows, Dreamland, and RadioOutThere.
A big THANKS to all those who continue to seed..


Coast To Coast AM

Remote Viewing Updates
Monday January 4, 2010
Maj. Ed Dames returned to discuss current cases his agency is working on, as well as updates on solar activity and other events. Last hour guest, earth changes expert Mitch Battros shared reports of recent activity.
Host: George Noory
Guest s : Major Ed Dames, Mitch Battros

Traveling with Wands
Tuesday January 5, 2010
Neil Slade discussed his new work on how wands can actually help us traverse multiple dimensions Last hour guest, privacy advocate Katherine Albrecht shared concerns that most search engines such as Google are compiling data on their users.
Host: George Noory
Guest s : Neil Slade, Katherine Albrecht

Govt. Money Revelations & Paranormal Journeys
Wednesday January 6, 2010
In the first half of the show, former commodity trading advisor Walter Burien revealed the massive scope of government finance and investments. In the latter portion of the program, writer  #   Jessica Maxwell discussed her paranormal journey,
Host: George Noory
Guest s : Walter Burien, Jessica Maxwell

The Other Side
Thursday January 7, 2010
Renowned near-death researcher Dr. Raymond Moody was joined by editor and author Roy Abraham Varghese for a discussion about life-after-death, and what lies on the other side. Moody said he'd recently become more confident about the reality of...
Host: George Noory
Guest s : Roy Varghese, Raymond Moody, Joshua P. Warren

Open Lines
Friday January 8, 2010
In the first hour, George Noory spoke with Ann Druyan, widow of the late astronomer Carl Sagan, and Michael Harrison, director of At Home in  #   the Cosmos with Annie Druyan. Open Lines followed. The final half hour featured part of George's...
Host: George Noory
Guest s : Open Lines, Ann Druyan, Michael Harrison

Visionaries of the 60s
Saturday January 9, 2010
Ian Punnett was joined by journalist Don Lattin for a discussion of charismatic visionaries whose mind expansion experiments and turbulent relationships changed American culture forever.
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest s : Don Lattin

'Star Trek' Memories
Sunday January 10, 2010
Ian Punnett welcomed Oscar nominated screenwriter and director Nicholas Meyer  book  #   link , discussed his secrets to crafting great stories  #   and shared what it was like working with 'Kirk' and 'Spock' on the Starship Enterprise. In the...
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest s : Nicholas Meyer, Paul Milo

 
Art Bell: Somewhere in Time
Saturday January 9, 2010
Art Bell: Somewhere in Time returned to 8/19/97, when rocket scientist David Adair shared an incredible story of how he was taken to Area 51 to see an alien spacecraft  #  .
Host: Art Bell - Somewhere In Time
Guest s : David Adair

Classic Coast to Coast AM
Time Travel
Saturday November 13, 2004
Theoretical physicist Dr. Fred Alan Wolf discussed his speculations on the nature of time, as well as his belief that a device would be built within this century that allows travel through time. Wolf suggested the first time traveling device... More
Host: Art Bell
Guest s : Fred Alan Wolf

Classic Coast to Coast AM
Experiments of Stanley Milgram
Tuesday April 4, 2006
Professor  #   of Psychology at the University of Maryland, Dr. Thomas Blass discussed the work of social psychologist Dr. Stanley Milgram, who pioneered controversial human obedience experiments. More
Host: George Noory
Guest s : James McCanney, Thomas Blass

 
Dreamland
Saturday January 9th, 2010
Intelligence Community Child Abuse
We begin a two week exploration of whether or not children have ever been utilized by US intelligence agencies in abusive programs. Have children been the victims of brainwashing, drug and mind control experiments?

RadioOutThere
January 7th, 2010
Program 263
JZ Knight  #   - Channel for Ramtha the 35,000 year old Warrior
Jill Thomas - Energetic Health - How To Overcome Fatigue


'till next week..........
happy listening,
Mic 