anyone who collects this artist, please SEED, rare item once dead its gone forever!

2009 Sleeping And Hiding [LP] Limited edition of 500 copies were made of this release....

Tracklisting: Side A and Side B

A1 City Rain
A2 Spring Song
A3 Falling Trees
A4 Midnight Ride
A5 Hiding

B1 Dusk
B2 Dark Roads
B3 Bird Girl
B4 The Dead Period
B5 Sleeping

Tor Lundvall is also a musician, and his compositions are often described as dark, ambient music. His first self-produced album, "Passing Through Alone" (1997) could be categorized in the Industrial music genre, as it shared little in common musically with subsequent releases. At the time "Passing Through Alone" was only available at Lundvall's gallery showings, and has since been taken out of print.

Lundvall's music came to prominence with the release of "Autumn Calls" (1998), a collaboration with Tony Wakeford released on the now defunct British record label World Serpent Distribution. Three solo albums followed, continuing the seasons-themed concept: "Ice" (1999), "The Mist" (2001) and "Under the Shadows of Trees" (2003).

After the demise of World Serpent in 2004, Tor Lundvall released his recordings through the American label Strange Fortune until November 2008. His releases for Strange Fortune included "Last Light" (2004), "Empty City" (2006) and the "Yule" EP (2006). "Empty City" featured Lundvall's first attempt at an instrumental approach for an entire album. All of Tor Lundvall's recordings are mastered by his brother Kurt Lundvall.

Tor Lundvall's music has evolved over the years from early pop songs, to a more ambient sound, which he personally finds difficult to describe or categorize. "I suppose one could call it 'ghost ambient'! I approach my music in a visual way, starting with a very basic idea and slowly building on it. The tracks are essentially paintings with music and their titles usually reflect the contents. I have also gained a new respect for the piano over the past several years, which plays a major part in my recordings. Although I tend to use electronics and samplers, I always approach music in a natural, organic way. All samples are created at home, usually in the bedroom. I loathe patch presets and use them only rarely. In fact the process of recording is so complex, that the 'equipment used' section printed in my CD booklets is basically useless. I find that my recent recordings are becoming progressively more instrumental and ambient in nature, although the music still retains a strong sense of melody. As with my paintings, my music has always existed in a private world of its own."