. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

             Lets.Dance.For.Sport.Relief.2010.Part1.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.02.23
              Genre...........: Entertainment

       1/4 - The entertainment spectacular returns with presenters 
       Claudia Winkleman and Steve Jones. Some of Britain's best-known 
       and well-loved comedians, sportsmen and television personalities 
       step into their dancing shoes to raise money for Sport Relief, 
       after comedian Robert Webb's rendition of Flashdance won over 
       viewers who voted him champion of Let's Dance for Comic Relief in 
       2009.
       
       Each episode, three different celebrity guests offer words of wit 
       and wisdom as they review the acts. The guest panellists include 
       comedians Frank Skinner, Jason Manford, Jack Dee and Miranda Hart.
       
       Top choreographers help the celebrity dancers perfect their 
       routine before they take to the floor to give the performance of 
       their lives. They only have one shot to make their mark, and who 
       gets to the final is up to the viewers. The most popular act in a 
       telephone vote goes straight through the final; the panel decides 
       which of the two runners-up joins them. A portion of the revenue 
       from each vote goes to Sport Relief.
       
       As well as celebrity dancing, the first show features exclusive 
       performances from pop boyband JLS and girl group the Sugababes.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai