The Valley of Horses – Earth’s Children 2
by Jean M. Auel 

Unabridged - MP3 format

The Valley of Horses was released in September 1982. Ayla, cast out of the Clan, has been forced to follow the advice given her in the first book by her dying foster-mother Iza. She goes in search of "the Others" — that is, people like herself: European Cro-Magnon homo sapiens, early-modern humans returned west and north to Europe after an incubation period of tens of millennia in the near and far east. She settles in a small valley for the winter and lives alone for nearly three years. During that period, she is free to explore innovative and creative impulses, including raising and training animals whilst coping with the strength and speed limitations of a single human being who must hunt wild game with primitive technology.

At the same time, an 18-year-old Cro-Magnon man named Jondalar of the Zelandonii begins a traditional "long journey" with his younger brother, Thonolan, but takes the tradition to an extreme by deciding to undertake a multi-year trip, not a seasonal long journey as is typical. The narrative detailing Thonolon and Jondalar's trip from the Alps alternates, in counterpoint, with Ayla's story, introducing various Upper Paleolithic historical epoch cultures as visualized by Ms. Auel, as the brothers travel the long Danube River valley. They meet different peoples in the sparsely-settled and varied lands, as the great river gathers together the waters of two great mountain ranges and their foothills.

One common factor amongst these peoples is a religious belief in a "Great Earth Mother" or "Mother of All", which appears in their lore and influences their tribal names in one form or another. Auel incorporates the actual cultural artifacts known as the Venus figurines as a significant part of most these observances. These stauettes are tokens of the Great Mother of All and used in fertility rites ("First Rites"), festivals to honor the Mother (including ritual permitted mate-swapping), and for protection (one is left to guard the premises when semi-migratory inhabitants head off to summer meetings and hunts. Auel suggests that various tribal groups pursued different anthropological means of organisation and leadership-government modes, so that each culture was distinct, albeit possessing similar myths and religious beliefs, whatever language it used and whatever name it gave to the "Mother of All".

Predictably, Ayla and Jondalar meet and fall in love, quarrel, and experience mutual cultural shocks and misunderstandings. Along the way, Ayla discovers fire-starting, using flint and steel (Iron Pyrites). Lonely for the child she left behind, she domesticates animals (an impulse also triggered by the loathing of hyenas with whom she has a "history") and learns to apply her inventiveness and problem-solving to the need to hunt large animals. Given that she was not trained or welcome in the hunting parties among Broud's clan, she must invent, for each new case, new techniques. Along the way, she accidentally comes to train her adopted horse to do her bidding and go where she wants. She also invents both the harness rig and travois, allowing her to harness the sturdy steppe-pony's strength and speed, to her own benefit and that of the animal.

Ayla repeats that domestication with the foundling cub of a gigantic cave lion. Named by her "Baby", in the language of the Clan, he leaves her care after reaching maturity but is later responsible for the death of Jondalar's brother Thonolan, when the men trespass into his territory. Because Ayla raised the cave lion, she is able to rescue Jondalar after he is seriously mauled. Ayla nurses Jondalar back to health, and the two fall in love.