Priscilla, Queen of the Desert: The Musical by Stephan Elliott and Allan Scott.


A stage adaptation of the 1994 film, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert. Featuring well-known pop and disco songs as the score.

Two drag queens and a transsexual embark on a road trip from Sydney to Alice Springs and a camp time is had by all.

Put on your glitter shoes and your tightest disco hot-pants and prepare to boogie.

01. Overture
02. Downtown - The Divas and Company
03. I've Never Been to Me - Tick and the Divas
04. What's Love Got To Do With It? - Miss Understanding
05. Don't Leave Me This Way - Bernadette, Tick and Company
06. Venus - Felicia and the Boys
07. Go West - Bernadette, Tick, Adam and Company
08. I Say a Little Prayer - Tick and the Divas
09. I Love The Nightlife - Shirley, Bernadette, Mitzi, Felicia and Company
10. Both Sides Now / Follie! Delirio vano è questo! Sempre libera - Bernadette, Tick, Adam and the Divas
11. Colour My World - Adam, Tick, Bernadette and Company
12. I Will Survive - Bernadette, Adam, Tick, Jimmy and Company
13. Thank God I'm a Country Boy - The Company
14. A Fine Romance - Young Bernadette and Les Girls
15. Shake Your Groove Thing - Mitzi, Bernadette, Felicia and the Divas
16. Pop Muzik - Cynthia and Company
17. A Fine Romance (Reprise) - Bob
18. Girls Just Wanna Have Fun - The Divas and Adam
19. Hot Stuff - Felicia, the Divas and Bernadette
20. MacArthur Park - Bernadette, Tick, Adam and Company
21. Boogie Wonderland - Marion and Company
22. The Morning After - Mitzi, Bernadette, Felicia and the Divas
23. I Say a Little Prayer / Always on My Mind - Tick and Benji
24. We Belong - Felicia, Mitzi and Bernadette
25. Finale - Medley: Finally/Shake Your Groove Thing/Hot Stuff/I Love the Nightlife/I Will Survive - The Company

Original cast:

Tick (Mitzi) - Jeremy Stanford
Bernadette - Tony Sheldon
Adam (Felicia) - Daniel Scott
Marion - Marney McQueen
Bob - Michael Caton
Shirley - Genevieve Lemon
Cynthia - Lena Cruz
Miss Understanding - Trevor Ashley
Jimmy - Kirk Page
Frank - Ben Lewis
Young Bernadette - Damien Ross
The Divas - Danielle Barnes, Sophie Carter, Amelia Cormack
Benjamin - Joshua Arkey, Alec Epsimos, Rowan Scott, Joel Slater

Fully tagged, with cover art.

Ripped to LAME VBR MP3 using EAC command line -V 6 --vbr-new %s %d

I recommend foobar2000 or iTunes for proper gapless playback on a PC or MAC as some of the tracks run into each other. 
http://www.foobar2000.org/ 
http://www.apple.com/itunes/