=p0wersurge presents=

iJailbreak Kit v1.0

MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A BACKUP OF YOUR iPhone BEFORE ATTEMPTING ANY OF THIS OR YOU WILL LOSE ALL PICS, CONTACTS, MESSAGES etc.

Works On:

iPhone 2G (IPSW's not included)
iPhone 3G (Confirmed)
iPhone 3Gs (Old Bootrom)(Confirmed)
iPod Touch 1G (Unconfirmed)(IPSW's not included)
iPod Touch 2G (Unconfirmed)(IPSW's not included)
iPod Touch 3G (Confirmed)(IPSW's not included)(MB and MC Models)

I'll break it down into steps.

You need:

3.1.2 IPSW
3.1.3 IPSW
blackra1n
blackbreeze
redsn0w
(all are included)

Step 1

Hold the power button and home button for ten seconds while the iPhone is turned off and connected to your computer. Then release the power button and continue holding the home button for another 10 seconds until you see your phone enter recovery mode or hear the connection sound.

Step 2

On iTunes, hold Shift and click on Restore. Open the 3.1.2 IPSW file you downloaded earlier. As it completes, you will get an error. THIS IS NORMAL!!

Step 3

Open blackra1n. If it tells you that a file called "asl.dll" is missing, it will not work, so quit blackra1n and open blackbreeze. Follow the easy instructions to fix blackra1n. Then open the newly-made version, usually called "blackra1n-fixed.exe".

Step 4

Use blackra1n to jailbreak your iPhone. When it has finished, notice you won't have a Carrier. Don't worry about this, it gets fixed.

Step 5

Hold the power button and home button for ten seconds while the iPhone is turned off and connected to your computer. Then release the power button and continue holding the home button for another 10 seconds until you see your phone enter recovery mode or hear the connection sound.

Step 6

On iTunes, hold Shift and click on Restore. Open the 3.1.3 IPSW file you downloaded earlier. It will restore to the 3.1.3 firmware. You will notice your Carrier has returned.

Step 7

Restore your iPhone to the backup you made earlier. When it has reinstalled all your data, photos, contacts etc. then proceed to the next step.

Step 8

Open redsn0w. It will ask for the IPSW of your currently installed firmware. Do not select the 3.1.3 IPSW as it will not work, instead open the 3.1.2 IPSW. Let it jailbreak your iPhone.

Then after all that is done, you SHOULD be on 3.1.3 firmware with the modem firmware still at 5.12.01 AND you can call and text Smile

S'good!!

=p0wersurge=