Format: Animated, Color, Dolby, DVD, NTSC 
Language: English (Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo), Japanese (Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo) 

Jiyu "Jubei" Nanohana and her ineffectual father recently moved to the country from Tokyo, so she's a new student at Hontsuru Junior High. She immediately wins the hearts of the proudly "unrefined" Bantaro and the elegant kendo champion, Shiro. Every male she encounters takes one look at her breasts and is instantly smitten. Although she's unaware of it, Jubei is the reincarnation of master swordsman Yagyu Jubei. His loyal retainer Koinusuke has spent the last 300 years looking for the person destined to inherit the "lovely eye patch" that transforms the wearer into an unbeatable warrior. In addition to Yagyu's soul, Jubei has inherited a 300-year-old vendetta: the Ryujoji clan wants to eliminate her so they can rule Japan by the sword.
Jubei-chanisn't the first anime series to mix off-the-wall sexual comedy and samurai drama, but the characters are too silly to support that drama. Jubei's blithe inability to grasp the situation--or react to her transformations into a warrior--negates the bizarre threat posed by the Ryujoji. The premise may work if the filmmakers manage to give the characters some depth in the later episodes, but Jubei makes Usagi from Sailor Moon sound like Descartes.

Unrated: Suitable for ages 13 and up; sexual humor, violence; parents may object to leering humor about an adolescent girl's breasts. --Charles Solomon 

Yagyu Jubei was Japan's greatest swordsman. His skill was legendary but the one enemy he couldn't conquer was death. Before he died, though, he gave his disciple hope. There would be a successor, and this deserving person would receive all the power and skill of Yagyu Jubei, along with the Lovely Eyepatch. After 300 years of searching, the disciple finds Jiyu Nanohana, a rather ordinary girl who has just moved to a new town and started going to a new school. As if going to a new school weren't stressful enough, now Jiyu is told that she is heir to the legendary talents of Yagyu Jubei. And she will have to put those talents to good use and stop the assassins of the rival clan! 

[img]http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/217AJANNNYL._SL500_AA300_.jpg[/img]

[b]PS If any one has Eden of the east, Xam collection 2, Tenjou Tenge or Tears to Tiara in iso format please share[/b]