PHIL COLLINS - ...But Seriously (1989)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD.
Number of tracks 22.

Allmusic review:

"Spawning four hit singles, But Seriously topped the charts on both sides of the Atlantic. While pursuing much of the same formula as on No Jacket Required, there was also a move toward more organic production as Collins abandoned some of the drum machines and prominent keyboards in the up-tempo numbers in favor of live instrumentation. The decision was a good one as there's no doubt that tracks such as "Find a Way to My Heart" and "Hang in Long Enough" have enough bite to outlast his more dated sounding mid-80s material. As usual, there are a bit too many generic ballads here, but when Collins moves out of his formula as on the dramatic gospel-influenced "I Wish it Would Rain Down," featuring Eric Clapton, the results are staggering." 

Rolling Stone review:

"Phil Collins is a perfect example of the contemporary English megastar. He's personable, photogenic, witty, quotable and damn near ubiquitous, thanks to concurrent careers as Genesis frontman, solo singer-songwriter and sometime actor. Better still, he backs up that public image with precisely the sort of light, expressive voice and catchy, upbeat melodies tailor-made for American radio. As a result, Collins would seem to have everything a pop star would want, with one exception: respect. As far as the pop establishment is concerned, Collins is a lightweight, a fluff merchant, a man whose music rarely strays beyond such tried-and-true topics as love, longing and broken hearts. 
That's an image he tries to put behind him with ... But Seriously, an album that avoids frivolity at all costs. Sure, there are romantic numbers, the usual tales of love gone wrong, but from "Colours," an earnest objection to apartheid, to "Heat on the Street," a muddled warning against political hypocrisy and urban unrest, the album's greatest energies are focused on social, not personal, problems. Instead of turning each tune into a short sermon, however, Collins puts his pop smarts to work and tries to make his point the same way he'd sell any other song idea – first by folding it into an easily rhymed lyric, then by wrapping it in a catchy but understated melody.
When it works, as it does in the homelessness tune "Another Day in Paradise," the album can be wonderfully involving. Trouble is, ... But Seriously just doesn't work often enough. What helps "Paradise" make its point is the way Collins personalizes the issue, homing in on that twinge of guilt most of us feel while trying to ignore street people, then grounding it with a naggingly effective hook. But none of the other songs manageès that immediacy. Whether in the "apartheid is bad" message of "Colours" or the "gosh, I still love you" sentiments of "Something Happened on the Way to Heaven," Collins seems mired in generalities and abstractions; there's nothing particularly personal about these songs, and that leaves the album annoyingly vague on the issues it raises, as if being concerned were somehow enough.
Worst of all, there's none of the simple, uncomplicated joy that has marked Collins's previous efforts. "Hang in Long Enough" may open the album with Collins's signature swirl of brass and percussion, but apart from the jazzy "Saturday Night and Sunday Morning," Collins seems to prefer the more somber colors provided by his synths. Maybe that's a part of the new, socially aware image ... But Seriously is meant to introduce. But frankly, Collins was a lot more fun – and effective – when he was frivolous." 


Wikipedia bio:

"...But Seriously is the fourth full-length studio album by Phil Collins. It was recorded at The Farm, Surrey, England, and at A & M Studios, Los Angeles, USA. It was released on November 7, 1989 on Virgin in the UK and Ireland, Atlantic in the US and Canada, WEA Records (now Warner Music Group) for the rest of the world.
While much of the album follows the same formula as Collins' previous album, No Jacket Required, there was also a move towards more organic production as Collins chose to utilise live instrumentation instead of drum machines and prominently used keyboards.
The tone of the album is serious, as the title suggests. Instead of focusing entirely on personal relationships, dark psychedelics, and simple fun, Collins expands his focus to the exploration of socio-economic and political themes. There is great emotional turmoil underneath the polished studio production, and many of the songs are unambiguous and unveiled in their melancholy.
"Another Day in Paradise" is a critical look at the plight of the homeless. The song was inspired by Collins' visit to Washington, D.C. There, he was struck with the widespread poverty in which so many people live, and the struggles that homeless people face. He was equally struck by the perfect abandonment of these needy people, and the complacency of the city as a whole, despite being the nation's centre of government (hence the sarcasm used in the title of the song).
Another politically-themed song on the album is "Colours", which voices Collins' condemnation of the segregation and oppression of black and coloured people in South Africa under apartheid. Arguably the song with the most progressive rock influence in this album (à la Genesis), it is quite popular with some fans. But it did not see much commercial success as it is almost nine minutes long, and radio stations had no interest in playing it. The political theme is also evident in the second song on the album "That's Just The Way It Is", which deals with The Troubles of Northern Ireland. This was a minor chart hit in the summer of 1990 and in the lyrics Collins makes reference to the gridlock of Ulster's sectarian differences most notably in the line If we'd agree that we can disagree, we could stop all of this today.
While incorporating political themes, ...But Seriously does not abandon the theme of relationships. But unlike some of his earlier work, Collins takes a more mature and reflective approach when looking at the relationships in his life. During the album's creation, he was dealing with a range of estrangements: from society, from his father, and from his wife.
These influences can be seen in the dramatic gospel-influenced track, "I Wish it Would Rain Down", which features Eric Clapton.
"Father to Son" is another song in which Collins explores his connections with people, in this case, his own son. The song has a positive, inspirational tone as he seeks to guide his son through some of the trials of life and love, and to reassure him that, "if you look behind you, I will be there".
In 1988, Collins starred in the movie Buster about the Great Train Robbery, which took place in England in the 1960s. The movie received good reviews and Collins contributed four songs to the films soundtrack. "Two Hearts" -- , which he wrote with Lamont Dozier, one third of legendary Motown composer team Holland-Dozier-Holland, was a UK #6 hit and it also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song alongside the Carly Simon song "Let the River Run" from Working Girl. A cover of "A Groovy Kind of Love", originally a 1966 hit for The Mindbenders, lyrics by Toni Wine, and music by Carole Bayer Sager, but with the melody of the Rondo section of Muzio Clementi's "Sonatina in G major", op. 36 no. 5., went the Mindbenders release one better, hitting #1 in both the U.S. and UK charts, and it remains the only Collins single to top the charts in both countries. It also reached #1 on the U.S. Adult Contemporary chart. The song earned Collins a nomination for Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance in 1989. "Big Noise", written by Phil Collins and Lamont Dozier, which included Collins on vocals was only released on the soundtrack album. The final song, "Loco In Acapulco", was another collaboration between him and Dozier, and featured Collins on drums but with the vocals performed by the Motown group The Four Tops. While not a hit in the States, the song was a huge international hit, reaching number 7 in the UK charts." 



TRACK LIST

...But Seriously (1989)
========================

01. Hang in Long Enough
02. That's Just the Way It Is 
03. Do You Remember?
04. Something Happened on the Way to Heaven
05. Colours 
06. I Wish it Would Rain Down 
07. Another Day In Paradise
08. Heat on the Street 
09. All of My Life
10. Saturday Night and Sunday Morning 
11. Father to Son 
12. Find A Way to My Heart
+
13. Two Hearts (1988)
14. Loco In Acapulco (Vocals: The Four Tops, 1988)
15. Big Noise (1988)
16. A Groovy Kind Of Love (1988)
17. Something Happened on the Way to Heaven (Demo)
18. Homeless (Another Day In Paradise Demo)
19. I Wish It Would Rain Down (Demo)
20. You've Been In Love (That Little Bit Too Long)
21. Around The World In 80 Presets
22. Hang in Long Enough (Shep Pettibone 12" Mix)
23. Something Happened on the Way to Heaven (One World Remix)

Enjoy and share with you fellow man.
