♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                                   Anka RIP                                 
 ♦♦
   Release Date  :  11/12/2009                Protection  :  DEMO FLAG
   Release Type  :  RIP 11x5.00MB             Company     :  Amaranth Games
 ♦♦
   Release Notes:

   Anaka's parents have gone missing.                                       
                                                                            
   Anka lives a peaceful life with his parents. But one day, his mother     
   doesnt come back from town. Soon afterward, his father disappears       
   too. Bravely, the resourceful Anka sets off to find them.                
                                                                            
   The story of Anka unveils a cast of 16 characters, fully voiced and      
   facially animated. The hand-drawn art provides a stylish, fresh look     
   for this delightful adventure. Gamers and non-gamers alike will enjoy    
   the sheer variety of the captivating challenges that the game has to     
   offer.                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 ♦♦
   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install game with Anka_Setup.exe                                      
   3. Watch our cracktro in the Unleashed folder                            
   4. Copy the cracked content from the Unleashed folder to your game       
      folder and overwrite                                                  
   5. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support good video game development!                         
 ♦♦

     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 ♦♦
  " We need disklimit expanded to 100x5mb! Contact us for setting new rules! "