Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"In for the Kill" is a song by the English electropop duo La Roux from their debut album, La Roux (2009). It was released as the album's second single in the United Kingdom on 16 March 2009, peaking at number 2 in the UK. The song is heavily influenced by the title theme of the '80s cartoon classic Pole Position, with even the video paying homage to the show. La Roux singer Elly Jackson told Steve Harris of Xfm radio that the song is "about telling someone how you feel regardless of what you get back, and not waiting to find out if they want you or not." Dubstep producer Skream has made two remixes of the track. One of these remixes is featured in the trailer for the video game Bayonetta. It can also be heard on the closing credits of "Hair", the sixth episode of the seventh season of the HBO series Entourage.

A second music video featuring Jackson was released in October of 2010. The newer version features a slightly different vocal track than the original and was shot at New York's Hotel Chelsea, past home to many musicians.

"In for the Kill" received generally positive reviews from music critics. Digital Spy reviewer David Balls wrote that the song "sends a ripple up through your spine the first time you hear it." He also described it as "slightly odd, endlessly exciting" and said that it "manages to sound quaintly old-school and positively futuristic all at the same time." Francis Jolley of Clickmusic wrote that "In for the Kill" is "80s synth pop at its most glorious" and called it the "most exciting single around." In a review for Exclaim!, Cam Lindsay wrote that the track "features some icy, high-pitched woos from Jackson and pulse-pounding beats" which make it sound "delicious." MSN Music called it a "damn fine electro pop humdinger" and complimented Jackson's powerful vocals which "hit the ground running and burst with effervescence from the opening note." The song was also featured in a 2009 Chanel fashion show.

La Roux (pronounced /lɑːˈruː/ in English, French: [laˈʁu]) are an English electropop and synthpop duo made up of singer, keyboardist, co-writer and co-producer Eleanor Kate Jackson (born 12 March 1988), and keyboardist, co-writer and co-producer Ben Langmaid. Jackson describes their relationship as "very much a half and half sharing situation... not like a singer producer outfit", but also recognises that due to her prominence, it may "look like a solo act".

Their music is influenced by 1980s British synthpop including Yazoo, Erasure, Depeche Mode, OMD, The Human League, Heaven 17 and Blancmange[citation needed]. The band's name refers to Jackson's red hair and tomboyish appearance, mingling the masculine (le roux) and feminine (la rousse) French terms; she has said:

    To me, it means "red-haired one" – and it does, vaguely. It's just a male version of "red-haired one", which I think is even cooler, because I'm... well... androgynous anyway. So it kind of makes sense.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/