I'm Alive is the tenth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1993 (see 1993 in music). The title track, "I'm Alive", reached #18 on the Album Rock Tracks chart and #28 on the Adult Contemporary chart. Other singles released from the album were "Everywhere I Go" (UK #67 and "Sky Blue and 
Black". The song "Too Many Angels" includes backing vocals by Jennifer Warnes, Valerie 
Carter, Doug Haywood, Katia Cardinal and Ryan Browne while the song "All Good Things" includes backing vocals by David Crosby and Don Henley. The song "Sky blue and black" was also featured in the pilot episode of American situation comedy Friends.
I'm Alive won the 1995 Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album.

I'm Alive is a striking return to the kind of romantic subject matter that the Los Angeles singer and songwriter seemed to have abandoned after 1980 in favor of political songwriting. His finest album in nearly two decades, it has much in common with his 1974 masterpiece, Late For The Sky, whose songs also described the disintegration of a relationship. -Stephen Holden (The New York Times, November 14, 1993). The album was in Q's list of 'The 50 Best Albums Of 1993' -Q (1/94, p.84).

songs written by Jackson Browne.
"I'm Alive" – 5:01
"My Problem Is You" – 4:40
"Everywhere I Go" – 4:36
"I'll Do Anything" – 4:31
"Miles Away" – 3:52
"Too Many Angels" – 6:04
"Take This Rain" – 4:49
"Two of Me, Two of You" – 2:56
"Sky Blue and Black" – 6:06
"All Good Things" – 4:28

Jackson Browne - acoustic guitar, guitar, piano, vocals, background vocals
Sweet Pea Atkinson - background vocals
Sir Harry Bowens - background vocals
Ryan Browne - background vocals
Mike Campbell - guitar
Katia Cardinal - background vocals
Valerie Carter - background vocals
Lenny Castro - percussion
Luis Conte - percussion
David Crosby - background vocals
Mark Goldenberg - guitar
William "Bill" Greene - background vocals
Doug Haywood - background vocals
Don Henley - background vocals
James "Hutch" Hutchinson - bass
Bill Irving
Jim Keltner - drums
John Leventhal - acoustic guitar, guitar
Mauricio-Fritz Lewak - drums
David Lindley - bouzouki, guitar, oud
Kevin McCormick - bass
Arnold McCuller - background vocals
Dean Parks - acoustic guitar
Steven Soles - background vocals
Benmont Tench - Hammond organ
Scott Thurston - guitar, keyboard, background vocals
Waddy Wachtel - guitar
Jennifer Warnes - background vocals
Jai Winding - piano

ripped bydBpoweramp

please seed