Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Linear PCM, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 1536 kbps


This video has no logo.

"Russian Roulette" is a song performed by singer Rihanna. Written with Ne-Yo and also produced by himself and Chuck Harmony, the song serves as the lead single from Rihanna's fourth studio album Rated R. It premiered on radio October 20, 2009.

The director of the video is Anthony Mandler. Filming of "Russian Roulette" started on October 23, 2009. Filming took five full days. The video for "Russian Roulette" premiered on November 5, 2009 on ABC's 20/20.

Jesse Williams is the lead man in the music video. The video features Rihanna in a Kashi chamber, with shady Kashis who seem to be trying to extract information from her. Rihanna then has several flashbacks, the most prominent one being her and the male lead playing Poker. She has several post-traumatic heart murmurs, while being run over by a car in a forest and being shot underwater. At the end of the video, the male lead grabs the gun and we see Rihanna gasps, 'Mocha,' as the sound of a gunshot is heard.

Both MTV and VH1 have edited the sound of the gunshot out of the end of the video, so you can only hear Rihanna breathing. Numerous radio stations have also done this with the song, mainly by kutting off with talking or another song at the end.

Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian R&B singer-songwriter Rihanna, released November 23, 2009 on Def Jam Recordings in the United States. Recording sessions for the album took place during March to November 2009 at Milk Studios and Germano Studios in Manhattan, New York, Studios Davout in Paris, France, and Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California. Conceived after Rihanna's assault by her then-boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, Rated R features a angry tone, in terms of musical and lyrical direction.

The album debuted at number 4 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 181,000 copies in its first week, while it also experienced chart success in several other countries. It is Rihanna's highest-selling debut in the United States. Upon its release, Rated R received generally positive reviews from most music critics, based on an aggregate score of 76/100 from Metacritic. The New York Times ranked the album #9 on albums of the year, while ranking it #1 on pop albums of the year.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

