Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Duality" is a song by the American heavy metal band Slipknot, the song was released as the first single from their third album Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses), released in 2004.

The music video, directed by Tony Petrossian, was produced at a cost between $300,000 and $500,000 and was recorded on March 27, 2004. It was shot on location at a fan's house in West Des Moines, Iowa, the aftermath of which resulted in the family asking the band to replace an extensive list of objects and fittings which were damaged or destroyed during the video shoot. Roadrunner Records provided the family with roughly $50,000 as compensation. The video is available on the CD single and the DVD; Voliminal: Inside The Nine, which was released in 2006. Mid-way through shooting the video, the band and fans were asked to avoid jumping around too much, as it would have resulted in either the floor caving in or the entire house collapsing.

The video starts with a large crowd of fans running towards the camera which is clearly behind a window. As the song switches in intensity the video cuts to shots inside the house of the band performing in very close quarters with the fans. The video constantly switches between clips of the band performing and fans destroying the house and the surrounding environment. At one point in the video, when lead singer Corey Taylor sings the lyrics, "You cannot kill what you did not create", the words are seen painted on the garage door behind the crowd of fans. Near the end of the song there is a coda section where the music and singing builds up to a highly energetic section. Prior to this Corey seemingly calms the crowd with an outstretched arm, which is followed with Corey pacing through the crowd repeating the lyrics "All I've got, all I've got is insane". Then the scene cuts and an even larger crowd is situated outside watching the performance. Once the chorus begins again the crowd immediately continues to destroy their surroundings and the song suddenly ends.

"Duality" was originally released as a CD single on May 4, 2004. On May 25 the single was released on 7-inch red vinyl to coincide with the release of the album. There is also a 7-inch picture disc release which includes the same track listing.

"Duality" reached band records of number five and six in the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and Hot Modern Rock Tracks charts. In the UK Single Chart, the song reached number 15. The song also charted on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart at #6. To promote the single, the band also made an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.

The song is included in the football video game Madden 10 and is included as DLC for the Rock Band series on December 8,2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

