South Park - Season 02

Series: South Park
DVD release: June 3, 2003
Network: Comedy Central
No. of episodes: 18
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit Rate: 135kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------------------------------

S02E01 - Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus
Terrance and Phillip travel to Iran to rescue Terrance's little daughter, Sally, who's being held prisoner. A complex chain of events involving a female pop vocalist, a middle eastern dictator and chemical warfare leads to a hostile takeover of Canada. It's up to Terrance and Phillip to save Sally and their country.

S02E02 - Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut
Just as Mephesto is about to reveal the identity of Eric Cartman's father, the genetic engineer is shot by a mysterious gunman. While the boys wait for Mephesto to regain consciousness, a blizzard hits South Park and the citizens are stranded for hours on end without food.

S02E03 - Chickenlover
A series of heinous crimes involving chickens leads to a startling revelation - Officer Barbrady cannot read! When Barbrady resigns and anarchy ensues, the boys pitch in to help. Cartman brings his own brand of law to the streets of South Park.

S02E04 - Ike's Wee Wee
After a mishap in the classroom during his lesson on the evils of drugs and alcohol, Mr. Mackey, the school counselor, is fired. In an act of desperation, he turns to drugs and alcohol. Meanwhile, it's time for Ike's bris and, when Kyle and the boys find out what it means to be circumcised, they try to save Ike from that fate.

S02E05 - Conjoined Fetus Lady
With Pip as their star player, the South Park dodge ball team is off to the championships. Back in town, the local citizens declare a "Conjoined Twin Myslexia Awareness Week" in a misguided attempt to help the school nurse deal with a strange medical disorder.

S02E06 - The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka
The boys get back at Jimbo and Ned for telling a false story about being in the Vietnam War. Meanwhile, a producer tries to re-invent Jesus and Pals to save it from low ratings.

S02E07 - City on the Edge of Forever
In this clip show episode, Ms. Crabtree becomes a famous stand-up comedian while the South Park kids reminisce on all their adventures while stuck on a bus on the edge of a cliff.

S02E08 - Summer Sucks
The town bans fireworks and must come up with an alternative for their Fourth of July celebration. Meanwhile, Mr. Garrison loses Mr. Hat to Brett Favre and Cartman struggles with swimming lessons.

S02E09 - Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls
A film festival from Los Angeles comes to South Park and corrupts it with their lack of culture. Meanwhile, Kyle tries to save Mr. Hankey from dying.

S02E10 - Chickenpox
The boys' mothers force their children to hang out with Kenny so they can get chickenpox. Meanwhile, Kyle's mom tries to patch up the long-broken relationship between her husband and Kenny's dad.

S02E11 - Roger Ebert Should Lay Off the Fatty Foods
The town is brainwashed by the curator of a planetarium. Meanwhile, Cartman auditions for a new Cheesy Poofs commercial.

S02E12 - Clubhouses
The boys create a clubhouse so they can get girls to play "Truth or Dare". Meanwhile, Stan's parents divorce.

S02E13 - Cow Days
A couple wins a vacation to South Park on a game show. Meanwhile, Kyle uses Cartman for a bullriding contest and the South Park cows worship a statue.

S02E14 - Chef Aid
When Chef is sued for pointing out that Alanis Morissette's new song is actually a song he wrote years ago, the boys hire Chef's famous musician friends to raise money. Meanwhile, Mr. Garrison suspects Mr. Hat of several attempts on Mr. Twig's life.

S02E15 - Spookyfish
Beings from a parallel universe come to South Park, such as a nice version of Eric Cartman and a killer goldfish.

S02E16 - Merry Christmas, Charlie Manson!
Stan runs away to visit Cartman's relatives in Nebraska. Meanwhile, Cartman's uncle and Charles Manson break out of prison and Manson discovers the true meaning of Christmas.

S02E17 - Gnomes
The boys are forced to write a current events paper to save Mr. Garrison's job. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny are grouped together with Tweek, a jittery child, who suggests that the presentation be on the "Underpants Gnomes", tiny men who sneak into his house and steal his underwear. Meanwhile, a local cafe, ran by Tweek's parents', is being threatened by a big-time corporate coffee shop.

S02E18 - Prehistoric Ice Man
Stan and Kyle discover a man who has been trapped in the ice since 1996, but break up when they decide on different names for him. Meanwhile, the "ice man" tries to reconnect with his wife and kids.

---------------------------------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp