Released April 1974 
Recorded May 1973 at Sound Techniques, London 
Genre Rock 
Length 37:17 
Label Island UK
Warner Bros. Records USA 
Producer Richard Thompson, John Wood 

After the marked lack of success achieved by his first album, Henry The Human Fly, British singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard Thompson struck up a personal and professional relationship with Linda Peters, a session singer. I Want To See The Bright Lights Tonight was the first album by the duo of Richard And Linda Thompson.

Where his first album was treated harshly by the critics, the second was hailed as a masterpiece. Recorded on a shoestring budget in a matter of days (and sat unreleased for nearly 8 months while Island was trying to decide what to do with it), it is now regarded as a classic of English folk-rock and one of Thompson's finest achievements.

In 2003, the album was ranked number 479 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.

The title track has been covered by (among others) Weddings Parties Anything, Arlo Guthrie,Matt Pond PA, Ocean Colour Scene, Julie Covington and Sleater-Kinney, whilst Kate Rusby and Elvis Costello have both covered 'Withered and Died'. Costello also covered "The End Of The Rainbow" as did Barbara Manning. Maria McKee covered "Has He Got a Friend for Me" on her first solo album

[edit] Track listing
All songs written by Richard Thompson - Except "Together Again" (Buck Owens)

"When I Get To The Border" 
"The Calvary Cross" 
"Withered and Died" 
"I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight" 
"Down Where the Drunkards Roll" 
"We Sing Hallelujah" 
"Has He Got A Friend For Me" 
"The Little Beggar Girl" 
"The End of the Rainbow" 
"The Great Valerio" 
"I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight" (Live)* 
"Together Again" (Live)* 
"Calvary Cross" (Live)* 
(*) - Extra Tracks on the 2004 Island Reissue. All previously unreleased.

[edit] Personnel
Richard Thompson - guitar, vocals, dulcimer, mandolin, whistle, keyboards 
Linda Thompson - vocals 
Timmy Donald - drums 
Pat Donaldson - bass guitar 
John Kirkpatrick - accordion, concertina 
Simon Nicol - dulcimer 
Brian Gulland - krummhorn 
Richard Harvey - krummhorn 
Royston Wood - vocals 
The CWS Silver Band 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
