Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


When I Come Around is a song by American punk rock band Green Day. It was released as the fourth single from their third album, Dookie. "When I Come Around" was Green Day's most popular radio single in their early career, peaking at number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay. This was their highest charting radio single until 2004's "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" peaked at number 2. The song was also their breakthrough hit in most of the world. It topped the Modern Rock Tracks for seven weeks, and also hit number two on the Mainstream Rock Tracks. "When I Come Around" has sold 639,000 copies as of August, 2010. Which makes it the band's second best-selling single of the 90's, only behind the 1997 hit "Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)".

Billie Joe Armstrong wrote the song after breaking up with his girlfriend (whom he later married).

The music video shows the band walking to different places, like the Mission District and the Powell St BART station in San Francisco and Berkeley, California at night, along with various scenes of people doing common things all inter-related. One of the first scenes of the video eventually leads back to the scene at the end. The band's friend and now backup guitarist Jason White can be seen in the video with his girlfriend at the time. Mark Kohr directed this video.

Before the video was filmed, MTV aired a live performance of the song by the band at the 1994 Woodstock Festival.

MTV's Ultimate Albums: Dookie special credited the simple horizontally-striped sweater worn by Billie Joe in the video for starting a fashion trend of similar sweaters.

Dookie is the third studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on February 1, 1994 through Reprise Records. It was the band's first collaboration with producer Rob Cavallo and their major label debut. Dookie became a worldwide commercial success, reaching number two on the U.S. Billboard 200 and charting in seven countries. The album helped to propel Green Day into mainstream popularity, amid claims from the punk rock community that the band had "sold out".

Dookie produced five hit singles for the band: "Longview", the re-recorded "Welcome to Paradise", "Basket Case", "When I Come Around", and the radio-only single "She". As of 2008[update], Dookie is the band's best-selling album, with over 16 million copies sold worldwide. Dookie won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album in 1995. In 2003, Rolling Stone ranked Dookie at 193 on the list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/