PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 4B19A8469539D575390895B3CDEF86B1315A376E
File Size: 1.51 GB
Label: Sympathy for the record Industry, Caroline, DGC Geffen, City Slang, Mercury Records 


[b]Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: [/b]


Pretty on the Inside 1991 CAROL 1710-2
Live Through This 1994 DGCD-24631
Celebrity Skin 1998 DGSSD-25164
Nobody’s Daughter 2010 (not my rip)


Assortment of Singles & B-Sides including:


Be a Man 
Celebrity Skin
Doll Parts 
Gold Dust Woman
Johnnie’s in the Bathroom
Malibu





Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Hole is an American alternative rock band that formed in Los Angeles in 1989 and initially disbanded in 2002. The band is fronted by vocalist–rhythm guitarist Courtney Love, who co-founded Hole with former songwriter–lead guitarist Eric Erlandson. Hole achieved considerable commercial success throughout the 1990s. Their second album, Live Through This, was critically acclaimed and regarded as one of the greatest albums of the decade,[1] as well as their most notable work.

Hole's style of alternative rock was initially influenced heavily by punk rock, no wave and noise rock, though as they progressed they began to incorporate elements of grunge and pop rock into their sound.[2] In 2009, Love announced she was reforming Hole with former Larrikin Love guitarist Micko Larkin in 2009, though Erlandson stated that no reunion could place contractually without mutual involvement between Love and Erlandson, however, on January 1, 2010,[3] a website promoting Hole's latest release, Nobody's Daughter, was launched, with links to various social media pages including Facebook, Twitter,and MySpace. The album was released on April 27, 2010. 








Pretty on the Inside 1991



Pretty on the Inside is the debut studio album by American alternative rock group Hole, released in September 1991 on Caroline Records. Featuring dramatic, experimental, and abrasive music and vocals that are whispered, spoken, and shouted, the album contains lyrics that emphasize alienation, feminism, and self-hatred. Pretty on the Inside was Hole's first full-length album, and their only release on Caroline Records.

The recording of the album took place over the course of four days, and resulted in two newly-written songs ("Starbelly" and "Sassy") as well as recordings of songs that had never been or rarely had been played live ("Loaded" and "Good Sister/Bad Sister"). The album was very well-received at the time of its release, but was quickly eclipsed both critically and on the music charts when Nirvana's Nevermind was released, and yet again when Hole released their second album, Live Through This, which featured a more streamlined sound.

Pretty on the Inside had a wide-ranging influence on the underground music scene of the 1990s, being specifically mentioned by, among others, Distillers frontwoman Brody Dalle in an interview as a seminal album in the development of her music


Tracks: 


1.	"Teenage Whore" – 2:57
2.	"Babydoll" – 4:59
3.	"Garbadge Man" – 3:19
4.	"Sassy" – 1:43
5.	"Good Sister/Bad Sister" – 5:47
6.	"Mrs. Jones" – 5:25
7.	"Berry" – 2:46
8.	"Loaded" – 4:19
9.	"Star Belly" – 1:46
10.	"Pretty on the Inside/Clouds" – 5:25








Live Through This 1994


Live Through This is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band Hole. It was released on April 12, 1994, just four days after frontwoman Courtney Love's husband, Kurt Cobain, was found dead in their home. The album received unanimous critical acclaim, and is widely regarded as Hole's best release, as well as one of the greatest albums of the 1990s. It was also commercially successful, selling over two million copies worldwide.


Sessions for Hole's second album begun initially in Paris in May 1993 with Nirvana producer, Butch Vig. Nothing is reported to have come from the sessions, and a second attempt at recording the album was done at Hanzek Audio in Seattle in August 1993 with producers and engineers, Chris Hanzek, Jack Endino and Craig Montgomery.[1] During this attempt at recording Live Through This the band recorded instrumental versions of a number of songs, including "Jennifer's Body" and the unused Nirvana song "Talk To Me", however the session "wasn't very productive" and eventually, the recordings were left in the studio for years before Eric Erlandson reclaimed them.

The sessions for Live Through This began on October 8, 1993 at Triclops Studios in Atlanta, where The Smashing Pumpkins - friends of the band - recorded their second studio album, Siamese Dream. The first week of recording was spent record basic tracks, such as drums, bass, scratch guitars, and scratch vocals. After the first tracks were layed down, Love's husband, Kurt Cobain, joined the band in-studio on November 18 before Nirvana were set to tour to promote their latest album, In Utero. When shown the work in progress, the band invited Cobain to sing on a few unfinished numbers.[2] Cobain refused at first, due to being unfamilar with the material. When Cobain asked, "how can I sing on it if I haven't heard it?", Courtney answered by encouraging him to "just sing off the top of [his] head."

Due to this and that a year earlier, a b-side for Beautiful Son, "Old Age", was credited as being written by Hole but the song had been recorded a year before by Cobain's band Nirvana, there have been unsubstantiated rumors regarding Cobain's involvement in this record, from alleged instrumental and songwriting contributions, to claims that he effectively wrote the entire album. What is known is that Cobain sang background vocals for two tracks, according to both Erlandson and Love; he can be heard in the bridge of the released version of "Asking For It", though his vocals are low in the mix and during "Softer, Softest." An alternate mix of "Asking For It" was broadcast on radio in 1994 which more prominently features his singing. Some recent claims state he can be heard at some point in "Doll Parts." Having taken a break for dinner, the session devolved into a formless jam with Cobain on drums, Eric and Courtney on guitars and session co-producer Sean Slade on bass. The band eventually finished on October 31 and finished off their stay in Atlanta with a show at The Masquerade.

The album is dedicated to the memory of Joe Cole, a roadie for Black Flag and the Rollins Band who was shot to death in a 1991 after attending a Hole show at the Whisky A Go Go in West Hollywood. The album was noted for being more accessible and melodic than the band's previous album, Pretty on the Inside. According to BMI's website, most of the songs credited officially to Hole were written just by Courtney Love and Eric Erlandson. "Doll Parts" was officially written only by Love and "I Think That I Would Die" was written by Erlandson, Love and Kat Bjelland. "Credit in the Straight World" is a Young Marble Giants cover.

Bassist Kristen Pfaff had decided to take a break from the band at the time of Cobain's death in April, 1994. In June 1994, she was found dead by boyfriend and bandmate Eric Erlandson from a supposed heroin overdose. Two months after Kristen's death, Hole began an extensive tour, with Melissa Auf der Maur replacing her on bass.

A song entitled "Rock Star", which took a swipe at The Lemonheads, was originally slated to close the album, however the band chose to replace it with the track "Olympia." Since the artwork had already been printed, however, the title of "Rock Star" remained and was also used for further releases. There was also concern about the lyric "barrel of laughs to be Nirvana, hope you'd rather die." To those not aware that Live Through This was completed before Cobain's death, the lyric could be potentially misconstrued as a reference made in poor taste regarding the discovery of Cobain's body (the same could be said of the album title as well, but the title was actually lifted from the lyrics for "Asking For It" which, coincidentally, featured Cobain on guest vocals).

Four singles were released from the album and three promotional videos were shot, for "Miss World" (still with Kristen Pfaff), "Doll Parts" (with L7's bassist Jennifer Finch replacing her) and "Violet" (already with Melissa Auf der Maur). "Softer, Softest" was also released as a single, and Hole's performance of this song at their MTV Unplugged session was used as a promotional video.

Model Leilani Bishop is shown on the cover of the album, and the back cover features a young Courtney Love in New Zealand in her childhood. Journalist and friend of Hole, Everett True, titled a book after the album, which details the rise and fall of the early grunge bands of the Nineties.

When released on April 12, 1994, Live Through This debuted on the charts at number 52, never hitting the Top 40 in the U.S. In December 1994, the record went Gold, having sold a total of 500,000 copies, going platinum six months later for having sold one million copies. To date, the album has sold two million copies worldwide.

The album received unanimous critical acclaim, and was regarded as Hole's greatest album, as well as one of the greatest rock albums of the 1990s. Critics praised it for combining the raw energy of the band's previous album, Pretty on the Inside, with a pop rock sound that would later characterize the band's next album, Celebrity Skin.

The album was ranked number 466 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time, and was included in TIME magazine's All-TIME 100 Albums list, as well as the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.


Tracks: 

1.	"Violet"  
2.	"Miss World"  
3.	"Plump"  
4.	"Asking for It"  
5.	"Jennifer's Body"  
6.	"Doll Parts"  
7.	"Credit in the Straight World"  
8.	"Softer, Softest"  
9.	"She Walks on Me"  
10.	"I Think That I Would Die"  
11.	"Gutless"  
12.	"Rock Star*"







Celebrity Skin 1998


Celebrity Skin is the third studio album by the American rock band Hole, released worldwide by Geffen Records on September 7, 1998 and one day later in the United States. Similarly to vocalist and guitarist Courtney Love's refined image during this era, the sound of the album itself moved away from Hole's harder alternative rock past and toward a cleaner and more radio friendly pop rock format. It was Hole's most commercially successful album, garnering them a #1 hit single on the Modern Rock Tracks chart with the title track. Critical reaction to the album was largely positive, though not as universally so as the band's previous record, Live Through This.


Tracks: 


1.	"Celebrity Skin"  
2.	"Awful"  
3.	"Hit So Hard"  
4.	"Malibu"  
5.	"Reasons to Be Beautiful"  
6.	"Dying"  
7.	"Use Once & Destroy"  
8.	"Northern Star"  
9.	"Boys on the Radio"  
10.	"Heaven Tonight"  
11.	"Playing Your Song"  
12.	"Petals"  





Nobody’s Daughter 2010


Nobody's Daughter[8] is the fourth studio album by Hole, released worldwide on 27 April 2010 (see release history).[9] It is the first album to be released by Hole in twelve years, since 1998's Celebrity Skin, and also the band's first album since their reunion in 2009.


Tracks: 


1.	"Nobody's Daughter"  
2.	"Skinny Little Bitch"  
3.	"Honey"  
4.	"Pacific Coast Highway"  
5.	"Samantha"  
6.	"Someone Else's Bed"  
7.	"For Once in Your Life"  
8.	"Letter to God"  
9.	"Loser Dust"  
10.	"How Dirty Girls Get Clean"  
11.	"Never Go Hungry" (Bonus Track)




Enjoy :)
