Sonic Jam is a video game for the Sega Saturn and Game.com. The Saturn version is a compilation of titles in the Sonic the Hedgehog series originally released on the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis. It was released in Japan on June 20, 1997, in North America on July 31, 1997 and in Europe on the 28th of August 1997. By selecting Sonic & Knuckles, the player can use the "lock-on technology" from its original cartridge version in order to link up to the other three games in the collection, making the following games also playable: Knuckles in Sonic 2, Sonic 3 & Knuckles, and Blue Spheres.

Sonic Jam also included customized versions of the games, with redesigned levels with varying levels of difficulty. When played in "Original" mode, the games are identical to their original Mega Drive/Genesis releases. "Normal" difficulty adds extra rings and alters other aspects of the design to remove some of the challenge (these versions of the levels are used when playing Sonic Jam's Time Attack feature). "Easy" difficulty removes certain stages entirely, making the game much easier to complete. Also implemented into Sonic Jam was the option to use Sonic's signature move, the Spin Dash in Sonic the Hedgehog (on any of the above difficulties); originally, it did not debut until Sonic 2. There were also fixes of some glitches, particularly in Sonic 3. The games were not simply direct emulations like in later compilations, but rather elaborate ports to utilize the Saturn hardware.

The compilation also includes a 3D "Sonic World", which allows players to access virtual museums featuring Sonic the Hedgehog history, art, music and advertisements, as well as remastered and uncut animation sequences from Sonic CD. Sonic World functioned as both a hub for the extras and as its own game, utilizing missions such as ring-collecting, reaching markers, or finding Miles "Tails" Prower. Completing all the missions would unlock the credits for Sonic Jam. According to the Sonic City website, Sonic World is a test level for what eventually became Sonic Adventure.