Chessmaster®: Grandmaster Edition expands the scope of chess to include broader principles of learning. Josh Waitzkin's much-anticipated book The Art of Learning (Free Press) is designed to pave the road to successful long-term growth on and off the chessboard. The eight-time National Chess Champion and two-time martial arts World Champion puts users in his shoes in some of the most riveting and formative moments of his chess career, including the legendary climactic game from the book and film Searching for Bobby Fischer. Waitzkin then turns to the classics, introducing beginners to brilliant games from some of the most important players in the history of chess. In his most revealing commentary ever, Waitzkin not only teaches the beginning chess player the fundamentals of the game, but also humanizes the road to mastery. Never has chess been so exciting.
Key Features
LEARN CHESS

* Extensive course on the basics of chess taught by International Chess Master Josh Waitzkin.
* Tutorials from Josh Waitzkin's groundbreaking book The Art of Learning.
* Attacking Chess course commentary by Grandmaster Larry Christiansen.
* Famous Games: 900 of chess's most important games presented and analyzed.
* 600,000 game database.
* Coverage of all classic and modern opening variations.

SINGLE-PLAYER

* Training mode: Play one of many predefined opponents and analyze your game.
* Ranked Play: Test your skills against a variety of opponents and establish your rating.
* Play one of 50 predefined tournaments or create your own.
* Set up a position to solve chess problems or reproduce famous positions.

MULTIPLAYER

* Play with a friend via Internet or LAN connection.
* Play rated and unrated games, tournaments, ladders, simultaneous exhibitions, watch other matches, set up/take chess lessons via LAN or Internet.
* Play one of 12 new chess variants including Limited Shuffle, Shuffle, Giveaway, Marseilles, Progressive, and Pocket Knight.
* Play correspondence chess.

Product Specifications:

Publisher:
Ubisoft Entertainment, Inc. 
Developer:
Ubisoft Bucharest Studio 
Ship Date:
November 1, 2007 
Category:
Board Game/Strategy Game 
Rating:
E for EVERYONE with Mild Fantasy Violence 

System Requirements:

Supported OS:
Windows Vista®/Windows® XP (only) 
RAM:
256 MB (512 MB recommended) 
Video Card:
32 MB DirectX® 9.0c-compliant video card (128 MB recommended) 
Sound Card:
DirectX 9.0c-compliant sound card optional 
DirectX Version:
DirectX 9.0c (included on disc) 
CD-ROM:
16x CD-ROM or faster 
Hard Drive Space:
600 MB (2.3 GB recommended) 
Multiplay:
56 Kbps or faster for Internet or LAN play (broadband recommended) 
Peripherals Supported:
Mouse, keyboards, headsets, ultra 3D glasses (not included) 
Supported Video Cards at Time OF Release:

NVIDIA® GeForce™ 3/4/FX/6/7/8 series (GeForce4 MX NOT supported)
ATI® Radeon® 7500/8000/9000/X series