Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


The Real Thing is the eighth studio album (ninth overall) by Vanessa Williams, released in the United States on June 2, 2009 by Concord Records. The album, produced by Babyface, Keith Thomas, Rob Mathes, and Rex Rideout, features songs written by Stevie Wonder, Bill Withers, Babel Gilberto, Phil Galdston and Babyface. Williams' herself has described the album as "a hybrid of samba, bossa nova, some salsa and also some pop and R&B". The album's Stevie Wonder-penned title-track was released in the UK as a single (complete with a Soul Seekerz dance remix) on September 28, 2009.

Vanessa Lynn Williams (born March 18, 1963) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. Williams made history on September 17, 1983 when she became the first woman of African American descent to be crowned Miss America. Williams' reign as Miss America came to an abrupt end when scandal led to her subsequent resignation of the title. Williams rebounded by launching a career as an entertainer, earning Grammy, Emmy, and Tony Award nominations.

The Sweetest Days, her third album, was released in 1994 to rave reviews. The album saw Williams branch out and sample other styles of music that included jazz, hip hop, rock, and Latin-themed recordings such as "Betcha Never" and "You Can't Run", both written and produced by Babyface. Other singles from the album included the adult contemporary and dance hit "The Way That You Love" and the title track "The Sweetest Days". The album was certified platinum in the U.S. by the RIAA and earned her two Grammy Award nominations.

Other albums include two Christmas albums, Star Bright, released in 1996, and Silver & Gold in 2004; Next in 1997, and Everlasting Love in 2005, along with a greatest hits compilation released in 1998 and a host of other compilations released over the years.

Notable chart performances from subsequent albums, motion picture and television soundtracks have included the songs "Love Is", "Colors of the Wind", "Where Do We Go From Here", and "Oh How the Years Go By". In total, Williams has sold more than six million records and has received 15 Grammy Award nominations.

In May 2009, she performed two highly successful concerts at the Tropicana Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City to sold out crowds.

On June 2, 2009, she released her 8th studio album on Concord Records, titled The Real Thing. It features songs written and/or produced by Babyface, Stevie Wonder, Bill Withers, Bebel Gilberto, and Rex Rideout. The album is " a hybrid of samba, bossa nova, some salsa and also some pop and R&B" says Williams.

Williams confirmed on September 26, 2009 that she will start to record her ninth studio album in January of 2010 and she also stated that it is due for a Late Summer/Early Fall, 2010 release. It is going to be a pop and R&B album similar to the sound of her 2005 album, Everlasting Love.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

