And here is a re-up of once of my favorite series, Largo Winch, in case you missed 1-3 :)

It is about Largo Winch, a young and handsome orphan who get secretly adopted by Nero Winch, a wealthy businessman, and trained to take his place when he dies.
Then Nerio Winch get killed, and Largo immediately find himself in trouble, fighting both for his life, and his business empire.

The series are basically unknown in the english speaking countries, but 15 books are out in french, and a TV series exist. They also made a game, which did get released in english.


The following books are in this pack:
Largo Winch 1 - The Heir
Largo Winczlav, born in Yugoslavia, is an orphan. Thousands of miles away, one of the richest men in the world will change Largo's destiny. He has the same name, but slightly different: “Winch.” This man, Nerio Winch, wants to find an heir to his empire and adopts Largo, offering him the best education. When his adoptive father disappears under dramatic circumstances, Largo inherits the W Group, the biggest conglomerate of multinational enterprises ever possessed and managed by a single man. From now on, he will be worth $10 billion. Which is not to everybody's taste, as he is about to find out…
This two-volume book includes "the W Group"

Largo Winch 2 - Takeover Bid
A veritable secret war for power takes place behind the scenes in big financial groups. One of the most common methods of attack is the takeover bid: A would-be buyer offers to acquire all available shares of a rival at a determined price in order to control it. The W group is attacked by FENICO, a business conglomerate. As if this were not enough, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service also takes on Largo Winch. Will he lose his entire fortune?
This two-volume book includes “Business Blues”.

Largo Winch 3 - Dutch Connection
H : Largo Winch gives a cocktail party to launch his foundation for war orphans when a waiter brings out one of his colleagues’ severed head on a tray. He has been murdered by the drugs traffickers Largo is after. In a matter of hours, the billionaire’s life is turned upside down.
Dutch Connection : Two policemen are shot down as they arrest Largo Winch and he is charged with the murders. On top of that, he is accused of being part of the international heroin trade. Largo flees to Paris and ends up in the homeless community, with little hope of escaping the dire fate that awaits him : a lifelong jail sentence…
This two-volume book includes “H”.