Israeli Terror Plot in Montreal Averted by 911truth Group

Montreal Metro SurveillanceContract Goes to US/Israeli Intelligance Agencies, Montreal representatives deny knowledge.

The Next Terror Target?

MONTRÉAL? VANCOUVER?

Recently the makings of a plot for a 7/7 style terrorist attack by Israeli Mossad terrorists against Montreal’s Metro was exposed.

Who discovered this?

Was it the RCMP, the globalist police force that has made a name for itself by taser torture of Canadians and high corruption?

No, we can’t count on the RCMP for anything other than backing Harper and his Zionist terrorist propaganda.

Was it CSIS, the intrepid national security outfit that watched as the Air India bombers plotted mass death but did nothing to stop it?

No, CSIS can be counted on to do nothing while Canada is in danger.

The government will not stop the next terror attacks planned for Canada, because they are intimately involved with the masters of false flag terror, the Isrealis.

Pro-Israel Zionists placed by treasonous Canadian politicians now hold important posts in Canada’s Parliament(the Isreali allies caucus), Supreme Court, and the CBC.

Other Israeli agents own media monopolies, like CanWest Global, which always stresses the pro-Israel side, and conspires to swindle Canadians with War on Terror propaganda. They actually want a terror attack on Canada, so they can pour on even more propaganda for Israel inspired wars.

In a country full of enemies in the top government posts, who saved Canada from a 7/7 attack by pointing out the preparations for terror?

It was the “conspiracy theorists”.

They did research on Verint -the company that got the contract for video surveillance of Montreal’s Metro subway system- and found connections to the terrorist Israeli Mossad.

No secret police is necessary, it is plain to see that averting terror involves watching the scum in power and who they are dealing with.

Much thanks to Montreal 911 Truth for exposing the Israeli terrorist connections to the Metro security company, and possibly averting the Canadian 7/7.

Montreal 9/11 Truth’s Sam Labrier confronts City Hall after documentary reveals Mossad False Flag Terror Operation setup in Montreal.

The Israeli Intel front company Verint is doing security in Calgary (YYC) and Vancouver (YVR) International airports. The company is famous for putting ‘back-doors’ in it’s software, which phones home to Isr-el. The company is suspected with facilitating the 9/11 attacks, and the 7/7 attacks.

Source: zionfascism.net


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CSIS, Canadian Spy Intelligence Services, Osama Bin Laden, Katsa, Victor Ostrovsky, Arafat, Every Spy A Prince, Michael Collins Piper, Israel Asper, Leonard Asper, Stephen Harper, Jack Layton, Gilles, NDP, Liberals, Conservative party, CPAC, Kelly Rebecca Nichols, Alexander E. Jones, Kelly R. Nichols, Edmund Lowe Nichols, Sandra Kay Heiligman, Webster Tarpley, Texe Marrs, infowarrior, Jason Bermas, The Obama Deception, Endgame, Police State 3, The Masters of Terror, Kevin Booth, Joe Rogan, Violet Jones, Einstein, joeblowman, Allan Watt, Jim Marrs, David Icke, Agent Provocateur, Mossad, Adnan Khashoggi, Genesis Intermedia, John Gray, Genesis Communications Network, Ted Anderson, Midas Resources, Jewish advertizers, Belly of the Beast, University of Texas, Austin, Scientology, Charlie Sheen, Mark Glen
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My public URL: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/TalmudTimmy

My RSS feed: 
http://rss.thepiratebay.org/user/97bdef327d0ba834f331abb3d0fe47a2