Thanks to DLedin from Demonoid


The Beatles
1999
Apple Records ( 66485 ?) 

16-bit audio for CD-R

This is the first Beatles LP needledrop that I’ve made available in a torrent. It’s has a reputation of being the LP that the Beatles purists love to hate. Myself, I rather enjoyed this release on CD and really enjoy listening to the 5.1 mixes from the DVD. Some folks have felt that the original mixes should never have been changed but the results were approved by the remaining Beatles so if it has their blessings, I’m OK with it too.

A few years back I acquired a sealed UK first pressing on yellow vinyl. Once I decided to transfer this LP I discovered that this yellow vinyl was quite noisy. (I don’t know if it’s that way on other copies on yellow vinyl.) I have heard that, with some exceptions, colored vinyl doesn’t necessarily have a reputation for being quiet. 

So I recently found another sealed copy on black vinyl and that is what you have here. I decided, for this torrent description, to use the LP label image that I scanned from the yellow vinyl because it just looks really nice IMHO. But do remember, the transfer is from a black vinyl pressing. One quick note regarding the catalogue number for this pressing: I couldn’t find a number listed anywhere on the LP labels or on the LP jacket or spine. I have included the number 66485 
above because that is what the seller had it listed as. I don’t know for sure where that number comes from and it may not be correct.

One of the issues that folks have had with this as a CD release was the mastering of the audio for CD. There has been some NR used but I don’t think to a gross extent. The rest of the treatment centers on what I’ll show you below.

I’ll leave it to you to decide if you like this LP or not.

The signal from this LP was imported into Adobe Audition at 96kHz/32-bit (float). All vinyl pop removal has been done manually using Audition's pop/click removal tool. No EQ or NR has been added.
 
The setup used: 
-Technics SL-1900 direct drive turntable running an Ortofon Super OM-20 cartridge. 
-JVC AX-R97 integrated amp 
-Hoontech/Soundtrack Audio DSP24 Value sound card

The tracks included are:
1) Yellow Submarine
2) Hey Bulldog
3) Eleanor Rigby
4) Love You To
5) All Together Now
6) Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds
7) Think For Yourself
8) Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band
9) With A Little Help From My Friends
10) Baby You’re A Rich Man
11) Only A Northern Song
12) All You Need Is Love
13) When I’m Sixty Four
14) Nowhere Man
15) It’s All Too Much

Artwork is included for those who care for it.

Enjoy & Happy New Year to everyone.

-DLedin