Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Already Gone" is a pop song performed by American singer-songwriter Kelly Clarkson. It appears on Clarkson's 2009 album, All I Ever Wanted and was co-written by Clarkson and Ryan Tedder, who also produced it. The song was released as the album's third single in August 2009. Lyrically, "Already Gone" is about the break up of a relationship; the music consists of an arrangement using a piano, drums, and string instruments. The result is a power ballad with pop, soft rock, classical and R&B undertones.

Clarkson has criticized Tedder for providing the same musical arrangement to Beyoncé Knowles for her 2008 song, "Halo", without informing her. She has also voiced dissatisfaction with her record company bosses for subsequently deciding to release "Already Gone" as a single. The accompanying music video was directed by Joseph Kahn and features Clarkson wearing a gold evening gown and jewelry laying on a chaise longue in an apartment. Shots of floating objects intersperse a second scene where Clarkson is wearing a black dress and singing in a rehearsal room surrounded by an invisible orchestra.

Clarkson began promoting "Already Gone" as a single in July 2009, performing it live on Late Night with David Letterman and Good Morning America. It was used as the "exit song" on the fifth season of So You Think You Can Dance. She back to promote the song in September on two events: Jimmy Kimmel Live and on the VH1 Divas. It has charted on the Billboard Hot 100 (#35), the Canadian Hot 100(#20), the UK Singles Chart(#66 - Due to lack of promotion) and Australian Top 50 Singles Chart(#12).

The music video was shot in Toronto, Onatrio, Canada, on June 19 and 20, 2009, and was directed by Joseph Kahn, who had previously worked with Clarkson on the videos for "Never Again", "Walk Away" and "Behind These Hazel Eyes". The video is set primarily in an apartment and a rehearsal room. Clarkson explains that the video is a departure from her previous videos, and that she is "completely glammed out. It's the opposite of my everyday life." The video begins with Clarkson alone in an apartment wearing a gold evening gown, sequined elbow gloves, and a large pearl necklace, lying on a chaise longue. This scene alternates with a second location, where Clarkson wears a black dress, singing in a rehearsal room, surrounded by invisible members of an orchestra playing their instruments. As the video alternates back and forth between the two locations, slow-motion shots of falling champagne glasses, floating pearls, and flying violins separate the scenes.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

