Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Sussudio" is a pop song by Phil Collins, released as a single in February 1985. The song is also the first track on Collins' third album, No Jacket Required, released in January of the same year. The song entered frequent rotation on MTV in May, and by July 6, both the single and the album reached number one on their respective U.S. Billboard charts. The music video, which was filmed in a pub owned by Richard Branson, featured Collins playing the song to a crowd that is bored at first, but gets excited and starts dancing when Collins begins performing.

The main lyric came about as Collins was improvising lyrics to a drum machine track he had programmed: "suss-sussudio" was a working wording that scanned properly. After trying to find an alternative word to fit the rhythm, the singer decided to keep "Sussudio" as the song title and lyric. The song is about a normal crush that a schoolboy may have on a girl and that by saying "suss-sussudio" may raise speculations about the boy having a stutter. The song was received mostly positively, and has been mentioned in numerous moments in pop culture.

Collins has said that he "improvised" the lyric. Collins was just playing around with a drum machine, and the lyric "sus-sussudio" was what came out of his mouth. "So I kinda knew I had to find something else for that word, then I went back and tried to find another word that scanned as well as "sussudio", and I couldn't find one, so I went back to "sussudio"," Collins said.  According to Collins, the lyrics are about a schoolboy crush on a girl at school.  Collins' older daughter has a horse named "Sussudio".

The music video for the song was filmed at a pub owned by Richard Branson in London. The accompanying music video features Collins, as well as long-time collaborators Daryl Stuermer and Chester Thompson. It begins with an outdoor shot of a pub, then cuts to Collins and his band playing for a uninterested crowd. The crowd slowly migrates toward the band as the song progresses, leaving them cheering at the end. Renowned bass player Lee Sklar also appears in the video, however neither Sklar nor Thompson played on the actual studio recording.

No Jacket Required is the third solo album by English singer-songwriter Phil Collins, released on 25 January 1985. The album was named after an incident at The Pump Room in Chicago, where Collins was denied admittance to the establishment because of his attire. No Jacket Required features guest vocalists, including Helen Terry, Peter Gabriel and Sting. Some of the songs, like "Don't Lose My Number" and "Sussudio", were based around improvisation. Other songs, like "Long Long Way to Go", had a political message. "One More Night", "Sussudio", "Don't Lose My Number", and "Take Me Home" were released as singles, with corresponding music videos.

The album was positively received and won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 1985. Stephen Holden of The New York Times said that Collins was "quietly revolutionizing and expanding the role of the drums in pop record making". Rolling Stone reviewer David Fricke said that, "Like his '81 and '82 outings, Face Value and Hello ... I Must Be Going!, No Jacket Required is not an album that waits to be liked". Collins' most commercially successful album, No Jacket Required went to number one in several countries, including the United States (where it was at the top of the charts for seven weeks), United Kingdom and Canada. The record has been certified diamond in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America, and has sold over two million copies in the UK, being certified for 6x platinum.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/