Arabic PDQ allTalk
Publisher: Linguaphone
Year: 2001
Format: Mp3+PDF 
ISBN-10: 0747309019
Size: 157 MB 

Quote: 
Developed by Linguaphone, the world s leading publisher of self-study language courses, Arabic PDQ-Quick Comprehensive Course: Learn to Speak, Understand, Read and Write Arabic is the perfect way to begin learning the Arabic Language. Designed with busy people in mind, Arabic PDQ-Quick Comprehensive Course is an effective way to learn all the essential and practical Arabic. Native speakers take the listener to France, where you will discover how to get by in a wide variety of everyday situations. Topics covered include: meeting people for the first time; asking a question; ordering food and drink; starting a conversation; getting to know someone; talking about your friends and family; finding your way around and asking directions; talking about your home and where you live; hiring a car; and sightseeing. All the recordings are bilingual, so you can study simply by listening to the lessons on the CDs. . The 64 page course book offers helpful backup and extra practice. From the Publisher PDQ - the first step towards fluency Linguaphone aims to provide a solution for everylanguage requirement, The PDQ range of language courses is designed specifically to bridge the gap between our full language courses and the requirements of the traveler or holiday maker. PDQ is the perfect course for the person who wishes to take the first steps towards speaking a newlanguage or would like to learn all the language needed for traveling and holidays abroad. Contents 4 sixty-minute audio CDs Audio Recordings PDQ covers a wide range of every day situations and uses native speakers to deliver an active vocabulary of over 500 words. Lessons are bilingual, which means that it is possible to complete a PDQ course by simply listening to the recordings. Lessons on CD allow the student to instantly access different parts of the PDQ course. Course Book PDQ contains a full-color 64 page program guide.