PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 0F01F7F0764CD8A5B7D9F00F95D0B5386C86F454
File Size: 371.05 MB
Year: 2001
Label: Zoe 
Catalog #: 7697422112


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Gordon Downie (born February 6, 1964) is a Canadian rock musician, writer and occasional actor. He is the lead singer and lyricist for the Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip. He has released two solo albums, Coke Machine Glow in 2001 and Battle of the Nudes in 2003; the former was sold with a book of poetry of the same name included with the CD. Canadian indie band The Dinner Is Ruined, also called The Country of Miracles, served as his backing band for both solo albums.

Downie's third solo album, The Grand Bounce, is scheduled for release June 8, 2010, and will include the track "The Hard Canadian", which was performed live February 4, 2010 in Toronto during a performance with Gordon Lightfoot.

Downie was born in Amherstview, Ontario.[1] He is the godson of former Boston Bruins general manager and coach Harry Sinden.[2] He attended Ernestown Secondary School (Odessa, Ontario) in grade nine and part of grade ten. He graduated from Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute in 1982, a school also attended by his band-mates. Downie then studied film at Queen's University in Kingston.[3] Downie was a minor league hockey goalie and played for an Ontario championship winning Bantam level team in 1979.

Downie's use of stories and myths about life in Canada, along with his wild antics and rantings on stage, has helped enshrine The Tragically Hip as a home-grown and much-loved Canadian band. Band performances are peppered with his seemingly endless and incomprehensible rantings between song verses—a trait that endears him to his fans. One notable rant is the "KillerWhaleTank" rant from the song "New Orleans Is Sinking".[4] Another is the double suicide story line in the song "Highway Girl".

Comparisons have been drawn between Gordon Downie and Michael Stipe of R.E.M. because both are known for writing intelligent, eclectic, and introspective lyrics, the meaning of which are often difficult to decipher, and also because they share similar performing styles.[5][6][7][8]

Downie has cameo appearances in Men with Brooms, in which The Tragically Hip play a curling team. Downie also made a cameo appearance in the 2008 indie drama, "Nothing Really Matters", directed by Jean-Marc Piché. Downie also appears in the Trailer Park Boys movie The Big Dirty, in which he and Alex Lifeson play a pair of police officers. More recently, he and other members of the band can be seen in the final episode of Trailer Park Boys entitled "Say Goodnight To The Bad Guys", in which he is harassed while eating a bologna sandwich at a singles dance. Downie is also featured in the sitcom Corner Gas in the episode "Rock On!" in which The Tragically Hip are shown as a local band practising in the main characters garage. Colin James is also featured in the same episode. Most recently, Downie appeared in Michael McGowan's film, One Week as a pot smoking philosopher alongside fellow Canadian Joshua Jackson.

Downie is mentioned in the second volume of the Scott Pilgrim series of graphic novels, Scott Pilgrim Vs. the World. In it, the title character and his friend listen to one of Downie's solo albums, and repeatedly describe him as "a genius".

Downie worked with fellow Canadian band City and Colour to contribute vocals on the track "Sleeping Sickness" for the album, Bring Me Your Love.

Downie resides in Toronto with his wife and children and has a summer residence in Picton[9] [10] and is a Trustee of Lake Ontario through his support of the Waterkeeper Alliance







Coke Machine Glow 2001


Coke Machine Glow was the first solo album released by Gordon Downie, the singer for The Tragically Hip. It was released in 2001.

Early copies of the album were released as a joint package with a book by Downie, also titled Coke Machine Glow. The book included the song lyrics from the album and other poetry. As a result of the album's sales, the book is one of the best-selling volumes of poetry ever published by a Canadian writer. [citation needed]

Downie's backing band on Coke Machine Glow was credited as "the Goddamned Band". Participating musicians included Julie Doiron, Josh Finlayson, Atom Egoyan and members of The Dinner Is Ruined.


Tracks: 

1.	"Starpainters"
2.	"Vancouver Divorce"
3.	"SF Song"
4.	"Trick Rider"
5.	"Canada Geese"
6.	"Chancellor"
7.	"The Never-Ending Present"
8.	"Nothing but Heartache in Your Social Life"
9.	"Blackflies"
10.	"Lofty Pines"
11.	"Boy Bruised by Butterfly Chase"
12.	"Mystery"
13.	"Elaborate"
14.	"Yer Possessed"
15.	"Every Irrelevance"
16.	"Insomniacs of the World, Goodnight"





Enjoy :)
