File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:38

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 23.98
BitRate : 4093 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.08 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Scream is the tenth studio album by English heavy metal musician Ozzy Osbourne. Released in the United Kingdom on 14 June 2010, the album was recorded at Osbourne's home studio "The Bunker" in Los Angeles, California and produced by himself and Kevin Churko, who had previously worked on Black Rain. The album was commercially successful, reaching number 12 on the UK Albums Chart and number four on the US Billboard 200 chart.

Originally titled Soul Sucka, the album is the first to feature guitarist Gus G and drummer Tommy Clufetos, who replaced long-term guitarist Zakk Wylde and Mike Bordin in 2009. Scream is also the first release to feature keyboardist Adam Wakeman, who has worked with Osbourne as a touring musician since 2004. The lead single released from the album was "Let Me Hear You Scream", which peaked at number six on the American Rock Songs chart.

Osbourne revealed in July 2009 that he was currently seeking a new guitar player. While he states that he has not fallen out with Zakk Wylde, he said he felt his songs were beginning to sound like Black Label Society and fancied a change. In August 2009, Osbourne performed at the gaming festival BlizzCon with a new guitarist in his lineup, Gus G of Firewind. Osbourne also provided his voice and likeness to the video game Brütal Legend character The Guardian of Metal. In November, Slash featured Osbourne on vocals in his single "Crucify The Dead,"  and Osbourne with wife Sharon were guest hosts on WWE Monday Night Raw. In December, Osbourne announced he would be releasing a new album with Gus G, Tommy Clufetos (formerly supporting Rob Zombie, Ted Nugent, Alice Cooper) on drums, and Blasko (formerly supporting Rob Zombie) on bass titled Soul Sucka.  Negative fan feedback was brought to Osbourne's attention regarding the album title. In respect of fan opinion, on March 29 Osbourne announced his album would be renamed Scream.

On 13 April 2010, Osbourne announced the release date for Scream would be 15 June 2010. The release date was later changed to 22 June. A single from the album, "Let Me Hear You Scream," debuted on the 14 April 2010 episode of CSI: New York. The song spent 8 weeks on the Billboard Rock Songs, peaking at #7. Other songs from the album include "Let it Die," "Digging Me Down," "Fearless," and "I Want it More."

Osbourne held a Meet-And-Greet album signing at the main branch of HMV in his home-town Birmingham, followed later that day by an intimate show in the Birmingham Town Hall. The first four hundred fans that arrived at the store earlier in the day were given wrist bands, enabling free access to the show.

On August 9, Ozzy announced that the second single from the album would be "Life Won't Wait" and the video for the song would be directed by his son Jack.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/