Peter Gabriel - Plays Live 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 2 / 22 files 

Category Rock, Rock/Pop, Live Performances, Art Rock 
Label Geffen 
Orig Year 1983 
All Time Sales Rank 10163 
CD Universe Part number 1026860 
Catalog number 25319 
Discs 2 
Release Date Oct 01, 2002 
Studio/Live Live 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Peter Gabriel; Peter Walsh 
Engineer Neil Kernon; Peter Walsh 
Recording Time 43 minutes 
Personnel Peter Gabriel - vocals, flute, piano, keyboards, synthesizer, drums 
Jerry Marotta - vocals, drums, percussion, background vocals 
David Rhodes - vocals, guitar, background vocals 

Also: Tony Levin, Larry Fast, Larry Fast 

Plays Live CD DISC 1: 
1. Rhythm of the Heat, The 
2. I Have the Touch 
3. Not One of Us 
4. Family Snapshot 
5. D.I.Y. 
6. Family and the Fishing Net, The 
7. Intruder 
8. I Go Swimming 

Plays Live Songs DISC 2: 
1. San Jacinto 
2. Solsbury Hill 
3. No Self Control 
4. I Don't Remember 
5. Shock the Monkey 
6. Humdrum 
7. On the Air 
8. Biko 

PLAYS LIVE (HIGHLIGHTS) are highlights from 4 different North American concerts between December 1982 and Spring 1983. 

This is a Super Audio CD playable only on Super Audio CD players. 

PLAYS LIVE is the sound of a man finally freeing ... Full Descriptionhimself definitively from the shackles that had bound him for years. Admittedly those shackles, being front man for Genesis, one of the most fascinating and consistently creative prog-rock bands of the early '70s, were hardly severe. But they were a constraint nonetheless. (How often could Peter take some fan screaming "Suppers Ready" when trying to debut new material?) Finally, with a substantial body of solo material (four albums, three of them titled PETER GABRIEL), Gabriel was ready to put the ghost of Genesis to rest. 

And while he did drive a stake through his art-rock past, Gabriel's incendiary stage presence could not be distinguished. Luckily the live set captured here, which draws heavily from the SECURITY album, is consistently first rate and involving. Not content just to breath fresh life into road-weary veterans like "D.I.Y" or "Solsbury Hill," Gabriel reaches for new emotional heights on stellar versions of "San Jacinto," "Biko" and "And Through The Wire." As a bonus for completists PLAYS LIVE also contains the ultra-rare "I Go Swimming." Overall an excellent portrait of Gabriel's live show. 

The complete package of the former Genesis lead singer's first solo live album from 1983. This is the complete edition of the show with 4 tracks not included on the single U.S. Edition: "The Rhythm of The Heat", "Not One Of Us", "Intruder" and "On The Air". 

Recorded in 1982. 
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://open.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
 
 
