"Telephone" is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga from her second studio album The Fame Monster, featuring American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. Gaga originally wrote "Telephone" for Britney Spears, however plans did not go through, and Gaga recorded the song herself, with Beyoncé as the featured vocalist. The main inspiration behind the song was Gaga's fear of suffocation. The lyrics portray the singer as preferring the dance floor, rather than answer her lover's phone calls. Gaga explained that the telephone addressed in the lyrics of the song, is in reality a person telling her to continue working harder. Musically, the song consists of an expanded bridge, verse-rap and an epilogue  where the line is disconnected. Knowles appears in the middle of the song with the verses being sung in a rapid-fire way, accompanied by double beats.

"Telephone" was appreciated by contemporary critics who frequently noted it as a stand-out track from The Fame Monster, with one critic comparing it to Gaga's debut single "Just Dance". Released as the second official single from the album, the song charted in a number of countries due to digital sales, following the album's release, namely in United States, Australia, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Hungary and the United Kingdom. She performed an acoustic rendition of "Telephone" mixed with "Dance In The Dark" at the 2010 BRIT Awards in memory of Alexander McQueen. It was also added to the setlist of the European leg of The Monster Ball Tour.

Gaga explained that the music video is a continuation of the video for "Paparazzi", and is also shot as a short film. The video features Gaga in a prison, from where she gets bailed out by Beyoncé. They go to a diner where, after a series of events, they kill the guests having dinner. It ends with Gaga and Beyoncé escaping from the police. Paying homage to Quentin Tarantino and his films Kill Bill (2003-2004) and Pulp Fiction (1994).[2] The video was positively received by contemporary music critics.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telephone_%28song%29

Video: MP4 – 1920*1080 – 3516 Kbps – 25 fps
Audio: AAC – 125 Kbps – 2 Channels