Angel Puss (1988) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0178238/ 
http://www.tlavideo.com/raw-angel-puss/p-216071-4 
http://www.bargainadultdvd.com/action/product.asp?product=687338&partner_id=10008495

Studio 	VCA
Release Date Apr 29, 1988
Category  Classic, 1989 AVN Award Winner
Director Alex de Renzy 
Starring Shanna McCullough, Renee Morgan, Brandi Wine, Peter North, Tom Byron, Joey Silvera

Award-winning director Alex de Renzy serves up a hot and hilarious tale of poison oak, passionate pokes and angelic strokes!
Review

Angel Puss is a delightful and arousing adult film from the late 80s starring sexy starlet Shanna McCullough and pretty red-head Brandi Wine, in her XXX debut. Director Alex de Renzy really knows how to make the most of his stars, packing as much sex as possible into 74 minutes without ever losing sight of the plot. The story of Angel Puss revolves around Joey Silvera who is stuck in the hospital with a bad case of poison oak all over his hands. Balls aching and horny as hell, Joey will do whatever it takes to get some female attention; first he tries to win over his candy striper, Renee Morgan, but when she gets in trouble with the head nurse (Shanna McCullough) he begs them both for mercy (and a blowjob!). Yet their affections alone can't satisfy his pent up urges; his mind wanders to other, more elaborate, scenes of lust.

In Joey's first fantasy, Jennifer Hall, Kendal Marx and Brandi Wine are three frisky ladies who are as hungry for cock as he is for pussy. Fortunately for them, Peter North and Tom Byron are more than willing to fuck them all. In another fantasy, "Nurse" Shanna is reprimanded by "Doctors" Peter and Tom. While spread out on the desk, Tom takes Shanna's soft round ass in his hands, parts her cheeks and stuffs himself deep inside her asshole. There! That'll teach her...to want more and more and more!

Before the end of the film, Brandi Wine makes another appearance as Joey's very own angel—sent to make sure he's 100% satisfied. This adorable sweetheart certainly looks cherubic. I'll let you decide whether or not she's heaven-sent. Angel Puss is a fun, fuck-filled film you don't wanna miss. 
