Corel Digital Studio 2010 Multilingual


Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7
Languages: EN, FR, IT, DE, ES, NL, JP, CT

Introducing Corel Digital Studio 2010, the PC's first fully
integrated multimedia software for today's digital lifestyle
Photo editing, video editing, DVD burning, DVD playback and
creative projects. All the applications you need in one box - and
they all work together!

Make every picture perfect with Corel Digital Studio's easy
touch-up tools and fun effects. The best photo-editing software
for beginners, it helps you turn your ordinary photos into
stunning keepsakes you'll be proud to share. Fix common problems
like red-eye and color in seconds. Add artistic photo edges and
picture frames with a single click. Play with cool effects to give
your photos more impact. Then share your photos with friends and
family any way you like. Print them, put them online or create
professional-looking DVDs - all right from the suite

Looking for a simple way to clean up and share your videos?
Digital Studio's video-editing software turns your home video into
a quality movie in just minutes. Just choose the video clips
photos and music you want to use, pick a movie style, then sit
back and watch as Digital Studio adds Hollywood-style openings
transitions and credits to create a polished movie. It practically
makes itself! So grab your family and friends, and get ready to
relive your favorite moments over and over again

By combining the easiest photo-editing and video-editing software
with the fastest DVD burning tools you'll ever use, Corel Digital
Studio wraps all your multimedia software into one great
experience. Now you can preserve and share your movies, music
photos and TV shows any way you like - all from the same suite you
used to create them. Digital Studio's DVD Factory helps you create
professional-quality DVDs in just minutes, complete with
Hollywood-style menus and special effects

Watch your favorite movies in true cinematic style with Digital
Studio's WinDVD - the world's #1 video and DVD player software
Whether you're sitting in your home theater or taking the show on
the road with your laptop, WinDVD makes your movies look and sound
superior. Heighten your viewing experience with one-click
Hollywood-quality color enhancements. Add immersive surround sound
effects. Plus, enjoy the latest digital technologies, including
Windows 7 touch-screen features and full AVCHD support

The Corel Digital Studio multimedia suite includes:
* PaintShop Photo Express 2010 - easy photo-editing software
* VideoStudio Express 2010 - simple video-editing software
* DVD Factory 2010 - one-stop DVD burning and converting software
* WinDVD 2010 - the world's best video and DVD player software


