Content of This Book

 

Chapter 1 discusses the IPv4 addressing architecture, which is the basis of this book. Classes and subnetting are key in the IPv4 design. Once you understand IP addresses, Chapter 2 tells you how to make an address plan for your network.

 

If your network is not connected to the Internet, or if you use any kind of network address translation (NAT) device, you are going to use the private addresses reserved for that purpose. Private addresses are detailed in Chapter 3. If you use NAT, or simply want to know about it, then you should read Chapter 4, which is a comprehensive chapter on this technology.

 

Although most networks can have a good address plan using standard subnetting techniques, some networks need variable length subnet masks (VLSM), mostly because they are not balanced in the ratio of number of networks to number of hosts. VLSM is covered in Chapter 5.

 

IP addressing is the basis of routing; Chapter 6 deals with all the details of routing as they relate to addressing.

 

IP requires more configuration in comparison with other LAN protocols. These issues have been resolved by BOOTP and DHCP, which are covered in Chapter 7.

Multicast provides a way to have one-to-many or many-to-many packets by giving the group of destination hosts a specific and special IP address in the class D range. This is a great and innovative way to use IP addressing, and it is covered in Chapter 8.

Since the growth rate of the Internet is phenomenal, engineers developed a new version of the IP protocol, called IPv6, which brings new schemes of addressing. With addressing, IPv6 enables autoconfiguration, renumbering, efficient routing on the backbone, etc. Chapters 9 and 10 9 discuss IPv6 and its header and addressing structure in depth.

 

 

 

The entire book covers the technology of IP addressing. In addition, you need to get a range of addresses for your network. The Annex discusses address assignments and registration.

 

This book demonstrates that IP addressing is a very important feature of IP, which has evolved over time as the Internet and other organizations needed change. The new version of IP, IPv6, continues to use addressing as an important tool for network engineering. 

