 http://www.btarena.org/games/wrc-fia-world-rally-championship-reloaded


 WRC: FIA World Rally Championship (c) Black Bean Games
   
       10/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: None
             1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Racing
 
                  Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
 ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                   ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß


 Take on the extreme challenge of the 2010 World Rally Championship and get
 behind the wheel to compete for the ultimate crown. Chose from the official
 cars and compete on all the WRC events in an authentic time challenge against
 the clock. Experience the dramatic thrills and raw frustrations as you master
 drifting and handbrake turns on your PC, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3!GAME
 FEATURES: ROAD TO THE WRC: follow in the tyre tracks of the WRC heroes as you
 progress through the career mode. Start by building your own team,
 participate in regional championships, and move up the ladder to land a
 prestigious contract with a leading WRC teamTIME ATTACK: select your favorite
 car and take on a famous special stage in your quest to set a record time.
 Upload your best performance online to and download those of the world record
 holders to compare your skillsONLINE RANKING: compete online against other
 players across the world where you can organize or participate in customised
 stages, rallies and championships. Gain experience and hone your skills to
 improve your online ranking and do battle to be crowned the first virtual WRC
 Champion!AUTHENTIC WEATHER CONDITIONS: conquer the elements as the WRC takes
 you from the snowy tracks in Sweden, to the depths of the dusty desert in
 Jordan, and on to the technical asphalt roads of CatalunyaADDITIONAL GAME
 FEATURES: Unlock an exclusive set of liveries and sponsors for each car
 Compete with the champions in the WRC as well as honing your skills in the
 three support categories: P-WRC, S-WRC, J-WRCSelect your preferred settings
 and tailor your car to suit your individual driving style Rely on authentic
 co-driver pacenotes to master the hardest sections of each stage Vote for
 your favourite rally and then compete in it!



            ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
 ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
            ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß

 

 1. Unrar.
 2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the game.
 4. Play the game.
 5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!