Kabul Express



Audio.....: AC3 5.1-ch Hindi
            AC3 2-ch Hindi
subs......: English
            Arabic
            French
            Spanish
            Dutch
            Portuguese
            Tamil
            Kannada
            Tegulu
            Malayalam
Menu......: Yes
Extras....: Yes

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0770214/


Kabul Express is the first feature film for director Kabir Khan who has made several documentaries over the years in Afghanistan. According to him Kabul Express is loosely based on his and his friend Rajan Kapoor's experiences in post-taliban Afghanistan. However, the movie has been criticized as derogatory of one of the ethnic groups of Afghanistan: the Hazara.



Synopsis:
Kabul Express is the story of five individuals linked by hate and fear, but brought together by fate to finally recognize each other. Five people from different worlds, their paths are destined to cross in a country devastated by war – Afghanistan.

The film takes place after the events of 9/11, when America has invaded Afghanistan, which was then under the control of the Taliban. The survivors of the old regime are trying to escape the wrath of the Afghans. At great risk Suhel Khan (John Abraham) and Jai Kapoor (Arshad Warsi), two Indian television reporters, enter Afghanistan with a dangerous aim: to film a documentary on the condition of Afghanistan. They attempt to get an interview with a Taliban soldier captured by the Afghans. Helping them is their Afghan driver, Khyber (Hanif Hum Ghum), with his Toyota utility vehicle called Kabul Express. They soon come across Jessica Beckham (Linda Arsenio) who is a photo journalist.

Their road trip becomes hell when the group are kidnapped by a Pakistani who was once part of the Taliban regime. Jessica is soon captured by Imran after she follows the Indians thinking they have found a huge story. The film follows the next 48 hours of the five individuals.

As the film unfolds, a special relationship develops between the Afghan, the Pakistani, the two Indians and the American.

