5 Star Trek tech books:

Mr. Scott's Guide to the Enterprise,

written and illustrated by Shane Johnson and published by Pocket Books, is a book describing the post-refit USS Enterprise (with some information on the Enterprise-A) from the Star Trek fictional universe. It is written from the viewpoint of the ship's chief engineer, Montgomery Scott. The manual was first printed in 1987.


The Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual

(ISBN 0345340744, Ballantine Books 1975, reprinted 1986, 1996, 2006) is a fiction reference book by Franz Joseph Schnaubelt about the workings of Starfleet, a military, exploratory, and diplomatic organization featured in the television series Star Trek.


Star Trek: The Next Generation: Technical Manual 

(ST:TNG TM) is a paperback reference guide detailing the inner and other workings of the fictional Federation starship Enterprise-D and other aspects of technology that appeared in the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Authored by Rick Sternbach and Michael Okuda, who both worked in the art department on the television series, with a foreword by series creator Gene Roddenberry, the first and only edition was published in 1991 (ISBN 0-671-70427-3) by Pocket Books


Star Trek: The Worlds of the Federation 

is a Star Trek reference manual written and illustrated by Shane Johnson, cover illustration by Don Ivan Punchatz.
The book is a manual of the worlds of the United Federation of Planets and their respective inhabitants. Each entry features a Robinson projection map of the planet, diagram of its stellar system, a few paragraphs relating to the planet and its inhabitants, and a line drawing of the native in costume, with front/back/side views.
The book covers not only the stories from the original Star Trek but also from Star Trek: The Next Generation and Star Trek: The Animated Series.


Star Trek Ship Recognition Manual

Has specs on almost all Federation ships from shuttles up to Galaxy-class.  Also has specs on ships of other races including Klingon, Romulan, Ferengi and Borg.