BMF [Shower Posse Remix] - Ehyeh Asher Ehyeh (a.k.a. Cide Twiy, Rick Ross, Styles P



Track: BMF [Shower Posse Remix]

Artist: Rick Ross

Featuring: Ehyeh Asher Ehyeh (a.k.a. Cide Twiy, and Styles P




"Shoot People" & "Better Madoff Fraud"





"This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it." - Charlie Chaplin

‎"A PRINCE ought to have no other aim or thought, nor...study, than WAR and its rules and discipline" - The Prince by Niccolò Machiavelli [1532]

“You must either conquer and rule, or serve and lose, suffer or triumph, be the anvil or the hammer.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

"There is no avoiding war; it can only be postponed to the advantage of others." - Niccolo Machiavelli [Author of 'The Prince'; 1532]

“Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.” - Mark Overby

 ‎"Let them hate so long as they fear". (Oderint Dum Metuant): attributed by Seneca to the playwright Lucius Accius, and said to be a favourite saying of Caligula, Fragment (170 BC - 86 BC)

“There are three things in the world that deserve no mercy, hypocrisy, fraud, and tyranny.” - Frederick W. Robertson (English
Preacher b.1840 )

[Latin] "Flectere si nequeo superos,
Acheronta movebo." - Publius Vergilius Maro [The Aeneid] --> "If I can not move the gods, I will set the forces of the of the underworld in motion." ("If I cannot move Heaven, I will raise Hell.")

[Latin] "Si vis pacem, para bellum." - "If you want peace, prepare for the war." (Vegetius)





"The whore's honey pours, she leaves her sent on all of man. Death was her name, and the perfume that looms. She begged for battle, and with love I obliged her moaning pleas for pain. For in war, Aries always finds pleasure, and hungers for more without measure." - Ehyeh Asher Ehyeh (a.k.a. Cide Twiy)



"Le miel coule putain, elle quitte son envoyé le tout de l'homme. La mort était son nom, et le parfum qui se dessine. Elle pria pour la bataille, et avec l'amour-je obligé ses moyens gémissements de douleur. Pour la guerre, Bélier trouve toujours plaisir, et pour plus de faim sans mesure." - Ehyeh Asher Ehyeh (a.k.a. Cide Twiy)