..:: P.R.O.U.D.L.Y...P.R.E.S.E.N.T.S ::..               
                                                                         
                   Softstack Best Network Security v2.7                  
                                                                         
                                                                         
      SUPPLiER..: TEAM ROGUE        REL-DATE....: 12/12/2009             
                                                                         
      CRACKER...: TEAM ROGUE        TYPE........: Keygen                 
                                                                       
     SiZE......: 01x5.00MB         PROTECTiON..: Custom                
                                                                       
     URL.......: http://www.softstack.com/                             
                                                                     
                                                                    
                                               
                                 
                              
                             
                                                                     
                                                                     
         Best  Network   Security   is  the   best  solution   for   
         corporations, public libraries, internet  cafes, schools,   
         universities and  other  applications where administrator   
         has to  secure   and maintain   a  lot  of   network   PC   
         workstations located  in different places.  Administrator   
         does not  need  physically visit workstations   to change   
         security  settings  or   install  patches.  Best  Network   
         Security  is   intended for  securing,   protecting,  and   
         maintaining  PC workstations within a  corporate network.   
         This  network-based  password-protected security software   
         lets you  completely secure  PC   workstations over  your   
         network  as  well as   maintain  them   by  uploading and   
         installing  any executable patches remotely.  It supports   
         tons  of  security  restrictions, options  and  tweaks to   
         control  access to  every bit of  Windows.  You  can deny   
         access  to each  individual component of  several Control   
         Panel  applets,  including  Display, Network,  Passwords,   
         Printers, System and Internet  Options; disable the  boot   
         keys, context  menus,   DOS  windows,   Registry editing,   
         Internet  and   Network   access;   hide  desktop  icons,   
         individual drives, Start  menu items, and  taskbar; apply   
         password  protection  to  Windows and  restrict users  to   
         running specific  applications  only,   Control  Internet   
         Usage and  much  more. In  total,  Best  Network Security   
         supports  over  600   different  security   restrictions,   
         options and  tweaks that allow you to restrict  access to   
         almost every corner  of  Windows. After you  install  the   
         remote client  service application  on your workstations,   
         the maintenance becomes  absolutely hassle-free. You just   
         connect your administrator's computer to the net from any   
         place  and remotely  change security settings, upload and   
         execute patches as well as  schedule reboots,  shutdowns,   
         and Windows Explorer  restarts just with  a  click of the   
         mouse.                                                      
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
         Installation:                                               
                                                                     
         Install the server or client + GUI, copy the keymaker in    
         the installed folder. Run the keymaker and patch the        
         application. Click on generate button and copy the key it   
         makes. Start the GUI application and register the           
         application. Enjoy...                                       
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                         
                             
                       
                        
                                                                     
          We are the unfaithful ones, the aggressive ones, the       
          ones you don't want to trust - we are ROGUE!               
                                                                     
          We are looking for:                                        
          * Experienced keygenners...                                
          * Experienced unpackers...                                 
          * Experienced suppliers...                                 
                                                                     
          We are not looking for:                                    
          * New sites...                                             
          * YOU!                                                     
                                                                   
         Contact us at:                                            
           ...find us!                                             
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                         
                                
                     
                        
                                                                     
          Greetings go out to...                                     
                                                                   
         ...to all of our friends out there!                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                           
                               
                              
      ASCII               X/BbH
                          
                T.E.A.M...R.O.G.U.E...2.0.0.9