The complete series of Gurren Lagann.

Video: 720x400 - 16/9, H.264, MKV, 29fps
Audio: MP3 @ 192 kbps / 2CH Stereo
Languages: English & Japanese
Subtitles: English Text for Songs & Signs and Japanese Audio



Part #1 (Eps #1-9)

In his skyless cavern of a village Simon toils daily, drilling holes to expand his stifling little world until one day he makes an extraordinary discovery: a small glowing drill-bit and the man-sized mech it activates. Before he can give it a second thought Simon's dragged into a plot to break through to the surface by the local gang leader Kamina, only to have the ceiling come crashing down on top of them under the weight of a giant monster! It somehow falls onto the boisterous Kamina and cowardly Simon to defend their village - but once they defeat the monster what awaits the duo on the surface world? Pierce the heavens with your soul, Gurren Lagann!



Part #2 (Eps #10-18)

In their battle against the armies of Lordgenome, Team Dai-Gurren has suffered a crippling blow with the death of Kamina. Simon must now pull himself together and emerge from the depths of depression in which he finds himself wallowing. Will a chance meeting with a beautiful Nia, found inside a discarded crate, be the key to getting Simon back on his feet? And who is the mysterious girl and what is her connection to Lordgenome?



Part #3 (Eps #19-27)

Seven years have passed since the final battle against Lordgenome and the Beastmen. Mankind is now thriving on the surface of the planet. Lordgenome's fallen capital has now become humanity's new capital, Kamina City, and lead by Simon and the other members of Team Dai-Gurren. The suffering of the people forced to live underground seems like a distant memory. Instead of struggling to survive day after day, Simon now finds himself dealing with civic duties of keeping the residents of the metropolis happy. However, true to Lordgenome's final words, when the population of humans on the planet reaches 1,000,000 people, an even greater threat falls upon mankind. Now, up against an unknown enemy and obstacles in every direction he turns, Simon must fight against destiny to save the woman he loves and all of mankind once again in the process!


