Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands-SKIDROW

RELEASE DATE : 26-06-2010              PROTECTION : Ubisoft DRM         
     GAME TYPE    : Action                  DISKS      : 1 DVD               

     Release Notes:                                              

     A little statement about the work involved:                     
                                                                       
        To clear the minds of the individuals who think: "Game x was    
        done fast and this one taking ages" etc.  The way the Ubisoft   
        DRM works, makes it so that every game is like a brand new      
        challenge. What it does do, is offload certain parts of the     
        game to a server, game then requests those things at runtime.   
        These parts can be anything that the developer wants. In the    
        case with Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands, those things   
        were:                                                           
                                                                        
        - Levers logic                                                  
        - Door timing                                                   
        - Upgrades                                                      
        - Abilities                                                     
        - XP & Levels                                                   
        - Area codes                                                    
                                                                        
        Every time you step on a button "in game", it sends a request   
        to server asking what to do. Server then sends the door code    
        to open, including how much time it stays open. Levers work     
        similarly, every time you press the "TAB" button to display     
        skills, game asks again server: "What skills do player have",   
        and so on and on.                                               
                                                                        
        All that stuff takes a lot of time to implement right and we    
        do implement it like the original do. All our doors open and    
        close with exact same time factors as the retail do. We just    
        wanted to clarify a little how the Ubisoft DRM really does      
        work, because a lot of those individuals we mentioned in the    
        beginning of this statement didn't seem to understand, yet      
        what kind of monster this is. It's not some simply "Values"     
        going around like it were with Assassin's Creed II.             

                                                                        
        On with the game release information:                           
                                                                        
        Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands is the next chapter in     
        the fan-favorite Sands of Time universe. Visiting his           
        brother's kingdom following his adventure in Azad, the Prince   
        finds the royal palace under siege from a mighty army bent on   
        its destruction. When the decision is made to use the ancient   
        power of the Sand in a desperate gamble to save the kingdom     
        from total annihilation, the Prince will embark on an epic      
        adventure in which he will learn to bear the mantle of true     
        leadership, and discover that great power often comes with a    
        great cost. Game features include:                              
                                                                        
        Classic Gameplay Reinvented: From huge-scale multi-enemy        
        combat to dizzying feats of acrobatic prowess in gigantic       
        environments enhanced by the Prince's ability to control        
        nature and time, Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands will      
        push the Prince's prodigious abilities to unseen levels.        
                                                                        
        A Blockbuster Experience: Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands  
        will offer players unforgettable set pieces made possible by    
        the advanced technology offered by the award-winning Anvil      
        engine. With all-out war at the gates of the kingdom, the       
        Prince's abilities will be challenged like never before         
        through the course of epic wow moments.                         
                                                                        
        Mastery Over Nature: Wielding powers of nature and time, the    
        Prince will have unparalleled mastery over his environment and  
        his enemies. The Prince will discover that harnessing the       
        forces of nature itself will prove to be a devastating          
        companion to his ability to rewind time.                        
                                                                        
        Return of a Fan-Favorite Franchise: Set between Prince of       
        Persia: The Sands of Time and Prince of Persia: Warrior         
        Within, Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands will provide fans  
        a new chapter in the Prince of Persia universe and deepen       
        their understanding of the Sands of Time series.                
                                                                        
                                                                        
      
     Install Notes:                                                 
                        
        2. Mount image or burn it                                       
        3. Install                                                      
        4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your  
           installation directory and overwrite                         
        5. Play the game                                                
                                                                        
        Additional Notes:                                               
                                                                        
        Big thanks to GENESIS for supplying this monster and their      
        beloved support!                                                
                                                                        
                                                                        
        Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!  

Minimum System Requirements
OS: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Intel Pentium D @ 2.6 Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 3800+
Memory: 1 Gb
Hard Drive: 8 Gb free
Video Memory: 256 Mb
Video Card: nVidia Geforce 6800 / ATI Radeon X1600
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
Network: 128 kbps Broadband Internet Connection
DirectX: 9.0c
Keyboard
Mouse
DVD Rom Drive
Recommended System Requirements
OS: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.66Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 4600+
Memory: 2 Gb
Video Memory: 512 Mb
Video Card: nVidia GeForce 9600 / ATI Radeon HD 4000
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
Network: Broadband Internet Connection
DirectX: 9.0c
Keyboard
Mouse
DVD Rom Drive
Notes:
Supported Video Cards at Time of Release:
NVIDIA GeForce 6800 / 7 / 8 / 9 / 100 / 200 / GTX series
ATI RADEON X1600 / HD 2000 / HD 3000 / HD 4000 / HD 5000 series
Laptop versions of these cards may work but are NOT supported. 
These chipsets are the only ones that will run this game. 

Screens: 
http://www.postimg.com/image/17000/16965.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/17000/16967.jpg

CrackFix: 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5655086/Prince.of.Persia.The.Forgotten.Sands.Crackfix.REPACK-SKIDROW

Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
Also please spread the link where you found this torrent to your friends.