Virtual Villagers 1: A New Home (chapter 1)

Care for and nurture a tribe of little people by teaching them the basics of survival. Grow a small village in your computer: your little villagers have food needs, housing needs, technologies to research and diseases to fight! As the village grows and prospers, the villagers become curious about their mysterious island home and the secrets it holds. Aside from guiding the villagers' day-to-day lives, help them explore and restore the island. How will you lead your tribe? 

Virtual Villagers 2: The Lost Children (chapter 2)

Follow two curious, determined villagers as they make their way into the darkest 
recesses of the cave that had long taunted them. Plunge with them into dazzling sunlight and mist, as a magnificent waterfall at once cuts them off from their friends and family and brings them face to face with ... children!
Virtual Villagers 2: The Lost Children challenges you in new ways to care for this fledgling tribe as you discover even more secrets of Isola. The unexpected awaits! Explore the western shore of Isola!

Virtual Villagers 3: TheSecret City (chapter 3)

Embark on a new journey with a group of villagers in search of a new part of the island to populate. Land on the hidden shores of the northern side of Isola and explore what was once a secret city. Find new sources of food to nourish your villagers and help them rebuild the remains of this mysterious city. Who lived here before? Where have they gone? What is the secret of Isola? 

Virtual Villagers 4: The Tree of Life (chapter 4) -- Developer's Edition

Continue the story of the mysterious island of Isola, and the tribe of lost refugees. The island's chief is worried that life is slowly diminishing on the island and has selected a tribe of explorers to find the source of Isola's troubles. They discover, and inevitably populate, the hidden eastern shore of the island. Uncover fantastic mysteries, unravel the story of Isola, and save the Tree of Life!

Instructions:
-Virtual Villagers 1,2,3&4-
1 - For Virtual Villagers 1 run setup and copy crack to the game directory
    For Virtual Villagers 2 run setup
    For Virtual Villagers 3 run setup and copy crack to the game directory
    For Virtual Villagers 4 run setup
2 - Play
3 - PLEASE SEED

PLEASE SEED AFTER YOUR DOWNLOAD IS FINISH.