Her Death And After: Living Room Wars EP

Ripped to 320kbps MP3 from official concert EP CD

Ripped and packed up just for you by BiG SuR (lucky you)

Myspace .com / HerDeathAndAfter

Her Death And After is a west coast based band with a sound as diverse as their influences. Their music is lighthearted yet heavy, pulse pounding yet catchy making you want to dance while also making you want to mosh. Currently residing in the Corvallis area In Oregon, about an hour outside of Portland, This rock Fivesom is ready to take the world by storm providing accessible yet true to the art hardcore music. The haunting vocals and shredding guitar work are both executed by Sean Murray. This is accompanied by the sheer brutality of Marcus Hilliker's vocal range and Aaron's epic guitar rhythm. Andrew Rossetta drops the beats with a winning combo of unique yet somehow familiar drum style and verve all accented by Bassist and Lyricist Josh Granger's mesmerizing bass input and deeply poignant and unapologetic lyrics. Her Death And After is currently making their debut with "Living Room Wars" EP recorded with legendary Portland Oregon producer Kris Crummet (Dead and Divine – The Fanciful, Emarosa – Relativity, Jonny Craig – A Dream Is A Question You Don’t Know How To Answer) The Living Room Wars is Coming soon to iTunes.

Her death and After’s name is derived from the Thomas Hardy poem of the same title written in 1898. The poem exemplifies the inevitability of beauty after tribulation.

Each member of HDAA brings a different regional American influence to the table. Ranging from the Cajun South, to the Pacific Northwest, to southern California. The band is young in its current set-up, but all members have been long time friends and lifetime musicians. Her Death and After is their outlet and an attempt at something great.

Sean, Kevin, Josh, Mike and Andrew all began their friendship in the southern Oregon town of Medford. After playing under many aliases and with several interchangeable members Her Death and After was formed in the winter of 2007. Now living together in the Pacific Northwest, HDAA continues to progress themselves and their music. Promising many great things to come.

HDAA would like to thank everyone who has supported and inspired us. There is nothing we would rather be doing than creating music.

You can find more info, tour dates and band swag on the HDAA myspace page. Myspace / HerDeathAndAfter


If you like the music show your support by buying some band swag or getting tickets to a gig. Share music, support bands.

