 http://bayimg.com/AAOGnaACf

The Day of the Dolphin (1973)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069946/

The Day of the Dolphin is a 1973 American science-fiction thriller film directed by Mike Nichols and starring George C. Scott. Loosely based on the 1967 novel, Un animal doué de raison (A Sentient Animal), by French writer Robert Merle, the screenplay was written by Buck Henry.


 George C. Scott ...  Dr. Jake Terrell 
 Trish Van Devere ...  Maggie Terrell 
 Paul Sorvino ...  Curtis Mahoney 
 Fritz Weaver ...  Harold DeMilo 
 Jon Korkes ...  David 
 Edward Herrmann ...  Mike 
 Leslie Charleson ...  Maryanne 
 John David Carson ...  Larry 
 Victoria Racimo ...  Lana 
 John Dehner ...  Wallingford 
 Severn Darden ...  Schwinn 
 William Roerick ...  Dunhill 
 Elizabeth Wilson ...  Mrs. Rome 
 Phyllis Davis ...  Receptionist 
 Pat Zurica ...  First Mate 


When you think of George C. Scott, or even Mike Nichols for that matter, talking dolphins are probably not the first things that come to mind. In The Day of the Dolphin (1973) George C. Scott plays a dedicated scientist working with dolphins on a remote island. Involved in a top secret project, Scott and his team are training dolphins to both understand and speak the English language. When he has a remarkable breakthrough, however, Scott must race to stop the dolphins from being used as pawns in a bizarre plot to assassinate the President of the United States. The Day of the Dolphin is nothing if not unique, and its curious hodgepodge of different genres including science fiction, political thriller, and environmental cautionary tale is a sincere effort and probably unlike anything you have ever seen.

Based on the 1967 French novel Un Animal Doue de Raison (A Sentient Animal) by Robert Merle, The Day of the Dolphin was originally going to be made by director Roman Polanski of Rosemary’s Baby(1968) and Chinatown(1974) fame. Polanski was busy developing the project in London when he received the devastating news of the violent murder of his wife Sharon Tate in Los Angeles at the hands of members of the Manson family. Understandably, Polanski abandoned the Dolphin project and returned to the states to deal with the tragedy. What the film would have been like in the stylish Polanski’s hands remains an intriguing thought.

Instead director Mike Nichols was offered the project as the result of a contract he had with producer Joseph E. Levine, who ran Avco Embassy Pictures. Nichols had already made two successful films for Levine: The Graduate (1967) and Carnal Knowledge (1971). In order to fulfill his contractual obligation with Levine, Nichols had to complete one more picture for him, but the two couldn’t agree on a project. Nichols and Levine went round and round trying to come up with something, Nichols even trying to get out of his contract at one point. Finally, the two found that they were able to agree upon The Day of the Dolphin. Nichols, desperate to move on from this contract so that he could make other films, jumped in with both feet.

At Nichols’ request, Buck Henry, who had penned the scripts for Nichols’ previous hits The Graduate and Catch-22 (1970), took on the job of adapting Robert Merle’s novel into a screenplay despite his reservations about the material. Having never written a melodrama, Henry thought that The Day of the Dolphin would be a stimulating challenge.

It was a challenge that proved harder than Henry had bargained for, however. “I was trying to make it my own, but I was also trying to make sense of it,” said Henry in a 2003 interview. “The novel was this giant sprawling mess with two fundamentally unbelievable pieces built into it. And once you remove those pieces, like with most stories that rely heavily on narrative, everything falls apart.” Henry wound up making major changes from the book’s plot and kept his fingers crossed that it would all work.

George C. Scott was at the top of his game—and fame—when he joined the cast of The Day of the Dolphin. The commanding actor was fresh off his indelible Academy Award-winning performance in Patton (1970) (an award that he famously refused) and had just received an Academy Award nomination for his work in The Hospital (1971). Both feared and revered, Scott brought his temperamental and bigger-than-life reputation with him to the three-month long shoot on the island of Abaco in the Bahamas, where there was little to do except eat, drink, swim and play tennis. While Scott could lose his temper easily and had a penchant for too much alcohol, most found him to be a teddy bear at heart whose label as one of the greatest living actors was well deserved. “He could be a nightmare,” said Buck Henry, “but he was a blessing. He could do an awful lot with an awful little.”

Buck Henry also made a significant contribution to The Day of the Dolphin in a most unlikely way by providing the voices for the dolphins, Alpha and Beta. The final dolphin voices used in the film were actually a mix of Henry’s voice, mechanical noises, and other dolphin sounds all put together. During the shoot, Henry would often stand off camera and talk in the dolphin voices in order to cue the other actors for their scenes.

A total of six dolphins were trained to perform in the movie. Two dolphins named Buck (for Buck Henry) and Ginger (for Ginger Rogers) played Alpha and Beta, and the four others were backup. Buck and Ginger had been found off the coast of Florida in 1972 and specially trained to perform for this film using an “immediate reward” system.

The strong supporting cast of The Day of the Dolphin includes Trish Van Devere (George C. Scott’s real-life wife) playing his onscreen wife Maggie, Paul Sorvino, Fritz Weaver, and Edward Herrmann. Fans of General Hospital will enjoy seeing a very young Leslie Charleson (aka Dr. Monica Quartermaine) in a small but memorable part as a member of George C. Scott’s research team.

Though the film received decidedly mixed reviews, The Day of the Dolphin was deservedly rewarded with two Academy Award nominations for Best Sound and for Georges Delerue’s hauntingly beautiful score, which provides an atmospheric musical backdrop to some truly beautiful scenery and stunning dolphin sequences.

This highly anticipated re-teaming of Mike Nichols and Buck Henry after their previous successes turned out to be the last time the talented pair would work together. Each branched off to work on his own projects creatively, though there was always the chance (and still is) that the pair would collaborate again someday. “In truth,” said Buck Henry in a recent interview, “I thought maybe we’d run out of good ideas for awhile with that particular film, but it was nothing ever but pleasure for me to work with Mike. We always had a good time.”


The film received mixed reviews when released in 1973. Pauline Kael, the film critic for The New Yorker suggested that if the best subject that Nichols and Henry could think of was talking dolphins, then they should quit making movies altogether. The film was not successful commercially, though it was nominated for two Academy Awards, for Best Original Score (Georges Delerue) and Best Sound (Richard Portman and Larry Jost). The film has gone on to a minor cult status as manifested by its never having gone out of print.

The film was originally going to be directed by Roman Polanski; however, while Polanski was in London, England, looking for filming locations in August 1969, his pregnant wife, the actress Sharon Tate, was murdered in their Beverly Hills home. Polanski returned to the United States and abandoned the project.

Merles novel, a satire of the Cold War, is supposedly the basis for this film, but the films plot was substantially different from that of the novel. The movie is instead inspired in part from the scientist John C. Lillys life. A physician, biophysicist, neuroscientist, and inventor, Lilly specialized in the study of consciousness. In 1959, he founded the Communications Research Institute at St. Thomas in the Virgin Islands and served as its director until 1968. There he worked with dolphins exploring dolphin intelligence and human-dolphin communication.

