File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Flood" is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay. It is considered by most fans of the band to be their "breakthrough" song, with sudden success coming from airplay on contemporary Christian music and alternative rock radio, two radio formats which rarely interact with one another. The song was also a pop radio hit. It was released in 1995 on their self-titled debut album. The album remained in the top 60 albums for much of the year and remained in Billboard's Top 200 albums for the entire 52 week cycle. The album went 'gold' and shortly after attained platinum status. The debut album has now sold well over 2,000,000 copies.

The song plays over the closing credits of the movie Hard Rain (1998).

"Flood" is also the theme song of the A&E reality show, "God or the Girl", which is about four men who are discerning whether or not to enter the seminary. It was a five-part show that began airing on Easter 2006.

"Flood" was used in the ending credits of an episode of "Days of Our Lives" in the late 1990s.

Jars of Clay is the eponymous first full-length album by Christian rock group Jars of Clay. It was released on October 24, 1995 by Essential Records. The album has been highly acclaimed, being one of few Christian albums of the mid-nineties to achieve platinum status. As the group's debut album, Jars of Clay introduced many internationally to the group and established the group due to their distinctive style.

Jars of Clay's eponymous first full-length album is characterized by a combination of drum loops and acoustic guitar strumming that would become an early trademark of the band. Strings are also used prominently in several songs, most notably "Blind" and the album's secret track "Four Seven".

The album was mostly self-produced, with the exception of "Liquid" and "Flood" which were produced by former King Crimson guitarist Adrian Belew.

Several tracks from this album were hits on Christian radio, and as a result they have been staples of the band's live concerts ever since. The song "Flood" became an unexpected hit on mainstream pop and alternative rock radio as well, resulting in a brief period of mainstream popularity for the band during which they toured with artists such as Sting, The Samples and Matchbox Twenty, and were included in several movie soundtracks.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

