 muvee Reveal 7.0.40.10440 (build 2128(10291)) is the latest in video editing software. In a few quick steps, you can automatically create and share personalized, professional looking home movies. Just add your photos, video and favorite music then select a style. With facial and motion detection, muvee Reveal automatically selects the best scenes and syncs everything to the beat of your music. No more slideshows or dull home movies. 

Features
	
High Definition Transfer

Make crystal clear movies from your AVCHD and HDV camcorders. Choose between 1280x720 and 1920x1080 resolution.
	
Styles

Styles help you tell your story in just one click. From birthday celebrations to soccer matches, there is a style that is right for you. Each of our 10 styles has unique effects, animations, transitions to complete your home movie. See more styles »
	
Instant Full Screen Previews

Watch your movies instantly in a full screen, DVD-quality preview. This allows you to edit your movies exactly the way you want them before saving. It’s video editing software without the fuss.
	
shwup

A new way to share movies privately in one click. Upload your movies directly. Send invites to friends and family to view the album. They can contribute photos or just leave a comment. Learn more at shwup.com »
	
Tell your story

There are an infinite number of ways you can personalize your movies. Music, styles, captions, voiceover, and even details like credits at the end are all yours to choose from.
	
Easy to use editing tools

muvee Reveal makes everything easy. Automatic brightness control, color correction and red eye reduction. Zoom in on specific details, rotate images and change the sequence of images. You have complete control.
	
Easy transfer

One-touch transfer from your camcorder, phone, or camera makes it easy to import any media regardless of format.
	
Share easily

Burn DVDs, export your movies to your iPod, iPhone, phone and PSP directly. Share your movies anytime, any place.



Technical Information
Supported input formats
Video 	WMV, Quicktime, MPEG4, H.264, MPEG2, MPEG1, DV-AVI, 3GPP, DVD Camcorder MPEG2, AVCHD, HDV
Pictures 	JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP, TIF
Music 	MP3, WMA, AAC, WAV
Supported output formats
Video 	WMV, WMV-HD, Quicktime, MPEG4, H.264, MPEG2, MPEG1, AVI
Supported languages
English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Chinese (Simplified, Traditional), Japanese, Korean, Dutch, Portuguese (Portugal), Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Swedish
Recommended system requirements
Processor 	Intel Pentium 4 2GHz, AMD Athlon 64
Memory 	1GB RAM (2GB for High Definition)
Display Graphics Card 	Supporting OpenGL 1.4 and with 128MB VRAM (256MB for High Definition)
Operating System 	Microsoft Windows Vista, Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2)
Other Requirements 	Apple Quicktime is required for supporting MOV and iPod formats, .NET Framework 3.0 
