 http://bayimg.com/IapokAaCp

American Playhouse (TV) (1982) 
Who Am I This Time?
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083325/

Who Am I This Time? is a 1982 film directed by Jonathan Demme and based on a short story by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. 

  Susan Sarandon  ...  Helene Shaw  
  Christopher Walken  ...  Harry Nash  
  Robert Ridgely  ...  George Johnson  
  Dorothy Patterson  ...  Doris  
  Caitlin Hart  ...  Lydia  
  Les Podewell  ...  Les  
  Aaron Freeman  ...  Andrew  
  Jerry Vile  ...  Albert  
  Paula Frances  ...  Minnie  
  Mike Bacarella  ...  Stage Manager  
  Ron Parady  ...  Vern  
  Debbi Hopkins  ...  Christie  
  Maria Todd  ...  Heather  
  Sandy McLeod  ...  Flirt #1  
  Edie Vonnegut  ...  Flirt #2 

Christopher Walken portrays Harry Nash, a hardware store clerk who has achieved a degree of local celebrity due to his powerful performances in community theater. Yet when not on the stage or in a rehearsal, Harry retreats into an insecure and painfully shy personality. The story is set in motion when Helene Walsh (Susan Sarandon), a woman intending to stay in town for only a few weeks, is talked into auditioning for the role of Stella, opposite Harry's Stanley Kowalski in a production of A Streetcar Named Desire. Ignoring warnings of Harry's introverted personality, Helene falls in love with Harry's "Stanley" persona, and mistakes his cluelessness and shyness for rejection. This results in a clumsy and uneven performance on the second night of the play, but Helene bounces back in time for closing night, due to an inspiration; her closing-night gift to Harry is a copy of Romeo and Juliet. Harry and Helene find that they can pursue a relationship by reciting stage romances to each other, and the story ends with him proposing in character, from a scene in Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest.

The film's score was composed by John Cale of The Velvet Underground. Hinckley, Illinois served as stand-in for fictional North Crawford.

