File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"So Real" is a song by Mandy Moore, which was released as her second Australian single, following "Candy". It is her second international single and her third and final single to be released overall. In the United States, "Walk Me Home" followed "Candy" as the second single. A video was also released for the single, but was not released in the United States. The single was recorded in French and released very scarcely in France. In addition, "So Real" was released to radio stations in Japan as well.

Although "Candy" had been a huge hit in Australia reaching number two on the singles chart, "So Real" was a moderate success and reached number 21 on the ARIA chart in July 2000.

So Real is the debut album of pop singer Mandy Moore through 550 Music. It was released in 1999 when Moore was fifteen years old. The album was certified platinum in the United States. The album sold more than 2,5 million copies worldwide . In the United States, it has sold 950,000 copies. The album spawned a Top 40 hit with Candy and went platinum within three months in the RIAA, such success was trivial compared to the overwhelming popularity of teen pop's biggest stars.

Amanda Leigh "Mandy" Moore (born April 10, 1984) is an American singer–songwriter, actress and fashion designer. She grew up in Florida. Moore became famous as a teenager in the late 1990s, after the release of her teen-oriented pop albums So Real, I Wanna Be with You, and Mandy Moore. Moore subsequently branched out into a film career, starring in 2002's A Walk to Remember and later appearing in the lead roles of other movies, such as Chasing Liberty, also aimed at teenage audiences. Two of Moore's later films, American Dreamz and Saved!, were satires. Her private life, including her relationships with tennis player Andy Roddick and with actors Wilmer Valderrama and Zach Braff as well as her marriage with singer Ryan Adams became the subject of much discussion in the media. Her most recent album, Amanda Leigh, was released on May 26, 2009. Moore has sold more than 10 million records worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

