Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Wicked Game" is a 1989 song by Chris Isaak from his third studio album Heart Shaped World. It is written in the key of B minor and utilizes the B Dorian modal scale. Despite being released as a single in 1989, it didn't become a hit until it was later featured in the David Lynch film Wild at Heart. Lee Chesnut, an Atlanta radio station music director who was obsessed with David Lynch films, began playing the song and it quickly became a nationwide top ten hit in January 1991, reaching #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, making it the only hit song of his career in the U.S.

The music video of the song was directed by Herb Ritts and featured top model Helena Christensen rolling on the beach with Isaak. It was shot in black and white. Christensen was topless and Isaak was shirtless through most of the video, although clever camera angles concealed any actual nudity. Viewers still reacted to Christensen's sexually suggestive performance, and the video was later featured on MTV's Sexiest Video of All-Time countdown. The video won the MTV Video Music Awards for Best Male Video, Best Cinematography and Best Video from a Film. A previous version of the video was commissioned for the Wild at Heart soundtrack, and was directed by David Lynch.

The video was ranked #13 on VH1's 100 Greatest Videos and was also ranked #4 on VH1's 50 Sexiest Video Moments. The video was ranked #73 on Rolling Stone magazine's "The 100 Top Music Videos".

The song is a classic Love/Hate relationship. The narrator (Isaak) acknowledges that “no one could save me but you” in the first line but then paradoxically says it was “foolish” to partake in the second line. The chorus pines for not wanting to fall in love yet is sung with such passion that one knows he is, or has been in love. He expresses his reluctance, yet hints at wanting to "fall in love" knowing this love of worldly desire will most likely break his heart. The almost silent "don't" in the chorus line "No, I don't want to fall in love" also indicates a longing for this person, being in conflict with reason.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

