"The W Search/Those Who Make the City Grieve"
"W no Kensaku/Machi o Nakaseru Mono" (Ｗの検索／街を泣かせるもの)

Aired September 13, 2009

After using the Revolgarry to drive off the T-Rex Dopant, with Akiko learning about Kamen Rider Double's existence while trapped in the vehicle, Yousuke is later found dead with Shotaro forced to tell Marina about it. Seeking the truth behind Yousuke's death and uncover the other Dopant's identity, Shotaro goes to see his informant "Watcherman", making their way to the site of the Magma Dopant's previous attack where he learns that Yousuke and the person who became the T-Rex Dopant were partners in crime. With this knowledge, and finding an article of clothing after evading the T-Rex Dopant, Shotaro has Philip execute a search on the T-Rex Memory with the Windscale clothing line. Once Philip identifies the Dopant to be Marina, Shotaro takes the revelation hard and took offense to his partner's insulting his kindness towards the criminals. Turning in his Body Memories, Shotaro confronts Marina as she reveals that she was fired and wants revenge, attempting to get Shotaro's sympathy. When she realizes that Shotaro has already contacted the authorities, in spite of him telling her to just turn herself in, Marina becomes the T-Rex Dopant and attacks the police before chasing after Shotaro with intent to eat him. Philip arrives at the last second to save him as the two make their peace and transform into Kamen Rider Double to fight the T-Rex Dopant. Akiko takes Philip's body out of harm's way by hiding in a police car, but they are soon put in danger when the T-Rex Dopant assumes her Big T-Rex form with Double transforming into HeatJoker to fight her before dragging the car behind her. Chasing after them on the HardTurbuler, Kamen Rider Double transforms into HeatMetal to defeat the T-Rex Dopant before reassuming CycloneJoker to save Akiko and Marina, who is arrested soon after. While this chain of events occurs, the Gaia Memory dealer Kirihiko Sudo receives a Gaia Memory from the Sonozaki family as an engagement present.