Bassekou Kouyate & Ngoni Ba - I Speak Fula
2009

Bassekou shows he's the real deal. Don't miss it!

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Listening to his second album, you wonder quite how Bassekou Kouyate gets such expression out of a simple ngoni. The instrument is essentially nothing more than a funky African banjo, yet in his hands its versatility and dynamism is astonishing, capable of shimmering tenderness on 'Tineni' and taking on the zestful, edgy, rock’n’roll attack of a lead guitar on 'Ladon', as well as the churning, earthy blues-funk so characteristic of Malian music. Part of the answer, of course, is that he is a true innovator, changing the way the ngoni has traditionally been played, adding extra strings to increase its harmonic flexibility and even inventing a new bass instrument (ngoni ba). His inventiveness has seen him progress from simple accompanist to the likes of Ali Farka Toure and Toumani Diabate to being an award-winning band leader with 2007's Segu Blue. The follow-up, again sympathetically produced by Lucy Duran, is arguably even better. It’s more assured, boasting the majestic confidence of a musician who knows he's found a unique approach and sound, yet it remains true to the tradition from which he comes. Guest appearances from Vieux Farka Toure (guitar) and Toumani Diabate (kora) create a rich mesh of mesmerising strings while Kouyate's wife Amy Sacko adds suitably wailing vocals. As for the album's title, well the lyrics of the title-track make it clear that there’s one language that's fairly universal: 'Let me pull you into the hut, touch your haunches and you'll see how well I speak Fula'. It will be a tough call come the end of 2009 to chose between this and Tinariwen's Imdiwan as the best African album of the year.
-- songlines.co.uk

Tracks
01- I Speak Fula
02- Jamana Be Diya (feat. Kasse Mady Diabate, Toumani Diabate)
03- Musow - For Our Women
04- Torin Torin (feat. Harouna Samake)
05- Bambugu Blues (feat. Andra Kouyate, Vieux Farka Toure)
06- Amy (feat. Zoumana Tereta)
07- Saro (feat. Vieux Farka Toure)
08- Ladon
09- Tineni (feat. Toumani Diabate)
10- Falani
11- Moustapha

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included

Format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org

You too can search for evidence the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the Lord and Master of the Universe  
http://setiathome.berkeley.edu