Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Hot Rockin'" is a song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, originally released on their 1981 album, "Point of Entry", and released as a single later that year.

This song was featured on the compilation, The Best of Judas Priest: Living After Midnight, which was not endorsed by the band.

The song contains a duel guitar solo by K.K. Downing and Glenn Tipton.

Point of Entry is the seventh album from the British heavy metal band Judas Priest. It was released on 26 February 1981.

In 1980 Judas Priest garnered some airplay with "Breaking the Law" and "Living After Midnight" from their album British Steel. As a result the band pursued a more radio friendly direction on Point of Entry.

Three singles were released from the album: "Heading Out to the Highway", "Don't Go" and "Hot Rockin' ", all of which had accompanying music videos. The band performed "Heading Out to the Highway" up until their Priest...Live! album, and "Hot Rockin' " is still performed today. On the 2005 "Re-united" tour they also played "Solar Angels" on rare occasions: on the Point Of Entry tour, this was the opening song on every show.

The album was remastered in 2001, with two bonus tracks added, a live version of "Desert Plains" and a track from the Ram It Down sessions.

The US cover differed from the rest of the world, this being repeated with the remaster. The US artwork became notorious for its use of printer paper to simulate the line in the middle of the road, and white cardboard boxes on the back.

The World Wide Blitz Tour was the tour supporting the album.

Judas Priest are an English heavy metal band from Birmingham, formed in 1968. Judas Priest's core line-up consists of vocalist Rob Halford, guitarists Glenn Tipton, K.K. Downing, and bassist Ian Hill. The band has gone through several drummers over the years, though Scott Travis  has held the position since 1989. They have been cited as an influence on many heavy metal musicians and bands. Their popularity and status as one of the definitive heavy metal bands has earned them the nickname "Metal Gods" from their song of the same name. They have sold over 35 million albums worldwide., and were named the 78th Greatest Band by VH1.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/