this torrent contains:
A)chess GUI : 
1) shredder 12:
The Shredder chess programs by Stefan Meyer-Kahlen provide a game playing and analysis tool for everybody and are accepted as one of the best chess programs of the world. Since 1996 Shredder has won twelve titles as World Computer Chess Champion which makes Shredder the most successful chess program ever.


2) fritz 12 portable:
Fritz is the world’s most popular chess program, developed by ChessBase, “the world's leading chess software company” (Washington Post). Whether you are a beginner, club player or professional – Fritz has everything that chess players could want: automatically adjusting playing strength, handicap and coaching functions, explanation of positions, coloured danger warnings, openings statistics, automatic game analysis, trainings modules for openings, tactics, endgames, and a database of one million games. Fritz continues to fascinate the chess world. It has beaten a reigning World Champion in the battle of man vs machine, and it has worked with World Champions as a clever training partner (Garry Kasparov: “I regularly analyse with Fritz”) which will entertain you with fresh and humorous verbal comments.
Available from 7. October 2009

NEW: FRITZ is now even faster. The completely redesigned ergonomic interface gives you instant access to all the most important functions. This means more comfort and clearer controls. Never before has it been so easy and fast to play with Fritz.

FRITZ prepares you for serious encounters over the chessboard. Have you ever trained with a human grandmaster? Fritz provides you with twelve hours of video lessons for every level of play. Enjoy the instructive analysis of master games, the discussion of clever openings traps, deadly combinations to solve. The video material introduces you to world class grandmasters like Alexei Shirov, Rustam Kasimdzhanov, Vladimir Kramnik, Vishy Anand, even chess legend Garry Kasparov. And if you cannot play chess Fritz will teach you the rules of the games – within an hour you will be playing your first game of chess.

FRITZ helps you to find friends. It includes a full year’s subscription to Playchess.com, the world’s biggest chess server. Every day you have thousands of players logged into this virtual chess club. You will always find an opponent that matches your playing strength. Or you can simply watch top tournaments and the games of world-class grandmasters played live on the server.

NEW: FRITZ gives you Premium Membership to Playchess. Without further costs or obligations you will be able to listen to the audio commentary during major events, you can receive live training, play in simultaneous exhibitions against top GMs, watch the TV ChessBase shows and play in league tournaments.



B) chess engines:


1)rybka 3:
 world's strongest chess engine

2) deep shredder 12:
 strong positional engine with excellent endgame play




C)chess training tools:
openings: 
chessbase opening encyclopedia
Boris Alterman Gambit Guide

middlegame:
tactics.pgn: a collection of 6790 grandmaster tactics 
The ChessCafe Puzzle Book 2 Strategy
art of attack


endgame:
1234 modern endgames.pgn

you can open .cbh databases and pgn databases using fritz 12. shredder can open .pgn databases only...
clean! scanned with kaspersky.....
a torrent by shakgoku contributing to your chess improvement!!