                  PART  268


              LOS POP TOPS  -  Mammy Blue  (1971)
              MOUTH & MACNEAL  -  How Do You Do  (1972)
              MOUTH & MACNEAL  -  Hello-A  (1972)
              MOUTH & MACNEAL  -  I See A Star  (1974)
              ABBA  -  Fernando  (1975)



     Los Pop Tops were a vocal/instrumental band formed in 1967 in Madrid, Spain and consisting of José Lipiani, Alberto Vega, Ignacio Pérez, Julián Luis Angulo, Enrique Gómez, Ray Gómez plus lead singer Phil Trim. 
Their sound was a blend of baroque classical-styled pop with the soulful vocals of Trim. Major influences included Procol Harum and The Left Banke. They are best known for their 1971 hit "Mammy Blue", referring to a son's poignant song addressed to his departed mother about his childhood memories and life in general, sometimes spelled "Mommy Blue" or "Mamy Blue", or misspelled as "Mummy Blue", which was a Top 10 hit throughout much of Europe, Japan (#2), and Canada (#42), and a minor Billboard Hot 100 chart hit in the United States (#57) as well. It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc. It was covered by many singers.The most famous recordings are the ones by Roger Whittaker, Horace Andy, Demis Roussos, Stories and  Oak Island Treasury Department. The song has been popular in other languages as well It was done in Spanish by José Mercé, in Italian by Dalida, in German by Ricky Shayne and in Finnish by Kirka Babitzin.The composer of the song "Mammy Blue" is Frenchman Hubert Giraud.
     Mouth & MacNeal was a pop duo from the Netherlands.The duo released their first single, "Hey You Love", which reached #5 in the Dutch Top 40, while the next two singles "How Do You Do" and "Hello-A" both reached #1. In 1972, Mouth & MacNeal reached the top of the charts throughout Continental Europe and Scandinavia. "How Do You Do" was made popular in the United States by radio personality Jim Connors and the song eventually reached #8 in the U.S. in July 1972. "How Do You Do" spent 19 weeks in the Billboard Hot 100 and won the R.I.A.A. gold disc on 2 August 1972. Selling over a million copies in the U.S. alone, global sales exceeded two million. This propelled their 1972 album "How Do You Do" into the Billboard 200 (US #77). More hit singles followed in 1973, and in 1974 Mouth & MacNeal represented the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest placing third, behind ABBA and Gigliola Cinquetti with their song "I See a Star", which went on to be a #1 hit in Ireland. In December 1974, shortly after their success with "I See a Star", Mouth and MacNeal split up.
    "Fernando" is Swedish pop group ABBA's 1st non-album single, released in November 1975. Lead vocals were sung by Anni-Frid Lyngstad. "Fernando" was one of ABBA's best-selling singles ever, selling over 10 million copies worldwide and topping the charts in at least 13 countries: Australia, Austria, Belgium, France, West Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, Ireland, Mexico, The Netherlands, New Zealand, South Africa & Switzerland. In Australia  "Fernando" stayed #1 for 14 weeks and spent 40 weeks in the charts, making "Fernando" one of the best selling singles of all time in Australia. "Fernando" also reached the Top 3 in Canada, Finland, Norway, Spain, Sweden & Rhodesia. "Fernando" peaked at #13 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, making it (at the time) ABBA's highest charting American single after "Waterloo". However, "Fernando" did reach #1 on the Billboard adult contemporary chart, the 1st of 2 #1's for ABBA on this chart (the 2nd being "The Winner Takes It All"). The song remains an airplay staple on North American radio stations specializing in the MOR, adult standards & easy listening formats."Fernando" was also chosen as the "Best Studio Recording of 1975", ABBA's 1st international prize.
               