American Made Alexis Ford (2010)
 
http://www.imagengratis.org/images/americanma.jpg

Studio  Adam & Eve 
Release Date  Jan 27, 2010 
Category  All Sex, Gonzo 
Starring  Alexis Ford, Danni Cole, Evan Stone, Isis Taylor, Justine Joli, Kris Slater, Nicole Ray, Tommy Gunn 

Introducing Alexis Ford in her FIRST EVER boy-girl scene!

Kick it into high gear with Alexis Ford in her first movie as a contract star with Adam & Eve Pictures! Hired to work on Tommy Gunn’s collection of classic cars, Alexis and her all-girl mechanics spend more time diving below the belt than under the hood! Tommy and his friends have never run smoother, and the hot rods have never looked better!

But what really stands out is the final scene – Alexis’s first boy-girl scene on camera! Alexis starts off fun and playful before getting serious with some dirty-talking action! She’s got a great body and knows how to use it to dive men wild. Her passion and raw sexual energy really come across on screen leading to a truly explosive first time!

Scene 1: Nicole Ray goes to work on Tommy Gunn’s dipstick – swallowing it down with a lip-smacking blowjob before he slips it inside to test her juicy pussy out!

Scene 2: Alexis Ford treats sexy redhead Justine Joli to a lubejob – licking her pussy ‘til she’s dripping! Then Alexis thrusts her bald box in Justine’s face as she returns the favor before finishing her off with some pussy-bumping and grinding!#nbsp; 

Scene 3: Danni Cole’s taking a break with her vibrator when Evan Stone joins lends a helping hand! She sticks her ass in the air and gives her clit a buzz with her sex toy as he rides her behind, then Danni flips over and throws her legs on his shoulders for deep-pumping missionary!

Scene 4: Kris Slater does a little body work on Isis Taylor – munching on her purring pussy before she jumps on him for cowgirl, her jaw-dropping bubble butt bouncing with every stroke!

Scene 5: Grease monkey Alexis drops her overalls and takes Tommy on a test drive! Alexis starts off slow with a sensual blowjob and teabagging! Then, she jumps into the driver seat, rocking back & forth on Tommy’s cock as she rides him. After licking her juice off his cock, she sticks her rump in the air for deep doggy until he pops on her smiling face!
