What do you really need to know to fight and win on the ground? Scientific wrestling authority and best-selling author Mark Hatmaker began searching for the answer more than 25 years ago.
The Complete Grappler is a comprehensive multimedia course that hands you the most effective, must-have grappling techniques and skills on a silver platter. The culmination of nearly three decades of painstaking research, documentation, organization and hard-core training and application, this extraordinary package contains everything you need to know to learn to wrestle effectively. Unlike the narrow-minded, style-focused grappling arts that are so popular today, Hatmaker drew his knowledge from the entire spectrum of the grappling arts. Then, through objective analysis and Western empiricism, he distilled it to 380-plus critical skills that form the foundation of true scientific wrestling. In the process, he rediscovered many of the “lost” techniques of history’s most famous and infamous wrestlers and incorporated them into this amazing program.
The Complete Grappler presents every one of these moves in meticulous detail and demonstrates them step-by-step, at full speed, and in slow motion from all the camera angles you need to see to truly understand and learn. Hatmaker also organizes his instruction to present offensive techniques, counters to those techniques and finally “re-counters” to the counters. Through this scientific progression, you don’t just learn a collection of disjointed techniques; you learn how to chain techniques into winning strategies and tactics that work on the mat and on the street.
This incredible course includes six DVDs containing more than 10 hours of detailed instruction. It also includes a 496-page workbook that presents comprehensive written instruction and step-by-step photos for every technique. Best of all, the vast majority of the information in this course is entirely new and not included in Hatmaker’s other best-selling videos. If you already own other Hatmaker titles, the material in this course will help you further integrate your skills into a comprehensive fighting system. If you don’t, this series will provide you with the scientific wrestling foundation you need and whet your appetite for Hatmaker’s other takedown, submission, no-holds-barred, and street wrestling courses.
Mark Hatmaker is a lifelong student of the martial arts, with more than 25 years of experience in Western boxing, wrestling and no-holds-barred fighting. Known as “the Professor of Grappling,” he is widely recognized for his pragmatic, results-oriented approach to combat training.