Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Giving You Up" is a dance-pop song performed by Australian singer Kylie Minogue for her greatest hits album, Ultimate Kylie (2004). The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins, Tim Powell, Lisa Cowling, Paul Woods, Nick Coler, and Minogue and produced by Higgins and Xenomania.

"Giving You Up" was released as the album's second single in March 2005 to mixed reviews from music critics. It was a commercial success, reaching the top forty on the majority of the charts it entered, topping the Portuguese singles chart. In Australia, "Giving You Up" was released with "Made of Glass" as a double A-side. "Giving You Up" proved to be Minogue's last single release before her two year hiatus to battle breast cancer. Her next release would occur in late 2007.

The music video for "Giving You Up" was directed by Alex and Martin and filmed in February 2005 in London, England. The video features Minogue as a tall (oversized), vampy, blonde giantess roaming through the streets and clubs  of London at night. There are three sequences; the first features Minogue walking through a tunnel, the second of her walking through the streets and the third of her in a club. Throughout the video Minogue meets several people. In a sequence on the streets, she dances in front of a taxi cab that has stopped to let her across a zebra crossing. Minogue then heads to a club where she meets a shy man who is interested in her. In another scene on the streets, Minogue walks past three men, and begins to dance and sing to them.

The video premiered in February 2005 and was released commercially on the song's CD single. In 2006, the video was nominated for "Best International Video" at the 15th Annual MVPA Awards.

"Giving You Up" was written and recorded during the summer of 2004 in London, England by Minogue and Xenomania for Minogue's greatest hits compilation Ultimate Kylie. The song was released in various formats throughout the world. While most territories received a CD single and digital download release, the song was released as a limited edition vinyl single in the United Kingdom. In Australia, the CD single was limited to 25,000 copies.

The international CD single featured the B-side "Made of Glass", which was written by Minogue and Xenomania during the recording sessions for Ultimate Kylie in 2004. The song was also recorded by British pop singer Rachel Stevens, but released commercially as a B-side by Minogue in 2005. In Australia, "Made of Glass" was released as a double A-side with "Giving You Up".

Ultimate Kylie is the third compilation album by Australian dance-pop singer–songwriter Kylie Minogue. It was released in November 2004 by Parlophone Records. This collection superseded Kylie's 1992 Greatest Hits compilation and the 2000 compilation Hits+. It was released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.

Spanning two CDs, the album contains work from all nine of her studio albums released at that point, plus two new tracks, "I Believe in You" (written with the Scissor Sisters) and "Giving You Up" (written with Xenomania). The album was re-released exclusively in Australia as a set consisting of two CDs and a DVD to coincide with her return to prominence and saw the album re-enter the charts at #16.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/