Naturally.Yours.4.2009.XXX.NTSC.DVDR



screens (+ large DVD-covers): 
http://www.cmylink.com/NaturallyYours4




Silicone and Saline Free, Naturally Yours 4 features the finest “all natural” sluts in XXX. 
Don't mistake “all natural” for sweet and innocent, however! 
These ho's are sex-craved maniacs that will rock your cock! 
Should you add this un-augmented flick to your collection … Naturally!

Actresses

    * Angelina Ash                   [Bald]
    * Chayse Evans                   [Anal]
    * Diana Doll
    * Gianna Michaels                [Facial]
    * Selena Skye                    [Anal Bald]


   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Chayse Evans, John Strong, Selena Skye
    * Scene 2. Angelina Ash, David Perry
    * Scene 3. Jenner, Selena Skye
    * Scene 4. Pat Myne, Diana Doll
    * Scene 5. Gianna Michaels, Mark Wood


Category:        Anal, big natural tits, straight
Studio:          Diabolic
Released:        2009
Language:        English
Duration:        02:13:00

Video...........: 7 passes cce / 3150 kbps
Audio...........: English ac3 stereo
Menu............: Untouched
Video Type......: NTSC
Extras..........: Partially removed
Image...........: .ISO


REVIEW:

See that picture of a dripping wet Gianna on the cover? That pretty much says it all, as far as what to expect out of Naturally Yours 4. Five big titted beauties, all sans surgical augmentation of any kind, get down and dirty for the camera in this latest entry in what will hopefully be a long running series from Diabolic. There isn't any plot to speak of, in fact, there's barely anything even remotely resembling a set up, but there is over two hours of quality hardcore fucking to enjoy, so without further ado...

Chapter 1 - Chayse Evans And John Strong: After a nice tease to open this scene, dark haired and tattooed Chayse gives John a nice, solid looking blowjob, using her tits on him a few times as well to get him ready for action. They spoon fuck, first vaginally and then anally, and then Chayse gets John on his back and rides him, anally, reverse cowgirl style. She hops off of him and sucks his cock some more, and then gets down in front of him on all fours for some anal doggy style fucking. John pulls out and strokes himself off all over her big tits.

Chapter 2 - Angelina Ash And David Perry: When this scene starts, foxy blonde Angelina is rubbing herself up in the shower and giving the camera ample opportunity to ogle her body. She masturbates a bit for us and then David comes into the room and she uses her mouth and her tits on his cock. Once she's got him all warmed up, they spoon fuck for a bit and then she gives him more head. She rides him cowgirl style and then titty fucks him before going back to more spoon fucking. She gets down on all fours for some doggy style action, blows him again, and then she rides him cowgirl style. He gets her on her back and fucks her missionary style, pulling out to finish by plopping a big load onto her tits.

Chapter 3 - Selena Skye And Jenner: Dark haired Selena teases Jenner a bit and sucks him off to get things started right. He fingers her snatch and then she spreads for him and he fucks her missionary style, first vaginally and then up the ass. She flips her over and fucks her ass doggy style, hammering it pretty hard as she starts to get more into things, and then she rides him, anally, reverse cowgirl giving us a really nice look at her tits in action. He pulls out of her and shoots his goop onto her hooters.

Chapter 4 - Diana Doll And Pat Myne: Pretty blonde Diana Doll, aptly named as she is, gets Pat in the mood by sucking on his prick. After the oral warm up, she gets on all fours and he fucks her doggy style. She blows him again, then rides him reverse cowgirl style, stopping only to suck her cunt juice off of him periodically. He spoon fucks her and plays with her tits while he goes at it, and then he pastes her tits with jizz to finish the scene.

Chapter 5 - Gianna Michaels And Mark Wood: Saving the best for last, we get a nice final scene with cover girl Gianna that starts off with a nice bathtub tease scene as she lathers herself up for us. From there we get some great oral action on her part. Gotta love those eyes of hers. Mark returns the oral affections and eats her out before she rides him reverse cowgirl, pulling off to suck on his prick some more and titty fuck him for a few minutes. She stands up and bends over in front of him and he fucks her from behind and then, after she sucks him a bit more, he fucks her missionary style. He pulls out and ends the scene and the feature by shooting his goop onto her famous tits.
The DVD

Video:

This anamorphic widescreen 1.78.1 shot on video production looks decent enough though the quality varies from scene to scene a little bit depending on the location and the lighting. The producers took the time to light their shots (or at least it looks that way for most of the scenes) and the transfer has been done properly so as to minimize video noise, but there are still some mild compression artifacts present in the darker portions of the image. Skin tones, ever important in porn, look natural as do most of the other colors represented in the picture. All in all, the visuals are pretty strong here, the transfer looks fine.

Sound:

The Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo mix is of pretty decent quality. Background music is mixed in properly against the recorded sounds from the sex scenes and I didn't notice any hiss or distortion present on the track at all. It's nothing that'll blow your mind, but the audio here is perfectly acceptable and pretty much what you'd expect from a modern smut feature like this.

Extras:

The main extra feature is a ten minute Behind The Scenes featurette which starts off with Gianna hanging out with her co-star in the tub. We see the girls posing for photo shoots and relaxing off camera and getting dressed and prepped for their scenes. Aside from that, there's a Cum Shot Recap which is exactly what it sounds like, and a still gallery of a few images presented as a slide show set to music which plays out over two minutes. There's also a link to the Anabolic Digital website.

Final Thoughts:

Fans of nice, natural tits will enjoy Naturally Yours 4. The sex is hot and constant, all killer no filler so to speak, and the girls, all of whom look great, perform enthusiastically and without any hesitation. It's a nice mix of sex, some scenes a bit harder than others, and it's all well shot and quite nicely produced. The extras are nothing to write home about but this is otherwise a pretty solid package and it comes recommended.



3,700+ porn torrents: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens

(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)




