During installation, you have to be careful if you don't want to set JetAudio Basic as the default application for audio and video files. However, the freeware application gives you plenty of reasons to make it your only player.

The interface has a modern design that looks like an equalizer. You can customize each section of the program, from CD ripping to format conversion, to your heart's content. The program can convert files among some a number of formats, as well as read and edit MP3 tags. The built-in Cross-fader, Reverb, and Wide-sound modes provide a nice touch not found in most MP3 players. The program becomes truly unique with its clock, however, which features a timer and an alarm. We also appreciate the inclusion of a tool for seeking out song lyrics.

Our only quibble is it treats a playlist as an album but uses the artist as its primary key field, making it difficult to locate mixes. JetAudio Basic's appealing product set should attract audiophiles.

It's secret lies in the ability to not only reproduce formats but convert them and even record audio and video. You can convert among all the major audio file formats and convert analog audio to various formats. There are also several visualization features including Sound2Vision tag editing for MP3, OGG, and WMA files plus you can add basic sound effects including wide, reverb, and x-bass. It would have been nice to have had a few more sound effects here but it's not really big on graphic equalizer effects. You can control the speed of audio playback and also perform cross-fading between two songs which is useful if you want to use it as a party and turn yourself into your own DJ. There a re a few skins to change - there should be more - and karaoke fans are not left behind either as there is an options to used synchronized lyrics with karaoke audio files. You can even search for lyrics via "Leo's Lyric Database" although the number of songs is very limited and sometimes the lyrics aren't correct anyway.

Audio CD Ripping
Create digital audio files from Audio CD 		
	Conversion
Convert various digital audio files to supported target file formats 		
	Recording
Record from various analog sources such as microphone or Line-In input 		
	Audio CD burning
Create your own Audio CD from digital audio files 		
	Video encoding
Convert various digital video files to supported target file formats.


BUY THE PLUS VX VERSION TO GET FULL FEATURES.
FOR MORE INFORMATION GO TO WWW.JETAUDIO.COM


OS requirements for JetAudio:

    * Windows 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Me, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows 2000, Windows 98 .

CPU: Pentium or AMD with 800 MHz (1,4 GHz or more Recommned)
 Memory: 256 MB RAM (512 MB or more Recommended)
 Discspace: 40 MB Free space at your system harddisc or partition
 Soundcard/Chip - any soundsource is working with jetAudio, but for best sound we recommend an Soundcard
 Headphones or speakers
 Microphon (Optional)
 Internet(Optional)
 DirectX 8 or higher
 QuickTime 4 or higher for QT-Video.

HOW TO INSTALL:-

WHEN DOWNLOAD COMPLETE.
Doubbleclick the JAD8002_BASIC(SETUP.EXE) File, you have downloaded.
You will get the message: "This is an selfextracting Archive...." - press "Yes" to proceed.
As next, you get an security alert from Windows for an uncertified software.
Press "Execute" - then the package will extracted.After the extracting process is complete, you get the
installshield" window.
In the next step, you have to confirm the end-user-license agreement:
in the next two steps, you can select or unselect, what filetypes will be opened by default with jetAudio.
If you don´t prefer an special programm for one of these filetypes, then just go ahead with the next step.
Otherwise uncheck the filetypes, you want to open with your other media program. 
Lets go to the next. Here you can check/unchek, if you want to have shortcuts on your windows
desktop or the quick launch menu in the taskbar:
After the next confirmation step, the install process will start.
You can see the progress and after some seconds the installing is finished.
Now, you should restart your windows system as the last step:
After the system restart, jetAudio is completely finished for using.
You will find jetAudio in your start menu, and the quicklaunchbar or the desktop - just click the jetAudio icon for start jetAudio.

Now, you should open the jetAudio preferences for setting up yur system and customize your program.
Read here for helplines: http://www.media-play.eu/jetaudio/jetaudio_pref.php.


-------SANDY-------