PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 6A644E93267A3E68D92726A493102A6EE7CB87F9
File Size: 297.54 MB
Year: 1984
Label: CBS
Catalog #: ZK 39283




Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Kansas is an American rock band that became popular in the 1970s with hit singles such as "Carry On Wayward Son" and "Dust in the Wind". They have remained a classic rock radio staple and a popular touring act in North America and Europe.


Dave Hope (bass), Phil Ehart (drums, percussion), and Kerry Livgren (guitars, keyboards, synthesizers) formed a progressive rock group in 1970 in their hometown of Topeka, Kansas, along with vocalist Lynn Meredith from Manhattan, Kansas, keyboardist Don Montre, keyboardist Dan Wright, and saxophonist Larry Baker.

A year earlier, Meredith, Montre, Wright and Livgren were performing in a band called The Reasons Why. After changing the band's name to Saratoga, they started playing Livgren's original material with Scott Kessler playing bass and Zeke Lowe on drums. In 1970, they changed the band's name again to Kansas and merged with members of rival Topeka progressive rock outfit White Clover. This early Kansas group, which lasted until 1971 when Ehart and Hope and some of the others left to reform White Clover, is sometimes referred to as Kansas I.

Ehart was replaced by Zeke Lowe and later Brad Schulz, Hope was replaced by Rod Mikinski on bass, and Baker was replaced by John Bolton on saxophone and flute. (This lineup is sometimes referred to as Kansas II, and 30 years later would re-form under the name Proto-Kaw.) In 1972, after Ehart returned from England (where he'd gone to look for other musicians), he and Hope once again reformed White Clover with Robby Steinhardt (vocals, violin, viola, cello), Steve Walsh (vocals, keyboards, synthesizers, percussion) and Rich Williams (guitars). In 1973 they recruited Livgren from the second Kansas group, which then folded.[1] Eventually they received a record deal with Don Kirshner's eponymous label, and decided to adopt the Kansas name. Between 1973 and early 1974 they recorded their first album.

The debut album, Kansas, which was released in March 1974, showcased Kansas' signature mix of guitars, keyboards, vocals, and Steinhardt's violin style, which merged American-style boogie-rock with complex, symphonic arrangements and changing time signatures. Their sound bore the hallmarks of late-1960s, early 1970s progressive rock, such as Genesis and Emerson, Lake, and Palmer. Promotion by Kirshner and touring behind the debut album and its two follow ups, Song for America and Masque, increased the popularity of Kansas.

On the strength of their 1977 hit single Carry On Wayward Son the band's fourth album, Leftoverture, released in October 1976, on which Steinhardt added viola and Walsh added vibraphone, was a hit which garnered a lot of airplay on the burgeoning AOR radio format. Carry On Wayward Son was the closing song to the 1977 movie Heroes, featuring Henry Winkler and Sally Field. The follow up Point of Know Return, released in October 1977, featured the title track and Dust in the Wind, both hit singles.

Both albums had unique album covers, with Point of Know Return depicting a ship teetering over the edge of the world. Both albums have sold over 4 million copies in the U.S. alone. Both Carry On Wayward Son and Dust In The Wind were certified Gold singles, selling over one million units each.

During this period, Kansas became a major headlining act, for several years they sold out the largest venues available to rock bands at the time (e.g., New York City's Madison Square Garden). The band documented this era with its first live recording, 1978's double live album Two For The Show, recordings from various performances from the 1977 and 1978 tours supporting Point Of Know Return. The band gained a solid reputation for faithful live reproduction of complex studio albums without the aid of additional musicians or MIDI sequencing computers.

Kansas self-produced their follow-up to Point of Know Return. The 1979 album Monolith featured lyrics influenced by The Urantia Book and Native American themes. The name "Kansas" is itself a toponym derived from the Kansa tribe, whose name is believed to mean "People Of The South Wind."[2] The starkly expressive album cover depicts Plains Indians in traditional dress and space suit helmets living in a settlement under the ruins of highway overpasses. While the album produced a Top 40 single in People of the South Wind, both the band and the label were disappointed in Monolith's failure to produce the kind of sales and radio airplay of its two predecessors. Nevertheless, the album went Platinum and the Platinum record hangs in the Kansas State Historical Society. 








The Best of Kansas 1984


The Best of Kansas was the first compilation album from the American rock band Kansas. It was originally released in 1984, and featured one new track, "Perfect Lover," written and performed by then-lead vocalist John Elefante. The compilation was re-released in 1999 in a version supervised by the original band members, so "Perfect Lover" was dropped in favor of three additional tracks: from Song for America, Masque, and a track deleted from Two for the Show to make it fit on a single CD. The album has sold over 4 million copies in the US, and was certified quadruple platinum in 2001.

The versions of Carry On Wayward Son and "the Wall" on the 1984 release of The Best of Kansas are specially re-mixed versions unique to the first version of this collection. For the 1999 re-issue of the collection the original 1976 mixes from the album Leftoverture are used instead.





Cover art 


The cover is noteworthy in that it contains elements of nearly all previous Kansas album covers:



•	1974 Kansas: Abolitionist John Brown, as portrayed in the John Steuart Curry mural Tragic Prelude. It should be noted that no tracks from the 1974 Kansas album appear on either version of The Best of Kansas.
•	1975 Song for America: The bird depicted on the front cover of Song for America can be found on the back side of The Best of Kansas perched atop the track listing.
•	1975 Masque: Close inspection of John Brown's beard will reveal the outline of a fish. The "face" on the cover of Masque (Giuseppe Arcimboldo's Water) is composed of various marine life. It should be noted that no tracks from Masque appear on the 1984 release of The Best of Kansas.
•	1976 Leftoverture: Found in the inkwell and scattered pages of sheet music on the back cover.
•	1977 Point of Know Return: The ship about to tip over the 'edge of the world' is from the front cover of Point.
•	1978 Two for the Show: The spotlights, stage, curtains, and figures in the audience are all indirect references; none of these things (besides an auditorium full of seats) are actually seen on Two for the Show. Although, on the back cover, there is a mop behind the interrogation chair, which may reference to the cleaning ladies of the Two for the Show Cover.
•	1979 Monolith: On the back cover of The Best of Kansas," the moon behind a shadow of the figure depicted on Monolith are seen through the open door.
•	1980 Audio-Visions: On the back cover of Best of you see at the right side a metal hand that is holding the curtain. That is one of the two hands that are on the front cover of 'Audio-Visions'.
•	1982 Vinyl Confessions: The interrogation chair from Confessions is seen under a spotlight on the back cover.
•	1983 Drastic Measures: The black tux and red bow-tie worn by the bazooka 'player' is worn by John Brown here.






Tracks: 


1.	"Carry On Wayward Son" (Kerry Livgren) – 5:23
2.	"Point of Know Return" (Phil Ehart, Robby Steinhardt, Steve Walsh) – 3:11
3.	"Fight Fire With Fire" (Dino Elefante, John Elefante) – 3:40
4.	"Dust in the Wind" (Livgren) – 3:26
5.	"Song For America" (Livgren) – 9:08
6.	"Perfect Lover" (J. Elefante) – 4:18
7.	"Hold On" (Livgren) – 3:52
8.	"No One Together" (Livgren) – 6:57
9.	"Play the Game Tonight" (Ehart, Danny Flower, Rob Frazier, Livgren, Rich Williams) – 3:27
10.	"The Wall" (Livgren, Walsh) – 4:50





Enjoy :)
