Cal Tjader & Eddie Palmieri - Bamboléate 
Released: 1967
Label: Fania Records 
Re-Issued: 2007 
CD: Fania / Emusica - Remastered Edition
Produced by Pancho Cristal
Quality: 320 kbps

In about 1965, Cal Tjader showed up in New York where he saw Eddie Palmieri and his Conjunto La Perfecta performing at the Cheetah club.  Cal proposed to Eddie that they record together: "Give me your band, the whole shit."  A deal was struck between Morris Levy of Tico Records (Eddie's label) and Creed Taylor of MGM/Verve (Cal's) that they do an exchange of artists.  The sublime results were El Sonido Nuevo / The New Soul Sound (Verve, 1966) and Bamboleate (Tico, 1967), the second regarded by many as among Tjader's best, La Perfecta lending a harder edge to his usual work.  "The key was Bobby Rodríguez, the greatest Latin bass player we ever had," said Eddie in 1999.  "The band was at its peak. " Bobby solos on "Mi Montuno" which he co-wrote with Eddie.  Neither the original vinyl release of Bamboleate nor this reissue credit the sidemen, but in addition to Bobby it's unmistakably Ismael "Pat" Quintana's voice providing chorus vocals.  Pat calls out the name of Barry (Rogers) during his trombone solo at the beginning of the title track.  Though on re-listening to the album after so long, surprisingly to me, is that the voice of Willie Torres calling out "Kako, Kako.  A comer" at the opening of the timbales solo on the same track? Other suspects must surely include percussionist Manny Oquendo and Mark Weinstein (who wrote one track) on trombone.  A stone classic.  
Very Highly Recommended.  ~John Child

One of the fantastic 60s collaborations between Cal Tjader and Eddie Palmieri -- a great set of grooves in which Cal's vibes and Eddie's piano come together in an excellent way, stretching out on Latin jazz numbers that push the envelope from Cal's regular work, and which have a stronger jazz component than most of Eddie's own albums from the time. Titles include 'Bamboleate', 'Resemblance', 'Guajira Candela', "Mi Montuno', and 'Come An Get It'. ~ Amazon Product Reviews

Personnel:
Eddie Palmieri - Piano
Cal Tjader - Vibes
Bobby Rodríguez - Bass
Barry Rogers, Mark Weinstein - Trombones
Ismael Quintana - Vocals

Cal Tjader & Eddie Palmieri - Bamboléate Tracks:
01  Bamboléate  3:23
02  We've Loved Before 2:28
03  Resemblance 5:38
04  Mi Montuno 5:21
05  Samba Do Suenho 3:51
06  Guajira Candela 3:46
07  Pancho's Seis Por Ocho 5:36
08  Come And Get It 3:03