Sons of Anarchy S01 

Source: Sons.of.Anarchy.S01.DVDRip.XviD-REWARD

Encoded for G1, PSP, iPod, iPod Touch, iPhone, Zune

Enjoy and please help me seed, so I can release more stuff faster! (^_^)

This comes on FX. The 3rd season starts Sept 7, 2010 at 10Pm E/P.. 

I love this show so much! It is just AWESOME!!! (^_^) 

I am hooked and if you try it I am sure you will be too.

I feel that everybody should try this show!!! (^_^) It is BAD-ASS! 

BTW Ron Perlman and Katey Sagal are in this show.

Show Nfo - From the producer of The Shield comes Sons of Anarchy, a drama that follows the lives of members a community watched over by a motorcycle club who strive to protect the town from newcomers and all that may be a threat to it. However, loyalty to the club is tested when lawlessness begins to run rampant.

Also - A man in his early 30s struggles to find a balance in his life between being a new dad and his involvement in a motorcycle gang. 

Sons of Anarchy, aka SAMCRO, is a motorcycle gang that operates both illegal and legal businesses in the small town of Charming. They combine gun-running and a garage, plus involvement in porn film. Clay, the president, likes it old school and violent; while Jax, his stepson and the club's VP, has thoughts about changing the way things are, based on his dead father's journal. Their conflict has effects on both the club and their personal relationships.


Video Specs: 

Video #0          : AVC at 400 Kbps
Aspect            : 480 x 256 (1.770) at 23.976 fps

Audio #0          : AAC at 128 Kbps
Infos             : 2 channels, 48.0 KHz



I will encode season 2 in about a week, maybe less. That way I give people time to watch S01 and then be ready for S02.

Season 3 starts Sept. 7, I will encode season 3, as each episode is released, I will do them.



Please seed when finished downloading and leave a comment, request, etc. And above all ENJOY!

If anyone would like any tv show, movie, music video, or yes, even XXX, for PSP or any other handheld device for that matter. I would be more than happy to do it for you. Just leave a comment or send an email to movi3sdir3ct@hotbox.ru 
		