Clean Scene Releases    http://bitxtre.me/


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   nfo



	
nERv

Football Manager 2011 (c) SEGA

10/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Solidshield 2
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Sports

Contract Negotiations - making its debut in Football Manager 2011 is a new
live contract negotiation system, with a host of new contract clauses. Learn
to deal with different types of agents as you try to secure your next big
signing.Re-vamped training system - including more basic training schedules
and individual training focus where players can be in trained in 14 different
skill areas. Plus, a new match preparation area, where you can get your team
to concentrate on special focus areas, and train in specific tactics, in the
lead up to a match.Improved Interaction - new board request and backroom
advice options as well as a new player interaction module allowing you to
have private conversations with your players, including lots of options never
seen before, taking interaction to a whole new level.News subscription
service - expanded to make the way that news and mail is distributed even
more user friendly and immersive. Dozens of additional news items and a new
module written to add more intelligence in the news items themselves.Match
View - play under the glare of the floodlights for the first time with night
matches and over 100 new animations including player models, stadiums, goal
celebrations and much, much more. Not forgetting improvements to what was
already the best match simulation on the market.Dynamic League Reputation - a
new feature meaning as teams get stronger and perform better on a continental
level, the league they play in will also get stronger, attracting more
players to want to play in the league and a more accurate modelling of the
changing face of world football.

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game.
4. Play the game
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT
