Wise Disk Cleaner Pro is a user friendly, fast and easy to use application developed to free up disk space by deleting junk files that are no longer used by any software on your system.

Even the least experienced user can easily remove junk files with this tool.Your hard disk is littered with junk files you don't need, taking up precious hard disk space, and potentially slowing down your PC's performance.

There are files of all kinds, such as temporary files that applications should delete when they're no longer needed, and various log files, index files and backup files. You'd be amazed at how much space these junk files take up.

Wise Disk Cleaner can identify more than 50 types of junk files, and you can customize the list. The program only deletes the files that you tell it to. You can choose to have the files permanently deleted, or else first moved to the Recycle Bin. And you can have the program do the cleanup automatically, or you can do it manually. You'll be amazed at how much hard disk space this program can gain for you, so automatically got back plenty of hard disk space. (For example: On my laptop, it found 872 MB of junk) The Professional Edition provides many advanced options. It lets you identify more junk files and old files. And for your safety, you can move these files to a designated folder, allowing you to restore them if needed.

Features:

New features of Wise Disk Cleaner 4 Pro:

1. Export entries to MS Excel.
2. New delete option - "Move to location".
Remove to recycle bin is very slow. And if you empty the recycle bin, you will not be able to restore those files that
you have deleted with Wise Disk Cleaner. When you use this new option, you can move all files to a designated
folder, and if you want to restore those files, you will find that it is very easy, because Wise Disk Cleaner 3 Pro
remembers the original location of each file. In addition, the program compresses these files, to save space.
3. Advanced Options.
Through these options, you can search files more accurately, for example, you can search old files and remove
them.
4. Comminuted delete files.
5. Disk Scrubber.
74% of discarded PC hard drives contain private data that can be easily read and recovered... even if the drive has been reformatted. Disk Scrubber of Wise Disk Cleaner will help you permanently to wipe deleted files for keep your private.
6. Deleted files Recovery tool: Effectively recover deleted files. Easy to use and fast. (Current only support NTFS drives and require Windows 2000 or above.)

Windows 98/Me/NT/2000/XP/XP-x64/2003/Vista/Vista-x64/2008 Server/Windows7/Windows7-x64 (Pentium 233 MHz or above. 32 MB RAM or above,5 MB hard drive space or more)

Click on image for full size view.



Unpack with any archiver
Install setup.exe
Run the application
Use keygen provided
