Weeds Complete Series!

Weeds is an American comedy-drama television series created by Jenji Kohan, produced by Lionsgate Television for the Showtime network.

The show revolves around a newly widowed housewife (Mary-Louise Parker) from an affluent California suburb who becomes her neighborhood's marijuana dealer to make ends meet. The title is a play on words, referring to both the slang term for marijuana and the widow's weeds. It also plays on the tendency of American suburbs to grow quickly and pervasively, with the dwellings and their residents being almost as indistinguishable as weeds.

Weeds currently comprises five seasons that began airing in August 2005. It was the highest rated series for Showtime in its first year; its fourth-season premiere attracted 1.3 million viewers to Showtime, the channel's highest-ever viewership; the season as a whole averaged 962,000 viewers.[citation needed] Showtime renewed the show on July 18, 2008 for two more seasons of thirteen episodes each.[1] Season 5 premiered to 1.2 million viewers, with a rerun on the same night adding another 500,000 viewers for a cumulative 1.7 million.

Mary-Louise Parker won a Golden Globe for her performance on the show, and Jenji Kohan won a WGA award for her screenplay for the pilot episode. The show was nominated for a notable 19 Emmy Awards and 10 Golden Globes.

A version of this Wikipedia page served as the opening for episode 57 (season 5 episode 7) "Where the Sidewalk Ends".

The final episode of the show's fifth season aired on August 31, 2009 and attracted 1.3 million viewers, up from last year's numbers which averaged 1 million.[2]

The sixth season will premiere on August 16, 2010.[3]

The show initially pokes fun at the bland monotony and superficiality of suburbia, although by season four it shifts focus. This is mirrored in the show's initial theme song "Little Boxes" and opening credits. Each week of the second and third season a different artist sings his or her version of the theme song.
