1. Cadillac Baby (R. Brown)
2. All She Wants To Do Is Rock (W. Harris / T. McRae)
3. The Voice Within (P. Mayfield)
4. Hot Dog (J. Leiber / M. Stoller)
5. You Gonna Win (M. Sanchez)
6. Strollin’ With Bones (V. I. Walker / E. Davis)
7. Let This Lovin’ Begin (M. Sanchez)
8. Women And Cadillacs (J. Starkes)
9. You Got Money (C. G. Brown)
10. If Loving Is Believing (B. Emerson)
11. Gambling Woman Blues (R. Darnell)
12. Poor Boy (M. Sanchez)
13. Easy Boogie (M. Sanchez)
14. Drunk (J. Liggins)
15. King Kong (C. Tyler)
16. I Need A Woman (M. Sanchez)



Always guaranteed to deliver quality product, Mike Sanchez’s latest project finds him teaming up with Swedish outfit Knock-Out Greg & Blue
Weather for rockin’ ‘n’ rollin’, rhythm ‘n’ bluesin’ tour de force. Just one look at the deluxe fold-out cover and you know this is the business -and
that’s even before you split it in your machine. When you do -whoa! Roy Brown’s “Cadillac Baby” shuffles out at you and sets the scene for
what the press release aptly describes as “a potent cocktail of vintage-style West Coast rhythm and blues, New Orleans rock’n’roll, Texas
blues and Mike Sanchez boogie woogie”. In Knock-Out Greg & Blue Weather, Mike has found the perfect foil for his oh-so-authentic brand of
rockin’ music, the result of this marriage made in heaven being one superb album that’s bound to please his growing legion of fans. His ability
to breath new life into the songs of Wyonie Harris, Percy Mayfield, Billy Emerson, Larry Darnell, Jimmy Liggins et al never ceases to amaze,
and in most cases he has the uncanny knack of being able to sound just like his heroes -but at the same time you’re always aware you’re
listening to Mike Sanchez. There’s no point in trying to select standout tracks because just about every track is a highlight. But as an example
of what you can expect, try the following on for size: Leiber & Stoller’s “Hot Dog” (done Jessie style, not Elvis), the so smooth “The Voice
Within”, a cracking take on Wynonie Harris’ “All She Wants To Do Is Rock”, a terrific romp through The Nite Riders’ “Women And Cadillacs”
and Big T Tyler’s tailor-made-for-Sanchez “King Kong”. The whole band -guitar, bass, drums, trumpet and two saxes -cook up a storm on the
T-Bone Walker instrumental “Strollin’ With Bones”. And that’s only the covers. Sanchez contributes a selection of original songs that include the
rockin’ blues numbers “You gonna win” and “Poor boy” together with the delicious “Easy Boogie” -all of which sit easily alongside the vintage
toons. And just when you think it’s all over there’s a bonus selection of “hidden extras” -20 minutes worth of “too-good-to-waste left-overs”.
These include Lloyd Price’s “Just because”, two goes at Richard Berry’s “Yama Yama Pretty Mama”, another version of “King Kong” and other
goodies that are easily too good to be “buried” in this fashion. Yup, this is one cracking little album -just the sort of thing you’d expect from the
most charismatic performer on the scene today.
