Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 50 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can't continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)



Saxophonist Jane Bunnett’s own Cuban odyssey began in 1982, when she and her husband trumpeter Larry Cramer first visited the island. Enchanted by the music and the people who made it, Jane and Larry have made countless return trips over the ensuing two decades, forming friendships with Cuban musicians, learning from them, performing and recording with them. Their trip to Cuba in early 2000 was special. This time a crew accompanied Jane and Larry from the National Film Board of Canada, and the result of its efforts was this acclaimed documentary. Hailed as one of the finest artists working in modern jazz, soprano sax player and flutist Jane Bunnett, has earned a reputation as a brave musical explorer. Shot on location in Cuba, Spirits of Havana follows Bunnett as she and Cramer travel across the island; realizing a long-standing dream of showcasing the diversity of Cuba’s rich musical legacy.Directed by Bay Weyman and Luis O. Garcìa and produced by Peter Starr, Spirits of Havana surrounds audiences in the historic charm of Old Havana, as Bunnett and Cramer reconnect with old friends and some of the city’s finest musicians – such as singer Bobby Carcasses and Amado Dedeu – for a high-powered recording session. Other highlights include performances with Los Muñequitos do Matanzas, one of the country’s oldest and most celebrated afro-Cuban rumba groups and Desandann, a unique choir that sings in Haitian Creole.

Includes two extras.

Extra 1 - 'Home Video Outtakes: A Little Slice of Cuban Life & Music' also 'Guillermo Baretto: Cuban percussion legend recalls Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie'

Extra 2 - 'Alma de Santiago & Chamalongo'




More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/

