This is a dvd iso of a Fan Edit by l8twrtr of The Phantom Menace, Episode 1 of the Stars Wars saga.
 
http://fanedit.org/10052/

It is a massive improvement on the original. If you hate Jar-Jar, Anakin's cringeworthy dialogue, the useless trip through the planet core etc. this is the one for you.

It was downloaded fromtaking time and effort and seeded by me taking even more time and effort. Please seed and share. 


l8twrtr's intro:

Original film name	STAR WARS: EPISODE I – THE PHANTOM MENACE
Film studio name	Lucasfilm
Film release date	1999
Original runtime	136 minutes
Fanedit release date	July 2010
New runtime	        96 minutes
Time cut/added		41 min cut / 1 min added

INTENTION:
As is the case for many fans of Star Wars, the Phantom Edit went a long way toward rescuing the original Phantom Menace for me, and for quite some time it was my new ‘definitive’ version of the film, yet I could never escape the fact that I felt that Phantom Editor Mike Nichols did not go nearly far enough or cut deep enough from the original. Once I made the decision to start making fanedits of my own it wasn’t long before I came to the conclusion that my first effort needed to be Episode I. Like every faneditor of this film it is my goal to create the most watchable, most enjoyable, and most ‘Star Wars’ like version of Episode I as possible.

EDITING DETAILS & CUTLIST:

With the edit I set out to accomplish three goals:
- Drastically improve the many flawed characters as much as possible.
- Drastically improve the overall tone and pacing of the film
- Restructure the narrative so that Anakin Skywalker is the true hero of the film.

This edit also benefits from the wonderful color work of Adywan who was so kind as to give his blessing for me to use his color corrected The Phantom Menace Theatrical Edition. Almost all footage of this edit uses Ady’s color corrected footage, while the Deleted Scenes and a few short sequences that do not appear in the theatrical cut were taken from a standard DVD release and color corrected by myself, or with the assistance of Hebrides.
