Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"How Far Do You Wanna Go?" is the title of a song recorded by American country group Gloriana, written by Danny Myrick, Jeffrey Steele and Matt Serletic. In September 2009, the song was released as the second single from the band's self-titled debut album, as well as its second chart single overall.

"How Far Do You Wanna Go?" was written by Nashville songwriter Jeffrey Steele, former Western Flyer member Danny Myrick and songwriter/record producer Matt Serletic, who produced Gloriana's album. It is an up-tempo featuring band member Tom Gossin on lead vocals. In it, the male narrator states that he wishes to leave town with his lover, and asks if she is willing to do the same.

A music video directed by Kristin Barlowe was released in October 2009.

Chris Neal of Country Weekly gave the song three-and-a-half stars out of five, criticizing the song's production but saying that it was a more energetic performance than the band's debut single "Wild at Heart" and that the spoken-word bridge was "inspired." Jessica Phillips of Country Standard Time said that it had "has an infectious groove that Christian group Hillsong or rocker Rick Springfield would commend."

Gloriana is the self-titled debut album of the American country music group Gloriana. It was released on August 4, 2009 via Emblem Music Group, with Warner Bros. Records serving as distributor. The album debuted at position number 3 on US Billboard 200, and number 2 on Billboard Country Albums. The lead-off single, "Wild at Heart" , is a Top 20 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. "How Far Do You Wanna Go?" was released on September 28, 2009 as the second single.

Gloriana is an American country music group founded in 2008. It is composed of brothers Tom Gossin and Mike Gossin (vocals, guitar), as well as Rachel Reinert (vocals, tambourine) and Cheyenne Kimball (vocals, mandolin). Before the band's foundation, Kimball was the 2002 winner of the competition America's Most Talented Kid and a solo artist on Epic Records. Gloriana released its debut single "Wild at Heart" in February 2009, which has become a Top 15 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The group's self titled debut album, Gloriana, was released on August 4th, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

