Early Reflections
Cryptogramophone - 2008 
http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=29169

By John Kelman

After establishing his reputation in the 1960s and 1970s with artists including
Miles Davis, Andrew Hill and Herbie Hancock, Bennie Maupin mysteriously
disappeared for over a decade. Re-emerging in the 1990s, it's still only been
recently—with the release of the overdue reissue of his 1974 ECM classic, The
Jewel in the Lotus in 2007, and his first album as a leader in eight years, the
sublime Penumbra (Cryptogramophone, 2006)—that the woodwind
multi-instrumentalist has returned to greater visibility. Early Reflections's
instrumentation may be a more conventional setting than Penumbra's
woodwinds/bass/drums/percussion line-up, but it's just as fine, its generally
subdued tone broken by occasional bursts of fiery intensity.

Like Polish trumpeter Tomasz Stanko—who nurtured a young Polish piano trio that
has supported him since Soul of Things (ECM, 2000) but has also built its own
independent reputation with Trio (ECM, 2005)—Maupin has "discovered" an equally
fine trio of Polish musicians in pianist Michael Tokaj, bassist Michal Baranski
and drummer Kukasz Zyta.

Like Stanko's find, Maupin's group demonstrates elegant simplicity on the
balladic "Inner Sky" and delicately propulsive "Atma." The latter is one of two
to feature Hania Chowaniec-Rybka—a singer who, despite this being her first
improvisational album away from classical and Tatras folk roots, melds
beautifully with Maupin's soprano sax, and with his alto flute on the dark-hued
closer, "Spirits of the Tatras." Her improvisational prowess during the extended
free opening to "Spirits of the Tatras" transcends conventional scatting with
the same kind of timbral explorations as innovators including Meredith Monk and
Sidsel Endresen. But while its intro is more vibrant in tone, it ultimately
morphs into a brooding ballad feature for the impressionistic Tokaj.

Solo space abounds on the softly Latin-esque "Escondido," a feature for Maupin's
signature bass clarinet; the hauntingly beautiful "Tears," with Maupin again on
alto flute; the in-and-out-of-time ballad "Inner Sky"; and a more rhythmically
defined waltz-time retake of The Jewel in the Lotus' title track that, beginning
in simmering subtlety, turns into a burning modal workout for Tokaj and Maupin's
most powerful solos of the set.

Breaking up the extended tracks are four miniature collective improvisations
that bear a surprising sense of construction. The opening "In Reach," in
particular, demonstrates the kind of deep interaction normally only heard from
groups with considerably more than the two years this group has under its belt.

Recent years have seen a resurgence of interest in artists who first made their
name in decades past. It's only been in the past decade that Tomasz Stanko and
Enrico Rava have achieved the international visibility they've always deserved,
and Maupin can now be added to that list, thanks to Cryptogramophone. Penumbra
and the equally outstanding Early Reflections book-end The Jewel in the Lotus—a
promise Maupin never managed to follow up—demonstrating two very different sides
and making it clear that he's truly back and better than ever.

Track listing:
01 - Within Reach
02 - Escondido
03 - Inside the Shadows
04 - ATMA
05 - Ours Again
06 - The Jewel in the Lotus
07 - Black Ice
08 - Tears
09 - Not Later Than Now
10 - Early Reflections
11 - Inner Sky
12 - Prophet's Motifs
13 - Spirits of the Tatras.

Personnel:
* Bennie Maupin: bass clarinet, tenor and soprano saxophones, alto flute
* Michal Tokaj: piano
* Michal Baranski: bass
* Lukasz Zyta: drums, percussion
* Hania Chowaniec-Rybka: voice (4, 13).

Published: April 18, 2008
Style: Modern Jazz