John Kador - 201 Best Questions to Ask On Your Interview

Jeffrey G. Allen - The Resume Makeover

Todd Bermont - 10 Insider Secrets To Job Hunting Success

Joe Turner - Job Search Secrets Unlocked



Here's four books to help you get back to work and pay taxes! 

 

"In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes." ~ Benjamin Franklin

"The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets." ~ Will Rogers

"You don't pay taxes - they take taxes." ~ Chris Rock 


File Scan:
Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware 1.45
www.malwarebytes.org

Database version: 4024

Windows 5.1.2600 Service Pack 3
Internet Explorer 8.0.6001.18702

4/25/2010 12:48:22 AM
mbam-log-2010-04-25 (00-48-22).txt

Scan type: Quick scan
Objects scanned: 0
Time elapsed: 7 second(s)

Memory Processes Infected: 0
Memory Modules Infected: 0
Registry Keys Infected: 0
Registry Values Infected: 0
Registry Data Items Infected: 0
Folders Infected: 0
Files Infected: 0

Memory Processes Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Memory Modules Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Keys Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Values Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Data Items Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Folders Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Files Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

When using TPB please read these important notes:
  
01- Anti-malware apps may warn about keygens, patches, cracks, etc., because of 
    their capabilities, (generating codes, etc.). Sometimes they're added to 
    the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If you don't trust
    the keygens, patches, cracks, etc., don't use them. 
    
02- Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks, etc., always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some third party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it and uploaded it again.

03- Letting anti-malware apps send scan results to their companies can cause
    keygens, patches, cracks, etc., to be added to their virus-database.

04- Firewalls which are set to automatically determine connections will allow 
    apps & malware!. Avoid this by manually configuring your firewall.

05- Usually (new) torrents with many downloads and seeders in a brief period
    suspicious! Torrents with the Skull & Crossbones icon are trusted.

06- Some people use multiple accounts and post fake comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. They seldom seriously
    comment or have any torrents, or a just a few to look passable.

07- Clicking on unknown links can cause malware to be installed on your machine.
  
08- In general often there are more fake and negative comments than reliable and
    positive comments.

09- In some countries uploading/downloading copyright protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable up-loaders is not.

10- Posting fake and negative comments or fake/infected uploads on TPB can result
    in getting banned from TPB!
 

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:  
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For more of my torrents: 
https://thepiratebay.org/user/big_dad_e/  (Secured)

All torrents scanned with:
Norton Anti-virus
Malwarebytes' Anti-malware

ALWAYS SEED!
