Why Should I use Windows 7 Manager?
Windows 7  is the newest Operating System for home users and professionals alike. Windows 7 brings clarity to your world, so you can more safely and easily accomplish everyday tasks and instantly find what you want on your PC.

Windows 7 Manager is the powerful software tool to tweak and optimize your Windows 7, it bundles more than 30 different utilities in one and help your system faster and more stable, secure and personal!


Features and Benefits of Windows 7 Manager
Information
Get detailed system and all hardware information on your system; help you find out the installation key of Windows, Office products; show all detailed information of running processes and threads on your machine;

Windows 7 Manager offers  1-clicking cleans your system automatically.

Optimizer
Tweak your system to improve windows startup and shutdown speed; tweak your hardware to increase system speed and performance; Optimize Task Schedule to turn off unnecessary system tasks.

Cleaner
Find out which files or folders engross your disk space and shown with chart; Find and clean junk files to increase Hard Disk space; Duplicate Files Finder can scan your computer for files with the same size, name and modification time; Registry Cleaner can easily checks your registry and repair incorrectly linked registry entries, automatically remove invalid entries; Registry Defrag rebuilds and re-indexs your registry to reduce application response time and registry access time.

Customization
Control what is started on Windows startup;  tune up Windows 7 boot menu; edit context menus of mouse Right-Clicking; customize system desktop, menus, toolbar and notifications settings; automatically change your desktop wallpaper on background.

Security
You can improve desktop, menus, Windows logon securities, and enable numerous hidden performance options of system, disable system updates and error reports; hide and restrict to access drives, specify which applications are not allowed to be executed on your computer; encrypt/decrypt and shred files, change the location of system folders; Privacy Protector can maintain your personal privacy by eliminating the tracks that you leave behind; create lots of randomization password once.

Network
Optimize your Internet connection speed, manage all shares items; tweak your Internet Explorer easily.

Misc. Utilities
Show the collection of Windows utilities; split and merge any file.


What's New in This Release:
1/1/2010:
Windows 7 Manager 1.1.7 Released!
Add IP Switcher v1.0
Registry Cleaner updated to v1.4
Context Menu Manager updated to v1.2
Windows Utilities updated to v2.0
Add some tweaks.

12/8/2009:
Windows 7 Manager 1.1.6 Released!
Add Jump List Quick Launcher
Add some tweaks
Registry Defrag updated to v2.0
Registry Cleaner updated to v1.2
Repair Center updated to v1.4
Visual Adjuster updated to v2.1

11/17/2009:
Windows 7 Manager 1.1.5 Released!
Junk File Cleaner updated to v1.4, fix the bug for multi-OS.
Privacy Protector updated to v1.5
System Information updated to v1.2
Logon Background Changer updated to v2.0
Visual Customizer updated to v2.0

10/22/2009:
Windows 7 Manager 1.1.4 Released!
Add Visual Customizer
Add Compatibility Manager
Add some tweaks
Optimization Wizard updated to v1.5

9/24/2009:
Windows 7 Manager 1.1.3 Released!
Repair Center updated to v1.2
Privacy Protector updated to v1.4
Add the function to restore system, fix a tweak bug
Registry Defrag updated to v1.2
Optimization Wizard updated to v1.4.

8/23/2009:
Windows 7 Manager 1.1.2 Released!
Add the functions that change file type icon and open target for Explorer on Taskbar
Add some tweaks
Optimization Wizard updated to v1.2

8/03/2009:
- Context Menu Manager updated to v1.1

Homepage - http://www.yamicsoft.com/windows7manager/index.html


Install Instructions:
Step 1. Install the program.
Step 2. Start Program and Use Serial from ReadMe.txt or Keygen to Register In Popup Window.
Step 3. Enjoy fully functioning Updated Program !