 http://bayimg.com/NAoEkaACj

Lulu on the Bridge (1998)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0125879/

DUAL AUDIO
TRACK 1 RUSSIAN
TRACK 2 ENGLISH

Lulu on the Bridge is a 1998 romantic mystery drama film directed by author Paul Auster. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.


 Harvey Keitel ...  Izzy Maurer 
 Richard Edson ...  Dave Reilly 
 Don Byron ...  Tyrone Lord 
 Kevin Corrigan ...  Man With Gun 
 Mira Sorvino ...  Celia Burns 
 Victor Argo ...  Pierre 
 Peggy Gormley ...  Dr. Fisher 
 Harold Perrineau ...  Bobby Perez 
 Gina Gershon ...  Hannah 
 Sophie Auster ...  Sonia Kleinman 
 Vanessa Redgrave ...  Catherine Moore 
 Mandy Patinkin ...  Philip Kleinman 
 Greg Johnson ...  Stanley Mar 
 David Byrne ...  'Laughing Man' Escort 
 Lou Reed ...  Not Lou Reed 
 Willem Dafoe ...  Dr. Van Horn 

Unable to play after being accidentally shot, renowned jazz saxophonist Izzy Mauer's (Harvey Keitel) life takes unpredictable turns after he finds a mysterious blue stone and makes a chance connection with aspiring actress Celia Burns (Mira Sorvino). Love blossoms when Izzy and Celia discover an aura emitted by the stone which induces a state of romantic euphoria but trouble lies ahead in the shape of anthropologist Dr Van Horn (Willem Dafoe) who wants the stone at any cost. Also complicating matters are the attentions of Izzy's ex-wife Hannah (Gina Gershon) and film director Catherine Moore (Vanessa Redgrave) who is planning a remake of G.W. Pabst's 'Lulu' in Dublin. 

An unconventional story about a man, his life, and what might be (or not), Lulu on the Bridge is the sort of movie to slip into your player when your mind is looking for a quiet romantic puzzle to solve.

This is writer/director Paul Auster’s third film with Harvey Keitel. He wrote Smoke and Blue In The Face, and directed the latter. Auster, who has moved from life as a novelist to that of a movie director, brings to this film his talent for introspective, intelligent storytelling. If you can surrender yourself to the internal logic of the film, the performances and the story’s narrative will sweep you into a world where not all of the regular rules apply— one in which a few new rules have been added. 

Keitel is once again very strong in the role of a deeply bitter man -- one who has been hateful and selfish for his entire life, only to have karma catch up and pummel him with catastrophe. Sorvino plays his foil -- optimistic, full of hope and unspent talent. 

The story is a curious sort, where you think you know where the movie is going, but you can't exactly be sure. It seems to have a both a sense of purpose and an aimless, drifting quality, apparently an intentionally paradoxical touch by the writer/director. This will not be a film that appeals to a wide range of audiences, given the occasional pretentious touches to the story and its insistence on leaving gaps of territory unexplained.

