File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:16

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 12486 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.21 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps



Shakira - Waka Waka (This Time For Africa) (Live-2010 FIFA World Cup Concert)(Xvid-2nafish) 1080p


This video has no extra logos or titles.


"Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)", in English, and "Waka Waka (Esto es África)" in Spanish, is a song by Shakira featuring Freshlyground. The song will be performed by Shakira and South African group Freshlyground, at the Closing Ceremony before the World Cup Final on July 11 in Johannesburg Soccer City Stadium. The song is officially available for download through digital retailers the week of May 11. It also will be included on Listen Up! The Official 2010 FIFA World Cup Album to be released the week of May 31 by Sony Music Entertainment. The Spanish version is as well available in selected markets.

The song was officially chosen as the anthem of FIFA World Cup 2010. About this Shakira said "I am honored that 'Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)' was chosen to be part of the excitement and the legacy of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. The FIFA World Cup is a miracle of global excitement, connecting every country, race, religion and condition around a single passion. It represents an event that has the power to unite and integrate, and that’s what this song is about." Shakira continued, "African music is so inspiring and is poised to take its place on the global pop culture stage. I was proud to be able to work with one of South Africa’s most acclaimed groups, Freshlyground. Through “20 Centers for 2010” and 1GOAL, FIFA and its partners have committed to creating a lasting legacy of education for all – an issue that has been close to my heart for many years,"

About the collaboration, Zolani Mahola of Freshlyground said that "We are thrilled to have collaborated with Shakira on 'Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)', especially as we feel that the song captures the spirit and energy of the African World Cup. We are certain the song will inspire people around the world to celebrate the gathering of nations at the place where it all started. Here in Africa!"

"Waka Waka" was written by Shakira and John Hill and co-produced by John Hill.  The track, based on the chorus of the 1986 Cameroonian  hit song Zangaléwa, features Afro-Colombian instrumentation and Southern African guitar beats. The song was also based on Waka Waka by the Surinam-Dutch group Trafassi. The song is consisting of rhythmical African sounds, the song represents the vitality and energy of the host continent. South African guitars back up the Afro-Colombian rhythm and Soca beat.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/