Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"I Just Wanna Live" is the second single from Good Charlotte's third studio album, The Chronicles of Life and Death. It was one of the songs that Sony paid radio stations to play in the 2005 payola scandal. 

The Chronicles of Life and Death is the third studio album by Good Charlotte. The album was released on October 5, 2004. The album was released with two different versions: a "Life" version and a "Death" version which both came with different cover art (designed by guitarist Billy Martin) and a special bonus track. There is also an import Japanese version that also has a different cover art as well as the special bonus tracks from both the "Life" and "Death" Versions, including the hidden track "Wounded" in the end of the album.

The Chronicles of Life and Death is the only Good Charlotte album to feature Chris Wilson on drums.

Good Charlotte is an American band from Waldorf, Maryland that formed in 1996. They took their name from the children's book called "Good Charlotte: The Girls of Good Day Orphanage," written by Carol Beach York.

Good Charlotte's third album, The Chronicles of Life and Death, was released by Blake face in 2004. The album received mixed reactions from both the music press and Good Charlotte's fan base. The album has been widely considered a departure from their previous two albums, mixing new elements such as lyrical topics into Good Charlotte's youthful sound. Singles released from the album include the two hits "Predictable" and "I Just Wanna Live", as well as "The Chronicles of Life and Death" and "We Believe". The only single from The Chronicles of Life and Death which managed to chart upon the U.S. Hot 100 was the hit "I Just Wanna Live". All of the singles released from the album went top 30 in the UK, except for "We Believe".

In May 2005, after much speculation from fans, it was officially confirmed that Chris Wilson had left the band citing personal health reasons. Benji also told Kerrang! magazine that, for him, "Chris leaving the band was the worst part of 2005". Chris then joined a pop/rock band The Summer Obsession but because of its split in 2007, he currently[when?] plays drums in Allegiance To The Fire.

On Good Charlotte's "Noise to the World Tour", performing with Simple Plan and Relient K, the band recruited Dean Butterworth (who had previously played for Morrissey) as the band's temporary drummer. Later, in March 2007, Butterworth was confirmed as the band's permanent drummer.

Benji Madden has claimed in interviews that he feels this record was not as successful as the previous record due to it being "too selfish."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

