Delta Lea Goodrem (born 9 November 1984) is an Australian singer-songwriter, pianist, and actress. Signed to Sony at the age of 15, Goodrem rose to prominence in 2002, starring in the popular Australian soap Neighbours as Nina Tucker, and this assisted her establishing an international music career. Goodrem has achieved eight #1 singles in her home country including all three of her studio albums reaching #1. She currently holds the record for the highest selling album of the last decade and the most #1 singles from any debut album, with all five of her singles from her debut album Innocent Eyes reaching #1 on the ARIA charts. Her repertoire falls under the pop and adult contemporary styles, and heavily features the piano, which she usually plays barefoot while performing live.Her music is influenced by vast array of styles including Classical, Adult Contemporary music, Pop and Soft Rock. She is currently the face of Sunsilk and So Good in Australia. Her debut album, 2003's Innocent Eyes, gave her the highest selling Australian album of the last decade, in the process making her one of Australia's highest selling female recording artists of all time. Goodrem is currently in the process of recording her 4th studio album due for release in 2011.


Delta is the third studio album by Australian singer Delta Goodrem. It was released in Australia on October 20, 2007 through Epic Records. Goodrem began work on the album in 2006 and collaborated with several writers including Vince Pizzinga, Tommy Lee James, Jörgen Elofsson, Richard Marx, Stuart Crichton and Brian McFadden. The album debuted at #1 in Australia, making it her third consecutive chart-topping album there. The album will also be released in the United States making it Goodrem's first album to be released there. Goodrem toured in early 2009 to support the album in a small-scale national collection of dates.

Contrary to popular belief, Delta still uses her full name (Delta Goodrem) for this album's release, evidence of this is on the album's side.