POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at

POtHS - Origins - 01 - Creation Seminar - Kent Hovind


Our Government of The People, by The People and for The People did not like Ken claiming Tax Exemption for teaching Creation instead of Evolution. He is presently in Prison for Tax Evasion. Satan does not like loosing money or the Truth being told through The Creation of Man by our God Yahweh.

Origins - 03 - Shows how our kids are taught in College. These professors are the most closed minded people I have ever seen. They allow NO FREEDOM in the Universities for FREE THOUGHT other than their Religion of Science that absolutely zero, zip, notta single bit of Scientific Proof to their claims that my ancestors were single cells brewing in a Primeval stew of mud, rock, seawater and then it suddenly came alive. A single cell is more complicated than an aircraft carrier and it can duplicate itself with no external information needed. Can an Aircraft Carrier do that???

Origins - 03 - Beginnings - By Eric Hovind is an updated version of the Creation Seminar by his Father.

Open your eyes, unDarwin yourself!!!

Many thanks to all the Film Makers that brought these facts to life.

I am using a new Dedicated SEED BOX that uploads at high rates of speed. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address pm016.xirvik.com. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download bandwidth. This server has 400 times more bandwidth than my Comcast connection.


[size=14]The World Governments that are run by The Banksters, that are empowered by Lucifer, are The True Terrorists, only The Final Showdown between Lucifer and Jesus will save Mankind. We know who wins the Battle, The Creator of The Universe, of course!!!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
 
http://www.projectcamelot.org 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father.  

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   