FTVGirls - Lidia



all 13 screens (+ covers): 
http://www.cmylink.com/FTVGirlsLidia





This hot looking secretary with a short skirt flirts with us as she walks by her office... then gets frisky and flashes her breasts! She's got a nice, full, natural cleavage and we want to see some more! Pulling her skirt up, right there in a busy public place, we get good views of her firm butt and panties. She takes it a step further, and starts fingering herself on the office bench! Mind you, there are a lot of people here... She loves the experience and attention! Back home, she uses a vibrator, penetrates herself, to a nice, natural orgasm. We get to see some extreme closeups of her private parts, in super extreme detail. Stripping down naked, we see her sexy, firm & fit body get shown off. She then does a lingerie show, which doesn't last long because she starts masturbating again! Intense sexuality shows as she has a leg-shaking orgasm. Out at an open restaurant, she's playing with herself under the table, and flashing her breasts once again. Then at the parking lot, she continues to tease us until a security guard catches her in the act! In the car, with the door wide open, she pulls out a red toy and masturbates again, a little nervous this time but makes it to orgasm a third time! She has a tight little vagina, and shows off how she can manipulate the toy with her muscles. Later that night, in sexy black stockings by the fireplace, she stimulates herself again... Then using the intense Vibraking toy, she has one of the strongest orgasms of her life. See for yourself, those were some intense contractions! To finish, she does a sexy breast and butt massage while checking herself out in the mirror. Its truly a masturbation day... 


Age:    26
Height: 5' 1"
Figure: 34C-23-34 Natural!


4 Photo Sets, 13 Videos in 2 Sets

These are the 3,000 kb/sexx HiRes WMV videos.




3,200+ torrents: 
(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens






