Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Eat the Rich" is a song performed by American  hard rock band Aerosmith. It was written by Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, and Jim Vallance. It was released as the second single from the band's 1993  album Get a Grip. The song had success on rock radio, peaking at number five on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. In the UK, where the song was the second single released from the album, it peaked at number 34, and in Canada, it peaked at number 45. The band's next four singles and correlating videos were able to garner more mainstream success for the album.

The music video features footage of the band recording parts of the song in the studio, as well as odd-ball occurrences such as eyeballs, bones, and other things which may suggest the cannibalistic undertones of the song.

The song features a heavy drum beat by Joey Kramer and clear, well-defined guitar parts by Joe Perry and Brad Whitford, as well as a strong bass groove by Tom Hamilton, and emotional lyrics delivered by Steven Tyler. On Get a Grip, the song is preceded by a 23-second track called "Intro" which features heavy bass, rapid drumming, and rapid-fire lyrics by Steven Tyler and a little sample of Aerosmith's classic "Walk This Way" riff right at the end, before "Eat the Rich" starts.

The song quickly became a fan favorite, despite not having much mainstream success, and drew a rousing reaction from crowds when it was used as the band's opening song on the Get a Grip Tour. The band has played the song several times on their recent tour, the Route of All Evil Tour, despite being generally limited to a 13-song setlist.

The song was featured on the band's 1994 Geffen Records-era greatest hits album Big Ones as well as the first song on the live double-album A Little South of Sanity.

Get a Grip is the eleventh studio album by US rock  band Aerosmith, released in 1993. It was the band's last studio album released by Geffen Records.

Get a Grip contains five hit singles, four of which charted in the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100, between 1993 and 1994: "Livin' on the Edge", "Eat the Rich", "Cryin'", "Amazing" and "Crazy". The promotional videos for the three latter songs helped launch the careers of actress Alicia Silverstone and vocalist Steven Tyler's daughter Liv. Although never released as a single "Line Up" appeared in the 1994 comedy film Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.

Get a Grip featured guests including Don Henley, who sang backup on "Amazing", and Lenny Kravitz, who offered backup vocals and collaboration to "Line Up". As on Permanent Vacation and Pump, this album featured numerous song collaborators from outside the band including: Desmond Child, Jim Vallance, Mark Hudson, Richie Supa, Taylor Rhodes, Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw.

Get a Grip became Aerosmith's best-selling studio album worldwide, achieving sales of over 20 million copies, and is tied with Pump for their second best-selling album in the United States, selling over 7 million copies as of 1995. This also made it their third consecutive album with US sales of at least five million.

In the UK, it is the only Aerosmith studio-album to be certified Platinum (300,000 units sold) by the British Phonographic Industry, achieving this in October 1994.

Get a Grip won the band two Grammy Awards for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal.

The promo CD version had a simulated-cowhide cover, reportedly of a unique pattern on each one.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

