Video Codec : XviD 1.2 Video Bitrate: ~973 Kbps VBR
Resolution : 640 x 272 Aspect Ratio : 2.35 : 1
Audio Codec : Ac3 DD 5.1 Audio Bitrate: 448 kbps
Runtime : 02:16:51 Frame Rate : 24.975 FPS
Language : Hindi Subtitles : English

Love for All and Sharing is the first step to solving all the problems of humanity.

Websites I want to share.

 
http://www.shareintl.org/

 
http://www.lightmiddleway.com


Thank you very much

No credit for me...credit to EVERYONE for sharing

Set in the fictional town of Rajpur, Dileep (Raj Singh Chaudhary) , a Rajput from Bikaner and a student of law along with his faithful servant, Bhanwar (Mukesh Bhatt), secures a accommodation in an old, run-down British-era pub. Here he meets Rananjay Singh “Ransa” (Abhimanyu Singh), a prince, who despises the ideologies of his father and the aristocracy. Ransa's straight fowoward and fearless personality has quite an effect on the mild-mannered Dileep. Shortly, Dileep visits the university hostel where he is ragged by a gang of university thugs, led by Jadwal (Pankaj Jha). They strip him and lock him in a room with Anuja (Jesse Randhawa), a young lecturer in the same university. Both Dileep and Anuja are released naked. Dileep's brother comes and tells him to ignore the event as an act of ragging and that things were the same in his days, effectively stating that the society as a whole hasn’t changed that much since his time. But Ransa disagrees and tells Dileep that they should have their revenge. Initially, Dileep is reluctant but finally gives in after Ransa provokes him and goes along with him to give the thugs a taste of their own medicine. But the tables are turned and both Dileep and Ransa are beaten and are ragged & thrown out of the hostel. Ransa goes to meet Dukey Bana (a local figure who is trying to gather support for the Rajputana separatist movement, unbeknownst to either Ransa or Dileep) who allows them to proceed with the plan of injuring the leader of the thugs. Ransa and Dileep ambush Jadwal, But the other thugs corner them in a cinema hall. Dukey Bana interferes and rescues them. Dukey Bana (Kay Kay Menon) then convinces Ransa to contest for the General Secretary Elections at the university. Contesting against Ransa is his father's illegitimate daughter, Kiran (Ayesha Mohan).