In Batman: Arkham Asylum, the Dark Knight takes on his greatest challenge yet when he becomes trapped with all of his most dangerous villains inside the insane asylum of GOTHAM CITY - ARKHAM ASYLUM! Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes players to a unique, dark and atmospheric adventure that takes them to the depths of Arkham Asylum %u2013Gotham%u2019s psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane. Gamers will move in the shadows, instigate fear amongst their enemies and confront The Joker and Gotham City%u2019s most notorious villains who have taken over the asylum. Using a wide range of Batman%u2019s gadgets and abilities, players will become the invisible predator and attempt to foil The Joker%u2019s demented scheme. Batman: Arkham Asylum features an original story penned exclusively for the game by famous Batman author and five-time Emmy award winner, Paul Dini, whose credits include Lost season one and Batman: The Animated Series. With amazing graphics and a moody, immersive setting, Batman: Arkham Asylum offers diverse gameplay options that push the envelope for all action, adventure and superhero games. Features * Utilize the unique FreeFlow%u2122 combat system to chain together unlimited combos seamlessly and battle with huge groups of The Joker-s henchmen in brutal melee brawls. * Investigate as Batman, the WORLD-S GREATEST DETECTIVE, by solving intricate puzzles with the help of cutting edge forensic tools including x-ray scanning, fingerprint scans, -Amido Black- spray and a pheromone tracker. * Face off against Gotham-s greatest villains including The Joker, HARLEY QUINN, VICTOR ZSASZ and KILLER CROC. * Become the Invisible Predator%u2122 with Batman-s fear takedowns and unique vantage point system to move without being seen and hunt enemies. * Choose multiple takedown methods, including swooping from the sky and smashing through walls, and use the predator camera get a closer look at the action. * Explore every inch of ARKHAM ASYLUM%u2122 and roam freely on the infamous island, presented for the first time ever in its gritty and realistic entirety. * Experience what it-s like to be BATMAN using BATARANGS%u2122, explosive gel aerosol, The BATCLAW%u2122, sonar resonator and the line launcher. * Unlock more secrets by completing hidden challenges in the world and develop and customize equipment by earning experience points. * Move through the environment with the use of Batman-s grapnel gun to get to out-of-reach places, and jump from any height to glide in any direction.

Batman Arkham Asylum PC 

 
http://www.EspaDD.com

