Release Title Jeremiah Johnson 1972 DVDRip XviD AC3-Dobbs (Kingdom-Release)

Storyline After they first worked together on the 1966 film This Property Is Condemned, director Sydney Pollack and Robert Redford continued their long-lasting collaboration with this 1972 drama set during the mid-1800s, about one man\'s rugged effort to shed the burden of civilization and learn to survive in the wilderness of the Rocky Mountains. Will Geer is perfectly cast as the seasoned trapper who teaches Jeremiah Johnson (Redford) how to survive against harsh winters, close encounters with grizzly bears, and hostile Crow Indians. In the course of his adventure, Johnson marries the daughter of a Flathead Indian chief, forms a makeshift family, and ultimately assumes a mythic place in Rocky Mountain folklore. Shot entirely on location in Utah, the film boasts an abundance of breathtaking widescreen scenery, and the story (despite a PG rating) doesn\'t flinch from the brutality of the wilderness.

Cast
Robert Redford ... Jeremiah Johnson
Will Geer ... Bear Claw
Delle Bolton ... Swan
Josh Albee ... Caleb
Joaquín Martínez ... Paints His Shirt Red (as Joaquin Martinez)
Allyn Ann McLerie ... Crazy Woman
Stefan Gierasch ... Del Gue
Richard Angarola ... Chief Two-Tongues Lebeaux
Paul Benedict ... Reverend Lindquist
Charles Tyner ... Robidoux
Jack Colvin ... Lieutenant Mulvey
Matt Clark ... Qualen

Genre Drama | Western
Language English
Total Size 1.35 GB
Source DVD Retail ;)
Encoder Dobbs

Video Specs
Container: AVI(.AVI)
Video Codec Type: XVID
Video Codec name: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Avg. Bitrate: 1228 Kbps
Encoding: 2 Pass
Resolution: 720 x 304
Quality Factor (QF): 0.234
Frame Rate: 23.976 Fps

Audio Specs
Audio Codec: AC3
Bitrate: 384 Kbps
Sample Rate: 48.0 KHz
Channel Count: 6

IMDB 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068762/

NOTE: Glad to see ya back around KB. Cant wait for ya to get back in action. :D Continuing the legacy of great quality, KiNGDOM releases...;) TAKE IT or LEAVE IT.;)
I am looking for some new sources cams,direct audio,dvd or vhs screeners, Dedicated Servers, TV Cappers, syncers or any thing else you can provide Contact us @ kingdom@hush.ai
Greets: KingBen, BLaZE, tiato, DiNGiE - All of Kingdom & UKB, STG, IMAGiNE, The GRiM, KK, paulx1, HDLiTE, Ho\'s, and all else I Respect, you know who yall are ;) R.I.P. SecretMyth.