
These two albums are almost perfectly suited to each other, representating the peak of the Temptations' early- to mid-'70s output. 
A Song for You was a rare Berry Gordy co-production (necessitated by Norman Whitfield's departure from the company) -- Gordy and Jimmy Bowen came up with an album that combined a powerful, funky beat with gorgeous singing (especially by Dennis Edwards) and a range of superb songs. These tapes sound extraordinary on this release, like they're really being heard properly for the first time. 
Masterpiece was precisely that for producer Whitfield, comprised of just six songs, every one of them a winner, including the epic-length title song, possibly the best extended track ever to come out of Motown Records. 
The two albums fit together almost seamlessly (though one wishes that Masterpiece's tracks were first on the disc), and the only flaw is that there are no expanded notes or album credits. (AMG)






1. A Song For You


By 1975, the Temptations were a much different group with both David Ruffin and Eddie Kendricks out of the lineup. Dennis Edwards was now singing lead, and only Melvin Franklin and Otis Williams existed from the original group. The group was far more of a funk mind, and this set proves it. 
The big hit on here was "Happy People," with the Temps backed up by the Commodores, listed as "the Temptations Band" on the second part instrumental version. 
For ultra-funk, though, it's hard to beat "Glasshouse" and "Shakey Ground," which features guitar and bass work from P-Funk alumni Eddie Hazel and Billy Nelson. But they didn't leave their ballads entirely in the good old days, as the satin-drenched "Firefly," "Memories" and the title track clearly show. 
Produced by Jeffrey Bowen, this thing has ‘'70s' stamped all over it. In the case of the Temps, that's good. (AMG)



01. Happy People   (3:35)
02. Glasshouse   (3:55)
03. Shakey Ground   (4:02)
04. The Prophet   (4:24)
05. Happpy People (Instrumental)   (2:54)
06. A Song For You   (4:34)
07. Memories   (5:56)
08. I'm A Bachelor   (4:17)
09. Firefly   (4:00)



Producer - Jeffrey Bowen
Co-producer - James Anthony Carmichael

Originally released in 1975






2. Masterpiece


Norman Whitfield was always the Motown producer who had the most daring creative vision for The Temptations; he was the man who helped them turn psychedelic (well, sort of) with "Cloud Nine" and "Psychedelic Shack", and when the group's career had hit a slump in the early 1970's, he brought them back to the top of the charts with the brilliantly realized "Papa Was A Rolling Stone". 
After the latter tune had become a smash, Whitfield and The Temptations set out to make their most ambitious project to date, but in many ways, Masterpiece sounded more like a Norman Whitfield solo album with the Temps adding occasional vocals; the album's long, carefully layered tunes, complete with sweeping string charts and cleanly punctuated horn lines, have the widescreen splendor of a big-budget movie, and while it's inarguably impressive to hear, the featured artists often seem to be lost in the shuffle. 
It doesn't help that while the album is musically impressive, several of the songs are lyrically cut-rate, especially the cliche-ridden "Ma" and "Plastic Man", a ho-hum critique of hypocrisy, and while The Temptations deliver their material with conviction and typically peerless vocal skill, it's not enough to disguise the fact this album overshoots its target. 
While still better than the average Motown effort of the period, Masterpiece never quite becomes the triumph it obviously wants to be, proving once again that a "Masterpiece" usually occurs as a matter of serendipity rather than careful design. (AMG)




10. Hey Girl (I Like Your Style)   (3:20)
11. Masterpiece   (13:37)
12. Ma   (4:44)
13. Law Of The Land   (4:52)
14. Plastic Man   (3:24)
15. Hurry Tomorrow   (4:40)



Written-By, Producer - Norman Whitfield
Producer [Executive] - Berry Gordy

Originally released in 1975



Label: Motown
Released: 1986



Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share
