Spiderman Web Of Shadows


Publisher: Activision
Developer: Shaba Games

Minimum System Requirements
OS: Windows XP/Vista
Processor: Intel Core 2 DUO @ 2.13 GHz/Athlon 64 X2 4600+
Memory: 1 GB on Windows XP/2 GB on Windows Vista
Hard Drive: 8.5 GB Free
Video Memory: 512 MB (nVidia GeForce 7900 GTX/ATI Radeon 1900XT)
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
DirectX: 9.0c
Keyboard & Mouse
DVD Rom Drive

PLOT:

The game begins with Spider-Man searching for Mary Jane in a symbiote-infested New York. During a flashback to four days earlier, Spider-Man retells his account of how his encounter with Venom ended with a piece of the symbiote binding to himself. After the fight with Venom, Spider-Man meets Luke Cage during a gang drive by shooting. Cage explains that the Rolling Sevens and Park Avenue gangs are at war, and that their task is to bring the two to a truce. After pursuing the two gang leaders across the city, Spider-Man manages to get them to agree to a peaceful meeting in Central Park.
Outside the rendezvous point, Spider-Man discovers several high-tech assassins on top of the nearby buildings. He traces the assassins back to the Kingpin. After a few encounters with Moon Knight, the Black Cat, and Kingpin’s gang, Spider-Man and the Kingpin's henchmen are attacked by symbiote-controlled citizens of New York City. The police soon arrive and Spider-Man is witnessed throwing a symbiote controlled person off of a building and is then considered to be a murderer.


Spider-Man swings through a symbiote-infested New York.
Wolverine, thinking Spider-Man to be possessed by a symbiote, tracks down and confronts the web slinger. After a brief battle, the two settle their differences and begin tracking down infected citizens. Eventually Spider-Man finds Venom throwing people into symbiote pods, leaving them infected. After the pods are destroyed, S.H.I.E.L.D. quarantines New York and sets up symbiote controlled citizen quarantine camps. Electro attacks one of the camps looking for his sister, who is symbiote controlled, and becomes infected himself attempting to help her.
Spider-Man decides the only way to save New York is to break the Tinkerer out of Ryker's Island. Upon reaching the prison, Spider-Man frees the Rhino, using his strength to help free the Tinkerer. The Tinkerer then designs a device to be installed on the Trask building that removes the symbiotes from their hosts without causing harm to the host. After defeating symbiote controlled versions of Wolverine, Electro, the Black Cat, and the Vulture, Spider-Man activates the device and destroys his own symbiote before responding to an attack on the S.H.I.E.L.D. Helicarrier by Venom and the remaining symbiotes.
Enlisting Moon Knight to carry him to the Helicarrier, Spider-Man sets bombs to destroy the Helicarrier, but is attacked by a giant five headed version of Venom. Spider-Man is able to destroy four of the heads, and calls on Brock to try and assist with destroying the symbiotes. Realizing the destruction that has been caused by the Venom symbiote, Brock sacrifices himself, weakens the symbiote monster, and the Helicarrier explodes.
A few weeks after the explosion of the Helicarrier, Spider-Man then reflects over the events of the last several days with Mary Jane Watson at his side.

 º Unrar                                                               º
    º Burn or Mount (2cd)                                                       º
    º install         ( Need 8 GB Free Disk + 1 GB Ram + Framework 3.5 )  º
    º go install folder "JPN Languages"  for other language.reg           º


 Enjoy

