 http://img828.imageshack.us/img828/3144/guidetogmatgrammarsente.jpg






Winners' Guide to GMAT Grammar & Sentence Correction

BY MY GMAT

English 

2006 

346 pages 

PDF 

1.28 MB

This Grammar book gives you a thorough yet concise background of English grammar that you need to succeed in the GMAT Sentence Correction Section. GMAT grammar can be a daunting experience for the most fluent students, leave alone for someone whose first language is not english.In fact there are hundreds of brilliant students from the Non English speaking world, who easily score in the 99 percentile in GMAT Math, but struggle desperately when it comes to GMAT Verbal.

Even if you are comfortable with the English language, you might struggle with the 700+ type of questions, where the GMAT Sentence correction section tests deeper understanding of Grammar rather than just testing the standard rules that the commonly available guides provide.However, if you are NOT comfortable with the nuances of English Grammar, the common list of standard rules will not make much sense anyways. What you need is a thorough understanding of GMAT grammar behind the Sentence Correction section.Unfortunately, this is easier said than done. It can take months, if not years to get a good grasp of the grammar fundamentals. The English speakers study the language for more than 10 years starting from primary school, and still struggle with the SC section of the GMAT.So how do you manage your GMAT Verbal prep? Especially in the Sentence Correction section, where grammar plays a much bigger part than in the GMAT Reading Comprehension or the GMAT Critical Reasoning Section.The best and the most fail-proof way is to get a thorough background on the specific elements of grammar tested in the GMAT.You need to watch out though. There are many English grammar books in the market that will teach you much more than you need for the GMAT, and you can spend weeks studying something that is unlikely to have much effect on your Verbal score.What you need is a concise book that clearly outlines the topics that are tested in the GMAT, and explains these in detail with real examples from the GMAT.This is where the 'Winners' Guide to GMAT Grammar & Sentence Correction' comes in.Over the years that I have taught the GMAT Verbal, and from my own GMAT experience ( I have scored 99 percentile in GMAT Verbal. See my score here), I have compiled this book to specifically help out students who want to score big on the Sentence Correction section.This book will give you confidence and clarify the quagmire of English Grammar so that you can tackle the sentence correction section successfully........






ENJOY.................






