Director:
             Ramanand Sagar
Writers:
             Tulsidas (story)
             Ramanand Sagar (writer)
 
Plot:                                                                                                        
             The Lord incarnated upon the earth nine times. The seventh was known  
             as"Ram Avatar." Ramanand Sagar's Ramayan is the story of the 
             incarnation.it covers the entire story in detail up to Ram's   
             coronation.      
                                  
             

Cast  (Series Credited cast)

	     Arun Govil	 ...	Ram
	     Deepika	 ...	Sita
	     Dara Singh	 ...	Hanuman
	     Arvind Trivedi	 ...	Ravan

rest of cast listed alphabetically:
	     Vijay Arora	 ...	Meghnath
	     Rajni Bala	 ...	Sumitra (1986-1988) (as Rajnibala)
	     Jayshree Gadkar	 ...	Kaushalya (1986-1988)
	     Sanjay Jog	 ...	Bharat (1986-1988)
	     Padma Khanna	 ...	Kaikeyi (1986-1988)
	     Sunil Lahri	 ...	Laxman
	     Lalita Pawar	 ...	Manthara (1986-1988)
	     Mulraj Rajda	 ...	Janak


my comments: 

There is not many storys wich is so good on movie as when reading the book. But Ramanand Sagar did it. Story in wich God apier on earth and show his way of living through justice and love code, all ppl shoud wach this once. Placed in ancient time before any todays religion, it shows peek of beauty in human relations and spiritual science. And afcorse a milion other things :) 

Its only a shame that dvd colection is not so good as original becuse it has sound modifyed and many scenes cuted (expecialy on 2 first dvd-s) just to fit some Sagars post movie pilgrimages. He was realy famos in India for doing this master piece. Still even today my hearth hurts me when waching dvd version of Ramayan and allwais wondering.. Why for God sake they did lower or complitly erazer music from some scenes!? Why ruining something so wonderfull and unique with such slopy work. Its like ading or removing some colors from Picasso paintings. Dvd version shud be upgraded original, instead, its like ripted off version lol. No wonder Sagar studio soon after broke down. Well anyway.. Meeting Ramayana defenetly change evryones life a bit. I know it did change my. 
Dvd version is still beter for todays large/wide tv-s and I dubt ppl wud like my orginal version in vhs quality.

Orginal 16 dvd-s came on 8Gb dvd ones so I cuted Sagars traveling over India and did regular 4.7Gb dvds. (Irony ha =P)

If you expect Spielberg efects, pass it.. if u expect devotion, dig it..

ps: I will added some deleted scenes later. Its embaresing 15y old avi quality but it will do for those who are intrested.
Sori for bad english guys and thx all for seeding :)


Jay Sri Ram!.. Jay Hanuman!