Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Free is the second album of English rock group Free, recorded and released in 1969. The band had spent time touring after their debut album Tons of Sobs the previous year, and there is a marked difference in the musicianship of the band as well as Paul Rodgers's voice. Individual members of the band seem less inclined to show off their musicianship - there are few of Paul Kossoff's extended guitar solos that could be heard on some of the previous album's tracks such as "Goin' Down Slow." Whereas Tons of Sobs had been produced by Guy Stevens, Free was produced by the head of Island Records himself, Chris Blackwell.

This album saw the burgeoning of the songwriting partnership between Paul Rodgers and bassist Andy Fraser, which had been glimpsed on Tons of Sobs  with songs such as "I'm A Mover"; here, eight out of the nine tracks bear a Fraser/Rodgers credit. Possibly as a result of the sixteen year-old Fraser's influence as a songwriter the bass guitar  is far more prominent here than on the previous album, and indeed is used more widely than most other bands' albums do. The instrument is used as a rhythm guitar, driving the songs, while Kossoff's lead guitar develops from it.

While Fraser and Rodgers made a strong writing partnership, tensions in the band increased as some felt that Fraser held the band in a stranglehold. Kossoff, whose natural spontaneity had been given free rein up to then, particularly resented being taught very specific rhythm guitar parts by Fraser. However, Blackwell managed to keep the band in line to record the album.

However, the album performed fairly poorly on release, only reaching number 22 in the UK charts and failing completely in America. The single releases, "Broad Daylight" and "I'll Be Creepin'", also failed. (Two songs from the album, "I'll Be Creepin'" and "Woman", would later be covered by the American rock band Three Dog Night.) It would not be until the release of "All Right Now" the following year that the band became truly successful.

Free were an English rock band, formed in London in 1968, best known for their 1970 signature song "All Right Now". They disbanded in 1973 and lead singer Paul Rodgers went on to become a frontman of the band Bad Company along with Simon Kirke on drums; lead guitarist Paul Kossoff died from a drug-induced heart failure at the age of 25 in 1976, bassist Andy Fraser formed his own group.

The band was famed for its sensational live shows and nonstop touring. However, early studio albums did not sell very well – until the release of Fire and Water which featured the massive hit "All Right Now". This album brought them recognition as one of the top rock bands of the 1960s–70s. The song helped secure them a place at the huge Isle of Wight Festival 1970 where they played to 600,000 people.

By the early 1970s, Free was one of the biggest-selling British blues-rock groups; by the time the band dissolved in 1973, they had achieved an uncanny level of superstar success: selling more than 20 million albums around the world and had played more than 700 arena and festival concerts. "All Right Now," remains a rock staple, and has been entered into ASCAP's "One Million" airplay singles club.

Rolling Stone has referred to the band as "British hard rock pioneers". The magazine ranked Rodgers #55 in its list of the "100 Greatest Singers of All Time", while Kossoff was ranked #51 in its list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/