Scrooby Trevithick - Series 01 & 02 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 via DVB-T
12 x 30 minute episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


Comedy by Andy Parsons. Each episode revolves around the fictional Scrooby Trevithick attempting to better himself


Scrooby is a well-meaning but flawed young man who is desperately trying to better himself through his own website, where he's left his web diaries.

Scrooby Trevithick went missing on the 1st of January 2008. He left behind no notes - just his beloved MP3 player - the MP3 player that he used to record everything that happened to him and his best mate Walshie. It is these recordings we hear in Series 1.

The 2nd series continues to follow the exploits of the hapless (but no longer lost) Scrooby. Each episode features him trying another pastime or possible new venture. This time, he is helped by his good friend, Sasha. Sadly, each new venture doesn't go the way Scrooby had planned and, in so doing, he gets increasingly frustrated at his lack of success.

In Series 2, Scrooby tries his hand at becoming a writer; a paparazzo; a councillor; a journalist; a performer; and an entrepreneur.


Cast:
Andy Parsons
Ben Hurley
Frankie Boyle
Katherine Jakeways
Marcus Brigstocke
Lucy Porter
Dara O'Briain
Henry Naylor
Micky Flanagan
Michael Legge
Kerry Godliman






 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/scrooby_trevithick/episodes/

Scrooby Trevithick - S01 - E01 - Motions 
Scrooby Trevithick - S01 - E02 - Athletics 
Scrooby Trevithick - S01 - E03 - Herb 
Scrooby Trevithick - S01 - E04 - Agate 
Scrooby Trevithick - S01 - E05 - Fridge 
Scrooby Trevithick - S01 - E06 - Dream 

Scrooby Trevithick - S02 - E01 - Entrepreneur 
Scrooby Trevithick - S02 - E02 - Writer 
Scrooby Trevithick - S02 - E03 - Paparazzo 
Scrooby Trevithick - S02 - E04 - Councillor 
Scrooby Trevithick - S02 - E05 - Journalist 
Scrooby Trevithick - S02 - E06 - Performer 


Audio Format : MP3
Duration : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits




[b]
A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them.

There is little point in downloading a "Torrent" and then recreating a "Torrent" using the same files.

The fact there was a torrent for you to download is clear you don't need to use the files to make another exactly the same version,

All you will do is split seeders over 2 torrents with the "same" files and make both have less seeders.



[/b]
