CONTENT: FULL IMAGE OF THE CD [WV/LOSSLESS] + DVD-A [DVD9] + SCANS
* YOU CAN DOWNLOAD ONLY THE CD OR THE DVD-A, JUST CHOOSE THE FOLDER
* NOT MY RIP

Lizard, King Crimson's third studio album & second release of 1970, was, like its predecessor In the Wake of Poseidon, the product of a studio band. It was also the first Crimson album for which Robert Fripp provided all of the music. Remarkably self-contained & sounding somewhat atypical for a King Crimson album - even by the standards of a band that rarely sounded similar from album to album, Lizard is an often overlooked & under-appreciated gem from their early years. Certainly at the time of release, anyone expecting an extension of the soundscapes introduced & explored on the band's earlier two albums was in for a surprise. 

Lizard featured a lighter, more delicate sound than the earlier albums - an approach perhaps necessitated by an extended instrumental lineup. The expanded range of instruments allowed for intricately interwoven instrumental passages - with Fripp's guitar & Tippett's piano pleasingly to the fore - and this combination, along with the prominence afforded to Mel Collins & the guest players on the album's main title suite, led some to believe that Fripp was guiding Crimson towards the world of jazz & away from rock altogether. But such claims were misguided. Crimson was, as ever, seeking to expand the vocabulary of rock music & Lizard was, in some ways, the band's most ambitious album to date. 

As this lineup never toured, very little of the material was performed live & Lizard remained a product of the studio environment & the musicians who performed on it (amongst other things, Lizard includes a beautiful Jon Anderson cameo). 

Lizard's standalone nature makes it difficult even to compile in context next to Crimson's other material - with only Bolero featuring on the box sets covering Crimson's extensive history. Lizard remains a fascinating, intriguing album - an album only a band called King Crimson could make - even if it was a very different King Crimson to that which had gone before or would come after. 

Now completely remixed from the original multitrack recording tapes by Steven Wilson for 5.1 Surround Sound & featuring a new stereo mix from the same source tapes by Robert Fripp & Steven Wilson, Lizard finally reveals its true beauty. 

Steven Wilson - "I've always felt that if presented in the right way, I could make a case for this being the most experimental rock record ever made. It's extraordinary what they're doing on this album. In terms of fusing free-jazz with progressive rock for me there's almost no parallel." 

Personnel: 

Robert Fripp: guitar, mellotron & devices 
Mel Collins: saxes & flute 
Gordon Haskell: bass & vocals 
Andy McCulloch: drums 
Peter Sinfield: words 
with Robin Miller: oboe & cor anglais 
Mark Charig: cornet 
Nick Evans: trombone 
Keith Tippett: Piano 
Jon Anderson: vocal 

Please note, all the King Crimson DVD-As are Region 0 NTSC and should play on all players worldwide.

Tracks
CD: 
1. Cirkus 
2. Indoor Games 
3. Happy Family 
4. Lady of the Dancing Water 
5. Lizard 

Bonus tracks: 
6. Lady of the Dancing Water (alt. Mix) 
7. Bolero (Frame by Frame remix) 
8. Cirkus (studio run through) 

DVD-A: 

Lizard - Album DVD-A Lossless Surround Sound, DTS 5.1 Surround Sound 

Lizard - Album original mix - High Resolution Stereo 

Lizard - Album new mix - High Resolution Stereo 

3 Bonus tracks in 
High Resolution Stereo.