PAL (If you make a DVD from the Image.) Subtiles in Swedish, Norwegian, Danish and Finnish.   Cover Artwork included.

SOURCE DVD9
Original sound and Video quality
Widescreen
For Cast details go here: 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064754/

Oh! What A Lovely War - The ever popular War Games with Songs, Battles & A few Jokes.   This 1969 full length film caused quite a stir when it first came out and marked Sir Richard Attenbourough's Début as a director.

It was based on the highly successful musical and stage play and the singing is of the highest quality and is a rare collection of the popular songs of the day.

Very moving it attempts to stay lighhearted and comical, this film documents the WAR to END all WARS which changed the entire course of human History and re wrote the map of Europe, seeing the end of the British and Austrian empire's in its wake.   The Spanish Flu pandemic, a direct result of the mass movement of the displaced populations of Europe, killed even more in 1918 and 1919 and the final death toll of this terrible carnage was never really added up.  Not only did they not know the location and names of the fallen, often they had little idea of the numbers of dead either.

Made long before computer Graphics were possible, the final scene of the emotive white crosses was shot from a helicopter over the Sussex downs and the 16,000 crosses you see in the closing credits were all planted in the hard chalk by hand.   That was less than the amount of men killed in any single day on the Western front.   Having visited the battlefields of Belgium myself and stood in the Commonwealth War grave sites, what you see just scratches the surface of a war whose Generals ordered the shelling of there own troops when one Boxing day they came out of the trenches to wish each other a Merry Christmas in a spontaneous truce that came about as a result of each side singing Christmas Carols to the other.

Yet the songs of the day are cheerful, witty, disrespectful and very moving as indeed is the director's commentary and remarks from those who were there.   The gulf between the rulers and the ruled was vast, and never again have the politicians and heads of the Armed forces been given the free hand they had back in 1914 to whip up mass patriotic fever and lead millions to become cannon fodder for the machine guns and  trench fever.