Music Videos - Musicland Group TV Oct. 2001

I'm not one for dumpster diving, but as they say, one persons trash is another persons treasure, and I can't be the only person in the world that has the morbid curiosity of finding a CD or DVD laying around where it shouldn't; you just gotta go find out what it is and why it's there!  That's what happened when I came across this DVD.  It is a disc the Musicland Group used to send to their affiliate stores (Sam Goody, Media Play, On Cue, etc.), to play on in-store TV's to promote new releases once a month.  Usually when the new month arrives, the previous month's disc is either sent back to headquarters or destroyed.  Luckily for all of us this DVD received neither fate, and I was glad I found it!!

This DVD is full of excellent videos, several I searched for on TPB and did not find.  Instead of trying to rip each video separately, I made a ISO image of the near mint DVD.  The videos contained herein are as follows in order of appearance (when you select the On Cue tab on the menu)

Someone To Call My Lover - Janet Jackson
Rockin' The Suburbs - Ben Folds
Start The Commotion (Zoolander Theme) - Wiseguys (featuring Greg Nice)
Survivor - Destiny's Child
Austin - Blake Shelton
Family Affair - Mary J. Blige
Pop - N'Sync
Simple Creed - LIVE
I Want Love - Elton John (Robert Downey Jr. on the lip sync)
Clint Eastwood - Gorillaz
Weapon Of Choice - Fatboy Slim (Christopher Walken Dances)
Love Of My Life - Brian McKnight
BootyLicious - Destiny's Child
Drive - Incubus
Sweet Baby - Macy Gray
I'm Real - Jennifer Lopez
Ride Wit Me - Nelly
Fallin' - Alicia Keys
Loving Every Minute - Mark Wills
Side - Travis
Ms. Jackson - Outkast
Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) - Blu Cantrell


You will also see (if you select the Media Play tab)

Izzo (H.O.V.A.) - Jay-Z
Smooth Criminal - Alien Ant Farm
Brittney Spears's Pepsi Commercial
Magic Johnson's Ray-O-Vac Commercial

If you select the Sam Goody tab

Let Me Blow Ya Mind - Eve (featuring Gwen Stefani)
Various movie ads

Uncompressed ISO file created with ImgBurn.  The original DVD is single layer. Scan of disc included.

Please seed and enjoy!   :)