Date:
 08-30-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Timothy Good, Daniel Durda 
 


One of the world’s most respected authorities on alien phenomena, Timothy Good, discussed the staggering evidence for UFOs, and the possible colonization of Earth by extraterrestrials. One of the most disturbing aspects to ufology is the number of military deaths since the late 1940s, he noted. When the military opened fire on UFOs, there was retaliation on a large scale, and "I would say that conservatively hundreds of military pilots have lost their lives." The Roswell craft, he suggested, was shot down by US military. According to one statistic, more than 3,500 pilots (including commercial) have seen UFOs, he stated. 

Regarding the existence of ETs, Good said "I am convinced, and have been for decades, that they are here,"-- some are based on Earth, and have a vested interest in our planet. He has come to believe human abductions and the developing of hybrids was done for the ETs' benefit rather than ours. Cross breeding and genetic experiments have been conducted on a colossal scale, and the intention behind the hybrids is "to create a passive human race incapable of violence," thus setting us up for conquest, he warned. 

Good also recounted an interesting episode in 1989 when Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey was planning a traveling exhibit on UFOs & aliens, and certain high ranking officials were reportedly considering lending out real UFOs and alien bodies for the display. However, after Good published details about this in his book, Alien Contact, the exhibition was canceled. He also spoke about various contactee cases, such as the Italian "Friendship" group, whose contacts with ETs were said to begin in 1956. Good reported that many recent sightings in the UK were due to Chinese lanterns, but there was also an increase in triangular craft. The US, he added, has acquired advanced craft propulsion from recovered alien vehicles. 

Asteroid Update
First hour guest, planetary scientist Dan Durda talked about asteroids. In regards to a recent report that the dinosaur extinction was caused by a double meteor strike, he noted that an asteroid can sometimes be followed by meteoric debris in its wake. Regarding space exploration, the next best thing to returning to the moon, he suggested, would be a manned mission to a near-Earth asteroid, where we could learn more about the origins of the solar system. 


Website(s):
-timothygood.co.uk
-boulder.swri.edu/~durda/
Book(s):
-Need to Know: UFOs, the Military and Intelligence