Their Shots Quit Coming 

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1174kbps 
Duration.............: 18:54.011
Resolution...........: 512*384 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 104 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filename.............: Their Shots Quit Coming (2002 park service film).avi 
Filesize.............: 183,285,760

This DVD is available in the gift shop at the Little Bighorn Battlefield. It shows both the current film shown to park visitors, and the embarrassing garbage shown back in the 60s for nostalgic purposes. The current film is essentially accurate, if very incomplete and under produced. There have been several excellent documentaries done in recent years (History Channel, etc) that go into far more detail. The only movie version that comes close to accuracy is the 1991 TV film, Son of the Morning Star.

I won’t bore anyone with a long intro that nitpicks the facts, but a couple of things are left unclear in these films that should be explained: (1) The LBH Battlefield is unique in that grave markers were placed AT the sites where bodies were found, even thought he actual bodies are buried elsewhere. This means that you can walk the battlefield and trace the flow of action by finding the markers all over the place. (2) The second film uses some horrific choral nonsense I have never heard; that newcomers to this topic might be confused into thinking is the REAL famous 7th Cavalry Theme – Garryowen. It sounds like one of those Johnny Horton knockoffs from the early 1960s that are best forgotten. To combat this, I have included three different musical tracks in the torrent of the REAL Garryowen. I’ve also thrown in some battle-maps, pictures, and the Osprey campaign manual. There is also a lithograph of Becker’s famous painting “Custer’s Last Fight”, which depicts the Lakota as if they were Florida Seminoles. Below is the link to the excellent Wikipedia summation, as well as the promotional material from the back of the DVD.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_the_Little_Bighorn

“Surprise encounters, brave stands, and a climactic ending mark the legacy of Little Bighorn Battlefield National Monument. What exactly happened on the rugged hills above the Little Bighorn River more than 125 years ago?

Follow the Seventh Cavalry up Rosebud Creek to their fateful encounter with Lakota and Cheyenne in the Little Bighorn valley. Using computer-generated animation based on the latest archeological research. THEIR SHOTS QUIT COMING traces the movement of the Seventh Cavalry and Lakota and Cheyenne across the battlefield on June 25th and 26th, 1876. Historical accounts and reenactments bring life to a battle that has come to symbolize as no other the clash of cultures in the West.

As an added bonus, this DVD includes the recently discovered 1961 film THE MASSACRE. Narrated by former National Park Service Chief Historian William C. Everhart, Jefferson National Expansion Memorial, this historical color documentary was produced by Ralph J. Tangney, KETC TV, St. Louis, Missouri, in association with the National Park Service. Featuring rare footage of the battlefield, this documentary was the first orientation film shown at then Custer Battlefield National Monument. See how perceptions of this historic event have changed over the past forty years.”
