About 24 - Day 8

One of the most innovative and acclaimed dramas on television, 24 returns for a remarkable eighth season in January 2010. The suspenseful series has been nominated for a total of 68 Emmy awards, winning for Outstanding Drama Series in 2006. Over the course of seven seasons, Sutherland has garnered seven Emmy nominations and one win for Outstanding Lead Actor; while Season Seven co-star Cherry Jones earned an Emmy nomination for her highly praised work as
PRESIDENT ALLISON TAYLOR.

Season Eight of 24 promises to combine the show's unique and trend-setting format with compelling new elements, including a new setting, new threats and new cast members. Each episode will again cover one hour of real time as viewers follow JACK BAUER (Sutherland) through another astonishing day.

Set in New York City, "Day Eight" unfolds amidst the shadows of the Statue of Liberty and the United Nations as President Allison Taylor (Jones), alongside new chief of staff ROB WEISS (Chris Diamantopoulos), negotiates international security with OMAR HASSAN (Anil Kapoor), a determined Middle Eastern leader visiting the U.S. on a peacemaking mission. As the new day begins, an upgraded CTU operates under the command of M.B.A.-schooled, razor-sharp head honcho BRIAN HASTINGS (Mykelti Williamson), who supervises quirky CHLOE O'BRIAN (Mary Lynn Rajskub), expert data analyst DANA WALSH (Katee Sackhoff) and systems analyst ARLO GLASS (John Boyd).

    one of the most innovative and acclaimed dramas on televison. 24 returns for a remarkable eighth season. 

COLE ORTIZ (Freddie Prinze Jr.), an ex-Marine who wants to follow in Bauer's footsteps, leads field operations while Agent RENEE WALKER (Annie Wersching) returns with an agenda of her own. Created by Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran, 24 is a production of 20th Century Fox Television and Imagine Television in association with Teakwood Lane Productions.

Howard Gordon, Evan Katz, David Fury, Manny Coto, Brannon Braga, Brad Turner, Alex Gansa, Kiefer Sutherland and Brian Grazer are executive producers, while Chip Johannessen and Patrick Harbinson serve as co-executive producers. Brad Turner directed the season premiere episode.
