With Adobe 4 capture software, you can quickly author eLearning professional advanced interactivity with the content, software and simulations of scenarios, quizzes, and other interesting experiences - without programming knowledge or multimedia needs. Boost your productivity and collaborative working with templates. And deliver content virtually anywhere via the publication of Learning Management Systems and Adobe Acrobat  Connect Pro software.

Top New Features In Adobe Captivate 4

SWF Comments
Accelerating the creation of content with the cycles of real-time evaluation in Adobe Reviewer captivate. Reviewers can add comments to your SWF files while playing without Adobe captivate and comments will be imported to the slides in your project.

Templates Project Professional
Use project templates that provide the greatest experts in the field to contribute instructionally sound without compromising the structure.

Customizable Widgets
Create learning experiences more compelling with the addition of widgets such as games and question types. Widgets can be created in Adobe Flash® Professional software, easily shared through Adobe Exchange, and to meet their needs for content

Round Workflow PowerPoint
Existing Microsoft PowerPoint 2007 (pptx format) slides into their projects. Importing audio with slides and interactive, easily updated content, and keep your files in PowerPoint and Adobe captivate synchronization dynamics associated with the import option

Table Of Contents And Aggregator
Allow students to easily navigate through content and track your progress with a multi-Table of Contents. Also use the new aggregator to combine multiple modules of content to create a complete e-learning course.

Text To Speech Functionality
Stay tuned content to students through the automatic feature that converts voice to text voice quality in a few clicks. Need to change the text? Just click once to update the audio.

Variables And Advanced Actions
Use variables to personalize the learning experience through the use of data provided by the student, the student's name, over a stage. Actions to use more advanced setup and change the experience of action to allow conditional, or more than one action in an interaction.

Expansion Of Output Options
Adobe captivate movies Insert Adobe PDF files to enliven the text-based instructional content, or embed in your movies using Adobe  Flex ActionScript 3.0 publication. Output AVI files for streaming on the web or publishing on

Adobe Photoshop layer
Preserve layers in imported Adobe Photoshop  (PSD) files so you can easily edit or animate the image areas on the right end only.

Streamlined Workflow And Ease Of Use
Enjoy workflow and usability enhancements, including online editing of text captions, support for the pan to optimize viewing on small screens and devices, and support of right-click on simulations.