Professional Lock Picking - Basic and Advanced Techniques DVD

(Excellent video quality, just over 1 hour long)


This DVD is arguably the most successful DVD ever produced to teach basic and advanced lock picking. The producer of this DVD has trained thousands of locksmith apprentices, not to mention state and federal law enforcement agents, how to pick locks using basic and advanced lock opening techniques. Most students are able to open a majority of locks effectively in just a few hours, and with regular practice can become masters at lock picking in a very short time.

You’ll also learn how to use lock pick guns and vibrating picks (aka electric lock picks) when you encounter a difficult lock that is resistant to picking with standard lock picks. These tools are amazingly effective once you understand the tricks and techniques that make them most effective. This DVD will give you that knowledge.

Many of the techniques and tricks revealed on the DVD are performed with cutaway locks so you can see exactly how the techniques work inside a lock. This will give you an instant understanding of how the methods work. This type of training is infinitely better than learning to pick locks by just "following the motions" that are taught in many other training materials.

Why waste time and money learning the hard way when you can have a true expert show you the lock picking techniques and closely-guarded secrets of master locksmiths? Let the Basic and Advanced Lock Picking Techniques DVD prevent countless hours of frustration and boredom trying to learn the art and science of lock picking the hard way. Learning to pick locks is fun and easy with this fascinating, information-packed DVD. This is the BEST professional lock picking training DVD we've ever come across.

This is a video that locksmiths and law-enforcement *really* don't want you to see.

Obviously, I am only posting this for educational purposes but if you *do* decide to apply what you've learned and make a killing as a burglar, I'll expect my cut...let's say, oh...50%? OK, 40%...30%, it's gotta be worth 30%...shit, I never should have uploaded this video...20% and that's my final offer...