Sarah and Jillian have been best friends for so long they can't remember when their friendship started. Growing up in the small town of Goshen, Indiana the two girls couldn't be more different. Sarah is a star pupil and athlete, a 100-watt-bulb in a five-watt-town, while Jillian is star mischief-maker, a 100lbs-of-trouble in a five-pound-bag. Although both girls long to be break free of the small-town life, Jillian is the first to act, revealing to Sarah that she has been meeting men on-line with the sole purpose of finding someone who will "take her away from this place". Soon thereafter, she disappears leaving Sarah with only a journal and a cryptic video message sent from her cell-phone. Sarah soon discovers that the town would rather forget that Jillian had ever existed. Distraught, she delves into the secrets surrounding her disappearance. Aided by, Jasper, the resident computer geek who secretly adores her, the two plunge head-long into Goshen's dark secrets -- uncovering corrupt police, jilted boyfriends, a mother driven mad by loss, and an unsolved string of child abductions. The final truth they unearth will rock the town to its foundations.

Cast
Anna Kendrick	... 	Sarah
Paul Wesley	... 	Billy
Tania Raymonde	... 	Jillian
Chuck Carter	... 	Jasper
Olivia Dawn York	... 	Darla Tod
Jeffrey Daniel Phillips	... 	Officer Berg
Shannon Holt	... 	Patty Melville
Kinna McInroe	... 	Candy
Jon Gries	... 	Mr. Tod
Dan Flannery	... 	Mr. Palomino
Suzanne Lang	... 	Maureen
Eddie Martinez	... 	Jonas
Joshua Swanson	... 	Chris
Holi Tavernier	... 	Janet Melville
Pasquale Chase Rulli	... 	Billy's Customer

IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0874271/

Video:
Length: 1:46:11
Frame Width: 1280px
Frame Height: 720px
Bitrate: 2237/kbps
Frame Rate: 23/fps
Size: 1.66GB

Audio:
Bitrate: 237/kbps
Channels: 6

Tested and works on PS3

Please Say Thanks And SEED!

SCREENS: 
http://bayimg.com/laNdNaAcL 
http://bayimg.com/lANdoAacL 
http://bayimg.com/landpaacl