Third album from The Great Park.

This was released on the tiny DIY Woodland Recordings record label in 2007. It has been sold out for a long time and so we wish to share it with anyone that wants it for free.

Folder includes mp3's and some photographs taken around the time of the recording.

Track details below

•

THE GREAT PARK
'I Do Wrong' WR008

01. Eversince
02. Coastal Path
03. Bedlam
04. I Do Wrong
05. The Makings Of A Great Night In
06. Trouble
07. In Another Life God Was Kind You Were Taken Away But You Did Come Back
08. You Have Painted A Cross On My Ceiling

All songs written by Stephen Burch.

Recorded in summer and winter 2008 by Stephen Burch and Laurence Collyer at the Ark in Brighton.

Also playing:
Lewis Shaw, Vicky Steer, Sam Collins, Lawry Joseph Tilbury, Gemma Williams, Ridder, Amy Phipps, Zoe John, Rob White. Thank you x

The Great Park 
http://www.thegreatpark.co.uk

Woodland Recordings 
http://www.woodlandrecordings.com


•

Stephen Burch was born in the south of England, but spent most of his early life traveling around before his family settled in rural Ireland. On their farm is an old abandoned cottage, nearly collapsed but with one room dry and warm enough to make music in.

A vintage acoustic guitar and the family's upright piano, brooms, pots and metal chains. Images of fields, of farm houses, animals, pursuit and escape - characters appear and reappear in different places - dense journey songs - the unifying theme is that of grave drama and possibility within 'The Great Park'.

(Stephen Burch wurde im Süden von England geboren, verbrachte jedoch den größten Teil seines frühen Lebens damit, herum zu reisen, bevor seine Familie sich im ländlichen Irland niederließ. Auf ihrer Farm steht eine verlassene Hütte, die beinahe in sich zusammenfällt, aber ein Zimmer birgt, das trocken und warm genug ist, um Musik darin zu machen.

Eine klassische Akkustikgitarre und das Klavier der Familie, Bürsten, Töpfe und Metallketten. Bilder von Feldern, Bauernhäusern, Tieren, Verfolgung und Flucht -- Charaktere erscheinen und tauchen an verschiedenen Orten wieder auf -- dichte Reiselieder -- die einenden Motive sind die von todernstem Drama und Möglichkeiten innerhalb des 'Great Park'.)


"Intimate morose folk songs, rooted in a strange personal world of fields and birds and love and persecution." (Southcoasting blog')

"...this is a journey, a misadventurer's odyssey; it's vivid, it's elemental and the wounds are exposed. The road is pitted and merciless, stark and unyielding. The engrossing imagery will draw you in and repeated listening reveals new musical and lyrical nuances." (Nigel Johnson)

•

Enjoy - and please comment if you do.