Ergo Proxy is a science fiction suspense anime television series, produced by Manglobe, which premiered across Japan on 25 February 2006 on the WOWOW satellite network. It is directed by Shukō Murase, with screenplay by Dai Satō et al.. Ergo Proxy features a combination of 2D digital cel animation, 3D computer modeling, and digital special effects. The series features cyberpunk, steampunk, and gothic  elements, and focuses heavily on the psychology and mentality of its protagonists




Plot

The story begins in a futuristic domed city called Romdeau, built to protect its citizens after a global ecological disaster. In this utopia, humans and AutoReivs (androids) coexist peacefully under a total management system. A series of murders committed by robots and AutoReivs infected with the Cogito virus (which causes them to become self-aware) begins to threaten the delicate balance of Romdeau's social order. Behind the scenes, the government has been conducting secret experiments on a mysterious humanoid life form called a "Proxy". The Proxy beings (described as God-like and Immortal) are believed to hold the key to the survival of mankind.

Re-l (pronounced "Rielle", also represented by the spelling "REAL" in the Romdeau citizen database) Mayer is assigned to investigate some of the murders with her AutoReiv partner, Iggy. She encounters a Cogito virus-infected AutoReiv and a fast and flexible monster. She later learns that the monster was a Proxy. The other central character, an immigrant named Vincent Law, is revealed to be connected in some ways with this proxy. After being hunted down, Vincent lives for a while on the outside of the dome. He later leaves for Mosque, his birthplace, in an attempt to recover his memories. Re-l rejoins him to try to discover the truth behind the Proxies and the domes.[vague]

In the domed city of Romdeau (and possibly in other domed cities), various sections of the 'government' are referred to as Bureaux: the Intelligence Bureau, the Health & Welfare Bureau, and the Security Bureau, among others.

The AutoReivs are referred to as either 'Companion' or 'Entourage', depending on their role.

The humans in the city are grown in artificial wombs, but this appears to be more of a form of control over the population rather than an absolute necessity. Likewise, when a new person is grown, they are done so to fulfill a specific purpose, thus ensuring that person's future place in society through a "raison d'être" (i.e., a "reason for being").