Released October 1971 
Recorded Summer 1971 
Genre folk rock 
Label Pegasus Records 
Producer Sandy Roberton, Ashley Hutchings 

Shirley Elizabeth Collins MBE (born 5 July 1935, Hastings, Sussex, England) is a significant contributor to the English Folk Revival of the 1950s and 1960s. She often performed and recorded with her sister Dolly, whose accompaniment on piano and portative organ created unique settings for her sister's plain, austere singing style.

No Roses is an album by Shirley Collins and the Albion Country Band. It was recorded at Sound Techniques, and Air Studios in London, in the summer of 1971. It was produced by Sandy Roberton and Ashley Hutchings (Shirley Collins' husband at the time). It was released in October 1971 on the Pegasus label.

It is very unusual to have 27 musicians and singers on an album of traditional folk songs. It happened because people simply dropped in during recording sessions and were asked to join in. At the time, the most unusual sound was the hurdy-gurdy, now heard much more frequently. "The Murder of Maria Marten" is broken into segments, with a heavy-rock alternating with Shirley's voice accompanied by a simple drone. Shirley had used a similar technique on "One Night As I Lay on My Bed" on "Adieu To Old England".

 Personnel
Shirley Collins - vocals 
Ashley Hutchings - electric bass guitar 
Richard Thompson - electric guitar, acoustic 12-string guitar 
Maddy Prior - vocals 
Colin Ross - Northumbrian small pipes 
Simon Nicol - electric guitar 
Lal and Mike Waterson - vocals 
Royston Wood - vocals 
Barry Dransfield - fiddle 
Dave Bland - concertina, hammer dulcimer 
Ian Whiteman - piano 
Roger Powell - drums 
Lol Coxhill - alto saxophone 
Alan Cave - bassoon 
Tony Hall - melodeon 
Dave Mattacks - sticks, drums 
Dolly Collins - piano 
John Kirkpatrick - accordion 
Nic Jones - vocals and fiddle 
Tim Renwick - electric guitar, acoustic 12-string guitar 
Francis Baines - hurdy-gurdy 
Alan Lumsden - ophicleide 
Steve Migden - French horn 
Trevor Crozier - Jew's harp 
[edit] Track listing
Claudy Banks (Trad, from Ron and Bob Copper) 
Little Gipsy Girl (Trad) 
Banks of The Bann (Trad) 
Murder of Maria Marten (Trad) 
Van Dieman's Land (Trad) 
Just As The Tide Was A'Flowing (Trad) 
White Hare (Trad) 
Hal-An-Tow (Trad) 
Poor Murdered Woman (Trad) 
