File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Your Love Is My Drug" is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha, from her debut album, Animal. The song was released as the album's third single on May 21, 2010. The song was written by Kesha, Pebe Sebert, with Ammo, who co-produced the song with Dr. Luke and Benny Blanco. "Your Love Is My Drug"'s initial writing took place during a plane ride. Kesha stated the song had a carefree message and wasn't meant to be taken too seriously.

Critical reception of the song has been mixed to positive. Critics complimented the hook but had mixed reactions with the chorus. Some praised Kesha for knowing her way around a strong pop chorus, while others called it predictable and dull. Prior to the release of Animal, the song charted in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada. Since being released as a single it has gone on to reach the top five in Australia and the United States, as well as reaching the top ten in Canada. It has gone on to sell over two million copies in the US alone.

Kesha performed the song alongside "Tik Tok" on the thirty-fifth season of Saturday Night Live where she was covered in glow in the dark tribal-like make-up. In the music video, Kesha is portrayed in the desert while being chased around by her love interest. The main idea behind the video is being so in love with someone that you lose your head, comparable to love being a drug. The video features a digital animation aspect which was inspired by the Beatles' Yellow Submarine.

The music video for the song was directed by Honey. It was shot on April 6 and April 7, 2010 in the Lancaster, California desert. The video premiered on Vevo at 12:01 a.m. on May 13, 2010. Kesha described the concept behind the video in an interview, "I wanted it to be like a psychedelic trip of the mind, comparable with being so disgustingly in love with someone that you lose your head." When asked about the inspiration for the video, she said "This video was inspired by the Beatles' Yellow Submarine movie, the animation aspect. There's a little bit of [that] in there too".

The video begins with Kesha waking up next to her love interest; she then proceeds to run away while being chased by the man. They are later seen on a boat singing while digitally animated water is added, it then cuts to a scene of all animation. The video then cuts to another scene where Kesha is covered in glow in the dark body paint while dancing around in a cave with a python around her neck. The video ends with Kesha and her lover sitting around a campfire while still in the desert.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/