 http://bayimg.com/KaOHfAaCL

BBC Play of the Month The Millionairess (1972)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068949/

Based on the George Bernard Shaw play, The Millionairess follows the exploits of the rich Epifania (Maggie Smith). Epifania is in an interesting position because her father's will says that she must not marry unless the man can turn $150 into fifty thousand dollars in six months. This isn't a problem until she meets an Egyptian doctor (Tom Baker, Doctor Who). His mother insists that he can't marry a woman unless she can make her own living for six months starting with only 35 pence. Both must overcome challenges to share their love.

 Maggie Smith ...  Epifania 
 Avril Angers ...  Woman 
 Tom Baker ...  Dr. Ahmed el Kabir 
 Peter Barkworth ...  Julius Sagamore 
 John Garrie ...  Man 
 Charles Gray ...  Adrian Blenderbland 
 Priscilla Morgan ...  Patricia Smith 
 Donald Pickering ...  Manager 
 James Villiers ...  Alastair Fitzfassenden 

Fast-paced despite a 100-minute running time, The Millionairess is perfectly suited to the unique talents of Maggie Smith, even if the political moralizing of the final act, combined with the somewhat sentimental take on marriage make for a sticky union. The first act of The Millionairess is Maggie Smith in her prime, raging and preening at the same time as she deliciously spits out the Shavian insults to the amused Barkworth. Throughout the play, the ping-ponging Shavian word play is deftly knocked about by Smith, who clearly relishes the chance to exercise her quick wits and flash-powder, pyrotechnical flourishes. Barkworth, a marvelous supporting player always seen in the background of British films (who also had a solid theatrical career), is every bit as engaging as the sanguine Sagamore, so much so that I missed their repartee throughout the rest of the film.

Charles Gray, playing the type of role he often was stuck with, is amusing as always (looking like the Cheshire Cat when he sticks that square jaw out of his and slits up his sardonic eyes), while Tom Baker (famous for playing Doctor Who) does at times bring Dr. el Kabir off more like his Rasputin turn in Nicholas and Alexandria rather than as a typically Shavian male jouster. Directed by William Slater, The Millionairess does takes some missteps when it tries to "open up" the play, particularly an ill-advised photo montage sequence (set to supposedly "madcap" jazz) that's intended to bridge the time between Epifania's acceptance of Dr. Ahmed's challenge, and her completion of the task (I've seen these photo montages in other BBC productions from this period, and I suspect they were considered convenient cost-cutter solutions for dramatic problems). But overall, it's an agreeably feisty romp with Smith at the top of her game, even though admittedly it's not top-flight Shaw (nobody who's ever been married buys Shaw's defense of the institution at the end of the play).


