1/ Install But Don't Run The  Program Just Yet.

2/ Copy The Crack File From The "Crack" Folder Over To "Real Hide IP's" Installation Folder, Replacing/Overwriting The Original File.

Installation Folder By Default Is:

For 32Bit Users It's   C:/Program Files/Hide My IP
For 64Bit Users Its    C:/Program Files (x86)/Hide My IP

3/ Restart Your PC And Run The Program And Enjoy.....

Brought To You By blaze69 .......




Real Hide IP 

Real Hide IP - Hide Your IP to Protect Your Privacy

Are you aware that your IP address is exposed every time you visit a website? Do you know that many websites and hackers use your IP address to monitor your home address and other personal information?

Real Hide IP allows you to surf anonymously, keep your IP address hidden, protect your personal information against hackers and provide full encryption of your online activity, all with a simple click of a button.

Key Features

    * Hide Your Real IP Address
      Be assigned fake IP addresses from different countries to conceal your real IP.
    * Anonymous Web Surfing
      Surf anonymously with fake IP, whenever you want to.
    * Protect Your Identity Against Hackers
      Protect you from hackers and identity thieves who will be tricked by your fake IP.
    * Un-ban Yourself from Forums or Restricted Websites
      Real Hide IP allows you to access any forums, blogs or websites that have ever banned you.
    * Prevent Websites from Tracking Your Online Activities
      Hide your real IP when you are surfing the Internet to prevent you from being tracked by websites.

How It Works

When connecting to the Internet, your home computer is assigned a public IP address by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP address is an Internet Protocol address, a unique identifying number. It is used to identify all the different computers and websites on the Internet, and it could be used to track your communications with all websites or programs that connect to the Internet. This is known as Direct Internet Connection.

If you run Real Hide IP on your computer, it will modify your Internet Connection Settings and use an anonymous Proxy Server which acts as an intermediary between a home network and the rest of the Internet and makes requests for Internet information on your behalf, using its own IP address instead of yours.

Real Hide IP is compatible with many web browsers such as Internet Explorer, FireFox, Opera, Maxthon, MyIE browsers.  All websites visited or E-mails sent using these browsers will show you are connecting from one of our fake IP addresses.

Real Hide IP
Version: 3.6.3.8
Size: 1.53 MB
Date: Jun 7, 2010
Platform: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
