   05/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Lua/Custom
             1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy
 
                  Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
 ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Ű ß˛ Űßß˛ Ű   ˛ ˛ß Ü Ű Ű  ˛ ˛ß   Ű  ˛ ßßßŰ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                   ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß
 Absolute Power gives players all-new options to rule as an unscrupulous
 tyrant or benevolent elder statesmen as they decide how to run their very own
 tropical island paradise. A successful and lucrative term in office is the
 goal! Absolute Power is packed with new missions, new islands and a whole
 host of new gameplay features.
 Features
 * New campaign featuring 10 missions on a separate map with 10 islands
   which   are also available in sandbox mode
 * New buildings (including Garbage Dump, Marina, Small Garage, Children's  
   Playground, and more...) and a new buildings category for current and new
     decorations with individual icon models
 * New Megalomania Edicts - demonstrate your absolute power by ordering the  
    construction of a huge golden statue of Tropico's top export, declaring
   an   annual festival dedicated to yourself or even print your own money!
 * Six New Landmarks  build huge decorations and structures which dominate  
   the island landscape and make each island unique.
 * New Faction - The Loyalist Faction are your die-hard supporters and want  
    no elections (since El Presidente is obviously the best candidate) and
   want a   statue on every corner!
 * Faction Disasters - Low standing with any island faction will trigger new
     disasters if not addressed
 * New Intro and Win/Lose Cutscenes
 * Four Additional Avatar Costumes  Two for male and two for female avatars
 * Beautification upgrades for the presidential palace including rooftop  
   pool, extra towers, flags, banners and a larger balcony (which will
   increase   the effects of balcony speeches)
 * More icons displaying the status of buildings and displaying input/output
     storage numbers for selected buildings
 * Prevalent Faction - In every sandbox game one faction is chosen as  
   "prevalent" on the island. Members of this faction will be especially
   numerous   throughout the entire game and their satisfaction will be more
   important than   usual
 * More radio announcements to guide you through Tropico's daily life
 * Gravel Roads  A second type of road for rural areas with decreased travel
     speed
            ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ˛ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ˛   ˛   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ˛ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
 ßßßßßßßßßß Ű Ű  ˛ ßßßŰ Ű  Ü Űßß˛ Ű   Ű   Ű  ˛ Ű  ˛ Ű  Ü ˛ß Ü ßßßŰ ßßßßßßßßßß
            ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß
 1. Unrar.
 2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the addon. The original Tropico 3 is required.
 4. Copy over the cracked content and when prompted for serial,
    use: RRRRR-RRRRR-RRRRR-RRRRR-RRRRR.
 5. Play the game.