nERv




Anno 1404: Venice (c) Ubisoft
Solidshield +
02/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Activation
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy



Anno 1404: Venice is the add-on for Anno 1404, the acclaimed real-time
strategy and simulation game released earlier this year. Anno 1404: Venice
will combine the signature gameplay mechanics of Anno 1404 and the richness
of the Venetian culture. In addition, gamers will now be able to play Anno
1404 with their friends thanks to the new online multiplayer mode.
Experience the award-winning combination of city building, commerce,
discovery, diplomacy and combat. Create your own nation with a unique blend
of simulation and real-time strategy. Journey across the globe to explore,
trade and learn technologies to expand your empire and to make your own
history. With its extensive and immersive campaign, Anno 1404 guarantees
never-ending gaming fun for novices and experts alike.
Click here to find all the Anno games
Features
* New Venetian Setting:  The rich Anno 1404 environment is complemented
with a new Venetian setting offering new possibilities of interaction.
Build two new Venetian ship types: the small and big tradesman cog.
Develop secret cabinets, infiltrate your enemies and sabotage their
expansion. Take control over enemy cities thanks to your influence in the
cities#146; council board.
* Multiplayer: Multiplayer-Mode for up to 4 players or Coop-Mode for up to
8 players.
* New Challenges and Quests: Up to 60 new items and 300 new quests with two
new mission types: trading race and ship boarding. Discover and exploit a
new type of island, the Volcano island. New scenarios to face new
challenges with new achievements, medals and quests.



1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game. This is an addon, and requires the original Anno 1404.
We recommend a clean install.
4. Use our keygen found in the /Crack dir on the DVD to activate the game
in manual offline mode.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!