Unreported World - Guatemala Riding with the Devil 2009 10 23 Ch 4



File Name .............: Unreported World S18E05 - Guatemala Riding with the Devil(23 October 2009)



232.85 MB/ 23:53.68mn / XviD





Unreported World visits Guatemala where reporter Seyi Rhodes's film becomes a snapshot of a society sliding into violent chaos. One hundred and four bus drivers have been shot this year in Guatemala. They're an easy target for organized crime gangs who extort up to a million dollars a year from the bus companies. Even if the drivers pay the gangs' demands, they're often shot anyway. Headquarters of the extortion rackets? The country's El Boqueron prison



Bus drivers in Guatemala City are being murdered at a rate of one every other day as part of a campaign of extortion that threatens to bring the city to its knees. Extortion is the main source of income for Guatemala's criminal gangs, earning them millions of dollars a year, and the drivers are killed to instil fear as the gangs maintain their grip on the city.



....

The extortion of buses began nine years ago. The gangs send mobile phones to the bus drivers or company owners, which they then call, demanding payment. Over the years, these gangs have evolved into highly organized criminal networks, which infiltrate the bus companies in order to protect their interests.

.....

The crew arrive at the scene of another bus shooting, where the driver's wife passes out when she realizes what has happened. The driver's colleagues are so angry they block Calle Martí, one of the main routes out of Guatemala City, in protest. The result is total chaos.



Extortion is so lucrative for the gangs they don't stop at the bus companies. Practically any business in Guatemala City is a target. There's nothing the government can do to end this culture of violence that has become part of everyday life in Guatemala City. Extortion is expected and murder accepted.

.......


 
http://www.channel4.com/programmes/unreported-w...s-2009/episode-15









Source: http://www.thebox.bz/details.php?id=96351

Cap: geclipse

Other shunster posts