Storyteller's Rain - Storyteller's Rain 


Year: 2000
Genre: Progressive Metal | art rock
Country: Germany
Format: MP3 @320  
Size: 168 Mb


1. Intro (The Storyteller)
2. The Evil In Me
3. A Ghost Called Fame
4. Sokrates The Kid
5. Flatlands
6. No One Goin 'Somewhere
7. To Forget What We Know
8. Thunder Rain & Lighting
9. The Prayer
10. Conversations In A Cuban Restaurant Somewhere South Of Heaven And North Of Hell
11. Private Radio
12. Whenever You Cry
13. The Endless Mile
14. Outro (The Storyteller Part II)
Length: 60.13


Mike Terrana - Drums, percussion 
Ferdy Doernberg - Vocal, guitar, keys, dobro, accordeon, trumpet, mandolin 
Ralf Schwertner - Bass guitar, trombone, harmonica, back-vocal 


 Special guest stars
Ralf Mehwald - Back-vocal 
Frank Peters - Back-vocal 
Anke Hansen - Back-vocal 
Andrea Schwartz - Back-vocal 
Thomas Ludolphy - Back-vocal 
David Palm - Tambourine 
Ecki Hudepohl 'Honky Tonk' - Clavinet 
Curt Doernberg - Tablas 
Hilmer Staacke - Guitar 
Tobias Exxel 'Eggi' - Guitar 
Nils Wunderlich - Guitar, back-vocal 
Gabi Palm - Didgeridoo, sound effects 
Jorg Ohlsen - Violin, fiddles 
Martin Huch - Guitar, back-vocal 
Uli Kusch 'Patrick Duval' voice 
Thomas Such 'Tom Angelripper' - Vocal, back-vocal 
Michael Weikath - Guitar 
Roland Grapow - Sitar, guitar 
Axel Rudi Pell - Guitar

Storyteller's  Rain name of a rock musical written by Ferdy Doernberg-ohm, 
keyboardist, guitarist and author of the German epic-metal group Rough Silk, 
also known as the party side projects and studio musician for aktovtipa 
AXEL RUDI PELL, TOM ANGELRIPPER, solo projects, members of 
Helloween Roland Grapow, Uli Kusch, Michael Weikath and Markus Grosskopf and 
METALIUM, the last work he performed - help on the new album Seven Witches. The lyrical concept - it is 12 stories with philosophical and ironic intonations - unification of the main character, so-called Storyteller-ohm. Music should be a history of changing all the time - elements of progressive rock, classical, jazz, heavy metal, folk, country and others. A lot of unusual acoustic instruments like violin, sitar, digeridoo, trumpet, trombone, or zither, you can also hear on the album. Even as a solo project and Doernberg-STORYTELLER'S RAIN - also the name of the group consisting of Ferdy Doernberg, Ralf Schwertner and Mike Terrana. There are also many guest musicians like Axel Rudi Pell, Roland Grapow and Michae Weikath (HELLOWEEN), Tom Angelripper (SODOM), Thomas Ludolphy, Nils Wunderlich and Curt Doernberg (ROUDG SILK), Martin Huch (HEINZ RUDOLF KUNZE) and Tobias Eggsel (EDGUY) appear on the album. At the 10-minute track "To forget what we know" drummer HELLOWEEN Uli Kusch debut as a vocalist. Album was produced Ferdi Doernberg in his own studio and Droehnwerk Silvertone Studio in 
Hannover, Germany. Art works were executed Jan Koppens, who also did 
"Wheels Of Time"-album ROUGH SILK. 