NO COUNTRY FOR 
OLD MEN DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x272[full screen]
runtime 121:34mins
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

cast

Josh Brolin
Javier Bardem
Tommy Lee Jones
Kelly Macdonald
Woody Harrelson

Plot

West Texas in June 1980 is desolate, wide-open country, and Ed Tom Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) laments the increasing violence in a region where he, like his father before him, has risen to the office of sheriff. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin), hunting pronghorn, comes across the aftermath of a drug deal gone awry: a collection of corpses, a wounded Mexican begging for water, and two million dollars in a satchel that he stashes under his trailer home. Unable to sleep from pangs of conscience, Moss returns with water for the dying man. Discovered by a pair in a jeep, he's chased on foot into the river and loses his truck. Still, he manages to grab the cash, send his wife Carla Jean (Kelly MacDonald) to her mother's, and make his way to a nearby motel where he hides the satchel in the air vent of his room.

Hitman Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem) has been hired to recover the money. He's already strangled a sheriff's deputy to escape custody and stolen a car by using a captive bolt pistol to kill the driver. Now he traces the money via a radio transponder concealed inside the satchel to Moss's hideout. Bursting into the room at night, Chigurh surprises a group of Mexicans set to ambush Moss and murders them all. Searching for the money, Chigurh removes the vent cover with a dime and realizes someone has already made off with the cash.

Tracking the transponder to a border town hotel, Chigurh's pursuit climaxes in a firefight with Moss that spills onto the streets, leaving both men badly wounded. Moss flees across the border, collapsing from his injuries and waking up in a Mexican hospital. There Carson Wells (Woody Harrelson), another hired operative, offers to save Moss's life in return for the money.

After Chigurh cleans and stitches his own leg wounds with stolen supplies, he gets the drop on Wells back at his hotel and kills him just as Moss calls the room. Picking up the phone and carefully avoiding the blood on the floor, Chigurh offers to spare Carla Jean for the money. Moss is defiant.

Moss arranges to rendezvous with his wife in El Paso to give her the money and send her out of harm’s way. The hunted and the hunters converge on a motel in El Paso, but Bell and Carla Jean do not arrive until after Moss is dead in a shootout. That night, Bell returns to Moss's motel room to find the door lock blown out, Chigurh-style. Chigurh hides behind the door of a motel room, observing the shifting light through an empty lock hole. His gun drawn, Bell enters Moss's room and notices that the vent cover has been removed with a dime and the vent is empty.

Bell visits his Uncle Ellis (Barry Corbin), an ex-lawman. Bell plans to retire because he feels "overmatched," but Ellis points out that the region has always been violent. For Ellis, thinking it's "all waiting on you, that's vanity."

Carla Jean returns from her mother's funeral to find Chigurh lying in wait. He recalls the pledge he made to her husband that could have spared her, then offers her a coin toss for her life. She will not play, instead reminding him that the choice is his alone. Leaving the house by himself, Chigurh carefully checks the soles of his boots. As he drives away, Chigurh is injured in a car accident; his left arm is badly broken. He manages to leave the scene before the police arrive.

Now retired, Bell shares two dreams with his wife (Tess Harper), both involving his deceased father. In the first dream he lost "some money" that his father had given him; in the second dream, he and his father were riding horses through a snowy mountain pass. His father, who was carrying fire in a horn, quietly passed by Bell with his head down and was "going on ahead, and fixin' to make a fire" in the surrounding dark and cold. When Bell got there, he knew his father would be waiting. Then he woke up.

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0477348/


PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS
