Diana Krall - Live in Paris [Original Recordings Group 180g DoLP] 24-bit/96kHz 
Posted By : aksman | Date : 10 Mar 2010 17:24:34 |


Diana Krall - Live in Paris
Original Recordings Group 180g DoLP / ORG 003
Mastered by Bernie Grundman @ Grundman Mastering, Hollywood
Vinyl rip in 24-bit/96kHz | FLAC | cue, m3u & Log
Artwork | 1.4 gb/450 mb incl. recovery | RS & FF | Jazz | 2002

Rated by Soundstage.com: 5 out of 5 for Recording Quality! Review!

	A favorite of audiophiles because her music and voice lend themselves to purist recording techniques, Diana Krall perpetually sounds in great form on her recordings... The sound, remastered by Bernie Grundman, is clear, spacious and well defined -- outstanding in every way, the backing players as vivid as Kralls voice and piano.
- Marc Mickelson/Soundstage.com
	



	Recorded live at the Paris Olympia, Live in Paris offers listeners Diana Kralls understanding of the musical techniques of composition, piano, and vocal improvisation on 12 songs from the Great American Songbooks of Cole Porter,Harold Arlen, George and Ira Gershwin, and contemporary artists Joni Mitchell and Billy Joel. Accompanied by the award-winning Anthony Wilson on guitar, John Pisano on acoustic guitar, John Clayton on bass, Jeff Hamilton on drums, and Paulinho Da Costa on percussion as well as the Orchestra Symphonies European on *Lets Fall in Love* and *I've Got You Under My Skin*, the lovely vocalist heightens your listening pleasures with distinctive phrasings and tangible pathways to inside the creative imagination by getting inside harmony, the changes, and melodic structures. On Joel's *Just the Way You Are,* Krall is accompanied by Christian McBride on bass, Michael Brecker on tenor saxophone, Lewis Nash on drums, and Wilson on guitar, among others. This song also resides on the soundtrack to the film The Guru and is probably one of the best ballads on the set due to the great solo from Brecker. His powerful but sensitive playing adds the ultimate expression and approach to the melody - one with attitudinal preparation, which is always necessary for a song that has such familiarity and association with another musician. For those who may not have heard Krall perform *live,* this recording will give you a firsthand account of the ambience and excitement of a musical evening with her.
- Paula Edelstein/AMG


Track listing:

Sida A:

      I Love Being Here With You (Peggy Lee, William Schluger) – 5:12
      Let's Fall in Love (Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler) – 4:34
      Deed I Do (Walter Hirsch, Fred Rose) – 5:17


Side B:

      The Look of Love (Burt Bacharach, Hal David) – 5:00
      East of the Sun (and West of the Moon)" (Brooks Bowman) – 5:58
      I've Got You Under My Skin" (Cole Porter) – 7:24


Side C:

      Devil May Care (Bob Dorough, Terrell Kirk) – 6:52
      Maybe You'll Be There (Rube Bloom, Sammy Gallop) – 5:47
      'S Wonderful (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 5:59


Side D:

      Fly Me to the Moon (Bart Howard) – 6:05
      A Case of You (Joni Mitchell) – 7:04
      Just the Way You Are (Billy Joel) – 5:00



Personnel

      Diana Krall - piano, vocals, Fender Rhodes
      Michael Brecker - tenor saxophone
      Alan Broadbent - conductor
      John Clayton - bass
      Paulinho Da Costa - percussion
      Jeff Hamilton - drums
      Christian McBride - bass
      Rob Mounsey - keyboard
      Lewis Nash - drums
      John Pisano - acoustic guitar
      Luis Quintero - percussion
      Anthony Wilson - guitar

      Production

      Producer: Tommy LiPuma
      Engineer: Al Schmitt
      Music direction: Alan Broadbent


Technical Log

RCM Hannl limited with Rotating Brush
Music Hall MMF 9.1 Turntable
Tonearm: Pro-Ject 9cc evo with Pure Silver Wires
Cartridge: Nagaoka MP-500
Brocksieper Phonomax (Tube Phono PreAmp)
E-MU 0404 external USB 2.0 Audiointerface
Interconnections : Silent Wire NF5
Wavelab 5 recording software
iZotope RX Advanced 1.21 for redbook convertion

Vacuum cleaning - TT > Belari - Laptop - Wavelab 5.01 (24/96) - manual click removal - analyze (no clipping, no DC Bias offset) - split into individual Tracks - FLAC encoded (Vers. 1.21)

No silence been removed, please burn gapless to match original tracklayout.