My previous version of this upload proved to be highly popular, so now I've added one very valuable 3-volume book:


1 Mathematics: Its Content, Methods and Meaning (A. D. Aleksandrov, A. N. Kolmogorov, M. A. Lavrent’ev; 1956)

Hailed by The New York Times Book Review as "...nothing less than a major contribution to the scientific culture of this world," this major survey features the work of 18 outstanding mathematicians. Primary subjects include analytic geometry, algebra, ordinary and partial differential equations, the calculus of variations, functions of a complex variable, prime numbers, and theories of probability and functions. Other topics include linear and non-Euclidean geometry, topology, functional analysis, and more.


2 Mathematics: A Concise History and Philosophy (W.S. Anglin, 1996)

Mathematics is a wonderfully austere science, but it also has a very human side. It is embedded in a colorful history filled with extraordinary personalities, deep philosophical debates, and breath-taking advances in knowledge. This book offers a brief but penetrating synopsis of that history.
This book includes many detailed explanations of important mathematical procedures actually used by famous mathematicians. This gives the reader an opportunity to learn the history and philosophy of mathematics by way of problem solving. For example, there is a careful treatment of topics such as unit fractions, perfect numbers, linear Diophantine equations, Euclidean construction, Euclidean proofs, the circle area formula, the Pell equation, cubic equations, log table construction, the four-square theorem, quaternions, and Cantor's set theory. Several important philosophical topics such as infinity and Platonism, are pursued throughout the text.
This book is written as an undergraduate textbook, but it is intended for anyone who wants to understand how mathematics grows out of, and nourishes, the total human experience.


3 Introduction to Mathematical Physics (Charles Harper, 1976)

The chief aim of this book is to provide undergraduate students, who have a working knowledge of differential and integral calculus, with most of the mathematical prerequisites required for the study of classical and quantum mechanics, electromagnetism, statistical thermodynamics, and special and general relativity as well as other areas of physics, chemistry, applied mathematics, and engineering. The selected topics are based on my estimation of what is essential for undergraduate students in these areas and on the frequency with which these topics occur in physical applications.


4 Fundamental Formulas of Physics (Donald H. Menzel, 1960)

A comprehensive reference book on the fundamental formulas of mathematical physics. It covers statistics, nomograms, physical constants, classical mechanics, special and general theories of relativity, hydro- and aerodynamics, boundary value problems in mathematical physics, heat and thermodynamics, statistical mechanics, kinetic theory of gases, viscosity, thermal conductions, electromagnetism, and much more. Also deals with certain cross-field disciplines where physics touches upon chemistry, astronomy, meteorology, biology, and electronics.
A great resource for any hard-core science cirriculum. This book may not be a page-turner for some; however, it does provide invaluable information and is an easy to understand compliment to most physics classes.


5 All You Wanted to Know about Mathematics but Were Afraid to Ask (Louis Lyons, 1995)

Physics and engineering students need a clear understanding of mathematics in order to solve a vast array of problems posed to them in coursework. Unfortunately, in many textbooks, mathematical proofs and techniques obscure a fundamental understanding of the physical principles. In a clear and didactic manner, this book explains to the student why particular advanced mathematical techniques are useful for solving certain problems. The aim is to convey a deeper appreciation of mathematical methods that are applicable to physics and engineering through a discussion of a wide range of real physical problems. The topics covered include simultaneous equations, three-dimensional geometry and vectors, complex numbers, differential equations, partial derivatives, Taylor series, and Lagrange multipliers.


6 Mathematics of Classical and Quantum Physics (Frederick W. Byron, Robert W. Fuller, 1970)

Well-organized text designed to complement graduate-level physics texts in classical mechanics, electricity, magnetism, and quantum mechanics. Topics include theory of vector spaces, analytic function theory, Green's function method of solving differential and partial differential equations, theory of groups, more. Many problems, suggestions for further reading.


All the books are in DJVU format and they are BOOKMARKED.