Dana Gould - Let Me Put My Thoughts In You - 2009

Dana Gould - 01 - Intro
Dana Gould - 02 - Pickup Lines & Ice Cream
Dana Gould - 03 - Genetically Speaking
Dana Gould - 04 - Creative Racism
Dana Gould - 05 - Let's Argue!
Dana Gould - 06 - How to Eat a Chocolate #@%
Dana Gould - 07 - Great Thing Not to Do
Dana Gould - 08 - What Happens After You Die
Dana Gould - 09 - Global Warming & Prancy Accents
Dana Gould - 10 - Old Guy Boner Drought
Dana Gould - 11 - My Favorite Astronaut
Dana Gould - 12 - Timely Son of Sam Bit
Dana Gould - 13 - Dog Heaven
Dana Gould - 14 - Phobias
Dana Gould - 15 - Ballad of Casanova's Adult World
Dana Gould - 16 - Words to Live By


Veteran stand-up comedian and Emmy-winning writer (The Simpsons), Dana Gould presents Let Me Put My Thoughts In You, a one-hour comedy special recorded at Chicago's Second City Theatre. Gould dives into topics ranging from the struggles of marriage to the terrors of parenthood before letting his fertile imagination rip. Astronauts wear diapers, polar bears grow dolphin blowholes and the devil waxes on about, well, waxing. One of the founding members of L.A.'s alternative comedy scene, Dana has performed on HBO, Comedy Central, The Late Show with David Letterman, Late Night With Conan O'Brien, and has appeared in numerous TV shows including Seinfeld and The Ben Stiller Show. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dana_Gould

After high school, he studied communications and theatre at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. He eventually moved to San Francisco to pursue a career in comedy. It was there he, along with fellow comedian Alex Reid, founded the San Francisco Comedy Condo in 1986.

Gould wrote and performed on The Ben Stiller Show; one such sketch features Gould as Otto, Cupid's twisted brother, whose arrows convince a young man to fall madly in love with an elderly woman. Another series of sketches features a heavily disguised Gould as Wilford Brimley advertising "Grady's Oats" (a parody of Brimley's Quaker Oats advertisements). In one, he speaks of his hobby of dressing in a taffeta gown and filling his panties with oatmeal; in another, he brandishes a revolver through the window at children. He also appeared in an episode of MADtv as Newt Gingrich and on one episode of Seinfeld as "Fragile" Franky Mirman, Jerry's childhood friend (aka "The Summer George"). For six years he wrote for The Simpsons, one episode of which he provided the voice of Don Knotts as Barney Fife (an impression that originated in his standup routine). He left the show in late 2006 in order to focus on his own screenwriting.

Gould had a featured cameo in the 2003 film Girls Will Be Girls, in which he played a hit-and-run victim who admits to his alcohol problem after having a desperate one-night stand with aging C-list actress Evie Harris, the other driver in the car accident. He was also featured in the film The Aristocrats, where, among other commentary, he presents an Amish version of the eponymous joke. His short films, Last Man On Earth, Break On Through With J.F.K., A Night On Java Island, and Soul Mates are also available for download on his site. Except for the latter, all feature Gould in acting roles. 2009 saw the release of his new stand up special, "Let Me Put My Thoughts In You" on Shout Factory.

Gould provided the voice for the title character in the U.S. versions of the Gex video game series and the UK version of the first game. Gould, with his frequent writing partner Rob Cohen, wrote the majority of the jokes for the games.

He was a regular contributor to the Adam Carolla radio show where he did impressions of Huell Howser.