 http://bayimg.com/CapMPAaCf

Ten Blocks on the Camino Real (TV) (1966)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0146308/

  Tom Aldredge  ...  Baron de Charlus  
  Michael Baseleon  ...  Officer  
  Albert Dekker  ...  Mr. Gutman  
  Hurd Hatfield  ...  Jacques Casanova  
  Kazimir Kokich  ...  Don Quixote  
  Lotte Lenya  ...  The Gypsy  
  Janet Margolin  ...  Esmerelda  
  Patricia Neway  ...  La Madrecita  
  Carrie Nye  ...  Marguerite Gautier  
  Martin Sheen  ...  Kilroy  
  Jackie Washington  ...  Guitar Player  

Broadcast Date:7 October 1966 (USA)

It was 1949. Williams and Kazan no doubt were still basking in the glory of Streetcar when they got together at The Actors Studio to work on a some scenes Williams had written about an American boxer (Kilroy) who had washed up at a tropical seaport populated by a group of people one could only describe as disorienting. Williams called his work Ten Blocks on the Camino Real; by the time it made it to Broadway in 1953, the material had been expanded to sixteen blocks, and the title had been truncated to Camino Real.

The reception on Broadway was chilly, presaged by a defensive article Williams himself wrote in The New York Times acknowledging that  this play will exasperate and confuse a certain number of people. For his part, Kazan declared it one of the best plays Williams wrote, yet admitted he was never able to get it right. Walter Kerr called it the worst play yet written by the best playwright of this generation, while Brooks Atkinson tried to like it but nonetheless tagged it as appeallingly bleak. George Nathan summed it up as a cold stew of Kaiser expressionism, Cocteau extravaganza, Wedekind sexual anarchy, Strindberg nightmare fancy, Stein aural theory, Sartre dead-end philosophy, and Schönberg tonal technique. 

When Camino Real landed on Broadway in 1953 critics did not know what to make of it. Williams had scored a string of successes with The Glass Menagerie, A Streetcar Named Desire and The Rose Tattoo, but those plays had perceptible plots and people. Camino Real was a kind of fantasy set in a parallel world with a cast of characters that includes Kilroy, Casanova, Marguerite Gautier and cameo appearances by Lord Byron and Don Quixote. 

Ten Blocks on the Camino Real is more a collection of notes for a play than a play itself, a pastiche of scenes (what Williams called blocks) that the playwright expanded and increased to 16 for the final version. Most of the brief vignettes are so slight it is difficult to find a coherent thread tying them together. 

While enigmatic, the full-length play contains some of Williams’s most poetic imagery, and a sampling of it can be found in Ten Blocks. The focus of the short version is Kilroy, an American boxer who once held a Golden Gloves title but had to give up the ring because he had a heart as big as the head of a baby, and it could burst at any time. Doctors warned him he must even give up sex. A kiss could kill me, he says. 

Kilroy consults a Gypsy fortuneteller, and ends up with her daughter, Esmeralda, whose virginity is magically restored at a fiesta held every month. In the end, however, Kilroy cannot escape the attention of the street cleaners. Casanova, who is drinking the dregs of a wasted life, and Gautier, who has outlived the tenderness of my heart, appear only briefly in Ten Blocks, sketches of the characters that Williams turned into portraits of desperation in the longer version of the play. 
