Knockout Kings 2001 for PS2                                     Rel. 2/13/2001


Format:	       CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	       English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/MDF 
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2, or Swap Magic Disc Method.

Compressed with WinRar, Game was tested and works (tested on a chipped ps2).

If you don't have winrar you can use 7-zip to extract rar formats, 
7-zip is free google it.           



Note: This is a CD-R or Compact Disc Type PS2 game, so you'll have to use cd-r  
      media only to burn with. (Verbatim recommended).

 


Game Description:

EA SPORTS puts you up against the greats of boxing and doesn't pull any punches. Take on legendary boxers or spar against the stars of today. Whether you're fighting your way up the rankings for a title bout, building the ultimate boxer with Create-A-Boxer, or duking as or against an all-time legend in Fantasy Fights Mode, Knockout Kings 2001 puts you in the game.

With awesome Playstation 2 console graphics and gameplay, a killer new soundtrack, the top female boxers, and much more, Knockout Kings 2001 goes the distance.

Features:

Ultra-Realistic Boxers - Mo-capped moves and amazing graphics put you in the ring
                         like never before.

Female Boxers - The top female boxers, including Mia St. John, Lucia Rijker, and 
                Christie Martin, battle to prove who is the best.

Deeper Interactive Training - Work with your trainer to hone your skills.

More Fighting Styles - In addition to improved Boxer and Slugger styles. EA SPORTS
                       has motion-captured Ali's unique "Freestyle" fighting
                       method. Each style has its own puches, movement, defense,
                       and combinations. Find the style that suits you.

Enhanced Gameplay - Pick your shots with "haymaker" punches and go for the 
                    knockout.

Added Boxing Realism - Exciting commentary and analysis from boxing experts Max  
                       Kellerman, Al Bernstein, and Teddy Atlas. Referees Mills
                       Lane and Richard Steele call the big fights, and Jimmy
                       Lennon, Jr. is the ring announcer.




Game Pics included.


Burn with Alcohol 120%, (Included in download).  

Set datatype to Playstation 2 and Burn at 8x speed.

Use Verbatim Or use Tayio Yuden CD Media for best quality.

Using any other media might not work at all.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!