This is a collection of Derek Prince teachings from Derek Prince Ministry. I hope this blesses a great number of people, as it has blessed me. The teaching range from deliverance and how to deal with demons, to how important the work on the cross was.

Derek Prince was born in India of British parents. He was educated as a scholar of Greek and Latin at Eton College and Cambridge University, England, where he held a Fellowship in Ancient and Modern Philosophy at King’s College. He also studied Hebrew and Aramaic, both at Cambridge University and the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. In addition, he speaks a number of other modern languages.

While serving with the British army in World War II, he began to study the Bible and experienced a life-changing encounter with Jesus Christ. Out of this encounter he formed two conclusions: first, that Jesus Christ is alive; second, that the Bible is a true, relevant, up-to-date book. These conclusions altered the whole course of his life. Since then, he has devoted his life to studying and teaching the Bible.

His daily radio broadcast Derek Prince Legacy Radio (formerly Keys to Successful Living), reaches more than half the world and includes translations into Arabic, Chinese, Croatian, Malagasy, Mongolian, Russian, Samoan, Spanish and Tongan. He is the author of over 40 books, over 450 audio and 150 video teaching cassettes, many of which have been translated and published in more than 60 languages.

Derek's main gift is explaining the Bible and its teaching, in a clear and simple way. His non-denominational, non-sectarian approach has made his teaching equally relevant and helpful to people from all racial and religious backgrounds.

September 24, 2003 Derek died in his sleep at his home in Jerusalem of heart failure following a prolonged period of declining health.

Derek Prince - And the End Shall Come

Derek Prince - Basics of Deliverance

Derek Prince - Casting Down Strongholds

Derek Prince - The Cross in my Life

Derek Prince - Deliverance & Demonology

Derek Prince - Do you Know how Valuable you Are? 