Atomic Tales! - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC7 via DVB-T
6 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo

Atomic Tales! is a spoof of early American SF serials, complete with period presenters, adverts, and cast interviews. 


Atomic tales is a VERY tongue in cheek pastiche sci-fi show based on the best of 1950's american pulp sci-fi. Expect high grade techno babble (Adjusting Brain-systems for maximum Quadrangulation!), thinly veiled anti-communist propaganda and general sillyness. 

What Sci-fi should have been, but never was. 
(A tagline was "When the future was so Futuristic, it might melt your temporal lobes!")
 
http://www.radiolistings.co.uk/programmes/atomic_tales.html


Cast:
Bob Womack - Colin Stinson
Jeff Marshall - Jeff Harding
Lucy C Petri - Alyson Warnyca
Alexander Lowell - Lewis Macleod (except pilot), Ewan Bailey (pilot)
Montgomery Holmes - John Guerassio
Kate "Kiddo" Mahoney - Eliza Ross
Written by Nat Sones & Adam Tandy


Atomic Tales - S01 - E01 - Their Gaze Was Green
Atomic Tales - S01 - E02 - And Mother Makes Million
Atomic Tales - S01 - E03 - I've Got Your Number
Atomic Tales - S01 - E04 - Land Of Plenty
Atomic Tales - S01 - E05 - Unstoppable!
Atomic Tales - S01 - E06 - Night Of The Cicadas



Audio Format : MP3
Duration : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits



[b]
A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them.

There is little point in downloading a "Torrent" and then recreating a "Torrent" using the same files.

The fact there was a torrent for you to download is clear you don't need to use the files to make another exactly the same version,

All you will do is split seeders over 2 torrents with the "same" files and make both have less seeders.



[/b]
