RAIN TREE CROW - Rain Tree Crow (1991)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD, digitally remastered 2006.
Number of tracks: 13.


Allmusic.com review:

"Rain Tree Crow is the result of a collaboration between former Japan members David Sylvian and Mick Karn. Sylvian and Karn teamed with keyboardist Richard Barbieri and Steve Jansen, adding guitarists Phil Palmer and Bill Nelson for their self-titled debut. Like a mellower, new age-oriented version of Japan, Rain Tree Crow explores stark soundscapes that sound alternately beautiful and desolate. Although it is a bit too challenging to provide a good introduction to Sylvian and Karn's music, the album remains fascinating for their fans." 

Wikipedia bio:

Rain Tree Crow was the name used by the successful English New Wave band Japan (excluding Rob Dean) when they briefly reformed for this one-off project, which would be their final album. It was the first time all four members of the band, David Sylvian, Steve Jansen, Mick Karn and Richard Barbieri, collaborated on a project since the compilation of the 1983 live album Oil on Canvas.
The majority of the material on their eponymous album was written as a result of group improvisations (aside from 'Blackwater'). There were no pre-rehearsals and the music that emerged was a hybrid of atmospheric ambient ballads in the style of lead singer David Sylvian's contemporaneous albums and more dissonant experimental styles that sometimes echoed the work of Tom Waits and King Crimson. The album was mostly recorded at Miravel Studios, France, between September 1989 and April 1990.
All members of the band aside from Sylvian wished to retain the Japan moniker which was last used when the band split in December 1982. However, Sylvian levered increasing artistic and production control over the project (including his insistence on using the RTC name, much to the other member's bemusement and annoyance), to the point where the recording developed from a band effort into a what was essentially another Sylvian solo project, leaving the other members as mere sessioners for the front man. As a consequence Jansen, Barbieri and Karn did not promote the "Rain Tree Crow" album. A scheduled follow-up album and a Japan reunion tour were both cancelled. In 2006 David Sylvian himself confirmed in a candid interview with The Guardian that he and his brother Steve Jansen in fact did not speak to each other for five years after the Rain Tree Crow project was completed.
Blackwater was released as the album's only cut and just missed the Top 60 in the UK singles charts in March 1991. The album itself was, in general, critically acclaimed by the music press and reached the Top 25 in the UK albums chart.

"...the album is at its best. Rain Tree Crow is not ponderous, as Japan once had pretensions to be, but it fills a darkened room nicely." -- Sue Peter, Option, 92"

TRACK LIST

Rain Tree Crow (1991)
=====================

01. "Big Wheels in Shanty Town" – 7:08 
David Sylvian - vocal, electric guitar, hammond organ, electric piano, shortwave radio, horn arrangement 
Bill Nelson - electric guitar 
Mick Karn - bass, brass, horn arrangement 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Djene Doumbouya - vocal 
Djanka Djabate - vocal 
Steve Jansen - drums, percussion, hammond organ 

02. "Every Colour You Are" – 4:46 
David Sylvian - vocal, electric guitar, electric piano, shortwave radio, treatments 
Phil Palmer - slide guitar 
Mick Karn - bass, saxophone 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - drums, percussion
 
03. "Rain Tree Crow" – 2:04 
David Sylvian - vocal, percussion 
Mick Karn - pipes 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - percussion 

04. "Red Earth (As Summertime Ends)" – 3:38 
David Sylvian - slide guitar, keyboards, Indian drum 
Phil Palmer - acoustic guitar 
Michael Brook - bass conga 
Mick Karn - bass, tabla 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Brian Gascoigne - orchestration 
Steve Jansen - ceramic drums, percussion 

05. "Pocket Full of Change" – 6:08 
David Sylvian - vocal, electric guitar, organ 
Michael Brook - guitar treatments 
Mick Karn - bass, brass 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - drums, percussion, organ 

06. "Boat's for Burning" – 0:45 
David Sylvian - vocal, electric guitar 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - tambourine
 
07. "New Moon at Deer Wallow" – 5:12 
David Sylvian - electric guitar, bass 
Mick Karn - bass clarinet 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - Moroccan clay drum, fan drums
 
08. "Blackwater" – 4:19 
David Sylvian - vocal, electric guitar, keyboards 
Bill Nelson - electric guitar 
Mick Karn - bass 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - drums, percussion
 
09. "A Reassuringly Dull Sunday" – 1:22 
David Sylvian - organ, keyboards, percussion 
Michael Brook - percussion 
Mick Karn - bass clarinet, percussion 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer, piano 
Steve Jansen - marimba, percussion
 
10. "Blackcrow Hits Shoe Shine City" – 5:14 
David Sylvian - vocal, electric guitar, organ, electric piano, keyboards, treatments 
Mick Karn - bass, saxophone 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - drums, percussion
 
11. "Scratchings on the Bible Belt" – 2:46 
David Sylvian - electric guitar, banjo, marimba, harmonium 
Michael Brook - treatments 
Mick Karn - bass clarinet 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer, water wheel 
Steve Jansen - piano, marimba, percussion 

12. "Cries and Whispers" – 2:31 
David Sylvian - vocal, electric guitar, treatments 
Mick Karn - bass 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizer 
Steve Jansen - percussion 

13. "I Drink to Forget" - 1:46 
David Sylvian - piano, keyboards, percussion 
Mick Karn - wine glasses 
Richard Barbieri - synthesizers 
Steve Jansen - wine glasses, percussion 


Enjoy and - most importantly - share with your fellow man. A special thanks to all of you out there who have both downloaded and seeded these torrents so far.




