"No government, organization or person has the right to control the pace of our advancing 
human consciousness by holding back the truth - honesty directs us to a better place" - 
Colin Andrews



Colin Andrews at X-Conference - April 17 2009.flv (432mb) 
http://www.colinandrews.net/X-ConferencePresentation-ColinAndrews2009.html


Government Circles:
           The Truth This Time - Cheesefoot Head Entity and Consciousness

Colin will talk about the absolute necessity for transition into a new period of research 
and disclosure by setting forth the truth and facts as accurately as they are known 
and not losing the opportunity afforded us by once again accepting spin and distortion 
to support one or another government agenda.

He will give examples of what he believes has been a discouraging start by the United 
Kingdom Government.  He will then address specifically a broad based research of 
crop circles and UFO's under the banner of 'Consciousness' and how they could be 
one and the same in ways we have not hitherto considered. He will concentrate on 
one of the strangest events he has witnessed in 26 years of research into the crop 
circles - the Cheesefoot Head 'Entity' from 1989.  

Also addressed will be the removal of a document from his website that questioned his 
version of the UK government's and Royalty's lack of involvement or interest in the 
crop circles and demonstrate this as an example of how we could fall into the trap of 
accepting new open policies without scrutiny.

The Conference runs from 17-19 April 2009 in Washington D.C. Colin will make a one 
and a half hour presentation starting at 12 Noon.

------------------------

GOVERNMENT CIRCLES
By Colin Andrews
 
http://www.colinandrews.net/sitebuilder/images/GovernmentCirclesBook-190x268.png

Introduction

Hampshire & Wiltshire Counties, UK
The Involvement of the Military
The Involvement of the UK Ministry of Defence MoD
Who Briefed The Prime Minister?
How Were Members of Parliament Involved?
What Did The Royal Family Want To Know?
The UK Government “D-Notice” Is Alive and Well!
Agencies, Scientific Organizations & Governments
Privately-Funded Research Conclusions
The UFO & Crop Circle Connection
Government Circles: Conclusions
Nick Pope Defends the MoD
Documented Evidence for Government Involvement
Biography
The Andrews Archives Series

 
http://www.colinandrews.net/ 
http://www.amazon.com/Government-Circles-Colin-Andrews/dp/1442138556 
http://www.NickPope.net/


NICK POPE AND THE MINISTRY OF DEFENCE ARE TAKEN TO TASK.
By Colin Andrews, January 2009.
(Edited by Synthia Andrews)
- http://www.colinandrews.net/Government02.html

The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh confirm a special interest in crop circles - Why were they lied to? 
Research documents revealed for the first time.

I have been researching crop circles for more than 25 years (bio). During this time I have interacted with 
British authorities on the subject at many different levels of government and Royalty. Ive been reporting on 
these interactions during lectures, on tape and in books since 1989.  Recently a new and disturbing 
development has occurred. Officials are rewriting history as to the level of government interest and 
involvement with the mystery through the release from the National Archives of select or altered Military of 
Defence (MoD) documents.

I first saw this in effect with an article written by Nick Pope, (above left) formerly head of the MoD-UFO 
project. In his article Nick Pope claims that there was not substantial official interest or investigation in the 
subject of crop circles by the MoD, Houses of Parliament, county police or the Royalty. In his article he 
specifically claims that:

•        The MoD did not have an in-depth or lasting interest in the subject and he debunks many of the claims 
I have made regarding my government level interactions. Pope sites the Hansard record from the Houses of 
Parliament as evidence that the Military have not worked with any civilian research group on the crop circles 
mystery.  I have proof that this is patently untrue which I will provide in this article.  
•        Pope claims there was no involvement with county police and shows an official record from 
Hampshire and Wiltshire police chiefs stating that their officers were not carrying out any official 
investigations.  This is misleading if not outright false and I will provide evidence to that effect.  
•        Pope goes on to say that “he had to deny” any interest of the Queen or other members of the Royal 
Family in the crop circles. I will provide personal letters I received from Her Majesty the Queen and Prince 
Philip which show Pope’s statement to be false.
•        Nick says that the use of a government ‘D’ notice was never used to stifle media coverage of crop 
circle events specifically those at Operation Blackbird. . A ‘D’ notice is a government enforcement order to 
cease media transmissions of material considered to be a threat to national security.  Well known television 
and radio presenter Dave Barrett’s experience to the contrary is included in this article.
•        Pope’s claims have been reinforced with the recent release of MoD National Archive records under an 
extension of the Freedom of Information Act. The media reported extensively on the records release and 
some articles can be seen in Andrews new book. I know that these records are incomplete and in some cases 
false and will present the evidence in this report.

I don’t believe the timing of Nick Pope’s article and the MoD records release are coincidence. I can think of 
only two explanations for the incomplete and wrong information in both.  Perhaps high level inter-
governmental sharing of information on the subject has been on a need-to-know basis and not only the public 
but Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and Nick Pope were being misled. Or perhaps the government is trying 
to rewrite history and downplay their interest and involvement in the subjects of crop circles and UFOs using 
Nick Pope to open the door to this approach. I wrote to Nick on September 15, 2006 disputing his version of 
events.

To change the record on government involvement in the mystery requires that the record on my own 
involvement with the government be changed as well.   Fortunately I have proof of my claims. I can 
demonstrate interest and interaction with local authorities in Wiltshire and Hampshire counties, the MoD, Nick 
Pope at the UFO Project Department, members of Parliament and the Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher’s 
cabinet, and the Royal Family.  Colin Andrews new book Government Circles has 192 pages of the most 
important historical documentation you were not intended to see about crop circles.

Fully supported by photographs taken by Police, Army and top secret aircraft of the Ministry of Defence.


Colin Andrews new book Government Circles was published on the 17 April 2009, the same day that he 
made a major presentation about its contents at the X-Conference in Washington D.C.  The presentation was 
covered and published by Michael Salla, Ph.D.

One week later Colin and Nick Pope appeared together 'live' on BBC radio in U.K. where Nick admitted that 
Colin had produced "Certain documentation which had shown that there was more military and Royal 
involvement than was apparent in his official report".  He went on to say that he wrote this while still 
employed by the MoD and hence had to comply with their policy of down-playing the crop circles and indeed 
UFOs. Nick was asked, "Well answer Colin's point that you are still sworn to the official secrets act and that 
your old bosses are never far away and so if you knew the truth about all this, you could not tell us".  Nick 
replied that he probably could not and admitted he had downplayed the subject.

The British newspaper The Western Daily Press also wrote about Colin's attempt to correct the MoD's 
version of the Government and Royal involvement in the crop circles. The media worldwide is showing 
incredible interest.

The new book Government Circles published by Archive Publishing, sets the record straight once and for all 
with full documentation and photographs - details never seen in public before, which includes evidence that 
the government activated its top level censorship tool, a 'D-Notice' to turn off media coverage of strange 
events surrounding the discovery of some new crop circles in Wiltshire, England in 1990.

------------------------

NickPope-ColinAndrews-BBCSolent-Sussex2009.mp3 (2.40mb)
- http://www.colinandrews.net/Presentations.html

Colin Andrews delivered his first punch in New York last month at the Institute of Noetic Sciences, when he disputed 
the British
Governments official statement regards involvement of the Ministry of Defence in crop circle and Ufo research. 
Andrews showed
documentary evidence from his new book 'Government Circles' that they lied and consistently.

Punch two came in Washington D.C. days later during a powerful presentation at the X-Conference where additional 
indisputable evidence was shown in the presence of the original government author, Nick Pope.

A few days after the Washington event, on May 3rd, Andrews appeared live on BBC radio (side bar) with Nick Pope 
where during heavy questioning, Pope admitted that Andrews was right and effectively withdraw much of his original 
government statement. The actual government position and involvement, as shown by Andrews are extremely important 
for both the crop circles and UFO subjects and demonstrate why we need to be vigilant with the accuracy and 
truthfulness of statements made by governments, EVEN during this 'so called' period of CHANGE and transparency. 
Andrews said “It’s the truth we demand not version two of version one. We have to be sure that history is not re-
written to distort the foundation on which full disclosure is made and also that it IS full disclosure when it comes - so 
far it has NOT been, it’s far from it".

------------------------

Paratopiaep44 - Colin Andrews.mp3 (82mb) - Colin Andrews on Paratopia: November 27th, 2009 
-


The man who coined the term “crop circle,” Colin Andrews, joins us tonight for an in-depth interview that seems to have a life of its own. Some of what that means happens during the show, and we take a time out to discuss it. Some of it continues to unfold privately as we post the episode.

Three things are for sure:

1.) This interview has triggered something in all three of us.

2.) If you are like many and have completely disregarded crop circles as nothing more than hoaxes, you will change your mind after this interview.

3.) The first two things are not hyperbole. For more on that, here’s Colin Andrews’ comments in his own words.

Join us tonight for this landmark episode of Paratopia. You won’t look at the subject the same way again.

------------------------

COLIN ANDREWS to Speak at CSETI Contact Conference in Rio Rico, Arizona - October 24-26, 2009 


- http://www.CSETI.org/contact
- http://www.disclosureproject.org/EmailUpdateOctober62009.htm


17 years after Dr. Steven Greer and Colin Andrews experienced an event which gave birth to the CSETI logo, Andrews reveals why that geometry has never left the radar screen.
 
 The CSETI emblem was chosen following a multiply witnessed large-scale interactive event which took place in England during 1992 with Dr. Steven Greer, Colin Andrews, and around 50 eyewitnesses. That geometry has continued to be a focus of Andrews’ research since that day, and at the conference he will show why he thinks the geometry is so key and is being communicated to us in such inexplicable modes.
 

Colin Andrews has decided to make public for the first time something which happened to him when he was a young child. Only Andrews’ close family and his doctors have known about this until now.

He believes we must all step forward and risk ridicule, simply laying out the whole thing as it is, and not worrying about the conditioned social environment designed to contain and maintain the status quo. He hopes making this public will set an example and encourage others who have had similar experiences to come forward. 


Colin Andrews - October 26 2009 - Interview at CSETI Conference.flv (12.6mb)
 - The Veritas Show: http://www.veritasshow.com/ 

A brief interview with the father of modern 'Crop Circle' research Colin Andrews. He talks about the reasoning for his very revealing presentation at the CSETI event in Rio Rico, Arizona - October 26, 2009 


Steven Greer - October 26 2009 - Interview at CSETI Conference.flv (7.76mb)
 - The Veritas Show: http://www.veritasshow.com/ 

Dr. Steven Greer also discusses the reaction to his new letter sent to President Obama calling for Ufo disclosure: http://www.disclosureproject.org/EmailUpdateOctober242009.htm


Conversations with Steven Greer on the World Puja Network

worldpuja-2009-11-27 - Steven Greer & Linda Willits - CSETI Gathering in Arizona.mp3
 - http://www.worldpuja.org/conversations.php

Dr. Greer and Linda Willitts will give a report on what happened at the Contact: Countdown to Transformation conference in Rio Rico on Oct. 24 - 26.
 
200 people contacting ETs in the spirit of Universal Peace. Exciting!
 
Find out what happened at the conference with contact and with our excellent speakers: Colin Andrews, Dr. Lynne Kitei , Dr. Ted Loder and, of course, Dr. Steven Greer.


Colin Andrews - Crop Circle Tones - Hampshire, England (1989).divx (2.4mb)
CSETI Crop Circle formation (1992).divx (19.4mb)
- http://www.disclosureproject.org/ccttbook.htm


------------------------


