David & Goliath (Animated Christian Movie)

Saul, king of Israel, struggles to do as the Lord commands. Through the Prophet Samuel, the Lord commands Saul destroy the Amalekites and kill all their animals. Saul refuses to kill their animals, saying they will be offered as a sacrifice. Samuel tells the arrogant Saul that obedience is more important than sacrifice and tells Saul that for disobeying Gods's command, Saul will lose his Kingdom. Samuel visits Jesse, a shepherd with eight sons. He tells Jesse that the Lord has a need for one of them. Jesse introduces his sons including David, the youngest. God tells Samuel to anoint David as King of Israel. All are amazed at God's choice, for Saul is still the formidable king. Neither Samuel nor anyone else knows how God will work His will. The Philistines attack Israel with a new weapon - a giant named Goliath. Jesse's sons prepare for battle. Since he is too young for the battlefield, David is kept behind to tend the flocks. The Philistines offer the Israelites a challenge: single combat between each side's strongest man. For 40 days Goliath taunts Saul. When David hears Goliath defy the armies of the Living God, indeed defying God Himself, David knows he must accept the challenge. When Saul offers his armor to David, David replies that "my faith is enough." With one stone from his sling, David slays the mighty Goliath. Even though the Israelites have beaten back the Philistines, Saul knows that he, too, has been defeated.
 
Runtime: 25 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 1995
My Rating: 9/10
Quality: 9/10 

If financially possible, please buy this CD/DVD to keep Christian films in business. If Christians won't buy Christian films then who will?

Please seed. Let each one of us who call ourself Christians seed 2-3 movies each. So that these movies may become a blessing to all those who are hungry for God's word & grace. May Jesus bless all those who are seeding the christian torrents.

PS: If you need any specific christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! 
He has done all he could. 
Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian		
		