Cal Tjader - Los Ritmos Calientes 
Audio CD (November 1, 1993) 
Original Release Date: October 6, 1954 
Label: Fantasy 
Total Size: 167,71MB 
Quality: 320 kbps

This is truly one of the classics of Latin Jazz. The record is strongest on its latin percussion as the title suggests and is no joke since it features some of the greatest names in the discipline: Armando Peraza, Mongo Santamaria, Willy Bobo. Also get to hear Tjader on timbales (in 'Goza' and 'Alegres Timbales') and bassist Al McKibbon (a disciple of the legendary Chano Pozo) joining Armando Peraza on congas ('Alegres Congas'). "Cubano Chant" should be an instant winner with every listener with the beautiful melody moving from flute to vibes over several rhythmic layouts. But true to the Tjader style it goes beyond percussion and adding to Cal's great work on vibes there are nice contributions by the likes of Chombo Silva, Vince Guaraldi and Bobby Rodriguez. As with many of the newer reissues in CD the music was originally issued in two separate LP's. It offers a great testimony to the artistry of these men who had to typically pack a great solo on a 3-minute track! If you like Latin jazz you will love this record. If you like afro Cuban drumming you must have it. ~ Ramon Melendez

Tjader's album is smoking hot. I read the other reviews here before purchasing and can't say I disagree. This is easily one of my favorite Latin albums. 

The vibes are awesome and the percussion is so fast and stylish it will blow your mind. ~ Liam Friedland

Personnel:
Cal Tjader (vibraphones, timbales);
Gerald Sanfino (alto saxophone, flute);
Jose "Chombo" Silva (tenor saxophone);
Jerome Richardson (flute);
Eddie Cano, Vince Guaraldi, Manuel Duran (piano);
Richard Wyands (piano, percussion);
Bobby Rodriguez, Eugene Wright (bass);
Al McKibbon (bass, congas);
Al Torres (drums);
Armando Peraza (conga, bongos);
Ramon "Mongo" Santamaria (congas);
Bayardo Velarde (bongos, percussion);
Armando "Cuco" Sanchez, Willie Bobo, Luis Kant (percussion).

Cal Tjader - Los Ritmos Calientes Tracks:
01  Cubano Chant
02  Goza
03  Panchero Mambero
04  Alegres Timbales
05  Mambo Moderno
06  Afro Corolombo
07  Ritmo Caliente
08  Lamento De Hodi
09  Mambo Inn
10  Buhuto (Nanigo 68)
11  Alegres Congas
12  Mueve La Cintura
13  Bernie's Tune
14  Perdido
15  Armando's Hideaway
16  Cuco On Timbales
17  Tumbao
18  Ritmo Rumba
19  Big Noise from Winnetka
20  Poinciana Cha Cha
21  Mongorama
22  Ritmo Africano
23  Perfidia Cha Cha