##### Official Book Description #####

Praise for the encyclopedia of chart patterns

"A great achievement that fills a void for everyone who uses charts. Bulkowski has taken an intelligent and thoughtful approach to producing a practical guide to evaluating chart formations." —Perry Kaufman Author of Trading Systems and Methods, Third Edition

"Not since Edwards and Magee has someone put together so comprehensive an assemblage of market behavior expressed graphically. That you also get a solid statistical assessment of the results of these chart formations is an unexpected and invaluable bonus. No chartist should be without this book." Interim Editor, Technical Analysis of Stocks & Commodities

"Encyclopedia of Chart Patterns is a book I have wanted to see published for many years. It brings together the patterns found in many diverse charting methods and adds the valuable dimension of performance statistics, trading tactics, and behavioral characteristics of each pattern. It is a valuable contribution to existing literature on charting and should be considered an indispensable reference by any serious chart trader." —Edward D. Dobson President, Traders Press, Inc.

"Having worn out my 1948 first edition of Edwards and Magee’s Technical Analysis of Stock Trends, I thought I knew a lot about chart patterns. Thomas Bulkowski’s Encyclopedia of Chart Patterns showed me how much more there is to learn. Meticulously researched, complete, and insightful, the Encyclopedia has earned a permanent place on my trading desk as a highly valued resource." —Thomas A. Bierovic Manager, Strategy Testing & Development, Omegs Reserch, Inc.



##### Notes #####

This is an eBook version of the Encyclopedia of Chart Patterns, it is fully OCR'ed (meaning all of the text can be copied and searched), and the pages have been properly numbered to match those of the print edition.

This book is good for anyone who wants to learn about technical trading and common patterns that appear in stock charts and can be used to predict the future movements of that stock.

Please seed this as long as possible after downloading as my Internet connection is very slow and I will not be able to seed at very fast speeds.

If you liked my upload don't forget to say thank you :).