File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"If We Ever Meet Again" is a song from Timbaland's third studio album, Shock Value II. The song served as the album's second worldwide single. It also served as the fourth single in the US. The song features pop singer Katy Perry and to date, is the Shock Value II's most successful song.

The music video was filmed in December 2009. It was directed by Paul "Coy" Allen, who directed “Morning After Dark” and “Say Something”. Timbaland told MTV that he wanted the video to be serious and maybe have Perry playing his guardian angel: "I wanna make something deep, I don't know if I wanna make it like a relationship. I wanna make it like she saved my life with whatever depression I was going through, whether it be drug depression, weight-loss depression — something. ... Will she be around if I go through this again?". The video premiered on January 18, 2010 and from January 19 is showing on UK music channels, charting at number one on many of the music channel video charts. The video, rather than focusing on a serious relationship, as mentioned above, focuses on the love story between a jewel thief and an art thief, interspersed with performance pieces from Perry and Timbaland. In the original video Katy Perry appears in black girdle and black leather as an underwear, while Timbaland in the whole part of the clip was in a brown Jacket and with a flat cap on his head. Timbaland appears in the video as a man from the 1920s who seems to have lost his greatest love. He later finds himself with Katy Perry, his lover, and they sing together expressing their grief of being separated from each other.

Timbaland  told MTV  that will.i.am's work on "I Gotta Feeling" inspired him to make "If We Ever Meet Again": "When I did this song, I was in love with this record called ... you're gonna be surprised. The record didn't have anything to do with ['If We Ever Meet Again'], but when I heard [the Black Eyed Peas'] 'I Gotta Feeling,' I said, 'I want a record just like that on my album.' I said, 'I gotta do me a "I Gotta Feeling" record.' Me and one of my producers, Jim Beanz, we came up with this concept. I said, '["I Gotta Feeling"] is happy, but I like it.' It gives a good feeling".

On the record, Timbaland sings , instead of rap: "It's not like it's incredible singing, but it made sense for me and it fits my voice," he explained. "To get somebody else to sing it, it might sound too overdone. I like it better with mistakes — I make mistakes. With me singing it, it gives it a different kind of swagger to it".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

