File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:08

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 23.98
BitRate : 5516 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.11 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


Kelly Rowland - Rose Colored Glasses (Xvid-2nafish)1080p


This video has no logos or titles.


"Rose Colored Glasses" is a song by American recording artist Kelly Rowland from her self-titled, third studio album. The electro-synthpop ballad was written by Ester Dean  with lyrics that echo real life situations that Rowland had been in, where she felt like she needed to leave. During the recording of the song Rowland began to cry while reminiscing such toxic relationships. Rowland hoped that fans would be able to connect to the song. Dr. Luke produced the song with synths, drums and an electro crescendo.

Critics praised the song for its classy delivery and emotional content, stating in agreement, that it was Rowland's best chance of achieving U.S. chart success. The single was released in some parts of Europe on June 28, 2010 and a day later for US radio stations and digital download on June 29, 2010. It serves as one of two American lead singles. An accompanying music video was directed by Rankin with a 3-D concept, featuring atmospheric visuals and mood-lit scenes including streamers, doves and rose petals. Critics universally praised the simplicity, visuals and the choice of outfits in the video.

Rowland first revealed on New York's 103.5 KTU FM that the video was due to be filmed in the last week of July 2010. The video shoot begun on July 31, 2010,  and a photo, from what would later become the tube dress and dove scenes, was released to her official website on August 2, 2010. The clip was filmed using 3-D technology and helmed by British fashion photographer John "Rankin" Wadell, who's previous credits include "Say it Right" by Nelly Furtado and "Acapella" by Kelis Behind the scenes footage on Rap-Up TV, revealed that the video focusses on the theme of the song - the pain of leaving a relationship. Scenes include vivid colors, unique visuals and mood-responsive lighting. During the shoot Rowland said "This video has been one of the best video experiences I’ve ever had. I’ve shot a lot of videos, but this one is probably the most intriguing because of how it’s shot, the lighting—everything is so detailed." Rankin said that "the concept for the video was 3D" to best portray how "the people look at you're relationships with an optimism that can't be seen from the inside". The scenes feature the use of circular trap and turntables so that Rowland "could be seen from every angle". "Rose Colored Glasses" was set to premier on the Vevo network on September 20, 2010, however it was uploaded to her Vevo account on 15 September 2010, five days earlier than expected.

The video begins the lights brightening on various scenes of Rowland that appear during the video. As the vocals kick in, Rowland is seen dressed in waist-high trousers a white blouse and a black tie. The first scene of the video features Rowland and her man (played by Alvino Lewis), arguing. Then during the song's build-up she is dressed in a black and white netted catsuit, standing in front of flowing pink and red streamers. Just before the chorus she appears with against a dark backdrop, with her hair tighed in a tight bun and wearing a low cut corset. In the chorus she appears in a gold glittery dress surrounded by smoke, on a turntable, spliced with scenes of the argument and a blue-tinged image of Rowland. As she sings the name of the song the images flick to one where she is surrounded by windswept rose petals (top). As the second verse kicks in you once again see the blue tinged image of Rowland and a new scene where she is dressed in a black ball gown with frills around the neck and shoulder, on the turntable again. This is spliced with more scenes of Rowland is her gold dress. As the chorus builds for a second time Rowland is seen wearing a tube dress, before switching to the dark cosret scene where it begins to rain. Then Rowland is seen surrounded by white doves (bottom) which fly around her while she spins on the circular trap. The bridge of the song focusses on the dark corset scenes where the rain increases and Rowland's facial expressions display deep sadness. Billboard  commented on the last scenes "in the end, Rowland finally takes those 'Rose Colored Glasses' off -- the ones that have prevented her from seeing how truly damaging her relationship is -- punching through a glass wall before pastel-colored butterflies appear in representation of her breakthrough." The video ends blue-tinged images, where she sheds a single tear.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/