Title: The Sanctuary
AKA: Saam Pan Bohk
Year: 2010
Director: Thanapon Maliwan
Genre: Thai Boxing / Martial Art
Runtime: 80 mins
Country: Thailand
Audio: Thai / English
Subtitle: none
Starring:
Michael B. ... Krit
Russell Wong ... Patrick
Intira Jaroenpura ... Praifa
Patharawarin Timkul ... Selina
Erik Markus Schuetz ... Gary
Winston Sefu ... Mafia Wisa
Lak-Khet Waslikachart... Ram 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1161449/
http://www.filmframeproductions.com/en/p_sanctuary.html

Source: VCD
File Format: DAT

Plot:
In 1897, the “Poisoned Knife” clan broke into the royal palace of Thailand to steal the Royal Antiques which the King intended to give to America as a reward for its help in negotiations that avoided Thai territorial cuts. The clan succeeded in stealing the antiques, but the thieves didn’t escape with their lives. Before their deaths, they hid the antiques somewhere close to the palace. During his interrogation, the last bandit chose to end his life by Master Sawang’s sword and let the place where the Royal Antiques were hidden die with him.

Now, Wisa (Winston Omega), the mafia boss whose ancestor masterminded the theft of the antiques wants to find them so he hires Patrick (Russell Wong – 'Romeo Must Die', 'Mummy 3:Tomb Of The Dragon Emperor'), The Former Director of the U.S. military National Subterranean Exploration Unit, to search for the lost antiques . Using U.S. Army satellite scans, Patrick and Selina (Patharawarin Timkul – 'Bangkok Dangerous', 'Jan Dara'), the beautiful and sexy assassin, retrieve them from beneath the Thai temple where Krit (Mike B – 'Brave'), Master Sawang’s great grandson and a gifted martial artist resides as a temple boy. When they steal the antiques from the temple, it’s down to Krit with the help of Paifah (Intira Jaroenpura – 'Nang Nak', 'King Naresuan trilogy'), an Archaeology student to retrieve them. Together they fight against the powerful greedy group of thugs, will they be able to save Thailand’s national treasures ?
There are no comments yet. Be the First to Comment!


		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		

