Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Two of Us" is a 1970 song by The Beatles, written by Paul McCartney, although, in his 1980 Playboy interview, John Lennon apparently claimed to have written it. It is credited to Lennon/McCartney. Lennon and McCartney sang the song as a duet. It was written for Linda Eastman, McCartney's soon to be wife, though it sounds at times as if it is addressing Lennon, whose relationship with McCartney was tense at that time.

"Two of Us" was originally released on Let It Be and was later released on Anthology 3 and Let It Be… Naked. Its title was used for the VH1 film Two of Us about a fictional reunion between McCartney and Lennon.

"Two of Us" was originally a hard, guitar-driven rocker. In the Let It Be film, McCartney and Lennon sing the song "rocker" style into the same mike. McCartney had never been satisfied with this style, which he described as "chunky." And so on 24 January, he and the band reworked it. Lennon had ideas about how the song might sound if Stevie Wonder performed it, and just before revisiting the song, the band had run through the Everly Brothers hit "Cathy's Clown". With these influences and a move from electric guitar to acoustic, the song transformed into the gentler, stripped-down version that fans know today. The Beatles performed a finished version of the song live at Apple Studios on 31 January 1969; this performance was included in both the Let it Be film and album.

Let It Be is the twelfth and final studio album released by the English rock band The Beatles. It was released on 8 May 1970, by the band's Apple Records label shortly after the group's announced breakup.

Most of Let It Be was recorded in January 1969, before the recording and release of the album Abbey Road. For this reason, some critics and fans, such as Mark Lewisohn, argue that Abbey Road should be considered the group's final album and Let It Be the penultimate. Let It Be was originally intended to be released before Abbey Road during mid-1969 as Get Back, but the Beatles were unhappy with this version, which was mixed and compiled by Glyn Johns, and it was temporarily shelved. A new version of the album was created from the studio tapes by Phil Spector in 1970 and finally released as Let It Be. The album acts as a soundtrack album for the 1970 motion picture of the same name, a documentary of the band rehearsing and recording the album. While two songs from the sessions were released as singles before the album's release, "Get Back" and "Let It Be," the songs were remixed by Spector for the album.

The rehearsals and recording sessions for the album did not run smoothly because of increasing acrimony among the four Beatles. The group bickered and argued throughout the album's production. George Harrison, at one point during the rehearsals, walked out and quit the group after severely arguing with both Paul McCartney and John Lennon, only to be coaxed back some days later. The film version is famous for showcasing a number of conflicts between the group members and has frequently been referred to as a documentary intended to show the making of an album but instead showing "the break-up of a band."

Despite a largely negative review from Rolling Stone magazine at the time of its release, this determination was later retracted with the album being ranked number 86 in the magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time in 2003.

Let It Be… Naked was released in 2003, an alternative version of the album stripping much of Phil Spector's production work.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 

