Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no CMT logo.


"I Told You So" is a single recorded by Australian country music artist Keith Urban. It is the third single released from his 2006 album Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing. This song is used in the Rock Band Country Track Pack, and has been confirmed as upcoming downloadable content for the Rock Band series.

The song tells of a man who has just met a lover with whom he recently split up. Upon encountering her, the singer begs for her to return, provided that she doesn't apologize for her actions. ("Please, just come back home / No, don't say that you're sorry / And I won't say “I told you so”").

"I Told You So" features a Celtic influence, in part due to the use of Uilleann pipes. Snare drums are also used heavily throughout, most notably between the second chorus and bridge. According to the album's liner notes, Urban plays several instruments on the song, including electric guitar, acoustic guitar, ganjo, bouzouki, mandolin, and percussion. He also sings all of the vocals.

The radio edit features a shortened bridge, as well as a slightly truncated outro.

"I Told You So" entered the U. S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at #53 on the chart week of April 28, 2007. It debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at #94.

Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing, or Love, Pain & the whole crazy thing as typeset on the cover art, is the fifth solo album by Australian country singer Keith Urban. It is his fourth album release in the United States, and his fifth for Capitol Records. The album was issued on November 7, 2006. It includes four singles: "Once in a Lifetime", "Stupid Boy", "I Told You So" and "Everybody", all of which were Top Ten hits on the Billboard country charts. This is the first Keith Urban album to not have any singles reach #1. The album has been certified 2× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA and platinum by the CRIA. Urban produced Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing with Dann Huff.

On the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart dated September 2, 2006, this album's lead-off single "Once in a Lifetime" debuted at #17, making it the highest-debuting country single in the 62-year history of the Billboard country music charts at the time. This record was later broken in 2007 by Kenny Chesney's "Don't Blink" (which debuted at #16 on the same chart), and then again by Garth Brooks' "More Than a Memory" (which debuted at #1). "Once in a Lifetime" went on to peak at #6 on the country charts. Other singles released from this album include, in order of release: "Stupid Boy" (#3), "I Told You So" (#2), and "Everybody "(#5), making this the first American album of Urban's career not to produce a Number One hit. "Raise the Barn", a duet with Ronnie Dunn of Brooks & Dunn, was written in response to Hurricane Katrina.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

