Yesterday President Obama announced the end of the Iraq War. It was like watching the final episode of a long-running TV program… only this is a show nobody liked or asked for. And by the end, nobody was watching. Thank God that Obama finally cancelled it. Frankly I can’t even believe anybody produced it in the first place.

On March 20, 2003, when Bush launched the war, Barack Obama was just a state senator in Illinois. Wow. The war took longer to fight than it took for Barack Obama to fight his way from obscurity to become the President of the United States. I wonder how Bush would have reacted if somebody told him when he invaded Iraq that this war wouldn’t be over until a black man was President of the United States. Well, if they told him in a memo, Bush simply wouldn’t have read it.

And Republicans yesterday were criticizing President Obama over Iraq! I guess he just can’t clean up Republicans’ messes the way they want him to. That’s par for the course, really—a bunch of rich white guys are yelling at a black guy for not cleaning up to their satisfaction.

It was a long war, with a lot of memorable images, like that fake turkey that George Bush used for his Thanksgiving, 2003 photo-op in Iraq. That photo captures the essence of the Iraq war as well as any image—George Bush serving up a great big fake turkey! Little did we know then that we’d all be eating leftovers of that fake turkey for the next seven years. 

The fake story around Jessica Lynch, the stage managed toppling of the Saddam statue… everything about this war was faked. We would have been better off having James Cameron directing it than Donald Rumsfeld. We would have been better off having Ed Wood direct it than Donald Rumsfeld! And one more thing—even James Cameron would have brought this thing in closer to budget. I don’t care how much his movies cost, James Cameron never spent a trillion dollars to deliver a product that didn’t satisfy anybody.

So how should we mark the end of this war? I just wish we had a statue of George Bush so we could pull it down. 