Title
......

Professional Techniques For The Wedding Photographer; a complete guide to  lighting, posing, and taking photographs that sell.

Author
......

George Shaub, Kennth Sklute


Product Description
...................

Revised edition of the mega-best-seller, now completely revised and updated to include the latest trends in wedding photography!

The wedding photographer faces a difficult challenge. Working with emotionally charged clients, he or she must capture a once-in-a-lifetime event and make average people look perfect, with no opportunity for retakes.

The completely new edition of Professional Techniques for the Wedding Photographer is the picture-taker's “bible” to lighting, posing, and taking gorgeous photographs that will increase sales and profits. The guide is organized as a thorough and detailed script for a typical wedding day. Over 150 stunning photographs take the reader, step by step, through all the pictures clients expect to see in their albums, from formal portraits to candid shots at the reception. Plus, this updated version details all the latest trends in wedding photography, including wedding photojournalism and black-and-white wedding photography.

Professional Techniques for the Wedding Photographer is also a valuable business tool. Readers will discover hundreds of proven approaches for boosting sales, including making sales presentations to clients, choosing a professional lab, using digital files, creating wedding albums that make an impact, and closing the deal. This brand-new edition also includes tested tips for using the photographer's newest and most essential marketing and sales tool—the Internet.
About the Author
George Schaub is a writer/photographer whose work has appeared in The New York Times Magazine, Studio Photography, Darkroom Photography, Lens, and many other publications. He is also the author of Using Your Camera, another successful Amphoto classic. He lives in Sea Cliff, New York.

Kennth Sklute is an award-winning photographer and teacher. His many awards include the Grand Award at WPPI in 1991 and APPA Photographer of the Year and Wedding Photographer of the Year in 1999. He also earned four Fuji Masterpiece Awards and a Kodak Gallery Award for Wedding Albums.

Paperback: 144 pages
Publisher: Amphoto Books; Revised Edition edition (May 1, 2001)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0817456023
ISBN-13: 978-0817456023


Sharing is caring! Please SEED.