PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 68D45EC746CFCFE50E5F4279858C89AA3C5970DD
File Size: 271.97 MB
Year: 1990
Label: Elektra
Catalog #: CD 60952


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


The Adventures of Ford Fairlane is a 1990 American action/comedy film starring comedian Andrew Dice Clay as Ford Fairlane, a private detective whose beat is the music industry in Los Angeles. The film was directed by Renny Harlin.





Adventures of Ford Fairlane 1990


Music being central to the plot of a film about a private detective who specializes in cases arising from the music industry, the soundtrack featured a diverse group of artists. 

The film's soundtrack is notable for its inclusion of Idol's "Cradle of Love", the video for which was shown often on MTV in 1990. The song also appeared on Idol's 1990 album Charmed Life. In the video, a liberal, young woman, played by Betsy Lynn George, taunts a conservative neighbor with her advances as she dances to the music. The video also featured footage from the film playing on a television in the neighbor's home, although none of the footage features Clay (at least not his face). This may be due to the infamous ban of Clay from appearing on the music network.[citation needed] Alternate versions of the "Cradle of Love" video eliminates the film footage when the video is usually aired on MTV.

Sambora's contribution to the soundtrack was a cover of the Jimi Hendrix song. EMF's "Unbelievable" samples bits of dialogue from the film, but did not feature on the soundtrack. A number of the musicians featured on the soundtrack also appeared in the film itself, including Morris Day, Sheila E., Tone Loc (as Slam the Rapper), former Ozzy Osbourne drummer Randy Castillo appears playing the Black Plague concert during the flashback at the beginning of the film and Vince Neil, the lead singer of Mötley Crüe (who appeared as Bobby Black, the lead singer of the fictitious band, Black Plague). Black Plague's lead guitarist was played by Quiet Riot's axeman Carlos Cavazzo. Not appearing on the soundtrack is "Booty Time", the song that Ed O'Neill's character performs during the film.

Yello is credited with the film's "music score", and an early cut of their album Baby is used as the film's incidental soundtrack.


Tracks: 

1.	"Cradle of Love" - Billy Idol
2.	"Sea Cruise" - Dion
3.	"Funky Attitude" - Sheila E.
4.	"Glad to Be Alive" - Lisa Fisher, Teddy Pendergrass
5.	"Can't Get Enough" - Tone Loc
6.	"Rock 'N Roll Junkie" - Mötley Crüe
7.	"I Ain't Got You" - Andrew Dice Clay
8.	"Last Time in Paris" - Queensrÿche
9.	"Unbelievable" - Yello
10.	"Wind Cries Mary" - Richie Sambora



Enjoy :)
