E-JAY.Music.Director.Gold+Sample.Packs(djDEVASTATE™)


Extract Install Disc Mount Or Burn And Enjoy Samples Packs Included



What is Music Director?

eJay Music Director Gold is a music software package that is both easy to use and meets the most sophisticated professional requirements! 

Apart from the more typical audio editing tools the program also incorporates a unique system giving you full and instinctive control of every parameters! This means you now have the ability to easily automate all of the controllers used in the software by means of simple characteristic curves. This applies in particular to the effects that you use – regardless of whether they are internal effects or VST plugins that you can activate from within the software.


In addition to the comprehensive audio editing function, Music Director Gold also provides video editing features. Use photos and video clips to make your very own music video! Of course, you can also edit all your video clips using fades and effects and then save the results as an AVI file.

More than 1,000 samples supplied with the software from the perfect starting point, allowing you to create your very first tracks quickly and in a number of different styles. The samples have been produced exclusively produced for eJay. In addition this package contains more than 7.500 samples from eJay’s extremely Sound Collections Vol. 5.


Music Director Gold allows you to use effects, parameter curves and other audio editing tools with more flexibly than ever before. It is therefore important to ensure that you never place features in your mix that you don’t really want to use. For example, there is of course no point integrating a compressor in an audio track unless you definitely need it. Only set the compressor in the audio track when and where you are actually going to use it! The following features in particular will have an effect on the performance of your computer and should, therefore, only be used when and where actually needed:

Automated parameter curves
Insert effects
Videos
Video effects


System Requirements

To be able to fully use Music Director, your PC must satisfy the following requirements:

Computer: Pentium II, 350 MHz, 64 MB RAM minimum (128 MB RAM optimal)
4x CD ROM drive
150 MB free hard disk space
System: Windows, 98, ME, 2000, XP
Graphics card: minimum 4 MB, resolution 1024x768, 16 bit (high colour)
Sound card: 100% Direct Sound compatible, 16 bit


Music Director supports and processes the following formats:

Audio (read): WAV, MP3, WMA
Audio (write): WAV, MP3 (limited to 20 times), WMA
Video (read): AVI, MPEG
Video (write): AVI


Installation

To install Music Director, insert the program CD into the CD ROM drive of your PC. The installation window where you can specify installation options will appears after a short time.

Language selection
Initially the installer offers to install Music Director in the same language version as your operating system. You can, however, select a different language.

Program installation and sample installation

You can install the Music Director software and the supplied samples independently of each other. Simply click on the appropriate checkbox to install the elements you require. You can give a separate file location for both the software and the samples – you can, for example, store samples on a different hard drive to the software. You can also install the samples at a later time.

File location and memory space information
Here you specify the location on your hard drive where you want to install Music Director. The memory space information tells you how much memory space is required, and how much memory space is available on the selected hard drive.

Installation of DirectX 8.
DirectX 8 is called up for parts of the application. If the installer cannot find DirectX 8 on your system, the checkbox is automatically activated. DirectX 8 must be installed to ensure correct operation of the software.

Text help
Click on the text help to show information about installation and the software.

Progress bar
The progress bar indicates the status during installation. It shows how much of the software and samples have been installed as a percentage of the total.

Cancel and Start
Click on Start to start installation according to the defined settings. Click on Cancel to quit the installer. Installation can also be aborted by clicking on CANCEL during the installation procedure.


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED
