01. Chick Corea - The Leprechaun [1975]

tracklist:

01. Imp's Welcome
02. Lenore
03. Reverie
04. Looking At The World
05. Nite Sprite
06. Soft And Gentle
07. Pixiland Rag
08. Leprechaun's Dream, Part 1
09. Leprechaun's Dream, Part 2

Review 

Chick Corea took a break from his fusion group, Return to Forever, to record this slightly more jazz-oriented effort. Such players as saxophonist Joe Farrell, trombonist Bill Watrous, and bassist Eddie Gomez are on the date (as is vocalist Gayle Moran), but few of the tracks are all that memorable. A somewhat forgettable effort. (by Scott Yanow/www.allmusic.com)

02. Chick Corea - My Spanish Heart [1976]

tracklist:

01. Love Castle
02. The Gardens
03. Day Danse
04. My Spanish Heart
05. Night Streets
06. The Hilltop
07. The Sky
08. Wind Danse
09. Armando's Rhumba
10. Prelude To El Bozo
11. El Bozo, Part I
12. El Bozo, Part II
13. El Bozo, Part III
14. Spanish Fantasy, Part I
15. Spanish Fantasy, Part II
16. Spanish Fantasy, Part III
17. Spanish Fantasy, Part IV
18. The Clouds

Review 

This 1976 release features Chick Corea in what was then, and remains, a unique musical setting. While it is truly an electric jazz fusion record, it is also the only solo recording of Chick Corea - My Spanish Heart [1976] Corea's on which he attempted to truly explore the Latin side of his musical heritage. My Spanish Heart marks a full-scale, yet thoroughly modern, exploration in the musical lineage Corea sprang from. 
Making full use of synthesizer technology, a string section, and synth-linked choruses – of two voices, his own and that of Gayle Moran – as well as percussionist Don Alias, drummer Steve Gadd, a full brass section, and the sparse use of Jean Luc Ponty ("Armando's Rumba") and bassist Stanley Clark, Corea largely succeeded in creating a Spanish/Latin tapestry of sounds, textures, impressions, and even two suites – "Spanish Fantasy" and "El Bozo." 
The string quartet performs its intricate and gorgeously elegant arrangements with verve and grace on "Day Danse" and on the suites, with Corea's contrapuntal pianism creating a sharp yet warm contrast to the shifting tempos, wild interval leaps, and shimmering timbral balances that occur. 
The only pieces that sound dated on this double-album-length set are the fusion pieces, which are, with their production and knotty stop-and-start modulations and key signature equations – complete with aggressive arpeggios and scalar linguistics – destined to be limited in expression by the voice of their use of technology. 
Thus, "Love Castles," "The Gardens," and "Night Streets" suffer from their rather cheesy production despite their tastefully done double fusion semantics (jazz to rock to Latin music). 
There is no doubt that Corea's musicianship was up to any task he chose at this point in time. Simply put, he was compositionally and intellectually at the top of his game, and this record, despite the many of his that haven't aged well, still surprises despite its production shortcomings. (by Thom Jurek/www.allmusic.com)

03. Chick Corea - Friends [1978]

tracklist:

01. The One Step
02. Waltse For Dave
03. Children's Song #5
04. Samba Song
05. Friends
06. Sicily
07. Children's Song #15
08. Cappucino

Review 

Although this set contains eight lesser-known Chick Corea compositions, it is in reality a fine blowing date. Corea, on both acoustic and electric pianos, is joined by his old friend Joe Farrell on reeds, bassist Eddie Gomez and drummer Steve Gadd for some fine straightahead jazz. (by Scott Yanow/www.allmusic.com)

04. Chick Corea - Secret Agent [1978]

tracklist:

1. The Golden Dawn
2. Slinky
3. Mirage
4. Drifting
5. Glebe St. Blues
6. Fickle Funk
7. Bagatelle
8. Hot News Blues
9. Central Park

Review 

Secret Agent follows a by-now familiar pattern: a costume change, a re-shuffling of the cast, and a mix of songs that are individually impressive but collectively less so. The record ranges from life-some Latin jazz ("Central Park") to haunting Vangelis-like instrumentals ("Bagatelle #4"), with Chick Corea adding and subtracting instruments as the arrangements dictate. 
The steady forces behind the music include a new rhythm section (Tom Brechtlein and fretless bassist Bunny Brunel), familiar faces Gayle Moran and Joe Farrell, and a kicking horn section that gets a couple of well-deserved cameos. 
Corea's keyboards are generally soft in tone here, and though that's a by-product of the instruments he chooses (Fender Rhodes, Mini-Moog), the compositions take the softness a step further by building arrangements around Moran's airy voice (notably "Drifting") or exploring the "voices" of various instruments on a trombone/keyboard dialogue like "Mirage." 
Only the familiar sound of the players from song to song holds the album together; otherwise, as the aptly titled "Fickle Funk" demonstrates, Corea isn't interested in trying the same thing twice. The good news is that this does lend itself to portable cuts – "The Golden Dawn" (imagine a jazzier version of Vangelis) and "Hot News Blues" (in which Al Jarreau's voice snakes along a bittersweet melody) were made available as promotional singles, though "Glebe St. Blues" has more radio personality than either. 
Like The Leprechaun and Mad Hatter, Secret Agent is a good sampler, but Corea has released so much music (three records in 1978 alone, not including live dates with Return to Forever and Herbie Hancock issued that year) that his fans can afford to pick and choose. First investigate My Spanish Heart, Friends, and RTF's Romantic Warrior from Corea's late-'70s catalog; then, if you're still curious, seek out Secret Agent. (by Dave Connolly/www.allmusic.com)

05. Chick Corea - Three Quartets [1981]

tracklist:

01. Quartet No1
02. Quartet No 3_ Quartet No 2
03. Part 1 (Dedicated To Duke Ellington)
04. Part 2 (Dedicated To John Coltrane)
05. Folk Song
06. Hairy Canary
07. Slippery When Wet
08. Confirmation

Review 

This encounter between Chick Corea (sticking to acoustic piano), tenor saxophonist Michael Brecker, bassist Eddie Gomez, and drummer Steve Gadd lives up to expectations. The original program featured three lengthy "Quartet" pieces including sections dedicated to Duke Ellington and John Coltrane. The CD reissue adds four briefer pieces that were previously unissued, including an unaccompanied Brecker workout on "Confirmation" that would be perfect for "blindfold" tests. This blowing date is highly recommended for all true jazz fans. (by Scott Yanow/www.allmusic.com)

6. Chick Corea & The Elektric Band - Beneath The Mask [1991]

tracklist:

01. Beneath The Mask
02. Little Things That Count
03. One Of Us Is Over 40
04. A Wave Goodbye
05. Lifescape
06. Jammin E. Cricket
07. Charged Particles
08. Free Step
09. 99 Flavors
10. Illusions

Review 

The fifth and final recording by the original version of Chick Corea's Elektric Band is not quite up to the level of the past few sets due to some forgettable compositions. The keyboardist/leader, guitarist Frank Gambale, and saxophonist Eric Marienthal create some fine solos and the ensembles (with bassist John Patitucci and drummer Dave Weckl) are tight, making this a worthwhile but not essential release from the top fusion group. (by Scott Yanow/www.allmusic.com)

07. Chick Corea&Bobby McFerrin - The Mozart Sessions [1996]

tracklist:

01. Concerto For Piano And Orchestra No 23 In A Major, K. 488- Prelude - I. Allegro
02. Concerto For Piano And Orchestra No 23 In A Major, K. 488- II. Adagio
03. Concerto For Piano And Orchestra No 23 In A Major, K. 488- III. Allegro Assai
04. Concerto For Piano And Orchestra No 20 In D Minor, K. 466- Prelude - I. Allegro
05. Concerto For Piano And Orchestra No 20 In D Minor, K. 466- II. Romance
06. Concerto For Piano And Orchestra No 20 In D Minor, K. 466- III. Rondo (Alleg...
07. 'Song For Amadeus' (Improvisation On Mozart's Sonata No. 2 In F Major, K. 280...

Review 

The informal title says a great deal about the contents of The Mozart Sessions, which could have been called Concerti for Piano and Orchestra, Nos. 23 and 20, since that is, for the most part, what it is. But of course the conductors, vocalist Bobby McFerrin and jazz keyboard player Chick Corea, are not your average classical musicians. 
Nor is there any doubt about the non-traditional nature of the recording, when it starts with McFerrin's patented improvisational vocals followed by Corea's piano inventions under the title "Prelude." 
So, for a start, purists should be warned away. On the other hand, the more adventurous may be slightly disappointed, since after they get the preliminaries out of the way, McFerrin and Corea, aided and abetted by the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra, turn in pleasant but unexceptional readings of the concerti, with Corea especially eschewing any attempt at dazzle in what are usually showcase pieces. 
The piano work is fluid and the orchestral accompaniment delicate, but the principals seem sufficiently concerned about getting anything wrong not to really take off. At the end, as Corea once again improvises in tandem with McFerrin's voice, one longs for more of their interaction, perhaps in a less restrictive context. (by William Ruhlmann/www.allmusic.com)

08. Chick Corea - Rendezvous in New York (2 CDs) [2003]

tracklists:

Disc 1:
Chick Corea&Bobby McFerrin Duet:
01. Armando's Rhumba 
02. Blue Monk 
03. Concierto de Aranjuez/Spain 
Now He Sings, Now He Sobs Trio (Chick Corea, Roy Haynes&Miroslav Vitous)
04. Matrix 
Remembering Bud Powell Band (Chick Corea, Roy Haynes, Joshua Redman, Terence Blanchard&Christian McBride)
05. Glass Enclosure/Tempus Fugit 
Chick Corea&Gary Burton Duet
06. Crystal Silence 
Chick Corea Akoustic Band (Chick Corea, Dave Weckl&John Patitucci)
07. Bessie's Blues 

Disc 2
Chick Corea Akoustic Band (Chick Corea, Dave Weckl&John Patitucci)
01. Autumn Leaves 
Origin (Chick Corea, Avishai Cohen, Jeff Ballard, Steve Wilson, Steve Davis&Tim Garland)
02. Armando's Tango 
Chick Corea&Gonzalo Ribancaba Duet
03. Concierto de Aranjuez/Spain 
Chick Corea New Trio (Chick Corea, Avishai Cohen&Jeff Ballard)
04. Lifeline 
Three Quartets Band (Chick Corea, Michael Brecker, Eddie Gomez&Steve Gadd)
05. Quartet No. 2, Part. 1 

Review 

One of Chick Corea's most ambitious projects was the recording of almost 60 hours of music with nine different groups over a three-week run at the Blue Note in December 2001; it must have been a challenge to choose the dozen performances for this two-CD set. 
The first disc begins with scat singer par excellence Bobby McFerrin joining the pianist to scat his way through three selections, including a stunning medley of an excerpt from Rodrigo's "Concierto de Aranjuez" and Corea's "Spain." Bassist Miroslav Vitous and ageless drummer Roy Haynes provide the pulse to his extended work "Matrix." 
Corea's well-crafted tribute to Bud Powell, with Terence Blanchard and Joshua Redman in the front line, combines two of Powell's greatest works, "Glass Enclosure" and "Tempus Fugit." But Corea is at his most lyrical when old friend Gary Burton joins him to revisit the pianist's masterpiece, the shimmering "Crystal Silence." 
The second disc is also full of great music, though disc one clearly gets the edge, with the possible exception of the virtuoso duo piano interpretation with Gonzalo Rubalcaba of the same medley performed with McFerrin on the first CD. 
It is safe to say that no fan of Chick Corea will be disappointed with this wide-ranging compilation of live music, and itis also a great starting point for those not familiar with his voluminous works. Highly recommended. (by Ken Dryden/www.allmusic.com)

09. Chick Corea & Touchstone - Rhumba e Flamenco [2005]

tracklists:

CD1
01. Touchstone 
02. Blanca Con Puntillo
03. Zyriab 
04. You’re Everything 

CD2
01. Mallorca 
02. Kalimba 
03. Alan Corday 
04. Anna’s Tango
05. Rhumba Flamenco
