Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Dead Flowers" is the title of a song written and recorded by American country artist Miranda Lambert. On May 4, 2009, the song was released as the lead-off single for her third studio album, Revolution. Additionally, the song was included on an EP release also titled Dead Flowers.

Lambert debuted "Dead Flowers" at the 44th annual Academy of Country Music Awards on April 5, 2009.

The music video for the song was directed by Randee St. Nicholas, and was released to CMT on July 16, 2009.

The video begins with Lambert sitting at a table with a vase of dead flowers. She gets up and walks into the kitchen, where Christmas lights lay strung across the counter. Lambert is then shown performing in the living room with fans blowing on her hair, while a man is watching from the couch beside her. After that, she is shown outside the house in and in front of her car, with more lights hung up on her house.

"Dead Flowers" debuted at #17 on CMT's Top Twenty Countdown for the week of July 31, 2009. The song spent only two weeks on the countdown, peaking at #15. However, the video debuted at #10 on GAC's Top 20 countdown; it has since reached #5.

The song was well-received with critics, garnering numerous positive reviews.

The 9513 reviewer Jim Malec awarded the song a "thumbs up" rating. "Miranda Lambert has produced a piece of truly stunning art: The lead single from her third album is smarter, more precise and concise, and more vocally engaging than any of her previous releases." The Slant Magazine also spoke positively of the song. "The track gives her plenty of material to work with and just as many reasons to be optimistic about the quality of that upcoming record. Offering a surfeit of dense, loaded phrases and sharply drawn images, the song hits with devastating accuracy because of how well Lambert sustains its central conceit." Roughstock reviewer Matt Bjorke praised the song for showing a different side to Lambert. "The lyrics are smart, the melody is moody and the vocal performance is just stunning. This is the kind of song Miranda's always had in her and while I love her rock 'tude, "Dead Flowers" shows us a softer, more tuneful side of Miranda Lambert that wasn't ever really shown to radio fans before." Frequency Magazine, who gave the song five-out-of-five stars, felt that it "may be the best song Miranda has ever done. From the lyrics to the vocal delivery to the production, everything is just gorgeous. If the rest of the songs on her album are of the same quality, she might very well win the coveted ACM Album of the Year again."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

