What is Contribute?

Adobe® Contribute® CS5 software is a powerful web publishing and website management tool that integrates authoring, reviewing, and publishing in an 

easy-to-use WYSIWYG HTML editor. 

Increase web publishing productivity collaboratively while simplifying oversight and approval tasks.


Contribute features


True WYSIWYG web authoring enhanced

Take advantage of enhanced CSS rendering, which enables content authors to edit without writing code and to see the results of their edits instantly. 

Adobe® Contribute® CS5 immediately updates edits to XML content and Spry widgets.

Predefined content types new

Define content types that specify the design template and review process that will be used automatically when a new page is created. 

Content type can be HTML or XML.

Rich media support enhanced

Easily drag and drop images, FLV and SWF files, or PDF documents into your web pages. Contribute automatically uploads the dependent files to the web 
server when the pages are published in predefined locations.

Cross-browser preview new

Verify the look and feel of updated pages in multiple browsers. Windows® users can view three browsers simultaneously for side-by-side comparison.

In-browser editing enhanced

Allow authors to edit pages directly in a web browser with no need to open another application. The Contribute CS5 in-browser editor supports most browsers,
including Firefox 3–3.6 and Internet Explorer 7 and 8.

Inline spelling checker

Reduce typos with the inline spelling checker. Potential errors are flagged as the contributor enters content for on-the-spot correction.

Collaborative publishing enhanced

Establish collaborative workflow processes to author, review, and publish content. Define different review paths at the template level, whether a single 
approval for an internal web page or multiple sign-offs for a public page.

XML editing new

Edit XML file content without opening an XML editor; insert and delete data without altering the document structure. Easily update Spry data sets and other 
pages that render content from XML files or dynamic XML-based sites.

Dynamic website editing enhanced

Add content to dynamic websites powered by Movable Type, TypePad, or WordPress. Simply define the Contribute connection with the proper settings, and 
site content is instantly available for updating.

Subversion support new

Manage site files more effectively in collaborative, version-controlled environments with support for Subversion® software. 
Roll back pages to previously archived files using Subversion.

Quick website and blog publishing

Publish with a single click to a wide variety of websites or blogs. Contribute is the one web authoring tool that supports FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, MetaWeblog, 
and Atom protocols.

Simultaneous shared reviews

Enable multiple reviewers to comment on drafts simultaneously with in-context collaboration tools for faster and more effective web publishing cycles.

