Title: Fugitive Pieces
Year: 2007
Country: Canada / Greece
Audio: English and Greek and Yiddish and German
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 697 MB 
Genre: Drama 
Runtime: 104 min 
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
IMDB Note: 7.0
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0765451/
Directed by: Jeremy Podeswa
Starring: Stephen Dillane ...  Jakob 
 Rade Serbedzija ...  Athos 
 Rosamund Pike ...  Alex 
 Ayelet Zurer ...  Michaela 
 Robbie Kay ...  Young Jakob 
 Ed Stoppard ...  Ben 
 Rachelle Lefevre ...  Naomi 
 Nina Dobrev ...  Bella 
 Themis Bazaka ...  Mrs. Serenou 
 Diego Matamoros ...  Jozef 
 Sarah Orenstein ...  Sara 
 Larissa Laskin ...  Irena 
 Giorgos Karamihos ...  Ioannis 
 Danai Skiadi ...  Young Allegra 
 
Synopis: Middle aged Jakob Beer reflects on his life, this reflection which is all consuming. He is a Polish born and raised Jew. When he was an adolescent, his parents were shot dead and his sister Bella hauled away by the Nazis during World War II. Jakob witnessed these events from a hideout in their home. Running away, Jakob was found by Athos Roussos, a Greek national working on an archaeological project in Poland. Athos managed to smuggle Jakob out of Poland back to his native Greece. A few years later, Athos and Jakob moved to Canada where Athos began work as a teacher. Jakob has continual dreams about Bella, especially her piano playing but never knew Bella's ultimate fate. Jakob's reflections, especially the emotions stemming from his thoughts, lead to him becoming a writer of a successful book. His marriage to his first wife Alex, an outgoing and upbeat woman, fails because he can't get out of the somberness connected to his past at this time of his life. It isn't until he comes to understand the meaning of the dreams about Bella that Jakob can commit to a relationship. Meanwhile, Jakob has a lifelong friendship with his neighbors in Canada, a Jewish family who are also fighting demons of their past. (IMDB)

Awards: 7 wins & 8 nominations.


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH, SPANISH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ
