That's NickleBAG folks, NOT Nickelback! You want some funk crossed with power 
guitars, this is it. Stevie Salas and Bernard Fowler will blow you away. I'm
surprised it's not already on the 'Bay, but here it is. 

Nicklebag

1996 12 Hits and a Bump

1. Love Song
2. Hit It & Quit It
3. Grow
4. I Will
5. Indanee
6. Turning The Other Way
7. Too Many Mountains
8. Hots On F0r Nowhere
9. Win
10. Repetition
11. Indanee (Reprise)
12. Soul Search (Mother Mix)
13. Don't Know Why I Love You
14. Soul Search (Bonus Track) 


1997 Mas Feedback

1. Grow
2. Sweet Thang
3. Love Song (All Up In My World)
4. Don't Know Why I Love You
5. Hit It And Quit It
6. Turning The Other Way
7. Too Many Mountains
8. Only Happy When It Rains
9. Soul Search
10. Dope Fiend
11. Repetition
12. I Will
13. Walrus
14. Grooveline (Bonus Bump) 


From Amazon feedback:

Criminally underexposed hard rock from the late 90s. Steve Salas was the guitar whiz from Color Code, while Bernard Fowler has sung with the Stones and Ryuichi Sakamoto. They're backed up here by Bernie Worrell (Funkadelic / Talking Heads) and produced -- loudly -- by Bill Laswell. Quite a cast! Between Fowler's soulful shout and Salas shredding like Hendrix, this is really a lost gem. The sound initially recalls Living Color, but Hendrix, Cream, Robin Trower, and especially the Physical Graffiti / Presence - era Zeppelin all echo though Nicklebag's funky yet very heavy sound. More obscure black hard rockers like Sound Barrier and Mother's Finest ploughed similar ground but these guys go much further, delivering "Wind Cries Mary"-style ballads in "Don't Know Why I Love You" and "Turning The Other Way," prog metal in "Grow" and "Love Song," and classic riff rock in "Repetition" and "Sweet Thang" (the album's marvelous "should've-been-a-single"). They even do some respectable covers, including Bowie's "Win" and Zep's "Hots On For Nowhere." The album was reissued in a different sequence as Mas Feedback (minus those covers but with a nice take on "I Am The Walrus" instead). Highly recommended in either version, if you can find it. 

- By Gareth Davies-Morris "dodgem-dude" (San Diego, CA USA)