Crop Circles, UFOs, Animal Mutilations, & Bee Deaths

Date: 10-28-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: Linda Moulton Howe, Jason Martell, Erik Poltorak

Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe presented material on crop circles\' connections to UFOs, Robert Salas\' military UFO encounter, half cats & cattle mutilations, and the bee colony collapse disorder. In her first report, she interviewed Pasquale Galante who described a 1983 incident in Lancaster, PA in which he witnessed a large disc-shaped aerial craft appearing only about 40 feet above a wheat field. The craft dropped down a kind of ramp, and he was affected by an unusual energy in the air. He saw an approximately 60-foot-diameter circle go down in the field within 30 seconds with stems unbroken and even braided, before the craft suddenly dissolved. More here.

Linda shared her interview with Robert Salas who witnessed UFOs shut down ICMBs at Malmstrom AFB in 1967. A large, red-orange, glowing aerial craft was reported by the Security Alert Team and subsequently, ten intercontinental ballistic missiles were shut down one at a time every second for ten seconds. The intimidation and psychological aftermath to Salas and other military personnel gives insight to how US government insiders have controlled and suppressed the truth about the interaction of non-human intelligences, she commented.

Since June of 2010, there has been a rash of half-cat mutilations reported in the United States, Canada, England, and Australia. The bloodless excisions show evidence of being made with high heat. Simultaneously, twenty unusual cattle deaths have been reported to the Hall County, Georgia, Sheriff\'s Department. Georgia farmer Kathy Cooper described the strange mutilations, which had smooth cuts and various tissue and organ removals. More here.

In Linda\'s fourth report, she detailed how bee experts are questioning a recent New York Times article about colony collapse disorder of honey bees being \"solved\" by a scientist\'s research that pointed to a dual attack of a fungus and unusual virus. Further, Fortune magazine later reported the scientist was being paid research money by the Bayer Corp. in Germany with the implication that Bayer is trying to deflect research attention away from studying the impact that Bayer-produced nicotine-based pesticides have on honey bees and other pollinators. Entomologist Daniel Mayer spoke about his research that connected the pesticides to bee problems.

Zecharia Sitchin Tribute
In the first hour, researchers Jason Martell and Erik Poltarek presented a tribute to Zecharia Sitchin, who recently passed away. With his translations of Sumerian texts about the Annunaki and Niburi, he was extremely influential on a variety of researchers, said Martell. In his 14 published books, Sitchin put together a huge body of knowledge, noted Poltarek, who had served as his webmaster. At the time of his death, he was working on the Goddess of Ur Genome Project, which he hoped might prove that certain Sumerian remains had extraterrestrial DNA.