 April 27, 2010 Badman Recording Co BRCD928

Those of us that miss the ruminative musings of Ryan Adams should focus their collective attention on Colorado singer-songwriter Patrick Park. His fifth album Come What Will sounds so much like Adams in certain places, its downright eerie. But whereas most comparisons can detract from the music itself, this comparison is most assuredly a good thing. This kind of introspection was sorely lacking from the mainstream and thank God that Park has released this absolutely gorgeous disc. 

From the lush, mid-tempo grandeur of "The Lucky Ones," to the melancholic meanderings of "You'll Get Over," Come What Will is one enduring gem. On the intimate 'Blackbird Through the Dark," he chases down an Adams-like moment while also channeling the sensitivity of Gordon Lightfoot. With deeply poetic lyrics, it's one of the album's early triumphs and inevitable proof that Park is undoubtedly an engaging and winning talent. 

On the lightly rolling "You're Enough," he sounds as dusky as an Iowa sunset while on the gnomic title track he sounds playful albeit somewhat languorous. The disc's best composition is the David Mead-esque "Silence and Storm" an inspiring and sweetly affecting ode to overcoming adversity that deftly illustrates Park's subtle potency. He doesn't have to throw in a Wall of Sound or a cavalcade of studio musicians to accomplish his goal. Instead he puts his vision in the hands of a select few and the end result truly pays dividends. 

Of the disc's final four offerings, Park contemplates hopeless romanticism on the tender "You Were Always the One," details his worries and fears on the organ-infused ballad "Starry Night," says goodbye to his former self on the gently rousing "Time Won't Wait," and muddles apprehension on quiet album closer "The Long Night." No one more powerful than the other, and none being any less than stellar. 

Perhaps what's best about Come What Will is that Park seems to understand who he is as an artist. Whereas most outfits would chase down something ballsy and progressive, Park goes for something comfortable, timeless and deeply affecting. Come What Will is chock full of songs that resonate and smolder inside the psyche. Five albums into an oft-overlooked career, Park may have just written the album of his life.

1. You'll Get Over
2. The Lucky Ones
3. Blackbird Through the Dark 
4. You're Enough 
5.Come What Will 
6. Silence and Storm 
7. You Were Always the One 
8. Starry Night 
9. Time Won't Wait 
10. The Long Night  

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/2010/11/08/patrick-park/