Banner: Sangeeth Sivan Productions, Rupali Entertainment, Pritish Nandy Communications

Color: C

Release Date: February 19, 2010

Language: Hindi

Genre: Horror

Shooting Studios: Filmcity, Future Studio

Producer: Sangeeth Sivan, Sanjay Ahluwalia, Vinay Chowksey

Director: Sangeeth Sivan

Star Cast:
Shreyas Talpade…… Avi
Sada…… Sonia
Sneha Ullal
Rehan Khan
Chunky Pandey

Cassettes and CD’s on: T-Series

Lyricist: Shabbir Ahmed

Music Director: Shamir Tandon

Background Music: Sandeep Chowta

Cinematography: T Ramji

Choreography: Remo D’Souza, Stanley

Action: Raam Shetty

Art: Narendra Rahurikar

Editor: Chirag Jain

Dialogue: Sameer Arora

Promos: Hemal Kothari

Characters:

Shreyas Talpade: Avi
Avi is an easygoing, hassle free guy in a relationship with Sonia, a working fashion model. Photography has been his passion since school and college; Avi grew this passion into a life long career as a fashion photographer. It was through his various assignments that he met Sonia. Their mutual interest and the common nature of their careers brought them closer.

Sada: Sonia
Sonia was an under-confident, reserved and timid girl before she met Avi. In Avi she found her confidence, her strength, and her love. It was instantaneous. Avi simply adored her and she loved him for that. Avi also became her confident and her best friend. His open nature and respect for Sonia’s opinion mattered a great deal to her. She reposed complete faith, trust and love in Avi.

Synopsis

From one of India’s smartest film-makers, Sangeeth Sivan, comes Click, 2009’s most bone-chilling film. They say that pictures always tell a story. The true story, Click is the story of a young photographer and his girlfriend. He takes beautiful pictures and yet when they’re printed they hide a secret. A secret that is so dark, terrifying and menacing that he hides it from his girlfriend. A secret from his past that if revealed, threatens to ruin not only his life but that of his family, friends and loved ones. A secret that comes from a world that’s different from ours.

Pritish Nandy communications and Play Entertainment bring you the scariest, darkest, most blood-curling film of the year, Click. What happens when the spirit world looks you straight in the eye and tells you to run of die?