ESPACONSOLAS


Publisher: Magitech Developer: Magitech System requirements: Windows XP with SP2/Vista (64-bit not supported), 2.0 ghz Intel Pentium CPU or equivalent, 512 mb of RAM, 100% OpenGL 1.3 compatible 64-mb video card, DirectX 8.1 compatible 16-bit sound card and drivers, 3.0 gb uncompressed disk space ( 200 mb for Windows system file) Genre: RTS Release date: Available now So far this year, I have had a plethora of strategy games to review, with settings ranging from Napoleonic Europe to a near-future fictional war between Syria and the U.S. With Takeda 3, I can now add one set in feudal Japan. It brands itself as a strategy game wherein you take control of one of 25 historical clans, engage in diplomacy, manage castles and territory, and command armies. With both broad strategic elements and tactical battles, Takeda 3 follows in the footsteps of its predecessors in giving you a taste of the Sengoku Jidai (%u201CWarring States Period%u201D). Strategically, Takeda 3 combines some basic resource management with a substantial number of historically specific concerns that need addressing. Each of the 25 clans in the game owns one or more castles, which represent not only the fortifications proper, but the surrounding farmlands and towns. The lands owned by your clan produce rice, which acts as both army supplies and the basic building blocks for most structures; gold, which can be used to purchase special items, hire ninjas and bribe the emperor; and sometimes teppo, which are Portuguese muskets. Your castles also produce various kinds of troops, based on the structures you have built. Managing these things is not too difficult, though as time progresses, your need for teppo will begin to outstrip your ability to acquire them. The historical aspects of the game include various real clans and people. It also involves historically accurate setups for each of its three scenarios, not unlike Europa Universalis 3: In Nomine, meaning that the difficulty of the game is as much influenced by the settings as it is by which clan you choose to play.
Takeda 3 Pc