Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"If You Only Knew" is the fourth single by the rock band Shinedown off their 2008 album The Sound of Madness. As of September 30, a video to the song is in pre-production. The music video premiered on October 6, 2009.

The song was written about Brent Smith's wife before they were married and she was pregnant with his child.

The song was used in a promo for ABC's daytime drama One Life To Live.

On the week ending November 14, 2009, "If You Only Knew" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at #92. Two weeks later, it peaked at #51.

The Sound of Madness is the third studio album by American alternative metal band Shinedown, released June 24, 2008. The album's lead single, "Devour", was released to radio on May 5, 2008.

The album's lyrics explore diverse subject matter as opposed to their previous albums; "Devour" ventures into political territory while "What a Shame" tells a story about lead singer Brent Smith's uncle, who died during the recording of the album. The song "If You Only Knew," which is about Smith's wife (then-girlfriend) and newborn child, was the first time that he had written a love ballad for Shinedown.

Shinedown's tour to support the album subsequently started with the band playing a few festival shows before the release of The Sound of Madness.

Brent Smith told Billboard.com "It's time to just go over the top, literally go above and beyond what a human being thinks they're capable of recording. We want to do a huge hard rock record that has a lot of crossover potential but also some of the most insanely intense and heavy material that this band has ever tried -- and see if we can pull it off." Smith said the group had more than 40 songs to consider after writing sessions in Atlanta, Nashville, and Los Angeles, and it eventually came down to 11. Shinedown road tested the four "potential singles" from the new batch: "Sound of Madness," "The Crow and the Butterfly," "Second Chance" and "Devour," the last of which turned out being the single and the first the title track, on a short run of festival and small venue tour dates.

The band began working on The Sound of Madness after several off-date shows in the summer 2007. Recording began in LA on September 20, 2007 with the final CD being completed in early-mid 2008.

On June 17, 2008, the entire original album was made available for streaming on the band's MySpace page. It was removed again a few days later.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

