X-Men 

One of the most popular superhero teams in comic book history finally comes to the 

screen in this big-budget adaptation of the long-running Marvel Comics series. 

Psychic Professor Xavier (Patrick Stewart) leads a school of skilled mutants 

called X-Men, a peacekeeping force to safeguard the world against a race of 

genetically mutated humans known as Homo Sapiens Superior. However, Magneto (Ian 

McKellen), a mutant with a powerful magnetic charge, has also begun to organize a 

team to strike first against what he believes to be a threat from humanity. When 

he kidnaps Rogue (Anna Paquin) from the X-Men's compound, Xavier and his forces 

must rescue her, even as they continue to vie with Magneto for the fearsomely 

strong mutant battler Wolverine (Hugh Jackman). Both Xavier and Magneto also have 

to contend with Senator Kelly (Bruce Davison), a heartless political leader who 

wants a final solution against mutants on both sides. Fighting for the forces of 

virtue with the X-Men are Famke Janssen as Jean Grey, Halle Berry as Storm, and 

James Marsden as Cyclops; Rebecca Romjin-Stamos as Mystique, Ray Park as the Toad, 

and Tyler Mane as Sabretooth are the minions of Magneto. ~ Mark Deming, All Movie 

Guide

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

X2: X-Men United 

When a failed assassination attempt occurs on the President's (Cotter Smith) life 

by the teleporting mutant Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming), it's Professor Xavier 

(Patrick Stewart) and his School for Gifted Youngsters who are targeted for the 

crime. While Jean Grey (Famke Janssen) and Storm (Halle Berry) try and locate the 

assassin, Cyclops (James Marsden) and Xavier (also known as 'Professor X') seek 

answers from their old foe Magneto (Ian McKellan) in his glass cell...Little do 

they know they're walking into a trap set by the villainous William Stryker (Brian 

Cox), a mysterious governmental figure that figures into Wolverine's (Hugh 

Jackman) secretive past, along with information about the X-Men's operation, 

supplied by Magneto through a mind-controlling agent. Meanwhile Wolverine, just 

home from a failed mission to regain his memory, is in charge of the students when 

a crack-commando team led by Stryker infiltrates the school by order of the 

President. With a mansion full of young, powerful mutants and the ferocious 

Wolverine in babysitter mode, can he defend the school against the one man who can 

answer his questions? What roles do the sinister Mystique (Rebecca Romijn-Stamos) 

and Lady Deathstrike (Kelly Hu) have in all of this? Why does Stryker want 

Professor X and his Cerebro machine? With the war between humanity and mutants 

escalating to extremes, can the rest of the X-Men trust their old foes to help 

them? Director Bryan Singer returns and raises the stakes in this sequel to the 

highly lauded 2000 adaptation of Marvel Comics' X-Men. ~ Jeremy Wheeler, All Movie 

Guide

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

X-Men: The Last Stand 

The explosive X-Men motion picture trilogy officially draws to a close with this 

release that finds Rush Hour director Brett Ratner stepping in for Bryan Singer to 

tell the tale of a newly discovered mutant "cure," and the polarizing effect it 

has on mutant/man relations. With the pressure on mutants to give up their powers 

and pledge alliance with the human race reaching a critical turning point, 

Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart) urges tolerance and understanding as 

his nemesis Magneto (Ian McKellen) gathers a powerful resistance in preparation 

for the ultimate war against humankind. Hugh Jackman, Halle Berry, Anna Paquin, 

and James Marsden return to reprise the roles they played in the previous two X-

Men films, with Kelsey Grammer and Vinnie Jones joining the cast as Beast and 

Juggernaut respectively. ~ Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

X-Men Origins: Wolverine

The gruff, adamantium-clawed Marvel superhero Wolverine strikes out on his own in 

this X-Men spin-off starring series regular Hugh Jackman. The story gets under way 

as the boy who will become Wolverine makes a shocking discovery about his family 

bloodline, and gains a brother in the process. Flash forward to find the mutant 

siblings battling side by side through two world wars and Vietnam -- where they 

are sentenced to death for killing a commanding officer -- and Logan (Hugh 

Jackman) and his brother, Victor Creed (aka Sabretooth, played by Liev Schreiber), 

have joined a top-secret government task force. When their targets begin to 

include innocent civilians, conscientious Logan escapes to the Canadian Rockies, 

where he builds a home with pretty schoolteacher Kayla Silverfox (Lynn Collins). 

Informed by his old commanding officer William Stryker (Danny Huston) that the 

members of his old team are being targeted for death, Logan is heartbroken when 

Victor finds and kills Kayla. Vowing revenge, Logan agrees to take part in a 

dangerous experiment that will fuse his bones with a powerful metal alloy called 

adamantium, which makes him virtually indestructible and gives him the strength 

needed to defeat his powerful brother. Subsequently betrayed by Stryker, Logan 

(now Wolverine) sets out to find his blood-lusting brother and stop the cycle of 

violence once and for all. Along the way, the temperamental hero is joined by 

fellow mutants John Wraith (Will.i.Am) and Remy LeBeau (aka Gambit, played by 

Taylor Kitsch). But before Wolverine can seek vengeance against Striker and his 

brother, he'll have to do battle with Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) a formidable mutant 

instilled with many powers. ~ Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide