The Godfather-Mario Puzo

Ipod ready audio book


Book I

The Godfather opens in 1945, at the wedding of Connie Corleone, the only daughter of Vito Corleone, the head of the most powerful organized crime family in the United States. During the wedding, Corleone, respectfully referred to as the Don or Godfather, is obliged to meet with people who seek his help. As the novel explains, "by tradition no Sicilian can refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day." One man's daughter was raped, and he asks Don Corleone to punish the rapists; another man needs political support so that his daughter's fiancé will not be deported; another, the Don's actual godson, is a famous singer whose career will fail if he does not get the movie role that a Hollywood producer has refused to him.

The long wedding sequence is used to introduce the main characters. Don Corleone's oldest son, Sonny, is a hot-tempered ladies man; Fredo is a weak-willed drunkard; and his youngest son, Michael, has disappointed his father by staying out of the family business and joining the army. Michael is at the wedding with his girlfriend from college, Kay Adams, who does not know that the family is into organized crime until he tells her some chilling stories about other wedding guests. Other important characters include Tom Hagen, the Corleone family's adopted son, who serves the Godfather as a counselor in criminal activities, and Clemenza and Tessio, the captains in the Corleone army.

As soon as the wedding is over, Don Corleone takes his sons to visit his old friend and counselor, Genco Abbandando, who is dying in the hospital. That same night, Hagen is sent to California to make the movie producer give the required role to his godson, Johnny Fontane. While they are talking, the producer shows Hagen a beautiful race horse that he has bought. He says that he is sorry that he cannot cast Johnny in the movie. The next morning, the producer wakes to find the horse's severed head in his bed, and, realizing the ferocity and stealth of the Corleone crime family, he arranges to cast Johnny.

A meeting is arranged with Virgil Sollozzo, a drug dealer who wants the Corleone family to be partners with him. Don Corleone says that he will not be involved with drugs, but during the meeting Sonny shows interest.

Three months later, an assassination attempt is made on the Don's life. He survives, but while he is in the hospital, another attempt is made. Michael, who is visiting at the time, manages to scare off the assassins. A meeting of family officials determines that Sollozzo the drug dealer will stop at nothing to kill the Don. Michael, who has stayed out of the family business, is the only one who can get close enough to Sollozzo to kill him; he shoots him dead in a restaurant and goes into exile in Italy.

Book II

Book II follows Johnny Fontane's life in Hollywood. Taking the advice of the Don, he has left his second wife, who committed adultery, and has established a platonic relationship with his first wife and their two daughters. Tom Hagen comes to California to offer Johnny money to start his own production company.

Book III

Book III starts with Vito Corleone's childhood: as a boy named Vito Andolini in Corleone, Sicily, he was forced to flee to America when a local Mafia chief ordered his entire family killed over an insult. Later, in New York, Clemenza and Tessio taught Vito crime, and he showed his capacity for violence by killing a gangster who tried to rob him. His reputation rose as he did favors for the people in the neighborhood, asking only their friendship in return. His business grew as he imported liquor during Prohibition, helped elect politicians, and established gambling syndicates.

Book IV

The gang war that began when the Don was shot continues, with Sonny leading the Corleone family against the other families of New York. Detectives visit Kay Adams in New Hampshire to ask if she knows Michael's whereabouts. They tell Kay that Michael killed Sollozzo and the police officer that was with him, and they threaten to tell her father, a minister, that she and Michael stayed in hotels together. When they do tell Kay's father, the minister stands up for his daughter.

One day, Connie Corleone's husband, Carlo Rizzi, beats her up. When she calls the family house in Long Island, Sonny hears what happened, and he drives off toward their apartment in Manhattan in a rage. The family's enemies catch him in a trap and kill him in a hale of bullets.

Book V

After the death of Sonny, Don Corleone leaves his sick bed and returns to business. He arranges a summit with the heads of crime families around the country and negotiates an end to the gangland war. The Corleone family loses power and prestige, but the Don insists that the other families allow Michael to return to America in peace. A plan is devised to have another man who is already sentenced to death confess to the murders Michael committed.

Lucy Mancini, whose affair with Sonny began at the wedding of Connie and Carlo, has been sent to Las Vegas after his death. There, she meets Dr. Jules Segal, a brilliant surgeon. They start an affair, and he diagnoses a physical abnormality that prohibits her from having a satisfying sex life. He operates on her to fix the problem.

Book VI

In Sicily, Michael comes to appreciate the culture of his father's people. He falls in love with a local girl, Apollonia, courts her according to ancient Sicilian custom, and marries her. One day, when they are going on a trip, she decides to drive the car. Michael sees his bodyguard sneaking away seconds before the car explodes, killing his bride.

Book VII

Years after she last saw him, Kay Adams calls the Corleone house to find out that Michael has been back home for six months. They meet, renew their relationship, and marry.

In Las Vegas, Dr. Segal is introduced to Johnny Fontane and determines that his weak voice is not caused by years of smoking and drinking, but by warts on his larynx. He performs a very simple operation to remove them and Johnny's singing career is revived.

Michael goes to Las Vegas and offers to buy a casino from Moe Greene, for whom his brother Fredo has been working. He is rejected, and later Moe Greene is murdered. The Don, working in his garden one morning, suffers a massive heart attack and dies. Michael tells Tom Hagen that the head of a rival family will try to kill him, that the person who approaches him with a deal from his rivals will be a traitor. The next day, Tessio calls to arrange a peace meeting.

Book VIII

On the day that Michael stands as godfather at the baptism of Connie and Carlo's child, all of the family's enemies are murdered. These enemies include Tessio, the bodyguard from Sicily, rival mob bosses Tattaglia and Barzini, and Carlo Rizzi, who admits to having helped enemies trap Sonny. When Connie accuses Michael of being involved in Carlo's death, he lies to her and Kay.

Book IX

The Corleone family is restored to the position of most powerful crime family in America. Kay has converted to Catholicism. She leaves Michael and moves back to New Hampshire. Tom Hagen comes out to tell her that Michael is willing to give her anything she wants to ensure their children's welfare. While there, he explains the pressures Michael lives with as the new Don, how it was his responsibility to kill Carlo and Tessio, as traitors. She ends up returning to him, burying her sorrows by going to daily mass and praying for Michael's soul.