Hip hop is constantly evolving.  While most hip hop artist fear venturing off the path left by their predecessors; emulating each other in order to stay afloat in the industry, Murk Brown the capital Miss capitalist Capital 1ne attempts to break boundaries and bring hip hop back to the days of lyrical expression. 

Born January 24, 1981 in Meridian, Mississippi. Demurtus Ra’Shaun Brown known better as Murk Brown is anything but the typical southern emcee. He brings the creativity and fresh perspective hip hop has been missing.  Each song is crafted to appeal to everyone from first time hip hop listeners to die hard hip hop heads.  Murk Brown offers two sides of the same coin. Enjoy life but remain conscious of what is really going on in the world.  A professional “beat rider,” Murk intends to “murk” every beat he flows on. His world play and rhyme schemes change with the mood of each song.  No matter what he keeps the philosophy “everything’s gonna be alright in the end.”  Where most artist fall short, Murk picks up the slack leading the charge to take hip hop where it has never been and still remain grounded to it’s roots. 

Recognized by his quick wit, smooth talk, and laid back personality, Murk Brown becomes one with his music.  Vividly painting lyrical artwork allowing you to feel his emotions and see stories unfold before your eyes.  Murk takes you on a trip through his mind, discussing crazy dreams, the change in hip hop and modern politics. Murk has been involved in music his whole life and has made microphone and beat as much apart of him as living and breathing. He is inspired by every genre of music from hip hop to rock and everything in between.  Whether rocking over a hardcore guitar riff or spitting a hot 16 over the hardest hitting club joint, Murk Brown will kill the beat.

His motto is peace and his slogan is “speak the truth.”  His passion is to help people realize that there is more to hip hop than what you hear today and try to expand people’s views on what music really is.  He intends to break down barriers and build bridges connecting all music and provide a common bond for all man kind--- good music. 
