The Joneses (2009)
Built around a brilliant idea, Derrick Borte's debut plays like The Truman Show in reverse. Whereas Jim Carrey's Truman had no idea his life provided fodder for a TV show, the upper-crust enclave that welcomes the Joneses has no idea they're a marketing unit in disguise. One day, Steve (David Duchovny, more Californication than The X-Files) and Kate (Demi Moore, whose businesslike demeanor serves the premise well)arrive with teenagers Jenn (Amber Heard) and Mick (Ben Hollingsworth) and a moving van full of luxury goods. Attractive and charismatic, they inspire everyone they meet to purchase the same sportswear, golf clubs, and gourmet foods (Lauren Hutton plays their supervisor). They make the biggest impression on Larry (Gary Cole) and Summer (Glenne Headly), whose marriage has hit a rough patch. Steve advises his new golf partner to buy his wife expensive presents. Larry takes his advice--and then some--in an attempt to keep up with the Joneses, who find it difficult to maintain the Stepford-like façade when Jenn gets involved with a married man and Steve falls for his make-believe wife. 

Size: 697.19 MB
Video

Codec ID/Hint : XviD
Duration : 1h 35mn
Bit rate : 903 Kbps
Width : 720 pixels
Height : 288 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.500
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
Resolution : 8 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.182

Audio
ID : 1
Format : MPEG Audio
Format version : Version 1
Format profile : Layer 3
Mode : Joint stereo
Format_Settings_ModeExtension : MS Stereo
Codec ID : 55
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Duration : 1h 35mn
Bit rate mode : Variable
Bit rate : 101 Kbps
Nominal bit rate : 112 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels

Burn Tested and ready to go!
Many thanks to all uploaders, peer groups and everyone who shares to keep doing what we do!!!
Many thanks to the original uploaders for sharing this movie!!!!
To care is to share, so please seed for AS LONG AS YOU CAN, thanks!!!

~~~Pandora~~~