Tangent Comics was a DC Comics imprint created in 1997-1998, developed from ideas created by Dan Jurgens. The line, formed from various one-shots, focused on creating all-new characters using established DC names, such as the Joker, Batman, and the Flash. Contrasting the Tangent Universe with the DC Universe Jurgens commented:

"The Tangent Universe tells the story of an Earth greatly influenced by the presence of super-powered beings.  While the DCU Earth is essentially the same as our own, no more advanced in terms of technology or communications despite the existence of those qualities within the super-powered community, Earth Tangent is greatly influenced by all of that.  Earth Tangent's economic, geographic and political landscapes are defined by the superhero community, whereas in the DCU those aspects exist unaffected by the superhero community."

The history of the Tangent Universe radically diverges from the real world due to the presence of superheroes.  The interference of the original Atom causes the Cuban Missile Crisis to escalate into a limited nuclear exchange that results in the nuclear obliteration of Florida and Cuba.  The aftermath of the destruction of Florida shapes the lives of several characters.  As a result of the Cuban War in this timeline, the Soviet Union still existed in the late nineties, and was still a world superpower.  

In the 1998 one-shots, a huge electromagnetic pulse disables all technology worldwide, and an incredibly powerful being called the Ultra-Humanite begins taking over the world.

The Tangent Universe was the revisited 10 years later, both in reality and fiction, in the twelve issue limited series Tangent: Superman's Reign.  The series ran between March 2008 until February 2009, and was written by Dan Jurgens with art by Carlos Magno.  In the years since the Tangent world was last seen, the Tangent Superman has taken control and brought peace, but at the cost of his world's freedoms.  And as the walls between the Tangent Earth and the DC Earth being to fall, the Tangent Superman's visions are about to get even grander!

Infinite Crisis identified the Tangent universe as Earth-97, part of the recreated Multiverse.  As Earth-97 was being destroyed in the chaos, Green Lantern said that the heroes had to follow her lantern's light in order to survive.  At the end of the story on New Earth, two children found the lantern belonging to the Tangent Universe's Green Lantern washed up on a beach.

The Tangent universe's Green Lantern, Flash and Atom recently appeared in Ion #9 and #10, in which they displaced Ion and the two children who had found the lantern.  During this appearance, everything said by the Tangent heroes was a repeat of lines from the original Tangent comics run.


Released on http://ComicPirates.info