 http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,587925,00.html

President Obama flip-flops on reconciliation 

 The louder America speaks, the less this administration seems to listen.

The tribe has spoken clearly on health care: 73 percent want this bill scrapped; 52 percent are against the reforms altogether. President Obama came out Wednesday and said he's just going forward and using reconciliation. But America opposes use of reconciliation by a 52 to 39 percent margin.

And even he seemed to oppose the "50-plus-one" option in 2007:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

THEN-SENATOR BARACK OBAMA: You've got to break out of what I call, sort of, the 50-plus-one pattern of presidential politics. Maybe you eke out a victory of 50-plus-one, then you can't govern. You know, you get Air Force One, I mean there are a lot of nice perks, but you can't deliver on health care. We're not going to pass universal health care with a 50-plus-one strategy.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Universal health care? Wait a minute, didn't the president just say this summer that he's not for universal health care?

Weird. Anyway, if you can't govern like that, then why are you doing it? Here's a hint from James Carville:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JAMES CARVILLE, DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST: If the bill loses, it proves Senator DeMint right. It will, I think, by and large, be a lot of the president's Waterloo and I think a lot of Democrats understand that.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Let me give you the real answer, not from me but from Andy Stern:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

ANDY STERN, PRESIDENT OF SEIU: The politics are complicated. You know, people are making investments in politics and they expect the return on their, I mean, on their investments. There's not an ideology involved in corporations. They're looking for a return on their investments.

I'm totally involved in distorting the political system, you know, with contributions. You know, that's what — that's what we've become in America, so we have to do that.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

So that's what's happening. They just want a return on their investment. They spent at least $75 million on the election and that's just this one union. And now they demand results. Look at this press release from SEIU: "SEIU Members to Politicians: Live Up to Your Promises or We Will Hold You Accountable."

We don't want a European health care system. I know our system isn't perfect, but what's this obsession with trying to be more like Europe? Is it because they have more museums and more compact cars? Do we envy their funny-looking teeth and overall bad personal hygiene? What is so great about Europe that I am missing?

Before 1900, Europe tried to be like us. They built the Statue of Liberty in France in 1884 as a way to show the French to be more like America. At the time we were expanding our economy. When we eventually started to mimic them, we began contracting. And the more we follow their lead, the more problems we have. Usually when you try and emulate someone, it's someone who's good at what they do. Do any contestants on "American Idol" say, "Yeah, I want to be just like Vanilla Ice"?

Well, Europe is Vanilla Ice. And in Vanilla's defense, he has had one hit in the last 100 years. Give me the victories of Europe in the last 100 years. What's Europe ever done? Besides screw everything up?

Right now they are imploding: Spain had 18.1 percent unemployment at the end of '09 and it's expected to hit 20 percent this year; Greece is broke; Ireland and England are on the brink of economic disaster. It's a total mess. And we are looking at *that* model and saying, "Yeah, give me some of that!" Apparently so, because here we are marching down the health care road, looking for more big government and more handouts. Despite the reams and reams of evidence to show spending and big government aren't working.

Take a look at this chart here — this will blow your mind. We aren't making any more but we keep spending; how is that working out? It can't be that great, because I saw Obama's economic team Tuesday say yeah, don't pay attention to the latest jobs numbers. That was because of the snow or something. Just ignore it

Is this how it works in your family? When the income flat-lines, do you just start buying up boats and vacation houses and spend more money than you ever have before? And then tell your wife to ignore the bill? In what universe does this make sense? How does it make sense to have Andy Stern, who is bankrupting the union he runs and who is all for global government and globalization, be on the committee to fix our deficit? And how will we address all of America's concerns when we have to worry about the whole globe equally?

How about cap-and-trade? We are still pushing that. Even Progressive Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham has proposed putting a price on carbon, starting with a very focused carbon tax.

Spain tried this and they are paying the price: For every green job gained, they lost two elsewhere in the economy. And remember what the president about cap-and-trade?

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

THEN-PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE BARACK OBAMA: Under my plan of a cap-and-trade system, electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

"Necessarily skyrocket." I guess he wasn't kidding: According to Harvard's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, to meet the Obama administration's targets for cutting greenhouse gas emissions, Americans may have to experience gasoline that costs $7 a gallon.

How does $7 dollars a gallon make sense in this economy? Will that help your family?

I'm not the smartest guy in the world. I barely made it past Algebra. But I can see this isn't sustainable. And you can see it. There are much smarter people who have achieved power and who are currently voting and crafting health care and cap-and-trade and the stimulus. Are we supposed to believe they have no idea big government doesn't work?

The only way any of this makes any sense, is a theory we've talked about on this show many times: Cloward and Piven. These are popular and influential radical leftists who felt the only way to implement the system they wanted was to collapse the current one. Make sure to have the structure of the new system in place and voila.

Europe knows it's falling apart. It's not like they are proudly running infomercials: "Hey Americans, are you tired of the same old boring republic? Well, we've got the system for you!" No, they are looking to a new model. And their new model isn't, "Wow, there is too much government control here. We need to scale back." France and Germany have come out now and proposed this new structure that are doubling down and going for an even *more* oppressive and bloated government. And that new system resembles China more than anything else.

China is becoming the new it model around the globe. And if China is what Europe really wants, then guess what, we are all moving towards China. We should consider ourselves lucky if we come out of this thing looking like France.

Why do you think there are so many Maoists hanging around the White House? Ron Bloom, Anita Dunn, Van Jones. Because it's where we are headed. And remember, this isn't a place you want to live. Yes, they have 200 million people living comfortably in the middle class. That's great. But the other 1 billion are living in complete and total hell: poverty and oppression.

Do you remember the young Chinese Olympic gymnast from the 2008 Beijing Games? Here's the press conference exchange after she won a medal:

"Were your parents here to see you compete, among the cheering crowds?"

"I don't know."

"When was the last time you went home?"

"Ummm ... before I joined the national team,"

"When was that?"

"More than a year ago."

Does that sound like the system you want your kids growing up in? Sure, they can make things cheaper. But how do you think they do it?

So, back to health care, let me see if I have this right: If you are sick already, the government says health insurance companies have to take you person. And, once covered, they can never drop you. Well, those sound nice. But if they also are going to cap the rates — it doesn't work in business. It will put all insurance companies out of business.

And that is the intention here: To collapse the system and create a new one.