As televisions first title roll female Private Eye, Honey West would take on any tough case. After the death of her father, the sexy private detective took over his high-tech PI firm. Being assisted by the rugged Sam Bolt and her pet ocelot Bruce, she could handle herself mingling with millionaires just as well as scaling a thirty foot wall.

Anne Francis, John Ericson, Bruce the Ocelot


DISC THREE: 

"How Brillig, O, Beamish Boy" - written by Don Ingalls, directed by Ida Lupino: Sam is kidnapped and held for ransom. Can Honey save him? This episode features an exploding pen gadget. (25:28)

"King of The Mountain" - written by Jay Simms, directed by Thomas Carr: Honey goes undercover as a private nurse for a rich, but possibly shady, recluse. A different type of camera watch is used in this episode. (25:18)

"It's Earlier Than You Think" - written by Marc Brandel, directed by James Brown: A dying man dressed up like Abraham Lincoln bursts into Honey's office with a very old newspaper. Who is after him and why? A hidden compartment ring gadget is featured in this episode. (25:28)

"The Perfect Un-Crime" - written by Ken Kolb, directed by Sidney Miller: A man with a good conscience hires Honey to put back the money he stole from the company he works for. (25:29)

"Like Visions and Omens and All That Jazz" - written by Tony Barrett, directed by John Florea: An heiress hires Honey to keep an eye on her daughter, who she believes has been targeted for murder. (25:28)

"Don't Look Now, But Isn't That Me" - written by Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov, directed by James Brown: Honey's seeing double when an imposter, looking just like her, is stealing valuable furs. Anne Francis is a hoot in the dual role of Pandora Fox. A bolo belt gadget is used in this episode. (25:27)

"Come To Me, My Litigation Baby" - written by Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov, directed by Thomas Carr: An insurance company hires Honey to run surveillance on a recently crippled man to see if he truly sustained his injuries or is in fact a fraud. This episode features the humorous "Honey West Walk" dance routine. (25:16)

Extra Features:
Vintage Commercials - Lucky Strike cigarettes, Pall Mall cigarettes, Traffic Safety, El Producto cigars, Prell shampoo, Chanel #5 perfume (X2), Vectra pantyhose, American Motors, Chiffon margarine, Crest toothpaste (X2), The UN in Action, Muriel cigars, Seven Seas salad dressing. 15 commercials total. (11:08)

Total Running Time Approximately 189 Min.
