 http://bayimg.com/oAoJFAAcc

Advise & Consent (1962)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055728/

Advise & Consent is a 1962 American motion picture based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Allen Drury, published in 1959. The movie was adapted for the screen by Wendell Mayes and was directed by Otto Preminger. The ensemble cast features Henry Fonda, Charles Laughton, Don Murray, Walter Pidgeon, Peter Lawford, Gene Tierney, Franchot Tone, Lew Ayres, Burgess Meredith, Eddie Hodges, Paul Ford, George Grizzard, Inga Swenson, Betty White and others.

 Henry Fonda ...  Robert A. Leffingwell 
 Charles Laughton ...  Senator Seabright Seab Cooley 
 Don Murray ...  Senator Brigham Anderson 
 Walter Pidgeon ...  Senate Majority Leader Bob Munson 
 Peter Lawford ...  Senator Lafe Smith 
 Gene Tierney ...  Dolly Harrison 
 Franchot Tone ...  The President 
 Lew Ayres ...  Vice President Harley Hudson 
 Burgess Meredith ...  Herbert Gelman 
 Eddie Hodges ...  Johnny Leffingwell 
 Paul Ford ...  Senator Stanley Danta 
 George Grizzard ...  Senator Fred Van Ackerman 
 Inga Swenson ...  Ellen Anderson 
 Frank Sinatra ...  Himself - on Recording at Gay Bar (voice) (archive sound) 
 Edward Andrews ...  Senator Orrin Knox 

The film is a fictional behind-the-scenes look at politics and governance in Washington, D.C.. The story follows the machinations set into play in the United States Senate when a second-term president surprises his political party by nominating a liberal with a hidden past for Secretary of State.

The films and novels title comes from the United States Constitutions Article II, Sec. 2, cl. 2, which provides that the President of the United States shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consults, Judges of the Supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States.

Many scenes were filmed on real locations in Washington D.C., including the Capitol, the canteen of the Treasury Building, the Washington Monument and the Crystal Room of the Sheraton Carlton Hotel.

Preminger offered Dr Martin Luther King Jr. a cameo role as a U.S. Senator from Georgia;, although there were no serving African-American Senators at the time. King reportedly gave the offer serious consideration but eventually turned it down, feeling that it might cause hostility and hurt the civil rights movement.

Advise & Consent was one of a sequence of Preminger films that challenged both the Motion Picture Association of Americas Production Code and the notorious Hollywood blacklist. It pushed censorship boundaries with its depiction of a married US Senator who is being blackmailed over a wartime homosexual affair, and it was the first mainstream American movie after World War II to show a gay bar. Preminger confronted the blacklist by casting left-wing actors Will Geer and Burgess Meredith, with the added ironic twist that Merediths character accuses Fondas character of having been part of a Communist cell in his youth. This was the first of five films in which Preminger cast Burgess Meredith and, coincidentally, both men subsequently guest-starred as super-villains in the 1960s Batman TV series (Meredith in his famous role as The Penguin, and Preminger as Mr Freeze).

It also marked the screen comeback of Gene Tierney, whose breakthrough to major stardom came in Premingers 1944 film Laura. Tierney had withdrawn from acting for several years because of her ongoing struggle with bipolar disorder; Advise & Consent was the last of four films she made for Preminger and one of her last major film roles.

Actress Betty White (best known for her role in the sitcom The Golden Girls) made her film debut in Advise & Consent, playing a young Senator from Kansas. Actress Inga Swenson (who played Ellen Anderson) also later worked with Golden Girls creator Susan Harris, playing the role of the villainous Ingrid Svenson in Harris cult 1970s comedy series Soap, as well as appearing once on The Golden Girls as Whites sister.

This was Charles Laughtons last film; he was suffering from cancer during filming, and died six months after the films release.

Peter Lawford was John F. Kennedys brother-in-law when the story was filmed. He plays Lafe Smith, identified as a senator from Rhode Island, although in Drurys book the character represents Iowa.

In the roll-call vote scene near the end, Munson erroneously tells Van Ackerman that he will censor him as punishment for his actions. The correct word for admonishing a senator is censure, not censor.

In 1972, Lew Ayers would again play the Vice President, and Meredith a Senator, in the film version of Irving Wallaces novel The Man.

The staff of Variety liked the acting but believed the screenplay was problematic. They wrote, As interpreted by producer-director Otto Preminger and scripter Wendell Mayes, Advise and Consent is intermittently well dialogued and too talky, and, strangely, arrested in its development and illogicalâ