Banner: Chitra Creations

Status: Completed

Color: C

Release Date: April 16, 2010

Language: Hindi

Genre: Comedy / Romance

Shooting Locations (City & Country): Ladakh (India), Mumbai (India), Goa (India)

Producer: Som Shekar

Director: Som Shekar

Star Cast:
Gashmeer Mahajani…… Vivek
Twinkle Patel…… Preeti
Sunil Sabarwal…… Amar
Simran Suri…… Gauri
Chirag Sethi…… Sunil
Hiten Paintal…… Prakash Raj
Tiku Talsania…… Chacha
Mukesh Bhatt (1)…… DLT
Atul Parchure…… Elton
Khayali…… Dr. Naseeb
Rajshree Choudhary…… Priya
Om Katare…… Anand Agnihotri
Arijit Sen Gupta…… Saurabh Shorcar
Jiten Mukhi…… Mishraji
Reshma Merchant…… Mrs. Mishraji
Sudesh Lehri…… Khaatkar
Ranjeet…… Major Uncle

Cassettes and CD’s on: T-Series

Singers: Saurabh Srivastava, Raja Mushtaq, K K, Shaan, Sunidhi Chauhan, Ranjit Barot

Lyricist: Mehboob

Music Director: Ranjit Barot

Cinematography: Jatinder Sharma

Choreography: Reshma Khan, Sabina Khan, Uma Shankar Nair, Pappu Maalu, Tobby Fernandes

Action: Allan Amin

Editor: Santosh Kumar

Sound: Arun Nambiar

Media Relations: Himanshu Jhunjhunwala

Publicity Designs: Marching Ants

Story / Writer: Anurag Kashyap

Synopsis:

Characters:

Gashmeer Mahajani: Vivek
Vivek is a young man who has his own unique yet simple way of looking at life. Presence and not prejudice of the mind is what rules Vivek’s attitude to situations. His particular manner of reasoning & leadership qualities spread a positive attitude amongst his friends. And his unusual understanding of situations wins them over. His clarity & conviction of thought & speech shine through.

Twinkle Patel: Preeti
Preeti is an industrialist’s daughter. She is demure, and pleasant. Has natural charm and instantly likeable. Preeti is a rare combination of intelligence & innocence, and with her wonderful smile, very appealing.
A young lady, she has innate goodness and exudes individuality. There is a wonderful play between the nuances of the foreign returned Preeti and the not so ‘urban’ Vivek.

Synopsis

Muskurake Dekh Zara is a story of a young ‘boy man’ named Vivek. It’s a story of simple emotions & disappointments of love and life. Vivek (Gashmeer Mahajani) has an ‘upright’ attitude, and ability to put people in their place and add lightness into moody and mundane situations not only when he interacts with his life’s love Preeti (Twinkle Patel) but also when he encounters and jests with the simple, funny and harmless folks – like the eccentric live in DLT (Duniya Lal Tripati), the ‘badnaseeb’ hotel manager Khaatkar , the curious curio shop owner Elton, the heroine’s eternally inebriated Chaacha who feels that one’s ’spirit’ can be derived only from downing spirits. The film’s lighter moments beautifully intersperse with the hero’s portrayal of a character of depth.

An incident of embarrassment drives Vivek from his hometown to Mumbai where he falls in love with Preeti. His leadership qualities & unusual understanding of situations makes his friends look up to him. It is his wonderful ability to reason that wins him the love of Preeti & finally put the villain Prakash Raj at bay.

In MDZ, it’s not just love & disappointment but the fresh way they are handled that makes the film unique. With presence & not prejudice of the mind, Vivek deals with life’s various & varied situations as they happen to him. This Love & Laughter story is propped up by excellent comedy tracks & songs.