Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Don't Cry" is the first single from progressive rock band Asia's second album Alpha.

Alpha is a 1983 album by rock quartet Asia.

After the huge commercial success of their first album, Asia, Alpha sold relatively poorly and was considered a disappointment by some fans. Wetton, during the interviews for Astra suggested that the albums should be heard as a progression in the order "Alpha, Asia, Astra".

Filled with commercial hooks, Alpha was the product of Geoff Downes' and John Wetton's song-writing. Steve Howe was mostly left out of the writing process, causing tensions within the band. Recorded in Morin Heights, Canada, Alpha is Asia's second album with John Wetton as vocalist and last album with Steve Howe as full-time guitarist until 2008's Phoenix.

The first track on Alpha, "Don't Cry", became a top 10 hit, peaking at #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and #1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. Alpha was certified Platinum by the RIAA on October 11, 1983. The other single, "The smile has left your eyes", was coupled with a Wetton/Howe track "Lying to yourself".

The album was originally intended to be called "Arcadia", but the name was changed at a relatively late stage after a short-lived pop supergroup announced it intended to use that name. The cover art reflects the original title, and includes various items suggested by the band.

Asia is a rock group formed in 1981. The band was labelled a supergroup and included former members of veteran progressive rock bands Yes, King Crimson, Emerson, Lake & Palmer, Uriah Heep, U.K., Roxy Music, Wishbone Ash and The Buggles. Since 2007, there have been two distinct groups using the Asia name: a reunion of the band's original line-up performing as Asia, and Asia Featuring John Payne as a continuation of the pre-2006 Asia line-up, initially featuring three of its members.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

