The Three Stooges Collection - Volume Two - 1937-1939

These are remastered in high definition shorts of the Stooges. I kept the original AC3 stream because it was <10MB difference between that and a 128kbps MP3 stream.
They are laid out easily for you to pick and choose whichever short you want to get, no RAR's! If all goes well, I will encode and upload the additional volumes. 

Enjoy! 


XviD - 640 x 480 Full Screen - AC3



Disc 1

001 - Grips, Grunts and Groans
When the Stooges get a prizefighter drunk, Curly has no choice but to step in and take his place inside the ring.

002 - Dizzy Doctors
The Stooges' wives have issued a warning: you snooze, you lose. So they get a job selling a miracle medicine, but it'll be a miracle if they can sell it.

003 - Three Dumb Clucks
Their father's plan to marry prompts the Stooges to break out of jail to save him from himself...and, it turns out, from his intended's dangerous posse.

004 - Back to the Woods
The Stooges get sentenced to fifty-five years in a British jail but are instead sent to America to protect the colonist from the Indians.

005 - Goofs and Saddles
The stakes are higher than ever when the Stooges ante up to play poker with General Muster's nemesis, Longhorn Pete.

006 - Cash and Carry
Con Men or Good Samaritans? Larry, Moe and Curly blast into the U.S. Treasury in order to get cash to help a poor girl's disabled brother.

007 - Playing the Ponies
A horse is a Stooge, of course, of course. When the Stooges get saddled with a lame horse, they discover what will make him hot on the track: chili pepperinos!

008 - The Sitter-Downers
Marriage isn't all bliss, as Larry, Moe and Curly find out when they set up house with Corabell, Florabell and Dorabell. You could call them the Dumbbells.

009 - Termites of 1938
The Stooges make pest of themselves at a high society party when a maid mistakenly phones their exterminator company instead of an escort service.

010 - Wee Wee Monsieur
Paris is for lovers, and for the Three Stooges, as struggling artists who paint themselves into a corner when they try to rescue a military captain from kidnappers.

011 - Tassels in the Air
Moe pretends to be trendy interior designer Omay (Omay is Moe in Pig Latin) and he, Larry and Curly proceed to make an essmay of a socialite's home.

012 - Healthy, Wealthy and Dumb
When Curly wins $50,000 the Stooges start living the high life...until they get the lowdown on exactly how much they get after taxes.

013 - Violent is the Word for Curly
It's full service fun when three college professors are literally blown away by the Three Stooges when they Stop at their filling station.




Disc 2

001 - Three Missing Links
Larry, Moe and Curly go on location to Africa when Curly is cast as a gorilla, and there there come face-to-face with danger when they encounter a real gorilla on the set.
 
002 - Mutts to You
When the Stooges find a baby, they take it back to their dog laundry business, but wind up in the dog house when they are accused of kidnapping the baby.

003 - Flat Foot Stooges
Moe, Larry and Curly take care of the horses that draw the fire chief's trucks, but when a crooked fire truck salesman turns up the heat, they get fired up for action.

004 - Three Little Sew and Sews
Working as tailors on a navy ship puts the Stooges in a pressing situation after Curly wears the admiral's jacket to a party and is seduced by a spy.

005 - We Want Our Mummy
The Stooges trek to Cairo to rescue a kidnapped professor and return a priceless mummy, a case that may take them awhile to wrap up.

006 - A Ducking They Did Go
After recruiting the police chief, governor and mayor into what turns out to be a sham duck hunting club, the Stooges cleverly find a way to avoid jail.

007 - Yes, We Have No Bonanza
Gold prospectors Larry, Moe and Curly set out to make a better life life for themselves and three waitresses, but get served more than they can swallow.

008 - Saved By the Belle
When the Stooges are arrested for treason, a crime punishable by death in the kingdom of Valeska, they use a loudly slurping guard to help cover their noisy escape.

009 - Calling All Curs
Veterinarians Moe, Curly and Larry find their business going to the dogs when one of their prize patients is stolen and held for ransom.

010 - Oily to Bed, Oily to Rise
The Stooges fall in love with three beautiful girls whose widowed mother is robbed of the lease to her oil-oozing land.

011 - Three Sappy People
When phone repairmen Larry, Moe and Curly inadvertently answer a call meant for three psychiatrists, they try to cure a socialite of her wild behavior.