Reverse Engineering Digital Team                 
                                                                      
                           PROUDLY  PRESENT                          
                                              
                            
                 i N F O                       
                                                          
                                                              
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                         
            T.Splines.for Rhino.v2.Build20091120.Cracked-RedT                  
                                                                               
                                                                         
     DATE......: 03/12/2009                                              
     SUPPLIER..: RED TEAM                                                
     CRACKER...: RED TEAM                                                
     PACKER....: RED TEAM                                                
     TYPE......: Crack                                                   
     PROTECTION: Other                                                   
     PLATFORM..: WinAll                                                  
     SIZE......: 02x.5.00MB                                              
     URL.......: http://www.tsplines.com/                                
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                    
                                        
                       
                 N O T E S                
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
       T-Splines for Rhino helps designers easily create and edit        
        fluid, organic shapes for design and manufacturing. This         
      plugin, tightly integrated with Rhino 4, adds a suite of new       
         surfacing tools to help designers speed up their design         
      time, accomplish tasks that would be tedious or difficult in       
        Rhino, and translate between subdivision surface modeling        
                           programs and Rhino.                           
        T-Splines 2.0 for Rhino overview from T-Splines on Vimeo.        
                            Product benefits                             
                                                                         
              * Design faster: Speed up the design process and           
           decrease your design time. Replace slow and tedious           
         workflows with T-Splines' rapid surface creation tools.         
            * Meet customer requirements with ease: Easily create        
       models that meet aesthetic requirements and match customer        
                         design specifications.                          
            * Be more innovative: Create fluid and organic shapes        
                that cannot be modeled with other tools.                 
              * Be more competitive: Cycle through more design           
       iterations in less time and respond faster to design bids.        
            * Create production-ready designs: T-Splines surfaces        
                are ready for analysis and manufacturing.                
           * Eliminate rework and clean-up: Create continuous and        
                            gap-free models.                             
                                                                         
            The reason I am excited about T-Splines is that its         
       increasingly difficult to bid competitively for design jobs       
      in the past few years as off-shore design agencies have been       
                          driving margins down.                          
                                                                         
          A recent design project that would have typically been a       
        3 to 4 hour modeling job for me took only 20 minutes with        
         T-Splines. That means I could pump out 10 to 15 design          
       iterations in a day, and more quickly converge on the final       
      design with my client. With this speed I can underbid larger       
      companies and still make the same profit I made 5 years ago.       
                         - Dan Falvey, tools4design                      
                                                                         
                            Product features                             
                                                                         
          * New modeling technique: Polygonal or Box modeling is a       
        method where the designer pulls on, extrudes, and scales         
        basic shapes to quickly rough out a desired shape. As the        
        model becomes more refined, sections of the shape can be         
        subdivided to add more detail and control. T-Spines makes        
         this technique available for the first time in a NURBS          
                     compatible method. Read more...                     
             * Powerful surfacing tools: Using simple T-Splines          
        commands, its easy to generate editable, non-rectangular        
        surfaces from curvessomething thats not possible to do         
                        using NURBS. Read more...                        
            * High level of shape control: Keeping the number of         
      control points to a minimum (to facilitate a smooth surface)       
       is the first rule of modeling. T-Splines makes this easy to       
      do, by letting you insert single control points instead of a       
         whole row, as required in NURBS. Editing these points,          
        deleting sections of points, and adding local creases are        
                             possible, too.                              
             * Interoperability: Import polygonal models or .obj         
         files and convert them to T-Splines surfaces. T-Splines         
      surfaces are 100 percent directionally compatible with NURBS       
          and at any point in the design, you can convert your           
       T-Splines model to a NURBS model for downstream analysis or       
                      manufacturing applications.                        
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                   
                                        
                       
               R L S N F O              
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
                               1. read nfo                               
                                2. unpack                                
                               3. install                                
                     4. read readme and replace file                     
                     5. thank you for choosing RedT                      
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                    
                                        
                       
                G i N F O               
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
                                                                         
                                                                         
                          No News At The Moment                          
                                                                         
                           We are not looking                            
                                   for                                   
                                anything                                 
                                                                         
                         C O N T A C T                             
                                                              
                    www...:                                
                      email...:                               
                        iRC...:                                
                                                                 
                                                               
                       RedT is a Closed Group                  
                                                               
                                                             
                                                            
                                                  
                                     
                         
                                   
                                    
                                  
                 ascii  VN!RcA 
                          
                                
                                         
                              
                                         
                                              
                                    2k9