Directed by 	Neil LaBute
Produced by 	Sidney Kimmel
William Hordberg
Chris Rock
Share Stallings
Laurence Malkin
Written by 	Dean Craig
Starring 	Chris Rock
Martin Lawrence
Luke Wilson
Tracy Morgan
Danny Glover
Regina Hall
Kevin Hart
James Marsden
Zoe Saldana
Loretta Devine
Ron Glass
Peter Dinklage
Columbus Short
Music by 	Christophe Beck
Cinematography 	Rogier Stoffers
Editing by 	Tracey Wadmore-Smith
Studio 	SKE Entertainment
Wonderful Films
Parabolic Pictures
Stable Way Entertainment
Distributed by 	Screen Gems
Release date(s) 	April 16, 2010 (2010-04-16)
Running time 	92 min.
Country 	United States
Language 	English
Budget 	$21 million
Gross revenue 	$48,577,257


Género: Comedia
Año: 2010
Duración: 92 min.
Norma de video: NTSC
Aspect Ratio: 16:19
Idioma: Inglés 5.1
Subtitulo: Español Latino, Inglès
Menú: Si
Extras: No

El entierro de un patriarca conduce a una serie de acontecimientos de familia, revelando secretos oscuros y posiblemente hasta criminales. Todo comienza cuando los miembros de una familia americana se reúnen para despedir juntos al amado esposo y padre de familia recién fallecido. Todo transcurre en un entretenido día en el que, a medida que los miembros de la familia van llegando a la casa familiar, revelaciones escandalosas, resentimientos purulentos, sucias amenazas, chantajes y un cadáver mal encaminado desatarán un caos mortífero y desenfrenado... Remake del film dirigido por Frank Oz en 2007, "Un funeral de muerte". 

The film revolves around the funeral ceremony for the father of Aaron (Chris Rock) and Ryan (Martin Lawrence). Aaron, the older son, lives with his wife Michelle at his parent's home. Aaron and Michelle have been trying to buy their own home and have children but have been unsuccessful. Aaron envies Ryan because Ryan is a successful writer, which Aaron wants to be but has yet to have his novel published. Aaron is resentful towards Ryan because Ryan would rather spend money on a first class ticket from New York to L.A. than help him pay for the funeral expenses.

Elaine (Zoe Saldana) and her fiancee Oscar (James Marsden) are on their way to pick up her brother Jeff before heading to the funeral. To ease Oscar's nerves, she gives him what she believes is Valium. Jeff later reveals to Elaine that it's not actually Valium, but a hallucinogenic drug he's concocted for his friend. Chaos ensues when Oscar hallucinates that the coffin is moving and he knocks it over which pushes the body out the coffin which freaks out the guests.

Aaron is approached by an unknown guest who happens to be a little person named Frank (Peter Dinklage), who reveals himself to be the secret gay lover of his deceased father. Frank shows Aaron photos as proof and threatens to reveal them to Aaron's mother unless he is paid $30,000. Aaron tells Ryan who suggest Aaron pay the money because Ryan claims he's buried in debt. While Aaron and Ryan meet with him to pay him, Frank starts to trash talk Aaron's ability as writer and Aaron refuses to pay Frank. Frank gets angry and tries to leave the room; Ryan attacks Frank and both Aaron and Ryan tie Frank up to prevent him from leaving. Norman comes in and sees what happened. He gives Frank what they also believe is Valium to try and calm him down and Jeff tells them it's not Valium.

While Jeff and Norman, who are supposed to be watching Frank, get distracted by Uncle Russell, Frank jumps off the coffee table and hits his head. With Aaron, Ryan, Jeff, and Norman believing Frank is dead, they plan to put him in the coffin. While everyone is outside watching the naked Oscar on the roof threatening to jump because he saw Elaine unwillingly get kissed by Derek, Aaron and Ryan put Frank in the coffin.

Elaine calms Oscar down by revealing she is pregnant. With everyone back inside, they continue the eulogy. While Aaron awkwardly tries to do his speech, Frank starts banging on the coffin and suddenly emerges from it. The pictures fall out of his pocket and Cynthia sees the pictures and starts to attack Frank. Aaron yells for everyone's attention as he tells them that his father was a good man with flaws like everyone else.

The film ends with Aaron and Ryan saying goodbye while Ryan gets a ride to the airport by little Martina, who Ryan has been trying to get with all day. Aaron and Michelle are finally alone and going to try and have a baby. Aaron asks where Uncle Russell is and Michelle tells him that she gave him what she believes is Valium to calm him down. In the final scene Uncle Russell is on the roof naked.

IMAGENES
 
http://img832.imageshack.us/img832/6132/deathatafuneral2010film.jpg 
http://img837.imageshack.us/img837/544/ll2na.png 
http://img682.imageshack.us/img682/816/3yyol.png 
http://img682.imageshack.us/img682/1977/mtnen.png