Guns N Roses - G N R Lies (1988) [LOSSLESS FLAC][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]




Guns N' Roses - G N' R Lies


by RDaneel








[::Album Information::]

Title: G N' R Lies
Years: 1988
Genre: Hardrock
Production: Geffen



[::Tracklist::]


1986

1. Reckless Life - 3:20
2. Nice Boys - 3:04
3. Move To The City - 3:43
4. Mama Kin - 3:57

1988

5. Patience - 5:56
6. Used To Love Her - 3:13
7. You're Crazy - 4:10
8. One In A Million - 6:08



[::Review::]

Guns N' Roses is an American rock band that was formed in Los Angeles, California in 1985. The band, led by frontman and co-founder Axl Rose, has gone through numerous line-up changes and controversies since its formation. The band has released six studio albums, three EPs and one live album during its career.
The band has sold an estimated 100 million albums worldwide, including over 43 million in the United States. The band's 1987 major label debut album Appetite for Destruction has sold in excess of 28 million copies and reached number one on the United States Billboard 200. In addition, the album charted three Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100, including "Sweet Child o' Mine" which reached number one. The 1991 albums Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II debuted on the two highest spots on the Billboard 200 and have sold a combined 14 million copies in the United States alone and 35 million worldwide. After over a decade of work, the band released their follow-up album, Chinese Democracy, in 2008.
Their mid-to-late eighties and early nineties years have been described by individuals in the music industry as the period in which "they brought forth a hedonistic rebelliousness and revived the punk attitude-driven hard rock scene, reminiscent of the early Rolling Stones".
The group was formed in early 1985 by Hollywood Rose members Axl Rose (vocals) and Izzy Stradlin (rhythm guitar), and L.A. Guns members Tracii Guns (lead guitar), Ole Beich (bass) and Rob Gardner (drums). The band created its name by combining two of the group members' names. A short time later, bassist Ole Beich was fired and replaced by Duff McKagan. After a short while Tracii Guns was replaced by Slash; after Tracii didn't show up to rehearsal. Slash had played with McKagan in Road Crew and Stradlin during a short stint in Hollywood Rose. The new line-up came together quickly, but after deciding to go on a "tour" from Sacramento, California to Duff's home town of Seattle, drummer Rob Gardner quit and was replaced by Slash's close friend Steven Adler. The band, which continued to be called Guns N' Roses even after the departure of Tracii Guns, established its first stable line up on this so-called "Hell Tour". In an interview, Slash stated, "That [trip to Seattle] is really what cemented the band" and established its chemistry.
After witnessing a Guns N' Roses show at the Troubadour, Tom Zutaut, a Geffen Records A&R executive, falsely warned other scouts "they suck" so he could have more time and leeway to try to sign them. Axl Rose demanded, and received, a $75,000 advance from Zutaut before revealing that he had promised an A&R executive from Chrysalis Records that the band would sign with her if she walked naked down the Sunset Strip. For five days, Zutaut nervously watched from his office window for a naked A&R executive before he could close the deal. Alan Niven was subsequently hired as the band's manager, and the team set out to record the band's full-length debut album.
Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide
Geffen Records released an EP in late 1986 to keep the interest in the band alive while the band withdrew from the club scene to work in the studio. The four song EP Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide came out on the ostensibly independent "Uzi Suicide Records" label (which was actually a Geffen subsidiary.) Only 10,000 vinyl copies of the EP were produced. On Halloween night 1986 Guns N' Roses performed at UCLA's Ackerman Ballroom as the opening act to Thelonious Monster, The Dickies, and the headlining Red Hot Chili Peppers.
The record was billed as a live recording, although Rose would reveal, years later, that it was simulated. The EP consisted of four songs from the band's demo tapes with crowd noise overdubbed. It contained covers of Rose Tattoo's "Nice Boys" and Aerosmith's "Mama Kin", along with two original compositions: the punk anthem "Reckless Life" and the classic rock inspired "Move to the City", both of which were co-written by Hollywood Rose's founding member Chris Weber.
The original vinyl Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide EP has become a valuable and sought after collector's item, even though the tracks were re-issued two years later on the GN'R Lies album.........You can find whole story on wikipedia

G N' R Lies

Lies, aka G N' R Lies, is the second studio album by the hard rock band Guns N' Roses in 1988 (see 1988 in music). According to the RIAA, it has sold 5 million copies in the United States and about 12 million copies worldwide to date.
The first four tracks consist of the previously released EP Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide. The last four songs were recorded with acoustic guitars. They were written and recorded in only a few studio sessions[citation needed] (with the exception of "You're Crazy", which appeared in an alternate version on Appetite for Destruction), which producer Mike Clink called "one of those magical rock and roll history moments". A Duff McKagan-sung track, "Cornshucker", was dropped from the album reportedly for excessive profanity.
In later interviews, Axl Rose stated that while he loved how the band sounded on the last four songs, he hated the sound of his voice. Rose recalled that his voice was husky and scratchy from the band's lengthy touring at the time, and if he could he would've re-recorded his vocal tracks in a separate session.
"You're Crazy" had been released previously on the band's debut album, Appetite for Destruction and was now recorded as written originally. "Mama Kin" is an Aerosmith cover, originally recorded on their 1973 debut album. "Nice Boys" is a Rose Tattoo cover.
The cover is a parody of tabloid newspapers as are the liner notes. The LP cover art underwent several minor modifications when the title was released on CD. First, in the bottom left corner reading "LIES LIES LIES" originally read "Wife-beating has been around for 10,000 years." Secondly, instead of "Elephant gives birth to midget", the original headline reads, "Ladies, welcome to the Dark Ages". Many copies of the original LP release also contained an uncensored picture of a nude model on the inner LP sleeve. The cover also bears a resemblance to Jethro Tull's Thick as a Brick concept.