Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 502kbps 
Duration.............: 52:30.045
Resolution...........: 432*320 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 103 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
No Subtitles
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0305144/

This torrent features: 

•	The 1992 documentary Out Of Spain (8 episodes, 400 minutes, narrated by Israel’s 5th President, Yitzhak Navon) 

•	The Teaching Company Lecture Course “Between Crescent and Cross - Jewish Civilization from Mohammed to Spinoza” by Professor David Ruderman. This provides academic scholarship and detail on the era.

•	The Teaching Company Lecture Course “Jewish Mysticism” by Professor Kalman Bland. Much of what is called Jewish Mysticism, especially the Zohar, was written by Spanish Jews in this era.

Below, I have provided some links to useful introductory essays at Wikipedia, as well as a brief historical synopsis I wrote myself, mainly to help new students to this topic with some of the terms and basic concepts. There is also an episode guide of the documentary series, as provided by the online advertisements.

The documentary describes the history of the Jews of Spain, known as the Sephardic Jews, or Sephardim. Following the expulsion of Jews from Judea by the Romans – known as the Diaspora, Jews settled all around the known world of the time. The two principle groups were the Northern European Jews, called the Ashkenazi, which make up the Jews best known today in Western Culture. They settled in Poland, Russia, Eastern Europe, Germany and so forth. Largely destroyed by the Pogroms and the Holocaust, they are also the majority of the Jews that came to settle in America and in modern Israel.

The Sephardic (also called Oriental) Jews settled mostly in what came to be the Muslim lands, especially in the Moorish areas of North Africa. The Muslim Moors led the expansion of Islam into Spain and France, holding these lands for about 7 centuries until their eventual expulsion under the Catholic Spanish Reconquista. This was a golden age for Sephardic Jewry, resulting in famous writings, science, philosophy and great teachers. This was also a principal era for the development of Jewish Mysticism, especially the writings known as the Zohar and the Kabbalah. The great Rabbi Maimonides (known as the Rambam, and from whom I chose my internet name) lived in Spain during this period. Following the expulsion of the Muslims, many of the Jews who remained suddenly became oppressed and maltreated, shoved largely into cramped and pitiful areas, giving us our modern word Ghetto. In 1492, they were formally expelled from Spain all together, except for some ‘conversos’ who pretended to have converted to Catholicism. These Jews were called Marranos or Crypto-Jews, and often spoke the Jewish/Spanish hybrid language called Ladino. The last remnants today live in Portugal.

Episode 1- The Spanish Connection
a historical journey through Spain.  Yitzhak Navon, fifth president of the state of Israel and the scion of Spanish Jewish exiles, strays from the beaten path and reveals some amazing discoveries in places not found on tourist maps.

Episode 2 - The Golden Age
how the Jews of Spain emerged from their anonymity and developed the world’s foremost Jewish spiritual center of the Middle Ages.

Episode 3 - The Balance Of Terror
the rise and fall of the Jews in Christian Spain

Episode 4 - The Marranos And The Inquisition
the inquisition’s reign of terror:  denunciation, torture and autos da fe.

Episode  5 - 1492
Navon glimpses behind the scenes of the year 1492 tracing the footsteps of Don Avraham Seneor, the royal rabbi, most famous of all Jewish apostates of 1492. He uncovers the role of the Marranos in the discovery of America and tackles the question that concerns so many Spaniards:  was Columbus a Jew?

Episode 6 - The Crypto-Jews Of Portugal (a)
the Marranos of Portugal resisted the inquisition with far more vigor and persistence than their Spanish counterparts.  In fact, since the sixteenth century, nearly all outstanding personalities among the Marranos were of Portuguese origin.

Episode 7 - The Crypto-Jews Of Portugal (b)
two hundred and fifty years after the conversion of the Jews of Portugal, the inquisition continues to imprison, torture and burn their descendants at the stake.

Episode 8 - The Eternal Jew Of Majorca
the Chuetas, the Marranos of Majorca, are not crypto-Jews: their forefathers abandoned Judaism there hundred years ago. Although they consider themselves to be solid, loyal Christians, they are still called Jews – and hates as Jews – by their neighbors.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sephardi
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crypto-Jews
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_Jews_in_Spain
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zohar
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabbalah


