The Gestures - The Gestures (1964 US Garage)
LP (1996) To MP3 320 Kbit/s.
Included: LP Covers & This Info.

Biography	by Richie Unterberger
One of the first American garage bands to write and perform British Invasion-derived material, the Gestures only recorded two singles in the mid-'60s. But one of those, "Run, Run, Run," was an excellent effort indeed, with its blend of surf-styled guitar, terrific pummeling drums, and Beatlesque harmonies. It made #44 nationally in late 1964, and made the Top Ten in several cities, but the Minnesota group only made one follow-up before disbanding. Recording for a tiny regional label, there wasn't enough of a support network to build the Gestures into a bigger act, although some strong original songs -- which employed pleasing harmonies and unusual, almost jazzy chord structures -- indicated that the group had considerable potential. As it was, they're just another in a line of young groups whose prospects were short-circuited by limited opportunities, although "Run, Run, Run" is now acknowledged as one of the earliest and best garage 45s, especially after it was reissued on Pebbles, Vol. 9. 

Review	by Richie Unterberger
The Gestures never released an album during their brief existence. This 16-track disc was patched together by combining all four songs from their two singles with 12 previously unreleased cuts that were recorded for a projected (but unreleased album). "Run, Run, Run" is a stone classic, from its opening rush of ascending chords to its final chorus. Gestures songwriter Dale Menten penned a couple of other neat, more subdued tunes that bridged surf-frat rock with British Invasion styles. Most of the unreleased stuff, though, is competent, but not overly stunning, covers of mid-'60s hits from both the U.K. and the U.S. As such, it's more a testament to what might have been than a notable document, although garageheads will find it entertaining. 

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The Gestures were a teenage American rock group based out of Mankato, Minnesota.

They are primarily known for their chart hit "Run, Run, Run" from the fall of 1964. "Run, Run, Run" has been favorably cited by some rock historians as containing a Beatle-esque, British Invasion sound, with crisp guitar playing and a quick beat.

The Gestures were: Gus Dewey (Guitar), Tom Klugherz (Bass), Dale Menten (Guitar/Vocals), and Bruce Waterston (Drums).

"Run, Run, Run" was released on the Soma label in October 1964 and became a sizeable hit in the Midwest. Nationally, the song hit #44 on Billboard's Hot 100 chart. The Gestures released a few more singles but none of them were successful nationally (although "Don't Mess Around" b/w 'Candlelight" was almost as big as "Run, Run, Run" regionally); the group broke up shortly after.

"Run, Run, Run" has been featured on numerous compilations, most notably Rhino's 1998 re-release of Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era, 1965–1968.

In 2008, the Gestures where inducted into the Minnesota Rock & Country Hall of Fame

Tracklist:
A01. Hi-Heel Sneakers
A02. I'm Not Mad
A03. Don't Mess Around
A04. Run Run Run
A05. Things We Said Today
A06. Can I Get A Witness
A07. Long Tall Texan
A08. Don't Let The Sun Catch You Crying
B09. It Seems To Me
B10. She Cried
B11. When Does Linda Cry
B12. Savage World (Instrumental)
B13. Candlelight
B14. Things We Said Today (Alternate Backing Track)
B15. I'm Not Mad (Alternate Version)
B16. Stand By
Notes: All tracks originally recorded 1964-1965.
A1, A2, A5 to A8, B1, B3 to B8: previously unreleased. 

Lineup:
Dale Menten - Guitar, Vocals
Gus Dewey - Guitar, Vocals
Tom Klugherz - Bass
Bruce Waterston - Drums