This is a Box Set comprising one of the most entertaining trilogy I have ever seen. The Ice Age and The Ice Age : Meltdown are the best rips I could find on the net (excluding Blu-Ray versions of course). The third part, namely Dawn of Dinosaurs has been ripped by me.

As always, hail aXXo!!! I am his/her's diehard fan, wherever he might be, may God keep him ever joyful.

Now, for a bit of description (though you can always turn to IMDB [http://www.imdb.com] for more in-depth details) -

[2002] Ice Age -

Back when the Earth was being overrun by glaciers, and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming Ice Age, a stupid sloth named Sid, a woolly mammoth named Manny, a saber-toothed tiger named Diego, and an acorn-loving saber-toothed squirrel named Scrat are forced to become unlikely heroes. The four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending Ice Age. - Coutesy Anna

[2006] Ice Age - The Meltdown -

Manny the woolly mammoth, Sid the sloth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger, and the hapless prehistoric squirrel/rat known as Scrat are still together and enjoying the perks of their now melting world. Manny may be ready to start a family, but nobody has seen another mammoth for a long time; Manny thinks he may be the last one. That is, until he miraculously finds Ellie, the only female mammoth left in the world. Their only problems: They can't stand each other--and Ellie somehow thinks she's a possum! Ellie comes with some excess baggage in the form of her two possum "brothers"-- Crash and Eddie, a couple of daredevil pranksters and cocky, loud-mouthed troublemakers. Manny, Sid and Diego quickly learn that the warming climate has one major drawback: A huge glacial dam holding off oceans of water is about to break, threatening the entire valley. The only chance of survival lies at the other end of the valley. So our three heroes, along with Ellie, Crash and Eddie, form the most unlikely family--in any "Age"-- as they embark on a mission across an ever-changing, increasingly dangerous landscape towards their salvation. - Courtesy Gavin

[2009] Ice Age - Dawn of The Dinosaurs -

After the events of "Ice Age: The Meltdown", life begins to change for Manny and his friends: Scrat is still on the hunt to hold onto his beloved acorn, while finding a possible romance in a female sabre-toothed squirrel named Scratte. Manny and Ellie, having since become an item, are expecting a baby, which leaves Manny anxious to ensure that everything is perfect for when his baby arrives. Diego is fed up with being treated like a house-cat and ponders the notion that he is becoming too laid-back. Sid begins to wish for a family of his own, and so steals some dinosaur eggs which leads to Sid ending up in a strange underground world where his herd must rescue him, while dodging dinosaurs and facing danger left and right, and meeting up with a one-eyed weasel known as Buck who hunts dinosaurs intently. - Courtesy Theshapeshifter


And, one more thing, I would be seeding non-stop from 1900/2100 hours - 0800 hours IST (Indian Standard Time)on all weekdays and odd Saturdays. Rest of the days, seeding is continuous subject to intermittent power-cuts.

Thanks to all and thanks to PirateBay......!!! You rule.......!!!