Jekkara Press


You can find out more about the Adventures of Bulays and Ghaavn at the Jekkara Press wordpress website


or the blogger site
 
http://jekkarapress.blogspot.com


And you can find this book and other Tara Loughead books in html, text, epub, mobi, kindle, pdf and rtf formats at Smashwords :-
 
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jekkarapress


Also by Jekkara Press

The Adventures of Bulays and Ghaavn currently include:

01 Blood Demons of Titan - Tara Loughead

The warriors Bulays and Ghaavn hunt demons and their master through the dim and dusty streets of Barnes, on Titan. Can they stop him before he completes a devastating ritual?

02 Death Queen of Neptune - Tara Loughead

Bulays and Ghaavn are called in to investigate why a frontier base on Neptune has gone silent. Ice monsters and an ancient, beautiful evil await.

03 She Devils of Europa - Tara Loughead

One of the richest women in the Solar System asks Bulays and Ghaavn for help in stopping a series of thefts. There is a mystery to solve at the most expensive resort in existence, The Europa. Larceny, magic and dancing await, in an all expenses paid evening.

04 Shadow Emperor of Phobos: The Martian Moon War Part 1 - Tara Loughead

Bulays and Ghaavn try and stop a underworld shooting war.  First they must get past a Martian Shadowcat, employ surprising combat techniques, and try and reason with Ghaavn's criminal mentor.

05 Desert Empress of Deimos: The Martian Moon War Part 2 - Tara Loughead

Bulays and Ghaavn are caught in the middle of a crime family war.  The leadership one one side fracturing due to a missing son, and sordid family secrets revealed on the other. 



The Gender Switch Adventures

The Devil In Iron, Respawned [Conyn the Barbarian] - Roberta E Howard

Any resemblance to Robert E. Howard's Conan is completely intentional. A resurrected demon menaces Conyn on an island fortress, along with other monsters.

The Pool of the Black One, Reswum [Conyn the Barbarian] - Roberta E Howard

Any resemblance to Robert E. Howard's Conan is completely intentional. Conyn, a pirate, puts herself in charge and investigates a strange island with mystic waters.

Jewels of Gwahlur, Reboxed [Conyn the Barbarian] - Roberta E. Howard 

Any resemblance to Robert E. Howard's Conan is completely intentional. Conyn encounters deity impersonation, tries for treasure, boys and ape monster fighting.

Queen of the Black Coast, Recrowned [Conyn the Barbarian] - Roberta E. Howard

Conyn survives the slaughter of her pirate colleagues and finds a man to fire her blood.  Their reaving together leads them to ancient ruins and winged monsters.

Red Nails, Polished [Conyn the Barbarian] - Roberta E. Howard 

Conyn finally catches Valerian of the Red Brotherhood, and the pair end up fighting for their lives against a sorcerous death cult in an ancient city.

Beyond the Black River, Recrossed [Conyn the Barbarian] by Roberta E. Howard

Conyn signs up as a scout in Pictish territory, and gets involved with his partner in a border war against the wizard Zogara Sag and her cult of followers.


Queen of the Martian Catacombs Engraved (Erica Joan Stark) - Lee Brackett 

Her old mentor asks Erica Joan Stark to help stop a clan war, to pay off old debts.  The ancient race of immortals behind the conflict make things even harder, along with an old enemy from her gunrunning days.

Black Male Amazon of Mars (Erica Joan Stark) - Lee Brackett

Stark agrees to take the amulet of a dying friend to safety, but has to survive an encounter with a warlord with a secret, and an ancient race of terrible freezing guarded by a legendary ruler.


Song In A Minor Key, Retuned (Norawest Smith) - Cathan L. Moore

Norawest Smith reminisces melancholy, about her first boy, gunning down her first woman...

The Tree of Life, Revisited (Norawest Smith) - Cathan L. Moore

Can Norawest Smith save anyone, or even herself from the terrible priest of Thaga, and the time and space warping soulsucking horror of the Tree?



Stand Alone

Undead Dining - Tara Loughead

A very short horror story about a very different restaurant.


Coming Soon

The Adventures of Bulays and Ghaavn

06 Heart Breakers of Hyperion – Tara Loughead


The Gender Switch Adventures

 


The Valor of Cappea Verra, Recapped (Cappea Verra) - Poula Anderson






If you prefer, you can find Jekkara Press books at:

Feedbooks: 
http://www.feedbooks.com/user/97010/profile

Also at Scribd :  
http://www.scribd.com/jekkarapress

or Wattpad :  
http://www.wattpad.com/user/jekkarapress

  
Jekkara Press artwork can be found at :
 
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jekkarapress/
