Title: Bangkok Traffic Love Story
AKA: Rodfaifah.. Ma Ha Na Ther
Year: 2009
Director: Adisorn Tresirikasem
Genre: Romance / Comedy
Runtime: 120 mins
Country: Thailand
Audio: Thai
Subtitle: none
Starring: Theeradej Wongpuapan, Sirin Horwang, Ungsumalynn, Sirapatsakmetha
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangkok_Traffic_love_Story

Source: 2 VCDs
File Format: DAT
Release date : 26 January 2010

Plot:
In Ped's (Panisara Pimpru) wedding night on Valentine's day. Ped's close friend, Meili or Li (Sirin Horwang) has drunk and sleep in Ped's room. She drive back to her home after she has waken up but she has an car accident that she meets Loong (Theeradej Wongpuapan). He help Meili to check her car engine and return her car's wing mirror, but Li said that please keep it. When Li arrive home in the morning, her parents and grandmother scold her. Moreover, her father doesn't allow her to drive for working. Li has to go to work by public transports.

One night, Li wake up in the middle of night and drink beer on top of the house. Li accidentally meet her mate, which introduces her to know Loong. After that, Li meets Loong again at BTS Skytrain station. This time Li unintentionally damages Loong's eyeglasses. Li consults with her neighbour, Plern (Ungsumalynn Sirapatsakmetha). Plern help her by indroduces Li to write her mobile phone number. Li buy eyeglasses and write her number on box and find a chance to give new eyeglasses to him, but Loong doesn't call her. Li consults with Plern again. Li and Plern wait at CD rental shop until meets Loong again. Plern can find the way to get Loong's number. Later, Plern work at the CD rental shop that Loong goes to. Li uses Plern's mobile send messages to her 3 lovers that cause an arguments. Loong come in to the shop and drop his laptop.

Li take Loong's laptop to Ped's husband, but he can't fix it. Li go to return it at BTS office. Before she leaves a message to security, she falls asleep. When Loong finishes his work, he go home with Li by BTS. Loong throws his old bag. Li pick the bag up. There are many things inside including films. Li finds Loong's pictures with Kob Kavita (Taksaorn Paksukjareon), an actress in "Saint's tear" television series. However the pictures have been posted on internet and been published in newspapers.

Li met Loong again on skytrain while he is sleeping. Li tell him the truth about the news that pictures might be published because of her, but Loong doesn't mind. Loong tell her that Kob is his ex-girlfriend and broken up because their time aren't matched. When the skytrain arrives Ekkamai Station, Li asks Loong to watch stars at Bangkok Planetarium and watch exhibition about Mcbright comet which will orbit to the earth. Li asks Loong to watch the comet. Later before Songkran holidays, Loong asks Li to throwing water. Li, who agrees with her family to visit China on the holidays, makes an excuse that she forgets her passport at her home. As a result, she doesn't visit China with her family.

In Songkran holidays, Plern join them. Li doesn't enjoy because her. Li knows Loong's address, which is a guesthouse next to Chao Phraya River. Li changes her cloth and go to see Loong, but Li fells asleep. After she wakes up, Loong asks her to travel around Bangkok. Loong asks Li to visit family day activity at BTS that can take family or friend into depot. Loong takes pictures, but Li damages the camera.

In the family day, Li knows that Loong is going to study at Germany in next 2 days. Next day, Li arrives at Loong's address that his stuff has been packed. Both walk to talk on Taksin Bridge Li say goodbye to Loong at the bridge by say that she want to be known only. Next day, Loong go to Germany in the morning. Li receives a box from Loong. There are the wing mirror, damaged eyeglasses, Bangkok Planetarium tickets, and damaged camera which has memory card. Li opens it and looks at picture. Li rushes to Suvarnabhumi Airport, but it is too late. Loong has departed. On that day, Mcbright comet orbits to the earth. Loong watch the comet on board, while Li watch it as well.

2 years later, Li work on night shift. While going to work, Li accidentally meets Loong again at BTS Skytrain station. Loong changes to work on day shift and has come back to Thailand about 2–3 months. Both get off the Skytrain at Siam station, which is interchange station between Sukhumvit Line and Silom Line. Li goes downstairs to change the line and doesn't turn back to watch Loong. Li changes the line but electricity goes out. Passengers call to their friends or beloved people, but there is a call from Loong. He asks Li to travel together on Songkran holidays. Li replies that she is free for the holidays. When electricity comes, Loong is in the same Skytrain. He tell Li to record his number.