This version is for those that do not require a PAL subtitled version.
If you do require subtitles that are either French, Portuguese or Spanish even
you'd still be better off with our other DivX versions that are based on
the longer movie lenght NTSC conversion movie files. (Its made from a DVD9
by the way).


On the other hand, if you require a subtitled version that supports either
German, Swedish, Norwegian, Finnish, Danish, Italian, Dutch, Polish or
even PAL version French, Spanish or Portuguese, then this is the version for
you - OR you might prefer our hard coded (avi-recomp) xvid versions that we
have or are posting for each of the languages indicated for the PAL line-up.

All these languages are included here in SRT subtitle files we extracted 
from the DVD using the "subrip" program - It took only a few mnutes for each
language file and a bit of perseverance I might add - all in a good cause
for the larger family of course! (Its my Irish spirit coming though!) 
An SRT works btter than DivX embedded as some players handle the positioning
differently and this sometimes causes problems with viewing during playback.


For those of you patiently waiting for our full HD version (2GB)
We hope soon to be able to purchase an HD version at the store
(when its available)to make a conversion for you at supreme resolution
rates for the nice, larger HDTV sets now in use. 

This offering we now bring to you is full 720 X 576
wide-screen format (same as the DVD5 folder we obtained)
and with lovely 192k audio too! We even include a souvenir kit of 
the best songs from the movie in mp3 format along with subtitles

The moment it is available we expect to have an HD 720p version
posted for you too!

Victor Victoria is a most favorite of my movies personally in that I find
it does wonders for the spirit to have Julie Andrews and Robert Preston
repartee as they do in situations that certainly do serve as inspiration
to loftier attempts to articulate with clever wit, and with intelligence
that is as I say, in great sprit, certainly!

The "dinner at the ritz without a wallet" scene is unforgettable and 
a "tour de force" around the Hollywood sets when you consider their 
more recent exploits at the box office, by comparison.

Julie Andrews shows a great spirit in her drive to keep her sensibilities
intact despite being in what is an impoverished state financially
at the moment in time.

The idea that a decent spirit couldn't begrudge this gal a meal even
if the gesture has to be contrived in this fashion speaks to the sense of 
idealism and optimism of the human spirit that Ms. Andrews is wanting
us to believe in here, even if its differently manifested to fit whatever
circumstances we may apply the principle to.


We ask for your seeding support 
with thanks! Michael Rizzo Chessman
