Name:	Name:	Coast to Coast AM - 10 - 18 - 10 - Ancient Mysteries & Parallel Di...
Description:

Ancient Mysteries & Parallel Dimensions

Date: 10-18-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: Graham Hancock, Dr. Philip Stahel

Author and investigator Graham Hancock talked about his research into ancient mysteries, supernatural beings, and parallel realms. He discussed the archaeological discovery of the megalithic site at Gobekli Tepe in Turkey, dating back almost 12,000 years old. On a scale like Stonehenge (though far older), "the site is constructed out of giant stones which have been carved very precisely often with reliefs of animals and strange supernatural figures," he noted. There is no context for a site like this in archaeological study; "it just seems to come out of nowhere...in a fully formed, incredibly impressive state," almost like a buried time capsule, he said.

Our world could be interpenetrated by other dimensions or realms that are most often undetectable, Hancock stated, adding that this could account for the UFO phenomenon which seems quite elusive. These other dimensions could also include the spirit world. He cited how cave paintings dating back thousands of years depicted spirit or supernatural beings. During the medieval era people spoke about fairies, elves, and the realms they inhabited, while today alien abduction and UFO craft are reported. What we're seeing is actually one phenomena "viewed through different cultural spectacles" that originates in a parallel dimension or realm, he explained.

He also talked about his recent novel Entangled, which deals with time travel, NDEs, and the supernatural. Interestingly, in his book he featured neanderthal characters who were compassionate, and now well after he wrote the work, scientific reports have just emerged that suggest neanderthals were indeed nurturing and caring, and not the brutish thugs most people picture.

Botched Surgeries
First half-hour guest, Dr. Philip Stahel talked about the increase in botched surgeries, specifically wrong side (of the body), and wrong patient operations. He noted the importance of following the correct protocol such as writing the word "yes" in permanent marker on the part of the body to be operated on, as well as the patient being proactive about a hospital's quality assurance process.


Please support and subscribe to Coast to Coast AM at www.coasttocoastam.com 
