The Saboteur-RELOADED

Saboteur (c) EA

11/2009 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom+Serial
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action

Welcome to Nazi-occupied Paris, a unique open world where you are The
Saboteur. Play as Sean Devlin, a street-tough Irish racing mechanic seeking
personal redemption on a Nazi officer that has taken everything away from
him. Now, it's time for payback - with the help of the French Resistance
British intelligence, an arsenal of weaponry, your own street smarts and
brawn, you must exact revenge on those who aimed to destroy your life
Motivated by retribution and armed with tactics of sabotage, blow up
zeppelins, derail trains, implode bridges, destroy armored tanks, and level
enemy facilities in the name of vengeance. This truly is the first open-world
action game set in Nazi-occupied Europe
Features
1st Ever Open-World Paris  -  Climb the Eiffel Tour, snipe from Notre
Dame Cathedral, and brawl on the Champs d'Elysee as you sabotage your
enemies. Fight, climb, and prowl through the dark alleys, rooftops
burlesque houses, and seedy streets of the City of Lightsthe ultimate
playground for The Saboteur
The Art of Sabotage  -  Being The Saboteur is all about attacking while
staying unnoticed. Get your mission intel at underground clubs and
cabarets. Eliminate your adversaries with stealth attacks, disguise
distractions, and explosives. Master a variety of weapons, automobiles
and skills to sabotage enemy operations
The Will to Fight  -  An action-packed experience and thrilling storyline
are made even more engaging by an innovative visual style, characters
and the new "Will to Fight" technology. Experience how the city
reacts and changes around you as you free it from Nazi oppression. Only
you can restore hope and grandeur to Paris
French Resistance Strikes  -  Call in for support from The Underground in
the form of getaway cars, weapon deliveries, distractions, and much more!

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game. Use the keygen from the /Crack dir on the DVD when
4. Copy over the cracked content
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!.


Recommended:
• OS: Windows XP - SP3 or Windows Vista - SP1
• Processor: Quad Core running at 2.8 GHz or equivalent
• Memory : 2 GB RAM (Windows XP) or 3 GB RAM (Windows Vista/7)
• GPU: nVidia 8800 GT graphics card
• VRAM: 512 MB

Platform: PC
Language: English, French
Genero: Accion
Quality: DVD
Format: ISO
Size: 6.09 GB
Date: 01/12/2009
Uploader: GamesTorrents

The Saboteur-RELOADED Torrent Free Download 
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7