Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Sideways" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Dierks Bentley. The twelfth single of his career, it is also the second release from his fourth Capitol Records album, Feel That Fire. "Sideways" was released to country radio on March 2, 2009. On the chart week of July 11, 2009, the song became his seventh Number One song on the Hot Country Songs chart.

The song is part of the tracklist for Now That's What I Call Country Volume 2.

The music video was directed by Michael Salomon, and features Bentley singing in front of a large party crowd. Bentley blogged that the filming was "the most fun I've ever had making a video." 

"Sideways" was co-written by Bentley himself, along with Jim Beavers, the brother of Bentley's producer, Brett Beavers. In it, the male narrator is attempting to talk to a female in a bar. Despite being unable to hear her name, he still tries to come on to her, saying that he wants to "get a little sideways" with her. The song is backed mainly by electric guitar and banjo, and its final chorus features the ambient noise of a bar, along with a chanted chorus by backing vocalists.

Feel That Fire is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Dierks Bentley. It was released on February 3, 2009 on Capitol Records Nashville. The album's first two singles were the title track and "Sideways", both of which reached Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. A third single, "I Wanna Make You Close Your Eyes", was released in July 2009.The album has sold 280.000 copies as of December 2009.

As with all of his previous recordings for Capitol Records, Bentley co-produced the album with Brett Beavers. Bentley co-wrote most of the album's songs along with both Brett and Jim Beavers, the latter of whom is Brett's brother. "I Can't Forget Her", one of only two songs on this album which Bentley did not co-write, was previously recorded by Clay Walker on his 2003 album A Few Questions.

The title track, which Bentley and Brett Beavers co-wrote with The Warren Brothers (Brad and Brett Warren), was also the first release from the album. This song became Bentley's sixth Number One hit on the Billboard country charts in early 2009. Following it was "Sideways", a Jim Beavers co-write which became Bentley's seventh Number One hit in July 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

