Alternative Views
Program 126. BOYS FOR SALE (PART I)

AV-126.mpeg

Length: 0:59:14
Dimensions: 720x480
Data rate: 4650kbps
Total bitrate: 4906kbps
Frame rate: 29 frames/second

Bit rate: 256kbps
Channels: 2 (stereo)
Audio sample rate: 48kHz

You can stream or download smaller-sized video formats of this documentary online: 
http://www.archive.org/details/AV_126_127-BOYS_FOR_SALE


The tragic and shocking abuse of boy prostitutes is discussed by Dr. Tom
Philpott and former Editor of _The Daily Texan_, Mark McKinnon, who has
written articles on the subject. Philpott has found that these children are
frequently physically abused, even tortured and killed. Many of the men who
participate in this "practice" are among some of the most respected people
at the top levels of the U.S. corporate and governmental structures. We
discuss prominent cases of sexual abuse of boys and possible connections
between child prostitution and the murder of black children in Atlanta. The
program is enhanced by the use of segments of two 1979 documentaries _Boys
for Sale_, produced for Channel 11 in Houston and Channel 13 in Atlanta.

Run time: 59:14
Recorded October, 1981
News 1984
Copyright December, 1983 ???





Alternative Views was one of the longest running public access television programs in the United States. Produced in Austin, Texas in 1978, it produced 563 hour-long programs featuring news, interviews and opinion pieces from a progressive political perspective. Show founders and on-air hosts, Douglas Kellner and Frank Morrow, produced the show on virtually no budget using facilities at Austin Community Television (ACTV) and The University of Texas at Austin. They also pioneered an innovative syndication system that placed the program in almost 80 television markets around the country.

Content

Each installment of Alternative Views included a regular news section that utilized material from mostly non-mainstream news sources to provide stories ignored by establishment media, or interpretations of events different from the mainstream.

Alternative Views landed many significant interviews during its run, and it was often ahead of mainstream media in identifying major stories. Its first program featured an Iranian student who discussed opposition to the Shah of Iran and the possibility of his overthrow. It also had a detailed discussion of the Sandinista movement struggling to overthrow Anastasio Somoza. It would be several weeks before national broadcast media discovered these movements.

Early shows included long-form interviews with Senator Ralph Yarborough, a Texas progressive responsible for legislation like the National Defense Education Act, and former CIA officials like John Stockwell and Philip Agee, which both presented arguments for shuttering the CIA.

Other interviewees included:

Anti-war and anti-nuclear activists like Helen Caldicott, George Wald, Ramsey Clark, Daniel Ellsberg, Michael Klare, David Dellinger, and representatives of the European peace movement.

US New Left activists like David MacReynolds, Stokely Carmichael, Greg Calvert, and Dr. Benjamin Spock.

Feminists, gay activists, union activists, and representatives of local progressive groups appeared on the show; and officials from the Soviet Union, Nicaragua, Allende's former government in Chile, the democratic front in El Salvador, and many other Third World countries and revolutionary movements.

In addition, Alternative Views broadcast many documentaries, both self-produced and produced by others, and it screened raw video footage of the bombing of Lebanon and aftermath of the massacres at Sabra and Shatila, of the assassinations of five communist labor organizers by the Ku Klux Klan in Greensboro, North Carolina, and of counterrevolutionary activity in Nicaragua.

Staff

Alternative Views was staffed exclusively by volunteers, many of whom have become influential filmmakers and television producers. It was founded by Douglas Kellner and Frank Morrow at the University of Texas at Austin. (Kellner is now a chair at UCLA.) Other producers and hosts, many of whom were drawn Kellner’s philosophy courses, included Ali Hossaini, Tommy Pallotta, Noah Khoshbin, Richard Linklater, Steven Best, James Scott and Danny Postel.

Video links

The Internet Archive ( http://www.archive.org/details/alternative_views ) hosts a growing collection of Alternative Views videos. By June, 2008, over 200 programs were available to view or download.