                              priPrinter 3.0


is a fast, small, user-friendly virtual printer, previewer, and editor.
It has a nice array of features for preview your print jobs. Of course you can print booklets, posters or just put a lot of pages on the one physical paper sheet.
Preview it, to be sure how your prints will look like.



                                  Ribbons

priPrinter is based on Ribbons. Ribbon increases discoverability of features and functions, enables quicker learning of the priPrinter as a whole, and makes users feel more in control of their experience with the priPrinter. Each feature is easy to find and use. Just print from any Windows application to priPrinter driver to get print preview and for adjusting your printings. Adjust most of properties by mouse. For example click on margin and drag it in order to reduce or enlarge. Of course you can type exact values in standard way


                               Themes

Theme is a combination of page layout, margins, gutters, all print modes, effects, inserted text and images. A theme may be applied to a document as a single selection. It simplifies switching from one workflow to another. Themes may be selected in printer dialog, this allows to select several 



                                Crop/Cut

Crop pages by rectangle, remove headers, footers or just drop all redundant information. You can crop individual pages, selected pages or all of them. With Cut tool internal parts of source pages can be removed as well.


                 Custom Layout, Booklets, Posters

•Keep original layout or print 1, 2, 3, 4 or any number of pages on a single paper sheet.
•Adjustable margins and gutters.
•Custom scaling.
•Drag your pages with mouse.
•Or just select booklet or poster mode and print document to poster or booklet. 


                   Page rotation and rearrangement
  
•Source pages can be rotated with 90 deg. step. Auto rotation for jobs with mixed orientation is supported.
•Source pages can be rearranged by mouse drag & drop in thumbnails window

                                   3D Preview

is not just for fun. With complex documents (e.g. multiple sheets per page, duplex printing, gutter enabled etc.) it allows you to clearly see how they will come out. Of course you are able to do all the same things as in ordinary 2d mode

                                   Forms

Any print job can be used as form. Just save desired document to the list of forms and use it as form. 

                            Full Screen view

priPrinter allows you to view all your pages in full-screen mode. To view the pages in full-screen mode, just click the corresponding button or press "F11

                               Undo/Redo
                  You can undone almost any action.

                           Watermarks

Add your own text comments with transparency and optional macros on the pages. It is easy to create watermarks, comments and page numbers.


Loupe
The Loupe tool magnifies pages from 10 to 6000 percent. Use it to zoom pages in main preview window or in thumbnails area. Loupe tool works in measurement and crop modes as well. 
 
 
 Reviewing & Marking Up
Highlight text content with the Highlight tool, redact text with Redact tool. Use redaction tool to black out sensitive text. These tools are part of priPrinter Professional. Learn more
 

PDF
Publish your document right to Adobe PDF in one click. Page layout, cropping and all rest settings are preserved. PDF publisher is part of priPrinter Professional. Learn more.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Print to bitmaps. Print pages into image files. JPEG,TIFF, PNG, TGA formats are supported.
 Measurements. Horizontal and vertical rulers, measurement tool - you will be sure about exact position of each part of your prints. Of course you can resize and reposition pages on the paper.

 Text selection. Select block of text directly in the print preview area and copy it to clipboard.

 Compatibility and ink saving mode.

 Job Information: List of fonts and bitmaps were used in print job.

 Transparent mode - easy to understand which parts are filled by printing applications and which are not.

 Text search - search text in document.

 Image export - click on any picture in page and save it to image file. Also you may open Document Properties dialog and go to the list of pictures.

 Small and fast. priPrinter is designed to be small and fast. Printer driver's components are just about hundred Kbytes. Rest parts are loaded only during printing or previewing. It does not eat your system resources.

 High contrast black color theme for visually impaired users.
