Monday, February 22, 2010
It’s the beginning of a new week. Today we pivot from last week’s CPAC conference to this week’s healthcare summit, which are pretty much literal examples of backward thinking and forward thinking. Today let’s take a fond look back at the people who like looking backwards—the CPAC conferees. This year’s CPAC straw poll was won by Texas Congressman Ron Paul.  A straw poll was kind of fitting—the selection of Ron Paul shows that this whole conservative resurgence is pretty much of a scarecrow. Ron Paul has a fanatical base of support, but one that’s too small to win him the Republican nomination, just like the Republicans themselves have an energized base that’s too small to win general elections without masquerading as moderates once they get past the gauntlet of their own primaries. Ron Paul is a cult darling who is absolute poison to the GOP establishment. Great! The guy the conservatives want the most is the guy the Republicans want least. Good luck absorbing that Tea Party movement, guys. Ron Paul got 31 percent of the vote at CPAC. Mitt Romney came in second with 22 percent. Sarah Palin was third with only 7 percent of the vote. I guess there was no senior citizen discount to attend CPAC. Or maybe there wasn’t enough RV parking. Actually the reason Sarah came in so low is simple—CPAC doesn’t pay its speakers. Therefore, Sarah Palin wasn’t at CPAC. If “A,” then “B.” Oh, and Tim Pawlenty came in 4th with 6 percent of the vote. Actually, he was tied with “undecided.” Really? I thought Tim Pawlenty IS who you voted for when you’re undecided. Certainly nobody who could come to a decision would decide on Tim Pawlenty. The big difference between Tim Pawlenty and “undecided” is that “undecided” generates more excitement in its base. The big speaker at this year’s CPAC was Glenn Beck.  He brought out his chalkboard for the occasion. Come on Glenn, can’t you do this schtick without props? What are you, the Carrot Top of conservatism? Last year the keynote speech was from Rush Limbaugh, dressed all in black. Nice. They’ve gone from a strip club bouncer to the Nutty Professor. Beck compared his own addiction problems to the GOP. I think he wants the Republicans to conquer addiction the same way he did—by diving headfirst into absolute insanity. Beck said the GOP should say “Hello, my name is the Republican Party, and I got a problem. I’m addicted to spending and big government.” Glenn, Republicans don’t just need to admit they have a problem. They need to admit that they ARE the problem.