Neutralizing ALL Pathogens with Microcurrents


Description:

Alternating current supplied electrically conductive method and system for treatment of 
blood and/or other body fluids and/or synthetic fluids with electric forces (Kaali Patent 5188738)

A new alternating current process and system for treatment of blood and/or other body fluids and/or 
synthetic fluids from a donor to a recipient or storage receptacle or in a recycling system using novel 
electrically conductive treatment vessels for treating blood and/or other body fluids and/or synthetic 
fluids with electric field forces of appropriate electric field strength to provide electric current flow 
through the blood or other body fluids at a magnitude that is biologically compatible but is sufficient to 
render the bacteria, virus, parasites and/or fungus ineffective to infect or affect normally healthy cells 
while maintaining the biological usefulness of the blood or other fluids. For this purpose low voltage 
alternating current electric potentials are applied to the treatment vessel which are of the order of from 
about 0.2 to 12 volts and produce current flow densities in the blood or other fluids of from one 
microampere per square millimeter of electrode area exposed to the fluid being treated to about two 
milliamperes per square millimeter. 

It is now well known in the medical profession and the general public that blood collected in a blood 
bank from a large number of donors may be contaminated by contaminants such as bacteria, virus, 
parasites and/or fungus obtained from even a single donor. While screening of donors has done much to 
alleviate this problem, the screening of donors can and does miss occasional donors whose blood is unfit 
for use. When this occurs and the unfit blood is mixed with otherwise usable blood, the entire batch must
be discarded for transfusion purposes. Because of this problem, the present invention has been devised to 
attenuate any bacteria, virus (including the AIDS HIV virus) parasites and/or fungus contained in blood 
contributed by a donor to the point that any such contaminant is rendered ineffective for infecting a 
normally healthy human cell, but does not make the blood biologically unfit for use in humans. Similar 
problems exist with respect to treatment of other body fluids, such as amniotic fluids. The treatment 
method and system is also applicable to mammals other than humans. 

In addition to the above, there is a need for methods and systems for the treatment of blood and other 
body fluids both in in-situ processing wherein the treated blood and/or other body fluids are withdrawn 
from the body, treated and then returned to the body in a closed loop, recirculating treatment process that 
is located near but outside the patient's body, or the treatment can be effected through implanted 
treatment system components. 

The present invention provides new electrically conductive methods and systems using alternating 
electric current excitation potentials for treating blood and/or other body fluids, such as amniotic fluids, 
and/or synthetic fluids such as tissue culture medium from a donor to a transfusion recipient or to a 
storage receptacle, or for recirculating a single donor's or patient's blood or other body fluids. The 
treatment can be accomplished in a treatment system external of the body or by implant devices for 
purging contaminants using a novel electrically conductive vessel for direct electric treatment of blood 
or other body fluids, such as amniotic fluids, with alternating current electric field forces of appropriate 
electric field strength to attenuate such contaminants to the extent that bacteria, virus, fungus, and/or 
parasites contained in the blood or other body fluids are rendered ineffective to infect and/or affect 
normally healthy human cells. The treatment, however, does not render the blood or other body fluids 
biologically unfit for use in humans or other mammals after the treatment. The new methods and systems 
according to the invention achieve these ends without requiring time consuming and expensive 
processing procedures and equipment in addition to those normally required in the handling of blood or 
other body fluids or synthetic fluids. The invention can be used to achieve the electric field force 
treatment during the normally occurring transfer processing from a donor to a recipient or to a collection 
receptacle, or recirculation of a single donor's or patient's blood or other body fluids, such as amniotic 
fluids. 


Text Files (Folders):

1) Kaali Patent 5188738 (original idea)
2) Constructing the Device (electronic circuit)
3) Buying the Device (if you don't want to build it)

Video Files (Folder):

4) Using the Device (Instructions from Bob Beck)


Comment: 

This torrent contains Kaali's famous patent. Bob Beck's work is mostly based on this patent. Neutralizing ALL(!) pathogens with microcurrents: This sounds too good to be true, doesn't it? Most things in life that sound too good to be true are a fake and therefore we have become very suspicious of things and events sounding too good to be true. We trust what sounds frustrating and hard and boring. That GOD is real also sounds too good to be true, doesn't it? And yet GOD truly IS REAL. So therefore, why should this patent not be real too? After all, a patent will only be granted after a thorough examination by the patent office. Bob Beck has found a method of how to use this device without a surgery on the human body. He simply applies the electrodes externally above the arteries of one of your wrists. What a genius! This device is one of those the pharmaco-medical cartel wants to hide from you. They make their money with sick people, not with healed people.