Escape From Hell (Christian Movie)


An evangelistic thriller from the Producers of Final Exit and The Gathering .

Do you believe in life after death? Dr. Eric Robinson wants to believe and experience that infinite love and warmth that near death testimonies claim is on the other side of life. His colleague, Dr. Marissa Holloway, is on a crusade to alleviate the fear of death and suffering by proving to the world that heaven awaits everyone. In a moment of desperation, Dr. Robinson faces death and discovers the reality of hell – a place the Bible portrays – a hell from which we must all escape.

This new evangelistic movie challenges viewers to confront the inevitable…death and judgment. In action-packed drama we get a glimpse of what heaven and hell may be like. It is a wonderful tool to share Christ with unsaved family and friends. Don’t miss this action packed movie that uses state-of-the-art special effects to take us to Heaven and Hell.

It may seem like another scary movie to some but the message here is clear: 
Good deeds won't cleanse your soul. Many well-meaning church-going christians consider themselves good enough to get into heaven through their own good works and rituals like attending mass and taking communion. Sadly these are the very people who will miss the bus to heaven. 
We have a choice to accept, or reject, God's mercy thru the sacrifice of His Son at the cross. The way to heaven is by accepting Jesus as your only Lord and Savior and having a personal relationship with him. The way to heaven is by denying ourselves, taking our crosses and following in the footsteps of Jesus. This film brings the potential results of our choice into focus in a way that is inescapable.

Runtime: 78 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 2000
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic ins't it?

2. Please seed the movies. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families.

Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian	


