Magnus, Robot Fighter was created by writer/artist Russ Manning in 1963, based primarily on Tarzan.  Magnus first appeared in Magnus Robot Fighter 4000 A.D. #1, published by Gold Key Comics in February 1963.  The character was subsequently published by Valiant Comics and Acclaim Comics in the 1990s. 

By the year 4000, humanity has become dependent on robots.  H8, the Pol-Rob chief of the civic sector of North Am, a continent-spanning mega-city, was damaged in a radiation accident.  It sought to promote the human dependency on robots and gradually impose totalitarian rule in the area under its control.

Magnus was raised by a robot known as 1A, a name which implies that he was the very first robot of his type ever manufactured. 1A seemed to be self-aware and possess emotions.  A firm believer in the Three Laws of Robotics, 1A recognized the threat represented by the dependency of humans on robots in general, and the developments in North Am due to H8 in particular.  Therefore, 1A trained Magnus as a warrior to protect humans against both rogue robots, and humans who used normal robots for evil purposes.  Magnus was trained from infancy by 1A in an under-sea domed house, using advanced techniques, to become a skilled martial artist who could break steel with his bare hands.  In addition, 1A equipped his charge with a device that would allow him to "hear" robot-to-robot radio communications.

The last The last issue published by Gold Key (#46) was published in January 1977.  However, Manning only completed 21 issues; the rest were reprints of previous issues or new stories by others (#23-28).  The inferior quality of the non-Manning stories was the main reason for the decline of popularity.  In the early '80s, a new Magnus backup series ran in the new Doctor Solar title in issues #29-31.  This was supposed to lead to a new Magnus title, but GK stopped publication soon afterwards.  Supposedly, there was work completed for 2 new Magnus issues (what would be Magnus #47, 48), but have never been published.


Released on http://ComicPirates.info