Van Morrison - Moondance (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 / 12 files 

Category Rock, Pop, Rock/Pop, Folk Rock, Singer/Songwriter 
Label Warner Bros. (Record Label) 
Orig Year 1970 
All Time Sales Rank 412 
CD Universe Part number 1099181 
Catalog number 3103 
Discs 1 
Release Date Oct 25, 1990 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Van Morrison; Lewis Merenstein 
Engineer Shelly Yakus; Tony May 
Recording Time 39 minutes 
Personnel Van Morrison - vocals, acoustic guitar 
Gary Mallaber - drums, percussion 
John Platania - guitar 
Jack Schroer - soprano saxophone, alto saxophone 
Jeff Labes - keyboards 
Emily Houston - background vocals 
Jackie Verdell 
Garry Malabar - drums 
John Klingberg - bass instrument 
Jack Shrorer - saxophone 
Collin Tilton - flute, tenor saxophone 
Guy Masson - congas 

1. And It Stoned Me 
2. Moondance 
3. Crazy Love 
4. Caravan 
5. Into the Mystic 
6. Come Running 
7. These Dreams of You 
8. Brand New Day 
9. Everyone 
10. Glad Tidings 

It's unusual for a decade-defining record to come out in that decade's first year, but that was clearly the case with MOONDANCE. While it would have been one of the finest albums of any decade, it clearly marked a turning point both for Van ... Full DescriptionMorrison and for rock as a whole. Coming after 1968's expansive, acoustic, jazz-inflected ASTRAL WEEKS, MOONDANCE marks a complete about-face: instead of looking inward to the depths of his soul, Van turned his gaze towards sunnier climes, offering up a seamless disc of tightly composed and arranged tunes brimming with warmth and energy. 

Here the R&B influence that had been part of Morrison's tool kit since his days fronting Them truly came to the fore at last. "Crazy Love," "Caravan," and "Brand New Day" could have been covered by any great soul singer, even as they redefined "soul" through the filter of Morrison's eclectic sensibilities. An openhearted record full of truly inspirational moments, MOONDANCE is Van at the absolute top of his game, setting the pace for everyone else to follow. Nearly every song here is a stone-cold classic, and MOONDANCE has become embedded in the collective pop consciousness as one of the most important touchstones of its time.

 Personnel includes: Van Morrison (vocals, acoustic guitar); John Platania (guitar); Jack Shrorer (saxophone); Jeff Labes (keyboards); Garry Malabar (drums). 

Personnel: Van Morrison (vocals, guitar, tambourine); John Platania (guitar); Collin Tilton (flute, tenor saxophone); Jack Schroer (soprano saxophone, alto saxophone); Jeff Labes (piano, Clavinet, organ); John Klingberg (bass instrument); Gary Mallaber (drums, percussion); Guy Masson (congas); Jackie Verdell, Judy Clay, Emily Houston (background vocals). 

Rolling Stone (12/11/03, p.113) - Ranked #65 in Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Albums Of All Time" - "...Songs such as the title track 'And It Stoned Me' and 'Caravan' felt like a lucid dream..." 
Rolling Stone (3/19/70, p.47) - "...MOONDANCE is an album of musical invention and lyrical confidence....this one will be immensely popular..." 
Vibe (12/99, p.160) - Included in Vibe's 100 Essential Albums of the 20th Century 
Q (Magazine) (p.140) - "[A] single, flowing, perfectly programmed suite of songs, with 'Into The Mystic' its majestic centrepiece." 
NME (Magazine) (9/18/93, p.19) - Ranked #17 in NME's list of The Greatest Albums Of The '70s. 
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://open.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce 
