Often referred as "The Voice" and "The Singer's Singer" by the media, Jed Madela is considered as one of the best male singers the Philippines has ever produced. Jed (born John Edward Tajanlangit on July 14 in Iloilo, Philippines), made waves during the 2005 World Championships of the Performing Arts (WCOPA) in Hollywood, California when he won all major awards, 6 gold medals for all 6 categories he joined in, 2 Champion of the World plaques, the World Star Trophy for Grand Champion Vocalist of the World and the most coveted and ultimate title, "Senior Grand Champion Performer of the World"; the first Filipino to win the title. He bested over 3,000 acts from 52 countries all over the world.

WCOPA is the first and only international series of competitions that seek to find and crown the best aspiring performing artists on earth. The talent search is an "Olympics-style" competition in which during the preliminary rounds, singers compete against other singers, dance groups compete against other dance groups, and so on until they are trimmed down to the chosen few where in the finals night, they all compete regardless of whatever talent they have.

Since his winning in 2005, Jed has been invited to grace the competition every year as a special guest during the opening and closing ceremonies. Also, he is part of the panel of judges.

Jed has released five albums to date. His debut album “I’ll Be Around” includes the radio smash hit, “Let Me Love You (From The Bottom Of My Heart)”. His second album “Songs Rediscovered” was certified DOUBLE PLATINUM, while his third album “Only Human” went PLATINUM. He also released a Christmas CD “The Voice Of Christmas” which turned GOLD in a few weeks. His latest album SONGS REDISCOVERED 2: THE ULTIMATE OPM PLAYLIST has turned GOLD after 2 weeks of release and is now nearing the PLATINUM mark. A certified Universal Records recording artist, he is also a mainstay of ABS CBN's Sunday noontime show ASAP.


Jed is currently enjoying sell-out concerts in the Philippines and around the world.

He currently is a member of ABS CBN's elite circle of homegrown talents, Star Magic.

--------------------

Tracks:

To Love Again
I Need You Back
Give Me A Chance
Friend Of Mine
A Friend
Can Find No Reason
A Smile In You Heart
You
Got To Let You Know
I'll Always Stay In Love This Way
Let The Pain Remain
Can We Start Over Again
Hold On
Maybe
Everyday