Hi - this is the best way I could think of to tell some bad news.

I promised I would try to keep the more than complete DC series seeded  in rotation until the torrents  #   were a year and a half old.  This will not be possible for me to do after all.

On Saturday 9 January, 2010 -  a day which will live in stupidity, I accidentally backed up a hard drive  #   over top of the drive where I had kept a copy of the MTCDC series. The files  #   are not recoverable by any practical method.

I normally keep two copies of anything important to me to guard against inevitable drive failure or mistakes like this. However I didn￢ﾀﾙt have the space to keep two copies of the MTCDC torrent directories  #  . They were not  as critical to me as for example my personal DC  and much more  comics collection which I do have two copies of.

But many of my own set of DC comics have been replaced over the last year with improved scans, most of which I have shared with you all as fills. The result is I no longer have the correct comics for seeding the torrents. Exact file match to the last bit  the smallest unit of computer data  is required to do that.

So I call on those of you who have been seeding to renew your efforts and keep it up. You are the only ones who can, now. :- 

If there are sufficient  by my arbitrary decision  outcries and pleas posted as comments or PMs ator as PMs  NOT comments  at .com I will repost requested parts as new torrents with my current file set. That￢ﾀﾙs better than the originals, actually.

Comments on OLD torrents at  are a waste of time as I receive no notification of those and would have to constantly recheck each torrent page, a task for which I am too lazy. PMs at either or comments atresult in notifications to me, so that￢ﾀﾙs much less work.

Those on Comics Pirates need to know that at least one of the last few parts never made it there as the tracker would not accept it so check  orfor the most recent parts which ARE still seeded.

With apologies,

Joshua13
