Ceu - Vagarosa
2009

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Mature, experimental pop from Sao Paulo

It’s been four years since Ceu released her first solo album in Brazil – enough time for her to have developed an underground following in her native Sao Paulo and attracted mainstream attention abroad which led to nominations for Latin Grammys and then the Grammys themselves. It’s also clearly given her time to forge musical relationships with some of the avant-garde talents drawn to the musical Mecca that is Sao Paulo, and write some great new material. For whilst her debut was thoughtful and quirky with some delightful moments, Vagarosa is altogether more mature in both breadth and mood. The album is a window on modern Sao Paulo. This is a city that consumes the world’s cultures voraciously – but without understanding more than a smattering of English, and encountering it third-hand through the internet and a tireless media. It’s a city that has become the centre of art and culture in Latin America but which (uniquely for that continent) is not ethnically Latin – it’s made up of Japanese, Koreans, Italians, Germans, Portuguese and Arabs who encountered Africa and indigenous nations here in the 20th century to produce a kind of Antipodean New York. Ceu’s music, like the best of her contemporaries, reflects this. Whilst it could only be Brazilian, it blends a world of styles together – samba, reggae, soundtracks, trip-hop, MPB and melodic pop – all played by a diverse coterie of cutting-edge session musicians (including Nacao Zumbi’s incomparable rhythm section of Pupillo and Dengue) and filtered through dubby, dreamy production which gives the whole a lush, laid-back groove. Ceu’s voice soothes and floats over all in soporific simple melodies or multi-layered harmonies. From the seductive, lilting and cooing after the opening cotinga calls on 'Espaconave' to the light, 50-second mandolin samba and faux-crackly vinyl fade-out on 'Sobre O Amor E Seu Trabalho Silencioso', this is a wonderful album.
-- SongLines

"The finest Brazilian album of the year"
-- The Guardian

"It oozes class and is Brazilian to the core yet, surreptitiously and almost imperceptibly, guides it to a whole new place."
-- BBC

"Whatever the motivation, Vagarosa is a peaceful bit of summer that transcends the “world music” label it will inevitably be tagged with."
-- PopMatters

"...the album is a great blend of the classic sweet Brasilian vocals and traditional instruments we know and love coupled with some pleasing fusions and experimental touches that give the album extra depth and interest."
-- FlyGlobalMusic

"...an extremely impressive, assured album"
-- AllMusic

Tracks
01- Sobre o Amor e Seu Trabalho Silencioso
02- Cangote
03- Comadi
04- Bubuia
05- Nascente
06- Grains de Beaute
07- Vira Lata
08- Papa
09- Ponteiro
10- Cordao da Insonia
11- Rosa Menina Rosa
12- Sonambulo
13- Espaconave

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org

You too can search for evidence the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the Lord and Master of the Universe  
http://setiathome.berkeley.edu