                      AVS.Disc.Creator.4.1.1.473


DVD/CD Video Burning 
Burn videos & audio directly to DVD/CD discs easily and fast. 

Data Burning with Multisession 
Write your data to Blu-Ray, DVD and CD quickly and easily with AVS Disc Creator . Burn data at a later time in several sessions on to the same disc. Multi-session burning with Blu-Ray discs is also supported. Manage your data storage and make most of it! 

Quick Disc Creator 
Copy personal home audio in the original quality. Make a quick 1:1 copy with only 2 button clicks easy as 1 2 3! 

True DVD Disc for DVD Player 
Create your own DVD disc for home DVD Player. Burn DVD-Video files available on HDD directly on a DVD disc and watch a home movie now in home DVD Player. All major media are supported: DVD+/-R, DVD+/-RW, DVD-RAM, Double/Dual Layer DVD 

Blu-Ray Data Discs Support 
Write your data onto Blu-ray (BD-R, BD-RE) discs. Store your data in the highest possible quality due to the unique BD data capacity of 25 or 50 GB per disc. 

Personal Audio CD Backups 
Make own music CD copies! Use all-in-one tool for various backup needs! 

Boot Discs Creation 
Create boot CD/DVD discs. Have a copy of your software to load and run an operating system or utility programs in case of emergency. 

ISO Image Support 
Copy your home video DVD to PC and burn it later whenever you want, as many times, as you need. Make an image of your personal video and save it on PC. Or make an ISO image directly from a disc. Edit, delete or add new files to ready disc images made with AVS Disc Creator . Value your time! 

Support of Multiple Image File Formats 
A variety of image file formats are supported such as Nero Burning-ROM image files, Alcohol 120% image files and so on. See a full list of supported disc image formats. 

Password Protection for Image Files 
Burn image file formats (.daa, .uif) supporting such features as compression and password protection. Get maximum security for your information. 

Integrated Disc Cover Editor 
Create your own disc cover. Use ready templates or import images from your computer. Easy to use to get a perfect result. 

Quick Complete Drive Info 
Find out all information about your drive with one click: supported media, drive speeds, supported discs for reading. 

Wide Range of Supported Media Types 
AVS Disc Creator supports CD-R/RW, DVD+/-R, DVD+/-RW, DVD-RAM, Double/Dual Layer DVD and the latest Blu-ray technology BD-R and BD-RE. 

Wide Range of Supported DVD/Blu-ray/CD Drives 
Use any DVD/Blu-ray/CD recording drives, the software, designed and tested for IDE, SATA, SCSI, USB, and Firewire drives, works easily with most of them. 
