

Video Codec..........: MPEG-2 
Video Bitrate........: 4131kbps 
Duration.............: 2:25:47
Resolution...........: 720*480 
Framerate............: 29.970 

DVD5 NTSC, all features, menus, and subtitles left as on original disk.

Nothing special here, I went to grab a copy of this last week, and was surprised to find TPB didn't have a seeded NTSC version of the 2004 AVP film. So, I ran the original through DVDfab, and here ya go. One basic, bog-standard copy of a film in NTSC. Why the hell is everything on TPB in PAL? There's a ton of Americans here - upload some damned movies already!

The film comes in English, French, and Spanish, and has two separate commentary tracks.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0370263/
 
http://bayimg.com/kAllEAacc
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alien_vs._Predator_%28film%29

Alien vs. Predator, also known as AVP, is a 2004 American science fiction film directed by Paul W.S. Anderson for 20th Century Fox. The film adapts the Alien vs. Predator crossover imprint bringing together the eponymous creatures of the Alien and Predator series, a concept which originated in a 1989 comic book. Anderson, Dan O'Bannon, and Ronald Shusett wrote the story, and Anderson and Shane Salerno adapted the story into a screenplay. Their writing was influenced by Aztec mythology, the comic book series, and the writings of Erich von Däniken.

Set in 2004, the film follows a team of archaeologists assembled by billionaire Charles Bishop Weyland (Lance Henriksen) for an expedition near the Antarctic to investigate a mysterious heat signal. Weyland hopes to claim the find for himself, and his group discovers a pyramid below the surface of a whaling station. Hieroglyphs and sculptures reveal that the pyramid is a hunting ground for Predators who kill Aliens as a rite of passage. The humans are caught in the middle of a battle between the two species and attempt to prevent the Aliens from reaching the surface.

The film was released on August 13, 2004, in North America and received mostly negative reviews from film critics. Some praised the special effects and set designs, while others dismissed the film for its "wooden dialogue" and "cardboard characters". Nevertheless, Alien vs. Predator was a commercial success, grossing over $172 million against its $60 million production budget. The film's success led to a sequel in 2007 titled Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem.
