Hi there...

Please seed this further on, for a long time, because it's your right as a Christian to do so, and a privilege. Plus it takes the pressure off my seed-machine. And It can use some relief now.. :-)

And for the blind it's the only way besides Braille to actually hear/read the Word of God.

And like Jesus said when they asked Him whether it was right to pay tax to the emperor or not and they showed Him a coin:
- "Whose picture and name is on it?"
- "The Emperor's"
- "Then give the Emperor what is his and God what is God's"

Well, whose Name and face is on the cover of "Jesus of Nazareth", "Gospel of John", "Word of Promise - NKJV Dramatized"?
Jesus' face! So give His Words to the world and let the world have their own, if they won't receive these, but at least you are giving people a choice if you help spread His Words in this way.. Right?

Like the description say; this is the New King James Version New Testament Dramatized. I've heard this before, but the sample wasn't very good, so in this upload it's double the bit-rate. That way the voices doesn't sound like they come from a tin-can. Actually resembles more the human voice than a Edison wax-cylinder. It's more like "Your Master's Voice", actually.. :-)

I must, in all honesty, tell you that I found this (finally) on the net somewhere, and I thank the original uploader "TV_Dude" for it. It was included in the whole Bible as Audio book, then I reassembled it, tagged it properly, and even threw in a little cover art in the tagging. That way it shows what you're listening to on you iPods or what ever you use for heart-washing and cleansing yourselves in the bath of the Water of Life, God's Word. The whole thing fits nicely onto a standard CD too.. In mp3 quality, that is..

The voice of Jesus is that of the actor that portrayed Him in "The Passion of the Christ", by the way.. Take good care of it. One day the Words in these books and your knowledge of them will be the only thing that stand between you and a heartless world. Treasure this. Make copies. Store some. Give them away. Freely.. :-)

God bless you all.

Verifire.

verifiremail@gmail.com