Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia" is a Southern Gothic song written by songwriter Bobby Russell and performed in 1972 by his then-wife Vicki Lawrence; Reba McEntire later covered it in 1991.

Recorded in late October 1972 in United/Western Studios on Sunset in Hollywood and released less than two weeks later in November 1972, the song centers around the older brother of the narrator.

"The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia" enjoyed a renewed push in popularity in 1991 when country music singer Reba McEntire released her own version of the song. The song, included on McEntire's For My Broken Heart album, hit #12 on Billboard magazine's Hot Country Songs chart; the song also had a hit music video (which implied much more than the original Vicki Lawerence song) and has seen extensive airplay on The Nashville Network, GAC, and CMT.

For My Broken Heart is the eighteenth album, released in 1991 by American country music singer Reba McEntire. It was the first album recorded after an airplane crash which killed most of the members of her touring band. The album is, as McEntire states in the album's notes, "a form of healing for all our broken hearts" and the songs were chosen to that effect. The album broke ground for female artists in country music, as it was the first album recorded by a female in country music to be certified double-platium (selling 2 million copies) by the RIAA.

The album was led off by its title track, which was followed by "Is There Life Out There." "The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia", originally a 1972 hit for Vicki Lawrence, was also accompanied by a video when it was released as the album's third single. It became her highest charting album on The Billboard 200 at that time, peaking at #13. It is also one of McEntire's biggest-selling studio album - selling more than 4 million copies.

The lyrics are narrated by a young woman telling the story of her older brother (Raymond) who returns home after a two-week trip and meets his best friend (Andy Wolloe) at Webb's bar ("Andy Wolloe said hello, and he said 'Hi, what's doing Wo??'"). Andy informs him that Raymond's wife has been cheating on him with another man ("that Amos boy Seth"), and then for good measure Andy reveals that he too has been sleeping with his friend's wife. Raymond is understandably upset, which scares Andy so he leaves the bar and walks home. Finding his home empty, Raymond assumes his wife left town, so he gets his gun ("the only thing Daddy had left him") and heads out to murder Andy. When he arrives there, he finds small tracks outside the house ("tracks that were too small for him to make"), and discovers that someone has already killed Andy. He fires his gun in the air to summon a passing sheriff, but when he is found standing over the dead body with a smoking gun, he is arrested for murder. The sheriff and a judge convict him in a kangaroo court, and hang him that night at midnight, effectively lynching him. In the final verse, the singer then reveals that it was she ("little sister") who killed Andy, and that she also killed her promiscuous sister-in-law ("one body that'll never be found").

Beyond simply the typical police corruption, the song relates that the judge is just as corrupt as the officer, and also heartless, when rendering the guilty verdict: slapped the sheriff on the back with a smile, said "supper's waiting at home and I gotta get to it" (In the 1991 music video it is also alleged that the judge was also sleeping with the wife and wouldn't listen to the truth to protect himself, "Cause the judge in the town's got bloodstains on his hands.").


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

