LDB Master Series #48

Hello, this is a collection of masters I would like to seed here. I've been taping shows for more than 20 years and have an
awful lot of masters. Most of them are in the old cassette format, some others are on MiniDisc and others are on CD. I've
taped many shows of many artists over the years, so don't be surprised if you will find many different artists taped! Some
shows are already circulating, some others have not circulated through collectors yet. But most of all, enjoy!
They all come from my mastertapes!

DAVID BOWIE
Roma, Curva Sud dello Stadio Olimpico
9 July 1996
RAI StereoDue broadcast

Look back in anger
Scary monsters
The Heart's filthy lesson
Outside
Aladdin sane
Voyeur of utter destruction (as beauty)
The man who sold the world
Hallo spaceboy
Breaking glass
Telling lies
Jump they say
Under pressure
Heroes
DJ Outro ("we cannot hide you that David Bowie will come back, even for two encores...")

David Bowie - vocals, guitar
Reeves Gabrels - guitar
Gail Ann Dorsey - bass, vocals
Mike Garson - keyboards
Zachary Alford - drums

Not to be confused with the silver called 'Trouble in Rome', this is indeed my master tape.
This concert is well known for being one of the shortest Bowie full performance. At one point, after exactly one hour of live set,
Bowie left the stage. Everybody thought that he would return for the encores, but it was not the case: Bowie had already left
to come back to his hotel!

Bowie's management never wanted to give any explanation about this, since the singer was contracted to play 100 minutes. But
a few speculations can be done: first of all, the audience was far below Bowie's normal standards: 4,000 people attending a
show in a stadium that can hold more than 60,000! Second, the fight with the photographs, who were allowed to take shots
during the first song only (instaed of two, as usually happens). As a protest, the photographs threw their photo passes on
the stage while leaving at the end of the opening track.

The recording is quite good. As always, italian radio stroke again, putting an idiot DJ to comment all the tracks. I have
removed all the comments by crossfading all tracks. I only left the final comments at the end of Heroes, where he's saying
that he's pretty sure Bowie would come back for the encores, even giving the names of the songs he would perform later. Bad
forecast!

Lineage: RAI Radio 2 broadcast > Sanyo FMT-3510L FM tuner > Tape (Maxell UD II) > Aiwa AD-WX 828 > Audigy Soundblaster >
HD > Sound Forge 7.0 > CD Wave Editor > FLAC Frontend (level 6)