Icy Tower


Description

Geronimo! Help Harold and his friends jump to the top of the tower without falling off in Icy Tower, a fast paced game for the iPhone and iPod touch. 

Tilt your phone and tap the screen to make Harold jump from ledge to ledge! The faster you run the higher you jump to make those tricky double or triple jumps! Activate the combo mode by doing double and triple jumps and gain extra points. Use Facebook connect to share your score with friends and see who is the ultimate tower climber. Don’t look down as you get higher and higher up the towers!

FULL VERSION FEATURES: 
•	Help Harold and his friends climb up to 4 different towers
o	Icy Tower
o	Skyscraper
o	Clock Tower
o	Power Tower
•	Choose between 5 different avatars to play as
o	Harold the Homeboy
o	Wild Wendy
o	Disco Dave
o	Skating Scott
o	Rick Recruit
•	Tilt your phone and tap the screen to jump
•	The faster you run the higher you jump
•	Make your avatar do double or triple jumps to activate the combo mode and    gain extra points
•	Sign into Facebook connect to share scores
•	27 in-game achievements


MORE FUN FOR FREE ON APPLE APP STORE
There is a Lite version for each D Choc game: Crazy Penguin Catapult, Chocolate Shop Frenzy, Diamond Islands, 3D Tower Bloxx Deluxe, Mini Golf 99 Holes Theme Park, Picto Play Plus, Kamikaze Robots, Tornado Mania!, Pyramid Bloxx, Johnny Crash, 24 Special Ops, Stunt Car Racing 99 Tracks, Brain Tester 24 Pack, 20Q™ Mind Reader, Jungle Bloxx, Brick Breaker Revolution, California Gold Rush, Crazy Monkey Spin, 3D Rollercoaster Rush, Jurassic 3D Rollercoaster Rush, New York 3D Rollercoaster Rush, and 3D Brick Breaker Revolution.

You can currently find our classic pocket sized games for iPhone or iPod touch in a variety of categories including arcade, action, adventure, puzzle, sim, strategy, sports, racing, word and more!

FIND DC ON THE WEB
Get updated with Dig ital Chocolate’s latest product, promos and game tips! Visit us on Facebook, MySpace, YouTube and Twitter! Find us FAST by searching for dchoc. 

All trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.