Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

01 Small Deaths
02 Longform
03 Fables
04 The Strums
05 This Is A Business
06 Two Medicines
07 Troll Nacht
08 Acorn Factory
09 Time To Die

Time To Die is the follow up to the mesmerizing Visiter back in 2007. The album will feature a new member in the band as well, upping the number of members to three, a one Keaton Snyder will be featured on the vibraphone.

"while indie rock’s go-to guy, phil ek (built to spill, fleet foxes, the shins), hopped behind the boards this time, the dodos wildly-percussive style is still centered around two key elements: the punchy percussion of logan kroeber and the fahey-infused finger-picking of frontman meric long. oh sure, you’ll hear a horn blast here and there, but its never enough to distract you from the groups riffs and rolls." - http://bolachasgratis.baywords.com/?p=7556

    ALBUM REVIEW FROM INDIE SHUFFLE
    http://www.indieshuffle.com/?p=459

    sounds like : fleet foxes, animal collective, the shins, against me (acoustic)

    the dodos are back! one of my favorite bands of 2008, these san francisco natives have dropped their third full-length album, and while it doesn’t quite match up to 2008’s visiter, i have to say that i’m not disappointed. their typical slow-build-up approach packs all the energy it used to, and it’s certainly one of those albums that you’ll be hard-pressed to avoid foot-tapping to.

    reading around, it’s become apparent that the once-duo has now become a trio, with 21-year-old keaton snyder backing up on the vibraphone. i’ll be honest: he hasn’t changed the sound much. i have no doubt he makes for a more robust touring team, but with the exception of the song ‘this is a business‘, the dodos seem to have maintained their sound. and while they’ve played a number of larger venues throughout the u.s. (particularly in s.f.), i’m just not quite sure they’ve struck the right chord on this album to break out (oh, but they already have, you might say!). all that aside, i’d still recommend you check out this album. they’re still a band that i enjoy to listen to–though visiter takes the pie. 
