Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb



An insane general starts a process to nuclear holocaust that a war room of politicians and generals frantically try to stop.
 
Director: Stanley Kubrick Writers: Stanley Kubrick (screenplay), Terry Southern (screenplay)
 
Peter Sellers ... Group Captain Lionel Mandrake / President Merkin Muffley / Dr. Strangelove 
George C. Scott ... General 'Buck' Turgidson 
Sterling Hayden ... Brigadier General Jack Ripper 
Keenan Wynn ... Colonel 'Bat' Guano 
Slim Pickens ... Major 'King' Kong 
Peter Bull ... Russian Ambassador Alexi de Sadesky 
James Earl Jones ... Lieutenant Lothar Zogg 
Tracy Reed ... Miss Scott 
Jack Creley ... Mr. Staines 
Frank Berry ... Lieutenant Dietrich 
Robert O'Neil ... Admiral Randolph 
Glenn Beck ... Lieutenant Kivel (as Glen Beck) 
Roy Stephens ... Frank 
Shane Rimmer ... Captain 'Ace' Owens 
Hal Galili ... Burpelson AFB Defense Team Member 

 Air Force General Jack Ripper goes completely and utterly mad, and sends his bomber wing to destroy the U.S.S.R. He suspects that the communists are conspiring to pollute the "precious bodily fluids" of the American people. The U.S. president meets with his advisors, where the Soviet ambassador tells him that if the U.S.S.R. is hit by nuclear weapons, it will trigger a "Doomsday Machine" which will destroy all plant and animal life on Earth. Peter Sellers portrays the three men who might avert this tragedy: British Group Captain Lionel Mandrake, the only person with access to the demented Gen. Ripper; U.S. President Merkin Muffley, whose best attempts to divert disaster depend on placating a drunken Soviet Premier and the former Nazi genius Dr. Strangelove, who concludes that "such a device would not be a practical deterrent for reasons which at this moment must be all too obvious". Will the bombers be stopped in time, or will General Jack Ripper succeed in destroying the world ?  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
http://www.imdb.com/find?s=all&q=Dr+Strangelove
