Date:
 07-12-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 David B. Sereda, Bill Wiese 
 


In the first half of the show, ecologist, scientist, and spiritual explorer David Sereda talked about the Gulf oil disaster, and possible toxic rains that could cause serious problems. Chemicals from the oil, such as benzene and sulfur dioxide can evaporate into the atmosphere and have toxic effects when breathed or through rainfall, he said. Some 300 million gallons of oil may have leaked into the Gulf of Mexico (30 times larger than the Exxon Valdez spill), and if we don't skim off as much of that as possible, the entire East Coast could be subject to toxic rains once hurricane season reaches its peak, he added. 

Further, he posited that crop damage in Georgia (related news story) and a fish die-off in North Dakota may be the result of toxins from the spill getting into the atmosphere. He suggested that people in the Gulf Coast region check their rain water to see if its clear or has oil or discoloration in it, and to possibly have it tested. If contamination has occurred, people should consider getting water purification systems for their homes, he said. 

Sereda also discussed a study at the University of Irvine by Dr. Joie Jones which demonstrated that healing thoughts can save cells from toxic effects, and a revised theory of gravity, which suggests mass isn't necessary for gravity. This could lead to antigravity devices being taken more seriously, he commented. 

A Visit to Hell
Appearing for a half-hour segment at the start of third hour, Bill Wiese described his personal visit to hell which occurred to him during an OBE. He found himself in a prison cell and heard the deafening "screams of millions of people." He encountered ferocious demonic entities, and saw people burning inside pits of fire. Hell is a real place, deep inside the Earth, not a state of mind, said Wiese, who added that people who don't believe in Jesus would automatically go there when they died. 

The last 90 minutes of the show featured Open Lines, with many callers sounding off about the oil spill crisis. 


Website(s):
â