Randy Marsh has taken an unusual, erotic interest in cooking thanks to TV programs on the Food Network. Spending whole nights watching these shows inspires him to replicate the recipes and serve them to his family but leave the task of cleaning to them. Sharon becomes fed up with Randy's behavior, and assumes his fetish for cooking must be because she has become unattractive to him. Encouraged by neighbor Sheila Broflovski and TV commercials for the Shake Weight exercise equipment, she eventually buys one with a digital voice which constantly advises, flatters, and instructs her during exercises.

At South Park Elementary School, Randy is discovered to have taken over as cafeteria chef, having quit his job to do so. Ignoring the planned school lunch menus, Randy cooks a variety of dishes not to the liking of the students, and forcing Stan and his friends to film him as if he was on his own cooking show. Cartman attempts to impersonate chef Gordon Ramsay to try and discourage Randy's passion for cooking, but the plan falls apart when variouschefs arrive in the cafeteria to start a new competitive cooking show; Hell's Kitchen Nightmares Iron Top Chef Cafeteria Throwdown Ultimate Cookoff Challenge.

Meanwhile, Sharon takes a vacation to a beach resort to exercise with the Shake Weight in private, which she begins to suspect due to increasingly suggestive instructions the Shake Weight gives her, as well as offering her change for cab fare after every workout.

Back at the cafeteria, where students have waited twelve hours for a meal after the kitchen was taken over by the chefs, Randy eventually leaves for home when he cannot find his key ingredient, Crème Fraiche. Sharon coincidentally returns home determined to resolve whatever is wrong with their marriage thanks to Randy's obsession with cooking. When Randy mentions he has not been sleeping lately, Sharon offers a solution, using her experience handling the Shake Weight to give Randy an 'old fashioned'. Afterwards, Randy becomes tired and falls asleep in bed, having lost all interest in cooking and promises to get his job back tomorrow. Later that night, Sharon thanks the Shake Weight, having figured out its true purpose as a marriage saver. Saying that its work is done, the Shake Weight bids farewell and shuts itself off.[1]