Time to dive into the vinyl vault again.

The Wackers - Wackering Heights - Vinylrip - Abrasax

LPrip:
The Wackers  - Wackering Heights
RELEASED:  LP: 1971
LABEL: Electra
FORMAT: LP
PRODUCER: Gary Usher
BITRATE: Flac

Tracks:

Side A:
01. Travelin' Time
02. Body Go Round
03. Don't Be Cruel
04. Country Queen
05. Strangers
06. Don't Put Down the Singer

Side B:
07. I Don't Want My Love Refused
08. White House
09. I Like
10. On the Way Up
11. Such a Good Thing
12. No Place for the Children

The Wackers were an Elektra Records group produced by Gary Usher, who established the band from members of Roxy, which had moderate success. Musicians Bob Segarini, fellow Roxy member Randy Bishop on vocals, Bill 'Kootch' Trochim on bass and keyboards, guitarist Michael Stull and drummer Spencer Earnshaw made up the original group. Elektra released their debut Wackering Heights, which included session sax player Jack Schaeffer on horns. Following the success of the tracks "Travelin' Time" and "Body Go Round", the band toured Canada and the US. The next year they released Hot Wacks, which featured Segarini's "Windy Days", Bishop's "I Got My Friends" and remakes of "New York City" and "Rock and Roll Circus", which the two wrote while with Roxy in 1970. Recorded in Toronto, Shredder was released in 1973 and featured "Day and Night", "Beach Song" and "Last Dance". Session drummer Jerry Mercer replaced Earnshaw when the group relocated to Canada and JP Lauzon replaced Michael Stull on guitar. Segarini and Trochim would then form The Dudes, with original April Wine members David and Ritchie Henman and future member Brian Greenway for one album.

After two albums - one each with Family Tree and Roxy and moderate success with each, Bob Segarini formed The Wackers with fellow Roxy member Randy Bishop and Bill 'Kootch' Trochim, whom he'd played with in Family Tree. Rounding out the cast were Michael Stull and Spencer Earnshaw. They landed a deal with Elektra and released their debut WACKERING HEIGHTS in that fall.

All Music Guide Review
A charming, sunny debut disc from a group that somehow managed to blend the Byrds and the Monkees into a pop sound that was as intelligent as it was catchy. Alas, things went downhill after this disc. After only two more albums, the Wackers ceased to be. ~ Steven McDonald, All Music Guide 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Abrasax/