Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Frontiers, Journey's eighth album, was released in February 1983 on the Columbia Records label. It is Journey's second best selling album, behind Escape.

The album would garner four top 40 singles: "After the Fall" (#23), "Send Her My Love" (#23), "Faithfully" (#12), and "Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)" (#8), and a rock radio hit in "Chain Reaction." All of the first five tracks (the album's first side) had videos created for them.

Arguably the album would have been an even bigger success had it not been for the last minute decision by Michael Dilbeck, the band’s longtime A & R man, to switch two tracks; he put "Back Talk" and "Troubled Child" in, and took out "Ask the Lonely" and "Only the Young." Jonathan Cain had more input on this album; not only did he once again help co-write all the tracks, he was the main pen behind "Faithfully", and there is more emphasis on keyboards.

The album has sold over six million copies since its 1983 release.

    * Highest chart position: the album reached #2 on the Billboard album charts.

The song "Edge of the Blade" was covered by Norwegian hard rock vocalist Jorn Lande on his 2000 album Starfire.

Randy Jackson of American Idol played bass on 2 tracks including "After The Fall".

Journey is an American rock band formed in 1973 in San Francisco, California, with former members of Santana. The band has gone through several phases, but its strongest commercial success came in the late 1970s to the early 1980s. During this period, they had hits with a series of power ballads and rock songs, including "Don't Stop Believin'", "Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)", "Faithfully", "Any Way You Want It", "Open Arms", "Send Her My Love", "Wheel in the Sky", "Who's Crying Now", "Stone In Love", "Lovin,' Touchin,' Squeezin;'", and "Lights". The group enjoyed a successful reunion in the mid-1990s with a major Grammy-nominated hit, "When You Love a Woman." Sales have resulted in two gold albums, eight multi-platinum albums, and one Diamond album (including seven consecutive multi-platinum albums between 1978 and 1987). They had 19 Top 40 singles, six of which reached the Top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Their signature song, "Don't Stop Believin'", is the top-selling catalog track in iTunes  history, at more than three million downloads. According to the Recording Industry Association of America, Journey has sold 47 million albums in the United States, making them the 28th best selling band. Their worldwide sales have reached over 75 million albums. A USA Today opinion poll in 2005 asked respondents to weigh in on who they thought was the best American rock band in history; Journey came in fifth place.

Journey has been eligible for induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame since 2000, but Gregg Rolie is the only current or former member of Journey who has been inducted — as a member of parent band Santana. Steve Perry, the band's best-known lead vocalist, has been eligible for induction as a solo artist since 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

