hmovies release Torrents

*Visit hmovies[dot]info for more releases~

*Please Continue to Seed ^^.~

*Use VLC player if it doesnt work on WMP..
 -download to http://www.videolan.org

Tv Series   : Big Time Rush
TV Title    : Big Time Demos
Season	    : 01
Episode	    : 08
Wikipedia   : The guys, who desperately want to remain in L.A., ask Gustavo how the winning demo is picked, but Gustavo does not know. Mercedes Griffin, Griffins daughter, comes and pretends to be the "secret someone who picks the demos." She says that Kendall is her new boyfriend, which freaks Kendall out because he doesn't even know her. Kendall agrees to pretend to be her boyfriend so she will pick BTR as the winning band. However, she breaks up with him when he hesitates to say that he loves her. She then says Carlos is her new boyfriend and make him bake her cookies. The cookies are bad and Mercedes throws them at Carlos, who runs to take refuge in the bathroom, where Gustavo, Kelly, Logan, James and Kendall are hiding. Mercedes breaks up with Carlos because he talked with 'shower people' behind her back. She says Logan is her new boyfriendd, but Kendall says that Logan is dumping her. She replies by saying that there is no way she will pick BTR and then smashes the Demo with her high heels. She comes back to apologize and admit that she is not the demo chooser. James is mad at her for never picking him to be her boyfriend. but soon feels better when she says that she never dates anyone prettier than her. The boys kidnap the real demo chooser which is a chimp name Lolo and they try to train him to like Big Time Rush with the positive reinforcement of bananas, but Lolo escapes. When Griffin stops by with the chimpanzee, he demands to know what happened. Mercedes tell him that it is her fault. Lolo says no to Big Time Rush. Mercedes says that Lolo is wrong and gives Griffin a lot of data to prove her point. Griffin is shocked and transfers Lolo to missile defense and make Mercedes the new demo picker. She picks Big Time Rush. Griffin asks Mercedes if there was anything he could get her, and she says she never got a chance to date Logan. Griffin makes Logan her new boyfriend. Gustavo writes a new song for the boys, 'Halfway There', and the episode ends after they finish singing it. Meanwhile, Mrs. Knight tries to be assistant manager to stay at Palmwoods for Katie's sake, but quits when Kelly renews the lease. The boys get to continue living in L.A. and get to make an album for Big Time Rush.

Absent: Erin Sanders as Camille / Denyse Tontz, Spencer Locke and Savannah Jayde as the Jennifers

Song(s) Featured: Big Time Rush / Any Kind of Guy / Famous / Halfway There
Guest Star(s): Carlie Casey as Mercedes Griffin / James Arnold Taylor as Regional Manager Taylor / Daran Norris as Buddha Bob 


File Size   : 192 MB
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Video	    : Avi File
	      XVID Mpeg-4 Visual (Advance Simple@L5)
	      1000 Kbps Bitrate
	      624x352 pixels
	      29.970 fps
Audio       : Mp3 Audio
              128 Kbps Bitrate
              48.0 KHz
    
DON'T DOWNLOAD AND RUN PLEASE SEED :D