The Simpsons - Season 08

Series: The Simpsons
DVD release: August 15, 2006
Network: Fox
No. of episodes: 25
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit Rate: 130kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------

S08E01 - Treehouse of Horror VII
A Halloween special which is divided into three short stories:
The Thing and I – Bart discovers he has an evil twin, who is living in the Simpsons\' attic.
The Genesis Tub – After intending to prove that sugary drinks will rot teeth, Lisa creates her own miniature universe.
Citizen Kang – Kang and Kodos impersonate presidential candidates Bill Clinton and Bob Dole in order to invade Earth.

S08E02 - You Only Move Twice
When Homer accepts a new job at the Globex Corporation the Simpson family moves to Cypress Creek. Homer enjoys his new work and his easy-going boss, but is completely unaware that his boss is an evil genius and that the company is a vehicle for international extortion. The rest of the family have trouble settling in Cypress Creek and Homer must make a choice between Cypress Creek and Springfield.
Guest star: Albert Brooks.

S08E03 - The Homer They Fall
When Bart is beaten up by school bullies, Homer takes matters into his own hands. Although Homer is unable to make his point, Moe is impressed by his ability to withstand a beating. Moe talks Homer into becoming a boxer with Moe as his manager. His sole strategy is to let opponents knock themselves out while pounding on Homer. Promoter Lucius Sweet becomes aware of Homer\'s rise as a boxer and wants him to fight Drederick Tatum, the heavyweight champion.
Guest stars: Michael Buffer and Paul Winfield.

S08E04 - Burns, Baby Burns
A man named Larry\'s jaw drops when he sees his father Mr. Burns on a train from Yale to Springfield and Larry immediately follows the train. When he arrives at Mr Burns\'s mansion he identifies himself as Mr. Burns\'s long lost son. Burns admits that Larry is the result of a one-night stand and accepts him as his own. Soon, however, Larry proves to be an incurable oaf and Burns gets tired of him. Homer befriends Larry because they share similar interests. Together they fake Larry\'s kidnapping to win back Burns\'s love. But when Burns is told that Homer has kidnapped his son Homer and Larry are chased by reporters and the police. When told of the fake kidnapping Burns cannot continue as Larry\'s father and Larry leaves Springfield to return to his family.
Guest star: Rodney Dangerfield.

S08E05 - Bart After Dark
Bart does property damage to a house and Homer makes him do chores to pay for his misdeed. The house turns out to be a burlesque saloon and a group of concerned citizens confront Homer on Bart\'s work. Marge agrees with the group and joins them in their attempt to oust the saloon from Springfield. In a town hall meeting, Marge convinces the townspeople to demolish the old house, but when the destruction team begins, Homer sings a song that changes everybody\'s mind. The demolition stops, but Marge\'s bulldozer accidentally slips out of gear and damages the house.

S08E06 - A Milhouse Divided
Kirk and Luann Van Houten\'s marriage is in trouble and at a dinner party at the Simpson house Luann announces that she wants a divorce. Homer is confident that it will never happen to him, but Kirk tells him how quickly things can change. He realizes that he has taken his marriage for granted and overcompensates by smothering Marge. Deciding that their marriage is finished, Homer secretly files for a divorce from Marge. Homer then surprises her by asking her for her hand in marriage again and Marge accepts. Kirk tries the same strategy with Luann, but she refuses.

S08E07 - Lisa\'s Date with Density
Homer finds an autodialer and starts a telemarketing scam. Meanwhile, Nelson is punished for vandalizing Superintendent Chalmers\' car and has to help Willie around the schoolyard. When Lisa watches Nelson torment Willie, she finds herself attracted to him and decides to try and change Nelson into a better person. Lisa goes on a date with him and they kiss, but when he is later revealed to be lying about vandalizing Skinner\'s house, she loses the attraction.

S08E08 - Hurricane Neddy
A hurricane destroys the Flanders\' home and they have to move into the church basement. The people of Springfield gather to rebuild their house, but when Ned sees the poor workmanship, he has a complete breakdown. Ned commits himself to a mental institution and his psychiatrist discovers that Ned\'s past has taught him to suppress his anger. The psychiatrist then teaches Ned to express his anger with Homer as a role model and Ned gets cured.
Guest star: Jon Lovitz.

S08E09 - El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)
Homer begins to hallucinate after eating a dish laced with potent Guatemalan peppers at the chili cookoff. In this hallucination he meets a mystical coyote, which tells him to find his soul mate. After a fight with Marge he is concerned that she is not really his soul mate. Homer leaves the house and seeks solitude in a lighthouse. Marge arrives at the lighthouse and apologizes and then Homer realizes that Marge is his soul mate after all.
Guest star: Johnny Cash.

S08E10 - The Springfield Files
Homer walks home one night from Moe\'s Tavern. On his way he sees eerie glowing creature. The next day Homer\'s story is printed in the local newspaper. FBI agents Mulder and Scully read the story and go to Springfield to investigate this X-file. After talking with Homer they find his credibility shaky and quickly leave again. Bart and Homer then set up a camp to videotape the creature. When the creature appears, Lisa reveals that the creature is actually Mr. Burns after a medical treatment by Dr. Riviera.
Guest stars: Leonard Nimoy, David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson.

S08E11 - The Twisted World of Marge Simpson
Marge starts a new pretzel franchise after being voted out of the Springfield Investorettes for being too conservative. The Investorettes see this and strike back by getting a falafel van. Homer helps Marge with her business by asking Fat Tony for assistance. Soon the orders pour while the falafel business mysteriously fails. Fat Tony attempts to collect all of Marge\'s profit, but she refuses. He then sends his goons to the Simpson house where he meets the Japanese mafia, who was sent by the Investorettes, and it ends in a showdown between the two mafias.
Guest stars: Jack Lemmon and Joe Mantegna.

S08E12 - Mountain of Madness
To encourage teamwork, Mr. Burns takes all of his employees to a corporate retreat in the mountains. The employees pair up and Homer becomes Burns\'s partner. The challenge is to find a cabin on the snowy mountainside. The pair to finish last will be fired. Burns and Homer cheat by using a snowmobile and make it the cabin before everybody else, but an avalanche buries the cabin. Homer and Burns go insane in the cold and get into a fight. In the fight they ignite a propane tank, which rockets the cabin to safety.

S08E13 - Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious
Marge is stressed by the demands of motherhood and the Simpsons get a magicalnanny, who floats down from the sky holding an umbrella. The nanny is a miracle worker, who teaches Bart and Lisa how to clean and charms everybody. However, the Simpsons cannot stop living their messy ways and the nanny\'s spirit gets crushed. She leaves the family realizing that she has taught them nothing.

S08E14 - The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show
A new character, Poochie, is added to The Itchy & Scratchy Show as an attempt to boost failing ratings. Bart and Lisa convince Homer to audition for the voice of Poochie. He gets the part and makes public appearances with the voice actor behind Itchy and Scratchy. Poochie\'s debut is not well received and the producers decide to kill him off. Homer refuses to cooperate and records a different version of the death scene. Homer is convinced that he managed to keep Poochie, but when the episode airs, the character is edited out.
Guest star: Alex Rocco.

S08E15 - Homer\'s Phobia
The family tries to sell an old heirloom at a collectibles store and strike up a relationship with John, the store owner. The Simpsons invite John over to their house to assess their other belongings and Homer takes a liking to him. Marge then informs Homer that John is gay and he refuses to see him again. Afterwards Homer notices changes in Bart\'s behavior and fears that John has turned him into a homosexual. Trying to make Bart more manlier, they go on a hunting trip, but get attacked by a herd of aggressive reindeer. Suddenly, John arrives and saves the day. Homer then thanks John for saving his life and accepts him as a friend.
Guest star: John Waters.

S08E16 - Brother from Another Series
Sideshow Bob is released from prison and his brother, Cecil, hires him to supervise the construction of a dam. Bart suspects that Bob is up to something and sneaks into his office along with Lisa. There he discovers a suitcase filled with money. Bob enters and explains his innocence, but Bart and Lisa do not believe him. Cecil now enters and holds them all at gunpoint. His plan is to blow up the dam and walk away with the $15 million he embezzled from the project. Bob would naturally be blamed allowing Cecil to get revenge for Bob stealing his part as Krusty\'s sidekick. Cecil now locks up Bob, Bart and Lisa, but they manage to escape and stop Cecil.
Guest stars: Kelsey Grammer and David Hyde Pierce.

S08E17 - My Sister, My Sitter
isa wants to start babysitting, but Marge thinks she is too young. Flanders urgently needs a babysitter and Lisa gets her first job. When Flanders gives her a glowing review, she starts to get steady work. Then one evening, Lisa is put in charge of babysitting Bart and Maggie. Bart is outraged and embarks on a series of pranks. When Bart refuses to go to bed, Lisa accidentally knocks him down the stairs which dislocates his arm. Lisa tries to help him by transporting him in a wheelbarrow to Dr. Nick. Bart falls out of the wheelbarrow and rolls down a hill. The townspeople are mortified, but Lisa continues to get jobs the following day.

S08E18 - Homer vs. the Eighteenth Amendment
Alcohol is banned from Springfield after Bart accidentally gets drunk at a town parade. Rex Banner is appointed to replace Chief Wiggum as police chief to enforce the new laws and stop Fat Tony from smuggling. Rex is successful, but then Homer starts to smuggle alcohol. Eventually, Homer ends his bootlegging ends and approaches Wiggum with a plan to expose himself and restore Wiggum\'s good name. Homer is about to receive punishment by being catapulted, but he is saved by an impassioned speech by Marge. The liquor ban is then lifted and the town celebrates by getting drunk.
Guest stars: Joe Mantegna and Dave Thomas.

S08E19 - Grade School Confidential
Seymour Skinner and Edna Krabappel strike up a conversation at a party and take a romantic interest in each other. They try to keep their affair a secret, but Bart sees them kiss. The following day the couple hears Bart telling his classmates about it and silences him by deleting his permanent records. Bart becomes their go-between for exchanging love notes, but he gets tired of that and exposes Skinner and Krapappel in the janitor\'s closet locked in a passionate embrace. The word spreads all over town and Superintendent Chalmers gives Skinner an ultimatum. Either end the relationship or face dismissal. Skinner admits that he is in fact a virgin and the matter is cleared up.

S08E20 - The Canine Mutiny
Bart gets a credit card and buys a well trained new dog called Laddie. When Bart cannot pay the balance on the credit card the bank repossesses Laddie. Instead of giving them Laddie, Bart gives the repo men Santa\'s Little Helper. Feeling guilty Bart gives Laddie to the police and sets out to finds Santa\'s Little Helper and finds him at a blind mans house. Bart tries to kidnap his dog, but instead the blind man alerts the police. When they arrive, Laddie, who is now a police dog, sniffs out a bag of marijuana and the blind man gets arrested. Bart can then leave with Santa\'s Little Helper.

S08E21 - The Old Man and the Lisa
Mr. Burns loses his fortune in a bad investment. He is not doing well alone and is committed to the Springfield Retirement Castle. Disgusted by his surroundings, he vows to get his fortune back. He then sees Lisa collecting recyclables and remembers her opposition towards him. He believes that the reason for losing his fortune was that he was surrounded by \"yes men\" and therefore asks Lisa to help him. Lisa introduces Burns to recycling and by collecting these he soon gets enough money to buy a recycling plant. In reality this recycling plant captures all aquatic life and grinds it into to all-purpose goo. Lisa is horrified, but Burns regains his fortune and buys back his power plant.
Guest star: Bret Hart.

S08E22 - In Marge We Trust
Marge is concerned that Reverend Lovejoy does not meet the needs of his parishioners and becomes the new advice giver at the Church. When Marge gains a loyal following, Lovejoy gets concerned that he has become \"shepherd without a flock\". Meanwhile, Homer finds an old Japanese product, \"Mr. Sparkle\", a dishwashing detergent, with a logo that oddly resembles him. When he calls up the company behind the product, he finds Mr. Sparkle is a composite of two company logos. Marge is unable to help Ned Flanders in a crisis and calls up Lovejoy for help. Lovejoy solves the crisis and gets his congregants\' interest in his next sermon telling the story.
Guest stars: Denise Kumagal, Karen Maruyama, Sab Shimono and Gedde Watanabe.

S08E23 - Homer\'s Enemy
Frank Grimes, a new employee at the Nuclear Power Plant, is a hard-working man who has never been given a break in his life. At work he meets Homer and takes an instant dislike to his poor job performance and attitude. Meanwhile, Bart steps into a tax auction and buys an abandoned factory for a dollar, which he uses to play factory with Milhouse. Homer tries to win Grimes approval by inviting him over for a family dinner, but when Grimes sees Homer\'s accomplishments and home, he becomes even more bitter. Imitating Homer\'s behavior at work, he runs amok and electrocutes himself.

S08E24 - The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase
Troy McClure hosts a show which features three ideas for spin-offs to The Simpsons:
Chief Wiggum, P.I. – Chief Wiggum and Seymour Skinner are detectives in New Orleans.
The Love-Matic Grampa – Grampa\'s soul is contained in Moe\'s Love Tester machine.
The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour – The Simpsons host a 70s variety show, with Lisa replaced by an adult bimbo.
Guest stars: Tim Conway and Gailard Sartain.

S08E25 - The Secret War of Lisa Simpson
Bart is enrolled in a military school because of one big prank he played. After seeing the school Lisa decides she wants to join too. Lisa is the first female cadet and therefore gets to stay in her own private barrack. This move creates resentment among the boys at the facility and Bart refuses to speak to his sister. Later, Bart secretly apologizes and helps her train for a test. When Lisa has trouble completing the test Bart publicly encourages her and she passes the test.
Guest star: Willem Dafoe.

---------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp