Paper Garden  1968

Origin: New York, NY

Released: 1968/Musicor, 2003/Gear Fab Records

Produced by: Geoff Turner

Recorded at Groove Sounds Studios


Gypsy Wine  	 	(3:08)
Sunshine People 	(2:49)
Way Up High 		(2:33)
Lady's Man 		(1:54)
Mr. Mortimer 		(3:55)
Man Do You 		(3:42)
Raining 		(2:09)
I Hide 			(2:25)
Raven 			(2:16)
A Day 			(2:30)

 Joe Arduino (A.K.A. Maxx Rush) - bass, 12 string, rhythm, vocals
Sandy Napoli - rhythm guitar, keyboards, sitar, vocals
Paul LoGrande - lead and rhythm guitars, banjo, vocals
Jimmy Tirella - drums, percussion
John Reich - keyboards


James Sedlar (Trumpet), Irving Spice (Violin), The Paper Garden (Main Performer), Roger Maglio (Liner Notes)


New York City, circa 1968. The Flower Power Movement had evolved into a more aggressive Anti-Establishment mood. The peaceful demonstrations against the Vietnam conflict were growing ever more violent. Cops were busting heads in Chicago at the Democratic Convention. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Bobby Kennedy had just been assassinated. But a group of guys that went by the name of Paper Garden entered Groove Sound Studios in New York City to make some music, their music. The musical influence of The Beatles, particularly that of the Sgt. Pepper’s album, is obvious on such songs as Mr. Mortimer and Way Up High.

Formed in New York in 1967, Paper Garden aspired to become America’s answer to British progressive pop. Their music, influenced by the Beatles and Moody Blues, drew enthusiastic audiences at the college concerts and talent showcases at which they performed. In 1968, the group caught the ear of British producer Geoff Turner who had recently emigrated to the United States. Turner was at that time staff producer at Musicor Records, but freelanced as a recording engineer at local demo studios. As luck would have it, the Paper Garden booked studio time at one of those demo facilities. As he recorded their songs, Turner realized the group’s potential and brought the tapes to Musicor’s CEO Art Talmage. Talmage was delighted and assigned Turner to produce an album with the group. Sessions began the following week, but not without a bit of chaos. The sessions were held at Groove Sound Studios, one of the recording industries first eight track facilities. Dazzled by the new technology, the group abandoned their extant material and penned new and more complex songs as they went along. Being on a tight schedule, Turner was beside himself. However the new music, inspired by the new technology, was vastly superior. Consequently, Turner not only permitted the group to experiment, but became one of the experimenters. The Paper Garden album was released in late 1968. Though it received critical acclaim, particularly in England, bad management and lack of publicity resulted in poor record sales. The group disbanded in 1970 but their music has survived through various unauthorized reissues. Our’s is the first and only authorized release since 1968.

- Joe Arduino, January, 2003

