Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 2 of 6 
Audio CD: August 3, 2004 
Original Release Date: 1979 
Label: Bear Family, Import; Boxed Set; Germany 
Format: Box set 

Uncle Dave Macon -- "The Dixie Dewdrop" -- is a pivotal artist in early country music.  Influenced early in life by circus and vaudeville performers who passed through his family's hotel in Nashville, Dave was exposed to many styles of performance and in 1885 he met banjo player Joel Davidson and became captivated by the instrument.  By the 1890s, Dave was entertaining stagecoach passengers with banjo tunes and comic antics from a homemade stage on the roof of the family's barn. 

Uncle Dave Macon was one of the first country stars to record, the first star of the Grand Ole Opry, and one of the first members elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Possibly one of the finest sets out.  If you want to really understand the depth of early country music, then you must have this set.  Macon had all the styles and showmanship that influenced everyone from Charlie Poole to Bill Monroe.  Every single song that was ever issued by Macon is contained on this set and the book is an incredible read. Most recommended! ~ Ben Dewberry

This is the best box set for the hardcore Uncle Dave Macon fan.  If you want to hear live tracks you have never had access to, and if you want to find out what the older tracks that were only released on 78 rpm are all about, you need this box!  The book is wonderful with newly found photos and a very detailed discography of the recordings! Probably, a little too rich for the casual fan. ~ M. Bailey

Please see for more information - Schon55 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Dave_Macon

Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 2 of 6 
01  Muskrat Medley
02  Old Ship Of Zion
03  Down In Arkansaw
04  Down By The Old Mill Stream
05  I Don't Reckon It'll Happen Again
06  Save My Mother's Picture From The Sale
07  Rise When The Rooster Crows
08  Way Down The Old Plank Road
09  The Bible's True
10  He Won The Heart Of My Sarah Jane
11  Late Last Night When My Willie Came Home
12  I've Got The Mourning Blues
13  Death Of John Henry (Steel Driving Man)
14  On The Dixie Bee Line (In The Henry Ford Of Mine)
15  Buck Dancer's Choice
16  The Franklin Blues
17  Whoop 'Em Up Cindy
18  Only As Far As The Gate, Dear Ma
19  Just Tell Them That You Saw Me
20  Poor Sinners, Fare You Well
21  Old Ties
22  Knoxville Blues
23  We Are Up Against It Now
24  Uncle Dave's Beloved Solo
25  The Old Man's Drunk Again
26  I Ain't Got Long To Stay