
Warning : Be aware some pretty sick stuff here, thats not a sales pitch, that
is a fact.

Trailers can be found here 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5604489

Uber-notorious second installment in the "Death Scenes" trilogy is equally as 
gruesome and stomach-churning as the first one ever was and maybe even worse 
when you consider that this time around we're not just being shown still-shots 
of people dieing in horrific ways there's actually some gory live-action footage 
thrown in for a delightfully depraved treat as well -- I'm being sarcastic in 
that last line by the way. Anyhow, a portion of the footage I'm in reference to 
first off that generated quite a lot of attention from a number of folks (i.e. 
victim's families, newspapers and such) were the totally uncensored and never-
before-seen crime-scene shots of the aftermath of the infamous "Tate/LaBianca" 
murders committed by Charles Manson's so-called "love-cult" in early '69. These 
incredibly graphic, eye-popping and downright terrifying images are shown to us 
in such lengthy close-up detail that you can actually see the stab/entry wounds 
and the pain on the victim's faces even (particularly when it comes to the shots 
of the poor pregnant Sharon Tate and her friend the coffee heiress Abigail Folger). 
Honestly here, if they don't leave your jaw gaping open for a few minutes then I 
swear there's got to be something seriously wrong with your mental state! The second 
dreaded and unforgettable (in a psychologically traumatizing way I mean) portion 
is the live on-camera suicide of one R. Budd Dwyer. Who was reportedly a 
Pennsylvanian State Representative/Treasurer who was apparently set to be 
sent up the river (i.e. he was going to have to serve a lot of jail time) on 
a series of charges in which he claimed he was totally innocent of right 
before he did this at a press conference that he had requested for himself. 
Both the Manson murders and Dwyer's self-inflicted on-air death are the kinds 
of things that have stuck in my mind, unfortunately enough, for years after 
watching! Much like the first "Death Scenes" this is also the kind of thing 
that I simply cannot recommended to anyone else!

filename:       Death.Scenes.II.Uncensored.Scenes.of.Death.DVDRip.XviD-T3.avi
filesize:       729,122,816
video codec:    XviD ISO MPEG-4
video bitrate:  993kbps
bits per pixel: 0.240
duration:       1:27:41
resolution:     432*320
fps:            29.970
frame count:    157650
audio codec:    0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
audio bitrate:  102kbps VBR
audio channels: 2
Audio Tracks:   1 [1-Main Movie]
Language:       English
Subtitles:      None
source:         Anthem Pictures R1 DVD
imdb:           http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0228199/

As stated above, these rips are sourced from the Anthem Pictures R1 DVD releases 
(though the DVDs are obviously themselves sourced from VHS, you can see a noise 
bar at the bottom throughout the videos). From what I've heard, however, these 
DVD releases are inexplicably significantly different from the original Wavelength 
Video VHS releases of this series. Scenes have apparently been taken out, rearranged, 
and otherwise modified.