Arnej

Arney Secerkadic, (music aliases: Arnej, 8 Wonders) is a Canadian trance producer born
in Bosnia.

Born in Sarajevo, Bosnia September 7, 1980, music first staked its all-important claim
in Arnej’s life around age fourteen when an early computer-composed electronica track 
snagged his interest. What followed was a stretch of exploration and experimentation 
within the many and various realms of music. Before long, Arnej settled into Euro dance,
eventually stumbling upon Psy and Goa trance in the mid-90’s. He devoted his attention 
to the works of Man With No Name, Astral Projection and Hallucinogen.

At that time, the trance sound – which he would grow so passionate about – was still in 
the process of establishing an identity. By the late 90’s though, trance had thoroughly
carved out its niche in the music world and Arnej’s interest in it expanded accordingly.
Entranced by its complex soundscapes and harmonies, he set about taking the journey into 
music production. Although the road of a producer has had its fair share of bumps and curves,
Arnej’s commitment to his craft shows no sign of slowing up, as as evidenced by his 
ever-growing body of work.

Some of his more notable and successful tracks include: ‘Rendezvous,’ ‘The Ones That Get Away,’
‘The Return,’ ‘They Always Come Back’ and ’Strangers We Have Become,’ all of which have gotten 
positive support from the DJ elite, given exposure by such notable as Armin van Buuren, Ferry 
Corsten, Judge Jules, David Guetta, and Paul Oakenfold, among many others.

Arnej has also remixed for some of the most-respected names in trance, including Armin, The 
Thrillseekers, Mr. Sam, Blake Jarrell and Push, aka M.I.K.E, as well as some of the newer names 
in trance to pop up in recent years, Evgeny Bardyuzha, Mike Saint-Jules, and Dash Berlin.

Tracklist

01. Strangers We’ve Become (Radio Edit) (03:25)
02. Strangers We’ve Become (Dub Mix) (07:02)
03. Strangers We’ve Become (Tech Dub) (07:08)
04. Strangers We’ve Become (Vocal Mix) (07:08)