
The quest for authentic Latin music knows no bounds, and often can lead to incredible and unexpected discoveries. 
The story of this quintet of Cuban sexagenarians is as fascinating as their music is a sensuous and seductive reflection of traditional son, bolero, and guaracha music. The first incarnation of the group began as the backing band for a show in the Hotel los Capelles in Santa Clara circa 1962; 
the current lineup was formed when the owner of the hotel asked saxophonist/leader Juan Jose Bringuez  for a smaller group in order to play in some of the places that more tourists frequented. Unique musical time travelers, they perform African and Spanish-influenced songs from the '30s, '40s, and '50s. 
Amazingly, the classic nature of the tunes fits perfectly into the modern tastes for all things Latin and true to the heart. The kickoff piece, "Suavecito," is a gentle, folksy piece featuring the soulful conversation between the sax and romantic vocalist Martin Chavez. "Mata Siguaraya" has a marching percussion beat, a lush acoustic guitar line, and some distant but emotional vocalizations. 
There are a great deal of lively dance numbers led by fiery sax and spicy vocal harmonies, but a few are reserved for the slow dancers, like the graceful "Dulce Desengano." (AMG)




01. Suavecito
02. Mata Siguaraya
03. Fuerza De Voluntad
04. Dulce Desengano
05. El Cafetal
06. Pico Y Pala
07. A Mi Manera
08. La Timba
09. Chan Chan
10. Mira El Bodeguero
11. El Reloj De Pastora
12. Cualquiera Resbala Y Cae
13. El Bobo De La Yuca
14. Guitarra, Tabaco Y Ron
15. Clara (Bonus Track)
16. El Paralitico (Bonus Track)



Gilberto Abreu - congas
Jose Bringues - saxophone
Jose Remie - guitar
Martin Chavez - vocals, guiro
Rafael Valdes - maracas, background vocals


Recorded at Sonocaribe, Egrem Areito Studios, Cuba.



Original Release: 2002
Label: Universal Greece
Released: 2009



Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share