


 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

Erik Torsten "Totta" Näslund (April 1, 1945–June 19, 2005) was a Swedish rock and blues musician, with leftist political views.
Näslund was born in Sandviken and grew up in the small northern town Köpmanholmen, but moved to Gothenburg in 1970 to find work. He was working in the Gothenburg docks when he joined Nynningen, a rock group with leftist political texts and inspired by the Russian Communist poet Mayakovsky. Totta Näslund became the group's main singer.
In the mid-1970s, Nynningen fused with Nationalteatern, a musical theater ensemble with many members. Totta Näslund joined the group as singer, guitar-player and actor. Nationalteatern developed away from the theater and became a straight rock group, a rock orchestra as they called themselves. Even though Totta never wrote any own songs for the band, he was probably the most prominent member, next to Ulf Dageby.
Nationalteatern was one of the many leftist music and theater groups that came together in 1977 to form Tältprojektet, The Tent Project, a musical theater performance on the history of the Swedish working class, which toured the country that summer. Totta Näslund played the Beggar, the central story telling character of the play, and he sang some of the lead songs, like Aldrig mera krig (Never War Again) and Vi äro tusenden (We are legion). Tältprojekted, a non-profit making experiment financed by its members and supporters, was highly successful.
In the beginning of the 1980s, Nationalteatern dissolved and Totta Näslund directed his full energy to his hobby project, Totta's Bluesband with lyrics in English and several smaller tours in the U.S..
In 1995, when Totta turned 50 years old, he decided to go for a solo career and has released 8 solo albums with mostly songs written directly for him by other artists, or covers of other songs.
One of Totta Näslund's main sources for inspirations was Bob Dylan, and in May 2005 he went to Dylan's hometown Hibbing, Minnesota despite his lethal cancer, where he performed his own interpretation of Bob Dylan songs. Totta had also started making an album together with Mikael Wiehe, with Dylan songs translated to Swedish, but this was interrupted when he suddenly died.
Totta Näslund died June 19, 2005 of liver cancer. He was scheduled to perform in his hometown Köpmanholmen the next day. He was 60 years old.

Erik Torsten "Totta" Näslund, född 1 april 1945 i Sandviken, död 19 juni 2005 i Göteborg, var en svensk musiker och skådespelare.
Näslund växte upp i Köpmanholmen och bosatte sig 1970 i Göteborg. Han uppmärksammades som musiker under progg-vågen, då han var med först i Nynningen och sedan i Nationalteatern. Han var också en av frontfigurerna i Tältprojektet. Sedan proggen dött ut har han bland annat varit verksam som bluesartist i Tottas bluesband. Sin stora berömmelse bland de breda folklagren fick Totta med sina soloskivor som gjordes efter 1995.
Han avled 2005 på Östra sjukhuset i Göteborg, efter en lång tids sjukdom i cancer, kort efter en sista turné till Hibbing, Minnesota. Det var i Hibbing Bob Dylan växte upp från sju års ålder. Näslunds sista inspelade skiva blev Dylan, ett album med tolkningar av Bob Dylan på svenska som han spelade in tillsammans med Mikael Wiehe och som gavs ut postumt 2006.
2006 gavs hyllningsalbumet Bra dagar - en skiva till Totta ut, med medverkan från artister som Plura, Jenny Silver, Tomas Andersson Wij, Mikael Wiehe och Nisse Hellberg.


Han fattas oss
