SRS-Online #11 Leslie Townsend

In the first segment of the show, Susan and Teeg discuss how far SRS-O has come in the past year and what to expect from the show in 2007. Teeg pays tribute to transsexual pioneer Jessica Clark who died recently of natural causes at the of 62.

The second segment features an interview with Leslie Townsend. Leslie is a transsexual model, actress, and successful real estate developer. In the interview, Leslie talks about her role in the documentary Beautiful Daughters, the first transgender version of The Vagina Monologues, her life, and her current involvement in the transgender community. Leslie also provides detailed information about the college fund she's started for transgender students at the University of Pennsylvania.


SRS-Online #12 Kate Bowman

In this week's first segment, Susan and Teeg explain that they're interviewing Kate Bowman of the Gender Identity Center of Colorado for a second time due to technical problems with her first interview back in October of 2006 on the Talking Tranny Show. Teeg and Susan discuss this week's news items and talk about how the show notes are drawing in more listeners.

Teeg describes the lineup for the next month and a half in the second segment. Susan asks that listener questions for upcoming guests be posted on the show's forum so that each interview can be even more relevant to everyone's interests. Susan mentions that she's planning on attending the Colorado Gold Rush conference at the end of February with her MP3 recorder and hopes to get interviews with people like Dr. Ousterhout. Teeg describes a touching story about how Jamison Green helped out an FtM youth that she was involved with. Susan finishes out the segment by describing how she calculates the number of show downloads and says that the downloads average around 218 per show.

The third and final segment features an interview with Kate Bowman. Kate is the board chair of the Gender Identity Center of Colorado, co-organizer of the Colorado Gold Rush Conference, successful entrepreneur, and active church parishioner. Kate discusses the Colorado Gold Rush conference in great detail, including presentors, the history of the conference, and how to register. In addition to the conference, Kate talks about the Gender Identity Center of Colorado and her dream for the future of the center.


SRS-Online #13 Maggie Stumpp

In this week's first segment, Susan and Teeg announce that their friend Jessica will be joining them for tonight's show. Teeg begins her news segment by talking about a letter she received from message board member Becci describing the plight of a transitioning woman in the UK named Karen. Karen had planned a hunger strike in protest of the UK national health system's recent cut of health programs related to transgender people. Karen has suspended her hunger strike as a result of her therapist requesting an urgent meeting with the Health Commission Wales about obtaining a GIC referral. Susan introduces a new sound effect for the Teeg Shame Award of the week.

The second segment of the show features an interview with Margaret "Maggie" Stumpp, a PHD and senior vice president at Prudential Financial. Maggie has appeared in print media around the world including the New York Times and Forbes magazine as well as appearances on CNBC and CBS News. In addition to her professional duties, Maggie travels the world educating other executives and senior management about transgender policy issues in the workplace.

 

Last but not least, Susan unveils the show's new sign off and Teeg briefly mentions next week's guest, Maddie Duetsch.


SRS-Online #14 Dr. Maddie Deutsch

Show #14 features Susan and Teeg as co-hosts with Jessica as an "in-studio" participant.

The second segment of the show features an interview with Dr. Maddie Deutsch, MD. Maddie is an out and proud MtF transsexual who recently opened a primary care practice in West Hollywood, California providing "inclusive, empathetic, non-judgmental primary and preventive care for all adults." In her work as an emergency physician, Maddie realized that there were many people - especially in the alternative lifestyle communities - who lacked access to quality and open-minded primary care. Maddie runs her practice as a one-woman operation and has instituted an innovative fee schedule to help ease the financial burden on her patients. In her free time, Maddie enjoys cycling, producing music in her recording studio or watching live music, watching independent films, viewing art exhibits, and traveling near and far on winter ski trips.


SRS-Online #15 Dr. Rachael St. Claire

In the first segment, Susan, Teeg, and Jessica joke about Susan changing her name in the show's intro, a new feature Chloe is planning on adding to the site, and the news.

Show #15's second segment features an interview with Dr. Rachael St. Claire, PsyD. Rachael is an out and proud professional psychologist with a long history of work in the transgender community. In addition to managing the Behavioral Health Department at Kaiser Permanente in Denver, Colorado she runs a private practice specializing in helping children, teenagers, and adults with gender identity, transgender, and sexual issues. Rachael has presented on transgender topics at conferences and universities around the world and has served on hospital and school board committees concerned with transgender rights. In 2004, Rachael was recognized with a lifetime achievement award by the Gender Identity Center of Colorado. In her free time, Rachael is an avid marathon runner.