This Is The Australian Released Album of Shea Fisher - Shea
All Songs Are Encoded At 320 Kbps As Mentioned On The Title,
Excellent Quality, Check It Out For Yourselves...

Album Contents :-

01 - Shea Fisher - Suitcase
02 - Shea Fisher - Easy Come, Easy Go
03 - Shea Fisher - Getaway Heart
04 - Shea Fisher - Children
05 - Shea Fisher - What He Did To Me
06 - Shea Fisher - Don't Chase Me (AUS Version)
07 - Shea Fisher - A Little Bit Of Love
08 - Shea Fisher - Bein' With My Baby - Co-written By Taylor Swift
09 - Shea Fisher - Another Day In The Sun
10 - Shea Fisher - Make You Want To
11 - Shea Fisher - You Will

The Debut Single Released - Don't Chase Me, As Far As I Know is the Australian Version, Bein' With My Baby, was Co-Written by Reputed Song-Writer And Coutry Artist - Taylor Swift , 
For More Info 
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taylor_Swift_discography

Look Under "Writing Credits"

Original Encoder - misshacker.com
Something About The Artist - 

The dream started here . . .
. . . says Shea Fisher, smiling as she recalls her first visit to the United States at age 10. Her father, a champion bull rider, had brought the family from Australia as he chased his own dreams, but it was American country music that caught Shea's imagination. A champion barrel racer herself, Shea had become a huge fan of Reba McEntire while in Australia, but her world changed when she first heard Shania Twain's music while performing in a school play in tiny Elida, New Mexico.

"I sang 'Any Man of Mine' before I even knew who Shania was," she says. "Then I bought her album, and from then on I was the kid who wound the window down and sang at the top of her lungs. I remember seeing her perform on TV and thinking, "I want to be that one day. I want to do that."

Ten years later, just 21 years old, Shea is fulfilling that dream, introducing her own brand of cutting-edge country to American music fans. In between, she followed a path Reba knew well, singing the national anthem (in this case Australia's) at rodeo events, then hitting the road to pay the dues that would earn her a growing legion of fans as she polished her performing and songwriting skills.

As sure as Shea introduces a top-notch young singer to American audiences, it introduces an upbeat force of nature as well.

"I believe the sky's the limit," she says, "for me and for everyone. Dream big. Work hard and you'll get there. It's just a matter of time. I'm going to keep dreaming big and keep striving to achieve new things every day."

And, with the hard-won wisdom of one for whom being bucked from a horse or bull is no mere metaphor, she adds, "If you fall, get back up again and keep going. Whatever you want to do is possible if you want to make it happen."

Official Sites -
 
http://www.sheafisher.com

Thanking You;
Yet Again Another Brand New Upload by,
dulhanr 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/dulhanr/