Iron Man 1 & 2                                                     Rel. 2008 & 2010


Format:        DVD5 Movie NTSC
Lang.:         English, Spanish, French
Discs:         2
Image:         ISO
Rated:         PG-13
Genre:         Action
Quality:       Perfect
Widescreen:    Yes
Conversion:    DVD9 To DVD5
Captions/Sub:  English, Spanish, French
Requirements:  DVD Player


Compressed with 7Zip, Both Tested and Working.



Movie Info - Iron Man   

             http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0371746/

             Iron Man 2
            
             http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1228705/



Release Notes: Converted from Full DVD9 Retail Movie to DVD5. Perfect Quality.
               Iron Man 2 normal DVD, does not contain 'Behind the Scenes' or
               'Deleted Scenes'. Iron Man 1 contains Special Features & Deleted
               Scenes, Previews Removed.
               
               

Iron Man Description:

Director - Jon Favreau

Written By - Mark Fegus, Hawk Ostby, Art Marcum, Matt Holloway.

When wealthy industrialist Tony Stark is forced to build an armored suit after a life-threatening incident, he ultimately decides to use its technology to fight against evil.

Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.) is the complete playboy who also happens to be an engineering genius. While in Afghanistan demonstrating a new missile he's captured and wounded. His captors want him to assemble a missile for them but instead he creates an armored suit and a means to prevent his death from the shrapnel left in his chest by the attack. He uses the armored suit to escape. Back in the U.S. he announces his company will cease making weapons and he begins work on an updated armored suit only to find that Obadiah Stane, his second in command at Stark industries has been selling Stark weapons to the insurgents. He uses his new suit to return to Afghanistan to destroy the arms and then to stop Stane from misusing his research.



Iron Man 2 Description:

Director - Jon Favreau

Written By - Justin Theroux (Screenplay).
             (Marvel Comic Book) - Stan Lee, Don Heck, Larry Lieber, Jack Kirby.

Billionaire Tony Stark must contend with deadly issues involving the government, his own friends, as well as new enemies due to his superhero alter ego Iron Man. 

Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.) discloses to the world that he is the Iron Man and the senate presses him to deliver his technology to military purpose but Tony refuses telling that he has brought peace to the world. Meanwhile, the evil Ivan Vanko surprises the world attacking the Iron Man in Monaco with his armored suit. Ivan (Mickey Rourke) is arrested but Justin Hammer releases him simulating his death. Meanwhile Tony is depressed expecting to die sooner and Lieutenant Colonel James 'Rhodey' Rhodes steals an armored suit from Tony and brings it to the army. The high command delivers the technology to Justin Industry to weapon the armor and Ivan builds an army of remote controlled suit of armors.



Pics Included.


Burn ISO to your DVD media watch in your DVD player, or Computer.

(You can mount The iso to, to play on your computer).



Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		