The Great Depression - Documentary series (1993)

Emphasizing the stories of ordinary people, this seven-part American history series examines the period between the two world wars, a time dominated by the economic depression that followed the stock market crash of 1929.

Vol. I: Job at Ford's
The rise of the Ford motor company affords oppotunities for thousands of workers, but is followed by the grim realities of economic crisis and tough management decisions.

Vol II: The Road to Rock Bottom
As economic collapse takes its toll on America, farmers protest; mortgages are called in by banks; robberies increase dramatically; and in the summer of 1932, the U.S. Army is called in to quell the Veterans' Bonus March on Washington DC.

Vol. III: New Deal / New York
As President Roosevelt presides over the creation of new federal agencies to combat the effects of the Depression, nowhere is the effect of new public works projects more apparent than in Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia's New York City. Though FDR, the American aristocrat, and LaGuardia, the son of immigrants, are unlikely partners, together they expand and redefine the role of government in people's lives.

Vol. IV: We have a plan
When world famous socialist author Upton Sinclair runs for governor of California, his platform provides an alternative to capitalism and tests the limits of the New Deal. Ironically, one year after Sinclair's defeat, President Roosevelt signs the Social Security Act, a move that signals the beginnings of a modern welfare state.

Vol. V: Mean Things Happening
On tenant farms of the Arkansas Delta and in the steel factories of America's industrial heartland, men and women battle landowners and factory managers for the right to join a union.

Vol. VI: To Be Somebody
Hard times bring fear, which often errupts in violence and discrimination towards America's racial and ethnic minorities. But hard times also encourage some to fight against bigotry through the courts, in Congress, and by example - the NAACP's Walter White, African American attorney Charles Houston, heavyweight champion Joe Louis, and First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt.

Vol. VII: Arsenal of Democracy
As the 1930s draw to a close, Americans celebrate a dream of peace ans prosperity at World Fairs in San Francisco and New York. But with Japanese and German troops on the march, they soon discover that while the New Deal changed America forever, it is war, not government programs, that ends the Great Depression.