We have just been upgraded to an SMC gateway modem with twice the throughput
and we hope that you'll enjoy a quick download of this movie all along too.

In English, with SRT subtitle files in German, French, English and Italian

This is a movie that would have better not been made in my own particular view.
In addition to some common scenes of the sort of gratuitous violence we could
do without, there are some disturbing scenes that when held to some degree of
scrutiny for historical fact or fiction for that matter, do not appear to pass
the muster in one case and in the other, is a dastardly deed of an idea to
display without some sort of indignation and indeed sanction in the minds of
those viewing.

I refer most particularly to the cold blooded execution style killing of a
woman of Jewish decent from an area in Poland, shot in the head at close range
and with no absence of malice or forethought present in the mind of the
executioner.

The other scene shows a level of depravity on the part of a man that takes all
the food that an old starving, desperate woman had for her life savings and
shows her no mercy in leaving her nothing at all of a huge meal that he makes
for himself after causing her to let the food fall out of her hands and from
the storage container onto the ground. This is a scene that does a disservice
to the victims of Auschwitz in particular and has no grounding in historical
fact in such degree as to cause a valid generalization to be inferred as valid
from what is depicted as perhaps even an isolated incident, when in fact the
chances of such a travesty ever occurring among the members of the community
would be a rank offence probably never heard of in the entire history of the
culture of the peoples there. I therefore have to ask why its posited as a
valid incident for purposes of giving impressions of what was possible or
probable at least to the extent of justifying a key scene in the movie that was
most memorable for many that would have seen it as that is the level of
dissonance that would be involved for an ordinary viewer of any persuasion at
all, on the historical events of the holocaust.

When I first saw this movie my inclination was that it should be pulled off
shelves and not sold for any profits whatever. that remains my view today, and
I think all that get to see this movie should be warned that it is in fact not
a very nice treatment of the issues involved and as such should be taken with a
grain of salt with a view of never making an unsupervised movie in Hollywood
again, since it likely wouldn't pass censors that would look for obvious
miscarriage of justice issues that would be involved in inflicting these images
on mankind.

We have all become desensitized to viewing unpleasant images on the movie
screen of late given new found egalitarian ideals and what have you that
challenge what have been perspectives of relative merit and fairness based
thereon, etc so that the particular mindset that wishes to see insensitivity
win the day, inanity prevail, that is the mindset that wins, and that can be
the only agenda here. we go too far with these views and I for one would like
to see a return to morality and good taste on such matters as involve us here
with this movie choice.

The more you accept of unpleasant images around you that defy your sense of
good judgment, the more you accept the sort of world that is advocated by the
inane who have an agenda to see this through. Best to call a spade a spade and
say, I've had enough of this, please stop.

PS

I also would as well like to suggest to all that we maintain perspective on the
subject matter, in that examples of the most beautiful Germanic spirits that
are on earth such as the angelic Ms. Jessica Lange, and others in what is in
fact Germany, shouldnt be tainted with what they couldnt tolerate if in fact
confronted with the facts. They all see Hitler equally as a madman indeed. I
have no doubt whatsoever that this was just a sad abherration in our history
as humanity and that we should learn to put it in perspective as sins of the
past by those involved.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
Please see my reviews at moviesbyrizzo.info