[img=http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/TimeTravel-JourneysintoTime.jpg]

Duration: 0:54:31
Bit rate: 128kbps
Dimensions: 640x480
Size: 700mb

- http://www.amazon.com/Time-Travel-Journeys-into/dp/B001S0ZJHU

Product Details

Actors: David Lewis Anderson 
Directors: Steve Mott 
Format: NTSC 
Region: Region 1 (U.S. and Canada only. Read more about DVD formats.)

Number of discs: 1 
Rating: G (General Audience) 
Studio: Time Travel Research Center 
DVD Release Date: February 21, 2000 
Run Time: 54 minutes 

Product Description

Time Travel - Journeys into Time is the most comprehensive documentary ever produced on the subject of time travel. Imagine, traveling in time. Some process that would let you go backward in time to witness the events that changed history or into the future to see if mankind survives, then to return to the present with the knowledge of what will happen tomorrow. The process is intriguing, even mind boggling, but the science is more real than imagined.

Explore the possibilities of time travel in this unique documentary. The video is hosted by Dr. David Lewis Anderson, the reclusive scientist credited with discovering time-warped field technology.

Experience man's struggle through the ages to define, measure and understand the basic concepts and constructs of time. Study how spacetime physics is deeply linked to our planet's religions, art and philosophies.

The documentary will take viewers on a fascinating journey through the history of science fiction and then to the great advances made by scientists that demonstrate today how time travel is clearly possible within the laws of our mathematics and physics.

Learn about wormholes, parallel universes, alternate realities and what science knows about spactime today. Explore emerging applications of time-control technology and how it may change our way of life forever.

This video will educate, challenge and inspire viewers to rethink time, space and our place in it and challenge our view of reality itself.

------------------------------------

Links

Anderson Institute: http://www.andersoninstitute.com/ - Innovation and Excellence in Time Technology
Anderson Multinational LLC: http://www.andersonmultinational.com/ - Building a Better Tomorrow
World Genesis Foundation: http://www.worldgenesis.org/ - Leave No Child Without Hope for the Future 
http://www.skybooksusa.com/books/danderson.htm - Peter Moon's (of The Montauk Pulse) website 

------------------------------------

- http://scientificinquiry.suite101.com/article.cfm/time-control-and-time-travel-new-developments


Time Control and Time Travel – New Developments
New Temporal Experiments May Change What it Means to be Human 
Feb 3, 2010 Jolene Twomey 


The popular comedian, Steven Wright, once asked "If you put instant coffee into the microwave, would you go back in time?" His remark was funny because time travel has long been a fascination, popularized in the past two centuries through popular fiction in books by authors like H.G. Wells, and in cinema through films like The Time Machine, Time after Time and Back to the Future I,II, and III.

Yet actual time travel has remained a pipe dream. Leading physicists, including Stephen Hawking have denounced time travel as "impractical," stating that if it were possible, time tourists from the future would have visited by now. But would they want to make themselves be known?

New Experiments in Time Travel 
Sunday night, January 31, 2010, physicist David Lewis Anderson spoke with Art Bell on the popular overnight radio program Coast to Coast. Over the course of a spellbinding four hour program, Anderson revealed that he had been successful with new experiments in time control at his laboratory complex in New Mexico. The crux of the processes involves combinations of different chemical agents and lasers to create "a lot of energy, a lot of light" and initiate small warp fields.

Can People Travel Forward or Backward in Time?
Dr. Anderson claims that research through The Anderson Institute has jumped forward 200 per cent since 2002, the last time he spoke with the media. He admits that the work has been physically and emotionally draining and that he has "lost a lot."

Through his conversation with Art Bell, the biggest problem with the possibility for time travel is the quandary it would create. Are human beings, at this stage of our evolution ready for this? Technology of this magnitude, they both agreed, would create warring factions in the world as it stands presently.


Time Travel and Time Control Paradoxes
The subject of time travel always revolves around the paradoxes created by traveling backward in time and interfering with certain events. What if, for example, a time traveler was able to kill a young Adolf Hitler in the early years of the twentieth century? How different would the world be?

Dr. Anderson explained that there are many different universes and temporal possibilities. According to Dr. Anderson, a time traveler who traveled back to the time of his youth and accidentally killed himself would not simply dissolve out of existence as commonly thought. He would simply cease to exist in that universe. It is a difficult concept for most people to wrap their minds around. Going forward with  experiments at the Anderson Institute and others like it could forever change what it means to be human.
