Japanese power metal, female vocalist. Borrowed review:

Japan has been welcoming Western metal for decades, but despite having loads of their own outstanding bands such as Minstrelix, very few have escaped the confines of their own country. Setting out to do just that is Area 51 with their own brand of neo classical melodic metal, with their new album 'Goddess' being mixed and mastered by Jens Bogren, famed for his work with such luminaries as Opeth, Paradise Lost and Symphony X. They are a duo comprising guitar virtuoso Yoichiro Ishino, and delightful fashion icon Kate, who has an angelic but powerful voice, not too dissimilar in style to a higher register Sabine Edelsbacher. Area 51 is the secret USA air base where the Americans keep all their UFOs, which came in very useful in the film Independence Day. However, all us Trekkies know that it is in fact the place where Quark, Rom and Nog found themselves after being captured by the United States military after an accident sent them back in time to 1947 (Deep Space 9, ‘Little Green Men’). Looking at 'Daemonicus' first, this is filled with light bright power metalish rockers, together with the lovely rippling piano ballad ‘Venus Croix Eternal’, the superb melodic, symphonic, ‘Crimson’, and the pièce de résistance, the 16 minute epic ‘Lord Knows’, worth the price of admission on it’s own, featuring special guest Rob Rock who combines his English words with Kate’s Japanese (both albums are in their native tongue). Turning now to 'Goddess', this is packed with goodies, three cracking rockers, ‘Nightmare’, ‘Regret et Larme’, and the awesome ‘Sincerity’; a couple of dramatic Nightwish esque symphonic metallers, ‘Vanitas’ and ‘U Ta Ka Ta’; a splendid orchestral power ballad, ‘Miss You’; the wonderfully melodic almost Ayreon like ‘Begins of Dissolution’; and the outstanding pop metal ‘Marionette’. The sound on Daemonicus is excellent (mastered at the top Finnish studio, Finnvox), but you will have to go a long way to beat the production job done by Yolchiro Ishino and Jens Bogren on Goddess, the drum sound which is so often a gauge is wonderfully full and powerful, and You Yamauchi makes full use of it with his skilled, groovy drumming. Yoichiro can really shred, but the songs always come first, there is no showing off for the sake of it, and he manages to combine melody, tone and technique to sublime effect. If you like your metal light, bright and melodic, rather than a brain battering racket, then you will love these albums.

01. Introduction ~Naissance~
02. Nightmare
03. Regret et Larme
04. Begins of Dissolution
05. Marionnette
06. Stillness
07. Miss You
08. Vanitas
09. Sincerity
10. U-Ta-Ka-Ta


All albums have been tagged, MP3 GAINed, and optimized with MP3packer. 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:fxfqxztgldhe
http://www.area51-web.com/
