As televisions first title roll female Private Eye, Honey West would take on any tough case. After the death of her father, the sexy private detective took over his high-tech PI firm. Being assisted by the rugged Sam Bolt and her pet ocelot Bruce, she could handle herself mingling with millionaires just as well as scaling a thirty foot wall.

Anne Francis, John Ericson, Bruce the Ocelot


DISC FOUR: 

"Slay, Gypsy, Slay" - written by Tony Barrett, directed by James Brown: A wealthy business man is kidnapped by a group of gypsies. Can Honey find him before its too late? John Ericson is hilarious in one scene disguised as an elderly man. There's also an amusing fight sequence with a gorilla. (25:27)

"The Fun-Fun Killer" - written by Art Weingarten, directed by Murray Golden: Things turn deadly at a toy factory when a metallic robot turns to murder. TRIVIA FACT: The same robot would later show up, that same year, in the Gilligan's Island Season Two episode: "Gilligan's Living Doll." (25:28)

"Pop Goes The Easel" - teleplay by Lila Garrett & Bernie Kahn, story by Gail Allen & Chris Christensen, directed by James Brown: Aunt Meg has her can of chicken gumbo soup stolen at a supermarket in what appears to be a huge publicity stunt involving an eccentric painter. (25:26)

"Little Green Robin Hood" - written by Ken Kolb, directed by Sidney Miller: A deluded jewel thief, who claims to be Robin Hood, preys on a rich woman...and charms Honey. Can she figure out this mystery? The episode features a homing beacon ring gadget. Eleanor Audley (the voice of Maleficent in Walt Disney's Sleeping Beauty) guest stars. (25:27)

"Just The Bear Facts, Ma'am" - written by Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov, directed by James Brown: Honey and Sam go undercover as stunt doubles on a movie set in order to discover the truth behind a woman's death. The episode features an amusing Silent Movie dream sequence. (25:16)

"There's A Long, Long, Fuse a Burning" - written by Gwen Bagni & Paul Dubov, directed by Thomas Carr: An ex-con & bomb expert is the police's prime suspect when a recent tirade of explosions begins to occur all over town. Dick Clark (American Bandstand) guest stars. (25:28)

"An Eerie, Airy, Thing" - written by William Link & Richard Levinson, directed by James Brown: An old war buddy of Sam's threatens to jump to his death unless his wife takes him back. (25:26)

Extra Features:
Vintage Commercials - Sweeta Sweetener, Old Spice cologne (X2), El Producto cigars, PSA, High Sierra After Shave, Baby Magic Lotion, The United Way, Dippity-Do Setting Gel, White Rain Hairspray, Muriel cigars, Voyage To The Bottom of The Sea & The FBI (X2) TV promos, Twelve O'Clock High + The Legend of Jesse James & A Man Called Shenandoah, Breck Shampoo & Hairspray, ABC TV Schedule by Honey West, TV Guide. 17 commercials total.

Total Running Time Approximately 189 Min.