Lost Planet 2-SKIDROW

SKiDROW

->  T H EL E A D i N GF O R C E<-  
  
proudly presents 
  Lost Planet 2 / Capcom  
 
 
 RELEASE DATE : 10-10-2010  PROTECTION : Securom + xlive  
 GAME TYPE : ActionDISKS: 2 DVD
 
  
 On with the game release information:
  
 Lost Planet 2 is the sequel to Lost Planet: Extreme Condition,  
 the landmark third-person shooter which debuted on Xbox 360  
 and went on to sell over 2.3 million units worldwide after its  
 release. Lost Planet 2 offers deeper insight into the world of  
 E.D.N III and the uncertain fate of future mankind. 
  
 Players will control heroes from each faction across 6 
 interconnected episodes, viewing the war from the perspective
 of each, creating a truly unique interactive experience. With
 this concept, players will have the opportunity to engage in 
 the story in a much more dynamic way as plot threads evolve  
 from different players perspectives. 
  
 The intense and action-packed campaign mode comes with the
 ability to form teams of up to 4 players online. Beyond the  
 deep single-player and co-op modes, Lost Planet 2 is loaded  
 with extensive multiplayer modes allowing up to 16 players to
 compete online, each with their own customizable avatar.  
  
 Lost Planet 2's biggest weapons come on two legs: the heavily
 armed and armored robotic Vital Suits return in greater
 numbers and variety than the first game. There are VS that
 transform into other vehicles, hold up to three players and  
 some that even take multiple players to operate. 
  
 Co-op action: Team up to battle the giant Akrid in explosive 4  
 player online co-operative play. Teamwork is the player's key
 to victory as the team is dependent on each other to succeed 
 and survive. 
  
 Massive scale of enemies: Players skill on the battlefield and  
 ability to work as a team will be tested like never before
 against the giant Akrid. Players will utilize teamwork 
 tactics, new weapons and a variety of vital suits (VS) to 
 fight these larger-than-life bosses. 
 
 Deep level of character customization: Players will have  
 hundreds of different ways to customize their look, nom de
 guerre, emotes, and weapons to truly help them define their  
 character on the battlefield. A wide array of customizable
 abilities range from taking less damage, to running faster to
 operating data posts quicker
  
 Rewards System: Players will receive rewards for assisting
 teammates and contributing to the team's success 
  
 Multiplayer: Compete in 16-player multiplayer matches with
 nine different maps and 5 different game modes including  
 Data Post Battle, Akrid Egg Battle, Fugitive, Elimination and
 Team Elimination. Additional maps will be available as 
 downloadable content after the game's release.
  
 Exciting new VS features- Based on fan feedback, the team has
 implemented an unbelievable variety of Vital Suits and new
 ways to combat VS's. The new VS system will have a powerful  
 impact on the way the player takes to the war zone in Lost
 Planet 2  

Minimum System Requirements:

Operating System : Microsoft Windows 7 / Vista / XP
Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo Processor or better / AMD Athlon x2 Processor or better
Video Card : 256 MB VRAM – NVIDIA GeForce 7800 Series / ATI Radeon HD 2400 Pro
Memory : 1 GB RAM (XP) / 2 GB RAM (Vista / Win 7)
Hard Disk : 13 GB of free Hard Drive space
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
Direct X : 9.0c
Controls : Keyboard & Mouse
  
 Install Notes: 
 
 2. Mount image or burn it
 3. Install
 4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 2 to your 
 installation directory and overwrite 
 5. Play the game

Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/23000/22351.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/23000/22352.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/23000/22353.jpg

Lost Planet 2-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
Greets to all actual/future p2p/scene quality groups and affiliate websites.