CIRCLE OF RAGE - PROBLEM, REACTION, SOLUTION.


Forget the restrictions of genre and embrace the creations of 5 dudes that crave passion, heart and soul in their music above all else. Finally, a band with something to say who have the balls to say it! Aggressive, politically motivated, metal/hardcore inspired music.

The NEED to ask questions and demand truth in times of deceit IS revolution.

Their intense live shows are a force to be reckoned with. If you get a chance to witness one - DO IT! You will be sure to find your head turning in their direction, with their ‘in your face’ performances, unable to be ignored.

For a list of some of the bands Circle of Rage have have shared a stage (or floor) with AND a list of venues they've rocked please check out  www.circleofrage.co.uk  or 

On there you will also find information on their releases as well as free tracks to download



    "Capturing live energy is hard, but here COR do it perfectly, with messages about taxation, social upset and dissatisfaction with today’s climate, its an album that you can pour your own emotions into, making each listener’s experience different.."
    - James Black, Black 'n' Beard radio (Jul 20, 2009)


    "...a compulsive mix of hardcore frustrations, chiseled from the wall of talent that has been emerging from Kent over the past 3 years. Don't be left out of the loop. Get into Circle of Rage now!"
    Alan Hicks - Rockmatrix.co.uk


    "For the hardcore fan they're a welcome addition to the music scene.. catch COR live where you can really see the power of their music; original and fresh, sounding nothing like other copycat bands out there today."
    The Gig Guide - The-gig-guide.co.uk

    "An excellent Kent Band"
    - BBC Radio Kent Introducing


    "Circle of Rage: A truly exciting, unique act with their own character and their own creative methods."
    - HardRockHaven.net


    "Their crunching, politically-charged offerings leave many in the crowd mightily impressed."
    - Rockmidgets.com
