This is the Hang Cool Teddy Bear US Concert Tour 2010. And it's a great concert! Meat sounds good and the show is just fantastic. 105 minutes of pure rock with 4 great new songs from the latest album and a bunch of his greatest hits make this a concert to remember!

Because there is no official or complete bootleg version from the show I had to create it myself!

There have been a lot of lose clips from the concerts floating on the web lately. So I decided to collect them and make one big concert out of them.

I used two audio sources for this dvd. 
Most of the sound is from the bootleg cd from the 'Mohegan Sun Casino'. It was taped on july 12th from the audience. Very good quality for a fan recording.

Second source is the House of Blues in Texas concert from August 26. I used that mainly for the talk with the audience stuff (some very funny stuff in here).

Then I used video sources from:
Fantasy Springs Resort Casino, Indio
Gibson Amphitheatre, California
Seminole Hardrock in Hollywood, Florida
House of Blues, Texas
PNC Bank Arts Centre, New Jersey 

And I started mixing them together. It's all audience video recordings so don't expect professional quality here.

I grabbed all the clips I had and started to lypsinc them with the sound. And for most part I think I succeeded.

What's left is a 110 minute concert giving you a very good impression of Meat's current tour. 

This is the ultimate version. I won't be making any changes to this concert. Added new scenes for Bat out of Hell, Two out of Three en Anything for love. Fixed a few more lip sync issues and now it should work well! 

Credits go to the fans that video/audio taped the material I used.

Tracklist:
01. Intro
02. Hot Patootie
03. Bat out of Hell
04. Peace on Earth
05. Living on the Outside
06. Los Angeloser
07. You Took the Words
08. Song of Madness
09. Rock 'n Roll Dreams
10. Anything for Love
11. Audience Talk
12. Two Out of Three
13. Paradise by the Dashboard Light
14. All Revved up

- And bonus songs  ;) 

Size: 4,36 Gig
System: NTSC DVD
Sound: stereo
run. time: 118 min.
Chapters: Yes, for each song
dvd cover: created and included

Screens:


Cover:


