 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1285482/

Watch Episode 2 trailer from MisfitsYay! elishh likes Behind the scenesSee kat and me by salskins from Skins 3 photos.Dead Set:  Dead Set 
Story 
Cast 
Kelly Riq Marky Veronica Space Pippa Joplin Patrick Angel Alex Grayson 
Pictures 
Episodes Episode 1 pictures Episode 2 pictures Episode 4 pictures Episode 5 pictures Behind the scenes on set Final scenes and special effects Episode 1 on set Zombie Davina Cast BB Housemates The House Davina first look Teaser 
Episode guide 
Episode 5 Episode 4 Episode 3 Episode 2 Episode 1 
Videos 
Preview and catch up clips Episode 1: Eviction Episode 1: Big Brother Episode 2: Green room Episode 2: Discovery Episode 2: Escape Episode 3: Supermarket Episode 3: Police Episode 4: Riq's runner Episode 4: This is Big Brother Episode 5: All for one Behind the scenes Big Brother house tour On set with cast Pippa's full eviction Trailers and teasers Over 18 TV trailers Cinema trailer Original trailer Teasers 
Charlie Brooker 
Get Infected 
Win Stuff 
Dead Set
 

Britain has a big problem. The dead are returning to life and attacking the living. The people they kill get up and kill – and it’s spreading like wildfire. Curiously, there are a few people left in Britain who aren’t worried about any of this – that’s because they’re the remaining contestants in Big Brother. Cocooned in the safety of the Big Brother house, they’re blissfully unaware of the horrific events unfolding outside. Until an eviction night when all hell breaks loose. 

Kelly, (Jaime Winstone) the production runner working on Big Brother finds herself caught in the impossible position of trying to fend off the walking dead alongside the remaining housemates, Davina herself, a host of former Big Brother housemates, her producer boss Patrick (Andy Nyman) and boyfriend Riq (Riz Ahmed).

Over the ensuing days, in a cruel reflection of the game show they thought they were entering, the contestants fall victim, one by one, to the hungry masses outside. Staying alive requires teamwork – which is tricky when you’re a group specifically selected by TV producers to wind each other up.
