STOSSEL - [Free Speech] - Fox Business Network
2010, May 20, Thursday

Xvid/MP3 AVI - encoded from clean composite SD source video

--------
[Excerpted from John Stossel's blog:]


May 21, 2010 12:06 PM UTC by John Stossel
Reaction to This Week's Show

Here are some of the comments viewers had on this week's First Amendment show (re-airs Saturday at 7 & 11 ET and Sunday at 10pm ET).

Many of you objected to the idea that the First Amendment gives us rights. During the show, Ayaan Hirsi Ali tells a story where a heckler demanded who gave her the right to criticize Islam. A counter-heckler shouted back: "The First Amendment!"
Gene writes:

Technically, the counter-heckler was not quite correct. The First [Amendment] does not give us rights, it protects rights that were, according to the preamble, endowed to us by our Creator.

Some viewers still don't believe the First Amendment gives us the right to offend. Abdul Rehman wrote:

‘Free speech’ is everybody’s right and should be practiced. There is however a fine line between ‘free speech’ and ‘offending speech’. A fine line which the majority of Americans respect but I’m afraid you are defending the minority view here.

Derogatory actions and remarks are NOT protected as freedom of speech!

Helen wrote:

I am so impressed with Ayaan Hirsi Ali! What an incredibly brave woman! More people should honor the First Amendment in the ways that she does. Why is this subject avoided by the press? Precisely because of what she said – they are all afraid.

Myles wrote:

While I rarely agree with John’s more libertarian (and contrarian) views, I agree 100% with him on this.

Something has to be done to stem this descent.

Please don’t blame the President, this era (error) of political correctness has been growing for over 40 years

No Social Justice wrote:

I miss John Stossel. I really wish I got Fox Business where I live – or could find his shows online. Maybe one day. /Sigh.

Call your cable or satellite provider and demand it! (Or better yet, switch to a satellite provider who does carry Fox Business.) You can watch all my shows on Hulu. The First Amendment show will be up in about two weeks.
