	

Release Title Heavy Weights


Release Date
17 February 1995 (USA)
Release Length
100 min
Genre
Family | Comedy
Language English
Storyline 11-year-old Gerald "Gerry" Garner lives in Hendersonville, North Carolina, and he's overweight. Gerry's parents Maury and Mrs. Garner decide to send Gerry to Camp Hope, a camp for overweight boys. The camp is owned by kindly Harvey Bushkin and his equally kind wife Alice Bushkin. When the Bushkins declare bankruptcy and decide to step down as the camp's owners, the camp is bought by a wacko named Tony Perkis. Tony plans to force the campers to lose as much weight as they can, and he also intends to document the marathon shedding of weight and use it for an infomercial for his slenderizing program. In the eyes of the campers, Tony has made Camp Hope a living hell. As Gerry and counselor Pat Finley lead the efforts to overthrow Tony, the campers prepare for the Apache Relay against arch rival Camp MVP. The Apache Relay is a kind of race in which Camp Hope has never defeated Camp MVP before.


 David Goldman ... Nicholas
Joseph Wayne Miller ... Sam
Cody Burger ... Cody
Allen Covert ... Kenny
Tim Blake Nelson ... Roger Johnson
Nancy Ringham ... Mrs. Maury Garner
Seth St. Laurent ... Camp MVP Racer
Bobby Fain ... Camp MVP Pitcher
Tom McGowan ... Pat Finley
Aaron Schwartz ... Gerald 'Gerry' Garner
Shaun Weiss ... Josh Burnbalm
Tom Hodges ... Lars
Leah Lail ... Julie
Paul Feig ... Tim
Kenan Thompson ... Roy

Original Source DVD RETAIL
Tracker:

Code 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce


Container: Audio Video Interleave (.AVI)
Video Codec Type: XviD
Video Codec Name: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Bitrate: 2 006 Kbps
Encoding: 2 Pass
Resolution: 720x304
Quality Factor (QF): 0.262
Frame Rate: 23.976 fps
Display Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Size: 1.23 GiB (90%)


Audio Codec: AC-3
Bitrate: 192 Kbps
Bitrate Type: Constant
Sample Rate: 48.0 KHz
Channels: 2 channels
Size: 134 MiB (10%)

Total Size 1.37 GiB