The Black Hole [Xvid - Ita Eng - Mp3][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]






The Black Hole


by rdaneel






Cast:

Maximilian Shell..........Dr. Hans Reinhardt
Anthony Perkins..........Dr. Alex Durant
Robert Forster..........Capt. Dan Holland
Joseph Bottoms..........Lt. Charles Pizer
Yvette Mimieux..........Dr. Kate McCrae
Ernest Borgnine..........Harry Booth
Tommy McLaughlin..........Captain S.T.A.R. (Special Troops Arms Regiment)
Roddy McDowall..........V.I.N.CENT. (Vital Information Necessary CENTralized) (voice)
Slim Pickens..........Bob (voice)
Gary Nelson..........Robot a cui viene tolta la maschera



The Black Hole is a 1979 science fiction movie directed by Gary Nelson for Walt Disney Productions. It stars Maximilian Schell, Robert Forster, Joseph Bottoms, Yvette Mimieux, Anthony Perkins, and Ernest Borgnine. The voices of the main robot characters in the film are provided by Roddy McDowall and Slim Pickens. The music for the movie was composed by John Barry. The plot was inspired by Jules Verne's Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea, filmed by Disney in 1954. Alan Dean Foster novelized the screenplay.



At $20 million (plus another $6 million for its advertising budget) it was at the time the most expensive picture ever produced by the company. The movie earned $36 million at the US box office, making it the 13th highest grossing film of the year. It was generally not well-received by critics; although the special effects were not cutting edge, they were highly praised. The film was nominated for cinematography and visual effects Academy Awards. Although Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope had popularized the use of computerized motion control miniature effects, The Black Hole was largely shot using the old-fashioned technique of models on wires in front of painted backdrops and was something of a swan song for the special effects techniques from Hollywood's "golden age" which would soon be replaced by special effects companies such as Industrial Light and Magic and more complex computer animation. At the time of its release, the movie's opening credits sequence featured the longest computer graphics shot that had ever appeared in a film. The film's opening titles, with their vertiginous music and graphics, were inspired by the Alfred Hitchcock film Vertigo.[citation needed] The film also had the world's
first digitally recorded soundtrack.



An Earth exploratory ship, the USS Palomino, is returning from a deep space exploration mission. The crew consists of: the Palomino's Captain, Dan Holland (Robert Forster); his First Officer, Lieutenant Charlie Pizer (Joseph Bottoms); journalist Harry Booth (Ernest Borgnine); ESP-sensitive scientist Dr. Kate McCrae (Yvette Mimieux); Dr. Alex Durant (Anthony Perkins), the expedition's civilian leader; and the robot V.I.N.CENT ("Vital Information Necessary CENTralized", voice of Roddy McDowall). The ship discovers a black hole with a lost ship, the USS Cygnus, seemingly lifeless but somehow defying its gravity and hovering just outside its event horizon. The Palomino moves in to investigate, and finds a mysterious zero gravity field surrounding the Cygnus. The Palomino is damaged when it drifts out of the null gravity bubble but manages to make it back to the Cygnus. The derelict ship suddenly comes to life, and allows the Palomino to dock. They find a crew of humanoid, faceless robots, along with the ship's Commander, Doctor Hans Reinhardt (Maximilian Schell), a prominent scientist last seen twenty years prior, when he refused an order to return the Cygnus to Earth. Reinhardt explains that the rest of the crew left him behind, and he now commands an army of robots, including the hulking, ominous
Maximilian. Reinhardt reveals that he is working on a project to fly the Cygnus into the black hole and explore beyond. While most of the crew react with incredulity and skepticism upon this announcement, Durant reacts with enthusiasm and decides to accompany Reinhardt into the black hole.



- Rip Specifications -

Dimensione........: 1,395,738,624 byte
Durata............: 1:31:26

Video Codec.......: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 1
Video Bitrate.....: 1749
Risoluzione.......: 768 x 432
FPS (Frames/sec)..: 25.000
QF (Frame quality): 0.211

Traccia 1
Audio Codec.......: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
Audio Bitrate.....: 115 VBR
Canali audio......: 2
Freq Audio........: 48000

Traccia 2
Audio Codec.......: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3
Audio Bitrate.....: 190 kb/s Vbr
Canali audio......: 2
Freq Audio........: 48000




Visit http://www.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/