Please seed!

The Beach Boys are an American rock band, formed in 1961, who gained popularity for their close vocal harmonies and lyrics reflecting a Southern California youth culture of cars, surfing, and romance. Brian Wilson's growing creative ambitions later transformed them into a more artistically innovative group that earned critical praise and influenced many later musicians.
The group was initially composed of singer-musician-composer Brian Wilson, his brothers, Carl and Dennis, their cousin Mike Love, and friend Al Jardine. This core quintet was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1988.  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Beach_Boys

Trying to collect a complete, and I mean complete, discography with all Beach Boys releases seems to be almost impossible. According to Wiki there are 28 studio albums (32 with the live albums). According to AMG there are 38 albums (including live albums). The compilations seems to be countless/innumerable. And I don't even want to think of all unofficial releases.

Anyway,here's one Swedish compilation, various mono and stereo mixes.

Enjoy!


The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection
Digital remaster 1995
This compilation 2000 (EMI)


01  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - I Get Around  
02  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - California Girls  
03  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Fun, Fun, Fun  
04  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Don't Worry Baby  
05  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Help Me Rhonda  
06  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Surfin' USA  
07  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Wouldn't It Be Nice  
08  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Sloop John B  
09  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Surfin' Safari  
10  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Ten Little Indians  
11  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Surfer Girl  
12  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - God Only Knows  
13  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Good Vibrations  
14  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Little Deuce Coupe  
15  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Little Honda  
16  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Be True To Your School  
17  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Heroes And Villains  
18  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Darlin'  
19  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - In My Room  
20  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - When I Grow Up  
21  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Dance, Dance, Dance  
22  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Barbara Ann  
23  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - I Can Hear Music  
24  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Cotton Fields  
25  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Do You Wanna Dance?  
26  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - You're So Good To Me  
27  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Then I Kissed Her  
28  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Do It Again  
29  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - California Dreamin'  
30  The Beach Boys - Greatest Hits - The Swedish Collection - Kokomo