The Simpsons - Season 10

Series: The Simpsons
DVD release: August 7, 2007
Network: Fox
No. of episodes: 23
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit Rate: 136kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------

S10E01 - Lard of the Dance
Lisa befriends a new student named Alex Whitney, whose mature attitude convinces Lisa's friends to be just like her. As a result, Alex and her new friends convince Skinner to host a school dance and set out to buy outfits for the dance in order to get a date. However, when Lisa joins the dance, she discovers the boys and girls at separate ends, proving to Alex that the children are not yet mature enough. Meanwhile, Homer convinces Bart to drop out of school for what he thinks to be a more promising pursuit: selling grease. However, this endeavor fails when their business only results in a scuffle with Groundskeeper Willie.
Guest star: Lisa Kudrow.

S10E02 - The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
Homer discovers that he hasn't done anything in life that will be considered worthwhile after he dies. In an attempt to find a way to be remembered, Lisa introduces Homer to Thomas Edison, prompting him to become an inventor himself. However, his initial inventions are considered unpractical and not well received. Depressed, Homer comes up with an untipable chair which saves his career, only to discover that Edison also invented the same design. Consequently, he sets out to destroy the Edison's version at New Jersey. There, he has a change of heart and decides to destroy Eli Whitney's inventions instead, only to leave his electric hammer behind, making Edison's heirs richer, making Homer more depressed.
Guest star: William Daniels.

S10E03 - Bart the Mother
Nelson invites Bart over to shoot off a BB gun he won at an arcade center. When Bart uses it and kills a mother bird, Bart feels guilty and takes it upon himself to nurse the orphaned eggs. However, when Marge finds out about Bart's deed, she is actually proud of him for caring for the eggs. However, when they hatch, they are found to be lizards that lived in the bird's nest. When Skinner tells Bart that the lizards must die because they killed so many species of birds, Bart refuses, and the lizards escape. After devouring the pigeon population, the lizards are thanked by the townsfolk, and Bart is honoured by Major Quimby.
Guest star: Phil Hartman (in his final role)

S10E04 - Treehouse of Horror IX
A Halloween special which is divided into three short stories:
Hell Toupee – Homer gets a hair transplant from Snake Jailbird (who was sentenced to death after breaking the city's three strikes law), who proceeds to possess Homer, forcing him to kill the people who witnessed Snake's final crime, including his son, Bart.
The Terror of Tiny Toon – When Lisa and Bart find a plutonium rod to use as a remote control battery, the two get sucked into a special, extremely violent Halloween episode of The Itchy and Scratchy Show.
Starship Poopers – Marge, Homer, and Kang end up on The Jerry Springer Show after Marge confesses to Homer that Maggie is an alien and that Kang is her real father.
Guest stars: Regis Philbin, Kathie Lee Gifford, Jerry Springer, Ed McMahon, Marcia Wallace and Robert Englund.

S10E05 - When You Dish Upon a Star
When a parasailing accident sends Homer crashing into the secret home of Hollywood couple Kim Basinger and Alec Baldwin, they hire him as their personal assistant, provided that Homer doesn't tell anyone where Baldwin and Basinger are. At first, Homer gives a few ridiculous suggestions for screenplays. However, Homer accidentally violates their trust by revealing their location in Springfield; as a result, the couple immediately end their friendship. After a chase between Homer in his mobile "museum of jerks" and the Hollywood stars in their Hummer, Homer is ordered by a court of law to remain 500 miles away from any
Guest stars: Alec Baldwin, Kim Basinger, Ron Howard and Brian Grazer.

S10E06 - D'oh-in in the Wind
While filling out a Screen Actors Guild form (after starring in an instructional video filmed at the nuclear plant), Homer realizes that he doesn't know what his middle initial "J" stands for. After finding the answer, Jay, on a mural in the hippie convent where his mother once lived, Homer decides to live the hippie lifestyle, joining with old hippies such as Seth and Munchie, who now own an orange juice company. However, Homer quickly botches their business, and, after getting shot in the head by a flower, things return to normal.
Guest Stars: George Carlin, Martin Mull and a special performance by Yo La Tengo.

S10E07 - Lisa Gets an "A"
While sick from school, Lisa becomes obsessed with a video game and forgets to study for a test on the book The Wind in the Willows. Not willing to fail, she calls upon Bart and Nelson to help her cheat, and getting an A++++. Consequently, Springfield Elementary School now qualifies for a basic assistance grant. Tormented by her guilt, she reveals her cheating to Skinner and Chalmers, who agree to keep it a secret to maintain the funds. At the ceremony, Lisa finally bursts out, only to realise the real ceremony had already taken place, as Skinner and Chalmers anticipated her actions. Meanwhile, Homer houses a lobster to eat, but becomes emotionally attached to it and makes it his pet. However, he accidentally boils it to death and eats it sadly.

S10E08 - Homer Simpson in: "Kidney Trouble"
While going to Bloodbath Gulch, a former ghost town, the Simpsons unwillingly pick up Abraham Simpson. However, Abe is forced to "hold it in" during a long drive home which results in a "kidney blowout", requiring a kidney donor. Homer offers to give his father one of his kidneys, but when his friends scare him with possible scenarios of what could happen if he donates an organ, Homer runs away and joins a group of weird characters who have also fled in shame. However, Homer is rejected even from these outcasts and drifts back to Springfield. There, he plans on giving a kidney, but runs away at the last minute. After being knocked unconscious by a car, Homer unwittingly gives his kidneys while unconscious.

S10E09 - Mayored to the Mob
After saving Mayor Quimby from rioters at a sci-fi convention, Homer becomes Mayor Quimby's bodyguard. When Homer realises the extent of Fat Tony's influence, Homer forces Quimby to expose Tony in return for saving Quimby from falling off a ledge. However, when the two go to a dinner theater, Homer and Mark Hamill foil an attempt on Quimby's life by Louie, Tony's henchmen. While Homer and Hamill run away, Tony savagely beats the Mayor with a baseball bat, restoring Quimby's fear of the Mafia.
Guest star: The Moody Blues.

S10E10 - Viva Ned Flanders
When Springfield's only casino is destroyed, massive dust clouds are issued, prompting the Simpsons and Ned Flanders to go to a car wash. There, Ned reveals that he is 60 years old and looks young because he has done nothing exciting in his life. Out of pity, Homer decides to take him to Las Vegas, where, after a night of drunken partying and gambling, they end up married to two derelict barmaids while drunk. However, they try to escape, and are ultimately banned from ever visiting Las Vegas.
Guest star: The Moody Blues.

S10E11 - Wild Barts Can't Be Broken
Homer, Lenny, Carl and Barney raise rampant drunken destruction on Springfield Elementary after the Isotopes win a rare victory. Chief Wiggum suspects that the children committed the crime and places all of Springfield's youth under curfew. However, the children rally and go a movie called "The Bloodening". Then, after being caught and punished by Wiggum, the children host a show where they reveal all the adult's secrets. After a brief showdown, the seniors agree to raise a curfew for everyone less than seventy years old.
Guest star: Cyndi Lauper.

S10E12 - Sunday, Cruddy Sunday
Homer, Bart and a group of men from around Springfield go to Miami to watch the Super Bowl, only to find upon arrival that their tickets are fake. As a result, they are locked in "Super Bowl Jail". However, thanks to extra-strong makeup remover from Dolly Parton, they break out the jail and watch the game. Finally, they get mixed into the game, and Homer ends up hoisting the trophy at the locker room. Back at home, Marge and Lisa, in an attempt to alleviate their boredom, play with a Vincent Price egg painting set, only to realize that it lacks legs. Despite the set coming from 1967, the duo still order the legs.
Guest stars: John Madden, Troy Aikman, Dan Marino, Pat Summerall, Rosey Grier, Fred Willard, Dolly Parton and Rupert Murdoch.

S10E13 - Homer to the Max
Homer takes advantage of the fact that a suave TV show character has the same name as he does, garnering admiration everywhere. However, when said suave TV character is turned into a fat, bumbling idiot, Homer petitions the court to have his own name legally changed to Max Power, a name from a hair-dryer setting. As a result, through Mr. Burns, "Max" and Marge attend a party where they meet a lot of famous people. However, the party was intended to protect the redwoods; when Wiggum arrives, Max accidentally cuts all the redwoods with his chains while running away from Eddie and Lou. Max decides to change his name back again to Homer Simpson.
Guest star: Ed Begley, Jr.

S10E14 - I'm with Cupid
Apu showers his wife with elaborate Valentine's Day gifts, making the rest of the men look bad, and plans to write a love note to her in the sky-which Homer (and a group of other discontented male characters) plans to sabotage. When the plane is about to spray the message "I ? U MANJULA", Homer manages to cut to canister at "I ? U". Homer manages to win Marge's love back by jumping out of the plane covered in roses. Meanwhile, to reconcile Apu with his wife, Elton John performs a concert.
Guest stars: Elton John, Jan Hooks.

S10E15 - Marge Simpson in: "Screaming Yellow Honkers"
Homer buys an SUV, but upon discovery that it was designed as a "woman's car", he gives it to Marge. Infatuated with the car, she proceeds to develop a ferocious road rage and ends up losing her license when she fails a driving test and crashes it into a prison. However, her road rage is required when Homer accidentally sets all the rhinos in a zoo free. After deliberately crashing her car into a construction site in order to distract the rhino, Marge saves Homer, and all is restored.
Guest stars: John Kassir and Hank Williams, Jr.

S10E16 - Make Room for Lisa
When Homer uses Lisa's room as a cellular phone transmitter to pay off damages done to the Bill of Rights at a Smithsonian exhibit, Lisa begins developing stress-related stomach aches and fears that she and Homer will never be close because of their clashing personalities. As a result, the two of them visit the Karma-Ceuticals, where Lisa discovers that beneath Homer's bumbling outside, he really does care about Lisa. Reconciled, the two of them watch a demolition derby together, something they equally enjoy. Meanwhile, Marge uses Maggie's baby monitor to listen in on phone calls; however, when Milhouse and Bart play a prank on her, Marge knocks Milhouse out cold, thinking he was a burglar.

S10E17 - Maximum Homerdrive
While at a steakhouse, a trucker named Red challenges Homer to an eating contest, ending with Homer losing the match and the trucker losing his life from "beef poisoning". To make it up to him, Homer becomes a trucker and takes Bart along for the ride. While asleep, Homer discovers the Navitron Autodrive system. After conversing with other truckers, Homer decides not to release information about the scam. When passers-by find out though, a mob of truckers confront Homer. To get home, Bart and Homer are coerced to take a freight train with napalm. Meanwhile, after deducing that only Homer and Bart get to do the fun things in life, Marge and Lisa decide to excite their lives by installing a new doorbell. However, after no-one presses the doorbell, Lisa presses it herself, causing it to malfunction.

S10E18 - Simpsons Bible Stories
Reverend Lovejoy punishes the congregation with a thorough reading of the Bible after discovering a chocolate Easter bunny in the collection plate. This leads to the Simpson family dreaming of themselves in Biblical stores:
Adam and Eve – Homer and Marge are Adam and Eve, who get tempted by a snake who looks like Snake Jailbird into eating the forbidden fruit from the Tree of Knowledge.
Moses – Milhouse is Moses, who fights back against the Egyptians (Principal Skinner and the Springfield Police) in order to free the Jews (the children of Springfield Elementary).
King Solomon – In this short piece, Homer is King Solomon, who must decide which man (Lenny and Carl) is the true owner of a cherry pie.
David and Goliath – Bart is David who tries to slay Goliath (Nelson Muntz) after Goliath kills David's oldest friend (Grampa Simpson as Methuseleh).

S10E19 - Mom and Pop Art
After an art dealer sees Homer's botched attempt at building a brick barbecue as a masterpiece, Homer is hailed as an "outsider artist". As a result, he channels his rage into his work and befriends many other artists. Marge, who had been trying to succeed at art for years, gets jealous of Homer's easy success. However, when Homer duplicates his work for a show "Art in America", his peers reject him as "repetitive". Lacking inspiration, Homer floods Springfield and puts snorkels on the animals; surprisingly, Springfield declares this a masterpiece, and everyone enjoys the new "Grand Canals of Springfield".
Guest stars: Jasper Johns and Isabella Rossellini.

S10E20 - The Old Man and the "C" Student
After costing Springfield the Olympics with a racially offensive stand-up act, Bart is forced to "volunteer" at the Springfield Retirement Castle. Meanwhile Homer starts his latest get-rich-quick scheme: selling springs that were supposed to be used as the Olympics mascot. However, this fails as the entire town bears hatred towards Bart's costing them the hosting of the Olympics. Impressing even Lisa, Bart then decides to take the seniors on a trip on the town and on a boat ride, which the seniors thoroughly enjoy until they crash into Burn's schooner. Things begin to turn ugly until the springs that Homer flushed down the toilet save them. By now, though, Bart has finished his community service time.
Guest star: Jack LaLanne.

S10E21 - Monty Can't Buy Me Love
Another billionaire, Arthur Fortune, captures Springfield's heart by handing each person a dollar. As a result, Mr. Burns looks for various ways to improve his image, recruiting Homer. However, his various schemes fail; for instance, when he makes Homer throw silver coins, the coins only injures the people. After being mocked by Rude on the show "Jerry Rude and the Bathroom Bunch", Burns sets out to capture the Loch Ness Monster. However, even this endeavor fails when the "monster" turns out to be cute and likeable. Out of options, Burns gives the Loch Ness Monster a job at the casino as Homer comments that being hated means you don't have to do anything.
Guest star: Michael McKean.

S10E22 - They Saved Lisa's Brain
When a riot is begins at a Springfield contest that promises a luxurious trip to the most disgusting and dimwitted contest participant, Lisa, disgusted at the lack of intelligence, writes a letter that appears in the newspaper, Although no-one read it, Springfield's branch of Mensa International is impressed and invites Lisa to join the group. Along with Comic Book Guy, Dr. Hibbert, Principal Skinner, Professor Frink, and Lindsay Naegle, the group coerces Quimby to grant themselves power to the city. However, the power corrupts them, and they do an even worse job than Quimby did. Cornered by a mob, the group is saved when Stephen Hawking shows up. Meanwhile, Homer gets erotic photographs of himself for Marge, but fails to have sex with her.
Guest star: Stephen Hawking.

S10E23 - Thirty Minutes over Tokyo
When Snake Jailbird steals the Simpson family's bank account via the internet, the Simpsons go on a budget and save enough to buy a trip to Japan by stealing Ned's "saver" tickets. The Simpsons thoroughly enjoy Japan, and Homer defeats one of the mightiest Sumo wrestlers. Impressed, the Emporer of Japan congratulates Homer, but, thinking him a new challenger, Homer knocks him cold. As a result, Homer is placed in prison. Just as Marge pays the bail, Homer loses his million yen. All seems lost until a show, Happy Smile Super Challenge Family Wish Show, allows the Simpson to compete on a sadistic game show in order to return to the U.S. The last task is to retrieve the tickets over an active volcano, which turns out to be a fake. During the plane ride home, they are confronted by beasts such as Godzilla, but are soon left alone as Lisa is asleep.
Guest stars: George Takei, Gedde Watanabe, Keone Young, Karen Maruyama and Denice Kumagai.

---------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp