 
http://www.imagebam.com/image/106b7642004802


Sea of Sand is a 1958 war film starring Michael Craig, John Gregson and
Richard Attenborough. Other actors featured include Barry Foster,
Vincent Ball, Harold Goodwin, Ray McAnally and Percy Herbert.

Directed by Guy Green and written by Robert Westerby, the film is set in
North Africa during World War II and tells the story of a patrol of the Long
Range Desert Group (LRDG), commandos who drove long distances
behind enemy lines in the fight against Rommel's Afrika Korps. The film's
technical advisor was Bill Kennedy Shaw, who served as the group's
intelligence officer during the desert campaign.

The score was by Clifton Parker and was performed by the Sinfonia of
London under the musical direction of Muir Mathieson.

Many consider it to be a fairly accurate description of a typical LRDG
patrol. One glaring mistake however is the troops' use of Sten guns which
were never issued to or used by LRDG, who used either the SMLE .303
or the Thompson submachine gun.

It was filmed entirely in Tripolitania, Libya.


Plot


On the eve of the Battle of El Alamein, Captain Tim Cotton leads a LRDG
patrol on a raid to destroy a German fuel dump located deep behind
enemy lines. After surviving a perilous journey, they arrive and destroy
the stocks of petrol, only to find a secret inside the depot. With their radio
smashed in a German ambush, they must return to base to report the
information while there is time for it to be acted upon.



* Michael Craig as Captain Tim Cotton

* John Gregson as Captain Bill Williams R.E.

* Richard Attenborough as Trooper Brody

* Percy Herbert as Corporal "Blanco" White


* Barry Foster as Corporal Mathieson







General
Format : Matroska
File size : 699 MiB
Duration : 1h 34mn
Overall bit rate : 1030 Kbps

Video
ID : 1
Format : AVC
Format profile : High@L4.1
Format settings, ReFrames : 4 frames
Bit rate : 818 Kbps
Nominal bit rate : 835 Kbps
Width : 720 pixels
Height : 416 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16/9
Frame rate : 25.000 fps

Audio
ID : 2
Format : AC-3
Duration : 1h 34mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 192 Kbps
Language : English