Blue Oyster Cult - On Your Feet Or On Your Knees (1990) 
Mp3
CBR 320
Front Cover Art


Biography by William Ruhlmann allmusic.com

Blue Öyster Cult was the thinking man's heavy metal group. Put together on a college campus by a couple of rock critics, it maintained a close relationship with a series of literary figures (often in the fields of science fiction and horror), including Eric Von Lustbader, Patti Smith, Michael Moorcock, and Stephen King, while turning out some of the more listenable metal music of the early and mid-'70s. The band that became Blue Öyster Cult was organized in 1967 at Stony Brook College on Long Island by students (and later rock critics) Sandy Pearlman and Richard Meltzer as Soft White Underbelly and consisted of Andy Winters (bass), Donald "Buck Dharma" Roeser (guitar), John Wiesenthal -- quickly replaced by Allen Lanier -- (keyboards), and Albert Bouchard (drums), with Pearlman managing and Pearlman and Meltzer writing songs. Initially without a lead singer, they added Les Bronstein on vocals. This quintet signed to Elektra Records and recorded an album that was never released. They then dropped Bronstein and replaced him with their road manager, Eric Bloom, as the band's name was changeto Oaxaca. A second Elektra album also went unreleased, though a single was issued under the name the Stalk-Forrest Group. 


Review by William Ruhlmann allmusic.com

On Your Feet or on Your Knees, Blue Öyster Cult's first live album (there would be two more), was also their first to peak inside the Top 40 best-sellers, which is more of an indication of the audience the group was building up through extensive touring than of its quality. Songs that had a tight, concentrated impact on studio albums got elongated here, and that impact was dissipated. And the song selection left a great deal to be desired if this was to be a fitting summation of the band's career so far. Perhaps by their 1974 tour, BÖC had dropped such classics from their first album as "Transmaniacon MC," "I'm on the Lamb But I Ain't No Sheep," and "Stairway to the Stars," but the less impressive material from the third album was no substitute. The album did mark the first commercial release of a version of "Buck's Boogie" as well as covers of the Yardbirds' "I Ain't Got You" and Steppenwolf's "Born to Be Wild."


1. The Subhuman 7:26
2. Harvester Of Eyes 4:59
3. Hot Rail To Hell 5:11	
4. The Red And The Black 4:20	
5. Seven Screaming Diz-Busters	8:49
6. Buck's Boogie 7:06	
7. (Then Came The) Last Of May 4:44
8. Cities On Flame 4:05		
9. M.E. 262 8:18	
10.Before The Kiss (A Recap) 5:12	
11.Maserati GT (I Ain't Got You) 9:01	
12.Born To Be Wild 7:04


Enjoy!