.



screens CD1 + CD2 (+ large DVD-covers): 
http://www.bigscreensforadults.info/


(2009-Nov-18: Interracial Fuck Sluts)


Starring:
Adrianna Nicole, Chayse Evans, Francesca Le, Katie Kox, Tori Black


With INTERRACIAL FUCK SLUTS, Jonni Darkko applies his glossy style to some seriously hard-edged fuckery between a bevy of majestically cock-hungry women and the African-Americans who love them. Well, screw the hell out of them, at least! Notorious fuckpigs Francesca Le leads the charge, taking on Richard Mann, Jon Jon, and Rico Strong in a surreal, over-the-top mini gangbang replete with cock-choking blowbangs and deep, deep DPs. Adrianna Nicole gets kinky with Prince Yashua, showing off her footjob skills, and the stunningly gifted Katie Kox uses her enormous talents to give Richard Mann the titjob of his or anyone else`s! life! Chayse Evans does her hypnotic sex-bomb dance before turning into a screaming banshee of fuck, and Tori Black does a twofer, looking like a fashion model gone wonderfully wrong the entire time, even with her face covered in jizz! The disc includes behind-the-scenes footage, photo galleries, and trailers.Scene one: Tori Black absolutely looks her most glam in front of Jonnis lens, lounging in a fashionably fetishy topless outfit, purple bootie shorts held up by suspenders. She gyrates through an extended glam tease until the mood takes a sudden turn for the dark dark meat, that is! Sean Michaels and Richard Mann stride into frame, both already naked and erect. Tori immediately goes to work on them, talking to the audience as she slurps and slobbers away. Drowning herself in black cock, she pushes the guys to get nastier with her, before climbing on Mann for cowgirl while leaning over to suck off Sean some more. Through all the highly athletic positions, Toris pussy and mouth are constantly full, slamming her hard as she begs for more. Her tiny little hole doesnt look like it can take it but it does! At last, she falls to her knees growling and moaning for a double-shot of African-American cum, and she is accommodated.Scene two: Chayse Evans is on the stairs, rocking a faux snakeskin micro-minidress that she barely has to hike up to spread her cheeks and prove shes not even wearing a thong. Like the high-priced escort of your dreams, she crawls across the bare wooden floor in mini-dress and spike heels, writhing and teasing, slowly revealing more but keeping a blank fuck-you expression on her face at all times. She fucks herself with two fingers and then stands up, leans against the staircase rail. Nicely dressed Sean Michaels strolls into the scene, and suavely starts feasting on her ass as he clutches her pussy. She falls to her knees and showsthe same level of intensity servicing his cock, popping his long balls in and out of her mouth. Sean lays her on her back and after some pussy-diving and footjob action, fucks her deeply. He chokes her a little, which inspires her to suck some more cock. Chayse gets extremely vocal, her voice echoing off the high ceilings of the room as she cums on his cock. Several positions later, she calls him Daddy and goes nuts, cumming again and again until he pulls out and shoots on her belly.Scene three: Latina MILF #1 Francesca Le is executing a perfect poolside tease, her brown skin looking like candy, barely covered by a white bathing suit. She brandishes two ice cubes, one for each nipple, and goes to work making them even harder than they were when she fished them out. Flesh wet and gleaming, she strips out of the bathing suit, and in an empty Jacuzzi next to the main pool, lays back and shows off her meaty charms as she frigs herself. Then we join her inside: Ooh, Ive been dreaming about today. Its my black cockfantasy day. Im gonna get the biggest, blackest cock in my ass and in my pussy and in my mouth. How big do you think my mouth can open? Well see, wont we! Her Yes I can speech is interrupted by Richard Mann, Jon Jon and Rico Strong, who have all arrived to help her achieve her lofty goals. A mini blowbang breaks out, spilling a couple of pints of precum and spit. Then Francesca lays back and gets comfortable taking the dick: Oh, youre so deep in that dirty cunt! she screams at one fellow while another pinions her mouth. All this black cock, just for me? Im a lucky whore today, arent I? she remarks. Make her shut up, one guy tells the other, but nothing can suppress this wild Latina harlots nymphomaniacal rage! Lots of anal sex including a mind-blowing cowgirl double-penetration later, Francesca goes for blowbang number two, this time using her hands and mouth to bring all three cocks to eruption, covering her face and chest.Scene four: Adrianna Nicole is lounging in lingerie in the afternoon light, showing off the tan lines on her large round ass. In slow motion, she starts groping various parts of her own anatomy, until shes on her back with one leg above her head, three fingers knuckle-deep in her anus and another one pressing against her clit. Prince Yashua walks in and Adrianna immediately grabs his cock with her stockinged feet, giving him a footjob followed by a handjob as she pushes her feet against his face: Am I getting some nice fresh black meat today? she taunts. Prince lowers his dark, shaven head between her splayed pale, shaven thighs and loudly sucks her clit, his thumb anchored in his pussy and his other hand mashing her fat breast. Then he rims her, and works hisway up to kiss her before shoving his dick in her ready pussy and, to her delight, banging away like a maniac. She stops him after awhile so she can slide down between his knees and show off her face-fucking skills. He next puts her in spoon and starts fucking her ass, switching back and forth between vagina and anus with such vigor Adrianna slurps every drop of her mixed juices off his cock before getting back on for a reverse cowgirl ride. After some more intense fuckery, she puts her hands behind her back and slurps out his seed, refusing to let his cock out of her vicinity until shes stolen every drop.Scene five: Katie Kox is a big, beautiful woman not trailer-park size, but super-healthy, with huge, gorgeously natural blue-veined tits, a soft, shapely belly, and the face of a Botticelli angel. Richard Mann walks up behind her and mashes her enormous boobs with loving fascination. Moving over to a couch, she sits on him, and he continues his tit worship, literally burying his face between her heavenly titties. She slides down between his legs and starts giving him an expert handjob, bringing his oversized black member to full mast so she can put it between her breasts for a truly Olympian titty-fuck. She sits down cowgirl on him, and is shocked by the sensation of his massive dick sliding all the way in. Mann clutches her by her generous hips and gives her a nice long pounding, making every luscious inch of her bounce and rotate with the force of his fuck. She gets down and sucks his dick in gratitude, after which he bones her mightily through several positions that turn her pussy pink and swollen with pleasure. He introduces her to throat-fucking and after some more cunt-smashing, she goes to her knees and sucks up his thick cum.


Anal, DP/double penetration, interracial, big tits, small tits, gonzo
Evil Angel
11/2009
Xvid
01:10:57 + 01:21:55







