POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 



POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at


POtHS 2 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 39 - The Reptilian Alien Agenda

The Reptilians, a Hybrid Race of Humans, who's DNA has been spliced with some Reptile DNA, created this special Bloodline living amongst us today, The Reptilians. David Icke is an Expert on The Reptilian  Race, but NOT much else. This is The Bloodline of The Elite Masters that try to DOMINATE us Humans here on Planet Earth. Another name for them is Earth Dwellers. This is a Bloodline from the Heavens. It is Fallen Blood. It is cursed by our Creator. 

The snake (reptile) in the  Garden of Eden that enticed Eve to Sin was her friend. He also had 2 legs which made him the 2 legged snake as referred to in The Bible. This 2 legged snake is nothing less Than Satan himself, the Head and Chief Priest of The Reptilian Race, The Royal Bloodline of The Elite, right from the Dragon himself. Genesis 6...When The Sons of God (The Angels, Adam and Jesus Christ are the only ones that meet this qualification)saw the Daughters of man and saw that they were fair, they "took them" as they pleased and created an offspring called Nephilim. The Bloodline is Nephilim "Fallen" Blood.  The Nephilim are an abomination in Gods eyes and Yahweh destroyed nearly all humans at the time The Great Flood, all except Noah's, who's Generations were peer. Yahweh hated what Satan had done to the Human Race. 

I wonder if Jesus Died on The Cross for Nephilim? It doesn't say that anywhere that I know of. They may not be eligible for resurrection!!! That would explain there willingness to serve Satan, as Satan also promises his devoted sheep a Resurrection. 

So Jesus, about The End Times, said more than anything else,"DOT NOT BE DECEIVED." HAVE YOU BEEN DECEIVED??? 

THE DECEPTION:


There is a great Alien Deception going to played out on Earth. The Creator  Yahweh, Jesus Christ, The Holy Spirit and Unfallen Angels do not use Spacecraft. Only Satan and his Fallen Angels need mechanical help to travel the different dimensions. Satan and 43 of his high ranking Angels built and used the Pyramids around the World for regeneration. There are 44 Pyramid locations worldwide. The Same number as Satan and his Fallen Commanders. Then Noah's flood shows up to wipe the Nephilim from the Face of The Earth. Nephilim are offspring from an unholy mating of Fallen Angels and the Daughters of man. This bloodline is still around in The blood line of the Elite Reptilians. It is The bloodline of the Snake in The Garden of Eden that has caused all your grief in this lifetime. It is the Bloodline of Satan that is ruling us now in the Form of The NWO and his Elite Domination Masters. I wonder if Jesus died for Nephilim hybrids??? Maybe they are not eligible for resurrection. That would explain their dedication to Satan that has promised them resurrection. Not so complicated is it?

Beware, do not be deceived.




Type POtHS in your search window for more info.



Rapture  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on The Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him... 

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!) 

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   