Slapping on face paint, spikes, leather and assuming the ominous names of Lord Ornias (vocals), Diabolus Erysichthon (guitar), Flesh Harrower (drums) and Azaethron (bass), Teratism adopted atmospheric backdrops of music and Gregorian overdubbing into their basic old-school Black Metal music, ala Emperor and the like. The double peddling, wailing guitars and raspy vocals would commence on their self-titled debut release published in 2001, the same year of their founding. That album was followed-up with Ex Infernus in 2002, and Invocatum Furae Diabolus in the summer of 2002. By the time their Blessing Of Death was being created for release in 2004 the line-up had shifted to see the departure of Azaethron, and the inclusion of Umbriskus (guitar) and Jergmingand (bass) but by the time the album was released the membership had assumed new monikers of Wrath (vocals), Murder (guitar), Desekrator (guitar), Scorn (bass) and Void (drums). For the album’s part, it featured standard old school Black Metal along with a killer version of Kreator’s Tormentor as a bonus track. In 2005 Mike (ex-Ascendancy; guitar) took over the bass slot for their feature on the Destroyers From The Western Skies compilation.

In 2008 they would release a joint venture with Lugubre titled Templi Omnium Hominum Pacis Abhas.

I suppose the inception of Teratism began in the early 90's. Diabolus Erysichthon (guitar) and I have had a partnership for close to 15 years. We were basically writing much of our current material from 92-96, all though it has been until only recently that these very compositions have seen fruition. You all know the shit when endeavoring a project... dealings with the musically inept, conflict of ego's, the absence of the will, etc... Really, every possible element that prevents a band from establishing itself was present through out that decade. We were still quite young, and also involved in various other projects, so this band always remained on the "back-burner". We wanted members who shared our musical ideology and aspirations, and the lack of resources for this was more than evident.

We were just so far removed from the other musicians we encountered. It all came down to finding appropriate members who had a stamina for perseverance, and passion for the music. We accomplished a line-up in the summer of 2001 with the addition of Tyrannus Vermis (guitar), Lord Samaiza (bass), and Flesh Harrower (drums). We immediately began rehearsing the "old" shit, and within about a month's time, we commenced performing live. We held two recording sessions in our rehearsal studio that winter that inevitably got us signed to Root of all Evil Records. This material has since been released as the "Ex Infernus" demo, and the "Invocatum Furae Diabolis" album that was released this past July. The majority of 2002 has been spent creating our forth-coming album, and performing at such events as Milwaukee Metalfest amongst others.

Current line-up
Wrath - Vocals
Murder - Guitar
Domitian - Guitar (Wraithian)
Gilles de Rais - Bass (Catholicon, Demonic Christ (session), Evil God, Masochism, Satanist (USA), Vesperian Sorrow)
Desekrator - Drums (formerly Guitar) (Demonic Christ (Session))

Genre = Black Metal
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 320 kbps
File Size = 116.46 MB

Track Listing
1. Iesous Khristos Cambion
2. My Wintery Embrace
3. He Descends
4. From Serpent Loins, Poison Life
5. Necrofuge
6. Hagion Pneuma, Apochoreo
7. A Trillion Slain
8. He, Wretched One
9. I Am the Darkness
10. Satanos Thronos Esti (Via Negativa)