Free Membership at http://www.torrentkit.com gets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at http://www.torrentkit.com


Register Now [b][url=http://www.torrentkit.com/signup.php]www.Torrentkit.com[/url][/b]



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.                                                      
                   LineZer0!               
                             
                             
                       
                        
                          
                        
                    
                 
                      
                        
                   
                   
              
  cpN    cRo
             
                      
         presents        
                                        
                                      
                                                             
                                                              
                        TouchCopy 09 v9.35                  
                                                             
                 Release Date : 11/24/2009                
                     Nfo Date : 11/23/2009 12:00:00 AM      
                                                                       
      Num. Disks : xx/09                       OS : WinALL             
        Nfo Time : 21:48:22.3167500      Rel Type : Application        
         Cracker : Team Lz0               Archive : lz0*.zip           
          Packer : vV!                     Rating : 7/10 [#######---]  
        Supplier : Team Lz0              Language : English            
      Protection : Trial                                               
                                                                       
    Requirements : N/A                                                 
   Publisher URL : http://wideanglesoftware.com/touchcopy/             
       Publisher : Wide Angle Software                                 
                                                                       
            ( )  Keyfile / License          ( )  Emulator              
            ( )  Patch                      ( )  Serial                
            (x)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        ( )  Retail                
            ( )  Keygen                     ( )  Trainer               
         ( )  Loader                     ( )  Other              
                                                                   
                                                             
                   1999 - 2009                
                                      
                  
                          
             + I N F O +             
                                                 
                                                                     
     Copy iPod Music, Playlists and other iPod content to your PC      
     or Mac. You can copy any iPod including the iPod Touch,           
     iPhone (2G, 3G and 3G S), iPod Classic, iPod Nano and other       
     iPod models.                                                      
                                                                       
     Transfer iPhone or iPod to iTunes - Music, Playlists,             
     Videos, Podcasts, Audiobooks and iPhone ringtones. TouchCopy      
     will also transfer your Album Art, Ratings, Play Count and        
     other song data.                                                  
                                                                       
     iPod Backup of all your audio/video iPod content at the           
     touch of a button. Backup to your PC or Mac hard disk,            
     external hard drive or into iTunes.                               
                                                                       
     Copy iPod Photos. View and Copy iPod and iPhone Photos to         
     your computer. View and save photos taken on your iPhone.         
                                                                       
     Copy videos shot with your iPod and iPhone camera. Transfer       
     videos to your iTunes library or upload them directly to          
    (PC Version only).                                       
                                                                       
     Copy and manage Notes, Contacts and Calendars on your iPod -      
     all from within TouchCopy.*                                       
                                                                       
     Use your iPhone or iPod Touch like an external hard drive.        
     Store any type of data, move your files between your home         
     and office. Use your iPhone as a backup device. (iPod Touch       
     and iPhone Only )*                                                
                                                                       
     View, Play and Copy Voice Memos recorded on your iPod or          
     iPhone to your PC or Mac.*                                        
                                                                       
     Copy iPod Games back to your iTunes library.*                     
                                                                       
     Search for music on your iPod. The search results can be          
     saved to your computer or transferred into iTunes as a            
     playlist.                                                         
                                                                       
     Play music and video on your iPod through your PC or Mac          
     without having iTunes installed. Use TouchCopy to change          
     your musics rating.                                               
                                                                       
     *Not all features are available for all iPods.                    
                                                                       
                                                                   
                                                               
                                            
                                    
                  
                          
          + I N S T A L L +          
                                                 
                                                                     
     1) Unpack.                                                        
     2) Install.                                                       
     3) Overwrite the original files with the cracked ones.            
     4) Enjoy!                                                         
                                                                       
                                                                   
                                                               
                                            
                                    
                  
                          
             + J O I N +             
                                                 
                                                                     
     When joining Linezer0 you are not just joining a group, but       
     a family. We're a group built on friendship, devotion, respect    
     and of course the continous learning. If you are one of those     
     whom are just here for the glory and releases, then you have      
     found the wrong group. Hard work and dedication is what has       
     brought us to where we are today, and it is that we will          
     demand from you as well.                                          
                                                                       
     CRACKERS                                                          
     To be able to be accepted as a cracker in Linezer0, you will      
     need to have at least 6 months of experience from other groups    
     and have at least 2 people that can vouche for you before we      
     will even concider talking with you.                              
                                                                       
     Open positions:                                                   
        * Keygenner(s) - able to analyse and keygen advanced           
          protection schemes. You will be working with the other       
          keygenners to be able to meet the advanced protections       
          with a joint effort.                                         
        * Dongle cracker(s) - need to have experience in one or        
          more of the following dongles, FlexLM, SentinelLM, HASP,     
          CRYPKEY and/or custom made license managers. We always       
          got big projects that you can undertake, and with the        
          dongle crew you will be working in a joint effort to         
          find sollutions - preferrably complete emulators for         
          the different solutions.                                     
                                                                       
     CODERS                                                            
     You have knowledge regarding protections like ASPACK and          
     ARMADILLO, and are able to code tools that can either analyse     
     those, or even able to unpack them. Further we require that       
     you have at least 4 years of coding experience, and can show us   
     earlier achievements either through system analysis and/or        
     programs you have developed.                                      
                                                                       
     Open positions:                                                   
        * Cracktro programmer - we are looking for an experienced      
          programmer that can develop a complete cracktro and a        
          update system for that particular cracktro. Experience       
          from the demo scene is preferred, but achievements that      
          can show your skills can also be accepted.                   
        * General programmer(s) - you will be recieving projects       
          that will range from everything from updating our            
          existing tools, as well as develop new tools that will       
          be useful for the group.                                     
                                                                       
     SUPPLIERS                                                         
     You work as a engineer or something similar where you got         
     access to the latest software in the CAD/CAM area. Preferrably    
     with experience in the supplied software as testing your own      
     supply would also be required to ensure validity. We are also     
     interrested in people able to supply us software in the           
     GRAPHICS/MUSIC/PROGRAMMING area. One time suppliers are not       
     welcome, a steady base of supplies will be required.              
                                                                       
     SITES                                                             
     If you run a dedicated site, on a 100mbit link, a well            
     supported site that have at least 6 months of up-time and         
     decent affiliation. Then your site might be of interrest to       
     us. Do note that we do NOT accept site offers from the US, DE     
     and AT.                                                           
                                                                       
                                                                   
                                                               
                                            
                                    
                  
                          
            + L E G A L +            
                                                 
                                                                     
     First of all you should know that we do NOT release our cracks    
     so that you "the end-user" can benefit from it in the term of     
     using software or any other of our releases without buying        
     the required licenses. Linezer0 however believe that everyone     
     should have the option to backup their program/game and be        
     able to run it without any problems.                              
                                                                       
     Further we do NOT in any way condone the spreading of our         
     cracks, in other words we do NOT spread the releases to any       
     websites, P2P networks or any other public available location     
     and we urge that our releases should not be spread like that      
     at all.                                                           
                                                                       
     We -Linezer0- has nothing to do with the distribution of these    
     cracks, it is all done by third parties. As such, and             
     according to the laws where the individuals of Linezer0 reside,   
     it is not our responsibility what others desides to do with       
     these releases. However, let it be said quite clearly;            
                                                                       
       "We DO NOT in any way condone the selling or redistribution     
        of our cracks, this was NEVER our intention."                  
                                                                       
     Linezer0 does NOT take any responsibility of computer-loss        
     or any data-errors that may occur from using our cracks.          
     Keep in mind that you are using a third party sollution to        
     something we did not develop in the first place.                  
                                                                       
     Do note that the usage of our cracks are legal in most            
     countries outside the United States, IF and ONLY IF you own a     
     full copy of the program/game - then you may use our cracks       
     for backup purposes, and only that. It remains to be seen how     
     affected you are of the End User License Agreements (EULAs).      
     They can't supersede domestic laws, remember that.                
                                                                       
     According to the "DMCA ACT" in the Unites States, you have no     
     rights to circumvent a copy protection. Beware, they will         
     punish you harder than if you stole the shrinkwrapped software    
     in a mall. Though Linezer0's base of operation does not reside    
     in the Unites States, and thus we are NOT bound to the            
     US legislations like:                                             
                                                                       
        * No Electronic Theft Act                                      
        * Digital Millenium Copyright Act                              
        * The Patriot Act                                              
        * <other US legislations>                                      
                                                                       
     You should ALWAYS buy the software that you do use, or find       
     suitable Open Source replacements (as there are loads), we do!    
                                                                       
              By using our cracks you automatically agree              
      to the written agreement above, and thus the responsibility      
           regarding whetever you are affected by any EULAs is         
                         with YOU and YOU only.                        
                                                                   
                                                               
                                            
                                    
                  
                          
           + G R E E T S +           
                                                 
                                                                     
           HERiTAGE, RAZOR1911, F4CG, EMPHASiS, ZENiTH, MYTH           
             GHOST RiDERS, LEGENDS NEVER DiE, ENFUSiA, BiN             
                    FATiGUED COURiERS NETWORK (FCN)                    
                      CHEMiCAL REACTiON (CRO)                      
                                                               
                                            
                                    
                  
                          
          + C O N T A C T +          
                                                 
                                                                     
                                                                       
     If you want to contact Linezer0 for any reason, then feel         
     free to do so using the email supplied below - requests for       
     cracks, files or anything related to our releases is              
     automatically ignored (using scripts), so by all means, feel      
     free to continue to send them, we won't even recieve them.        
                                                                       
                      EMAIL : linezer0@nerdshack.com                 
                 UPDATED : 7th of January 2006                 
                                                               
                                                          
                                                 
                                              
                           
                                  
                                   
                                          
                        ascii proudly done   
                            by cpN of cRo     
                               in 2oo6