PLEASE SEED YOUR 1:1

IF YOU LIKED IT BUY IT !!!

thank you very much

enjoy !!



Starsky and Hutch (usually written as Starsky & Hutch) is a 1970s US television series that consisted of a 90-minute pilot movie (originally aired as a Movie of the Week entry) and 92 episodes of 60 minutes each; created by William Blinn, produced by Spelling-Goldberg Productions, and broadcast between April 30, 1975 and May 15, 1979 on the ABC network; distributed by Columbia Pictures Television in the United States and, originally, Metromedia Producers Corporation in Canada and some other parts of the world. Sony Pictures Television is now the worldwide distributor for the series.

The protagonists were two Southern California policemen: the dark-haired Brooklyn transplant David Starsky (Paul Michael Glaser) who was a streetwise detective with intense, sometimes childlike moods, and the blond Duluth, Minnesota native Kenneth 'Hutch' Hutchinson (David Soul), a more reserved and intellectual character. Under the radio call sign "Zebra Three", they were known for tearing around the streets of a usually unnamed big city for the fictional "B.C.P.D." (The eventual 2004 feature film addressed this by calling its big-city setting "Bay City." Generally, the TV series was rather obviously filmed in the Los Angeles area. The term "Los Angeles" was rarely said on the show; an exception was on the fourth-season episode "Targets Without a Badge.") The vehicle of choice was Starsky's two-door Ford Gran Torino, which was red with a large white vector stripe. It was nicknamed the "Striped Tomato" by Hutch in the episode "Kill Huggy Bear"; the nickname was subsequently adopted by the fans of the series. However, the term didn't come from the writers - it came from a real-life comment that Glaser made. In a segment titled Starsky & Hutch: Behind The Badge that was featured on the first season DVD collection, Glaser stated that when he was first shown the Torino by Aaron Spelling, he sarcastically said to Soul, "That thing looks like a striped tomato!" Hutch also had a car, a battered tan 1973 Ford Galaxie 500, which occasionally appeared when the duo needed separate vehicles or for undercover work.

Their main underworld contact was the street-wise, jive-talking Huggy Bear (Antonio Fargas), who often dressed extravagantly and ran his own bar named Huggy Bear's, later The Pits. The duo's boss was the gruff, no-nonsense but fair Captain Harold Dobey, played by Bernie Hamilton in the series (gravel-voiced actor Richard Ward in the pilot). Starsky and Hutch was one of the first prime-time dramatic shows to cast black characters in a positive light; with both Captain Dobey, and—despite his walking on the edge of the law—the honest and trustworthy Huggy seen to be positive black role models. Huggy's immense popularity caused Spelling and Goldberg to consider giving Fargas his own series. The second season episode "Huggy Bear and the Turkey" was the test pilot for a proposed spin off with Huggy and his friend, former Sheriff "Turkey" Turquet (Dale Robinette) becoming private investigators; however, it never led to a series. In the episode it was revealed that Huggy's last name is Brown (no clue as to his first name was given).

Two character names came from William Blinn's past: "Starsky" was the name of a high school friend, and "Huggy Bear" was a local disc jockey.

Fans loved the gritty, often violent, plotlines, comic banter, and particularly the close, devoted and enduring friendship between Starsky and Hutch. In stark contrast to police characters on TV up until this time, Starsky and Hutch were open with physical gestures of affection, often declaring that they trusted only each other against the world. In a "blooper tape" made during the show's run that can be found onthe narrator intones that some Hollywood industry types referred to the characters as "French kissing prime-time homos"; Soul verified this statement in a 1999 "cast reunion" interview in the United Kingdom. This parallels a similar claim that was leveled by psychologist Fredric Wertham in his 1954 book Seduction of the Innocent about the relationship between the comic book hero Batman and his sidekick Robin; "male bonding" is the term now used for such relationships. However, during the 1980s some fans, mostly women, started writing and extralegally publishing "slash fiction" stories about the pair and continue to do so in print and on the Internet. [1]

Many fans were attracted not just by the characters, but the quality of writing during the first two seasons (despite the fact that the majority of first season stories were actually existing scripts that were merely adapted to fit the series). The second season episode "Long Walk Down a Short Dirt Road", featured country star Lynn Anderson as a singer being stalked by a deranged person and was based upon a real-life incident involving Dolly Parton. The part was written with Parton in mind, but Anderson wound up playing the role.

In 1977, a rising concern about violence on TV, along with Glaser's concerns about the level of violence in the series, forced the screenplay writers to cut down on violent action scenes and to employ more romantic and socially themed episodes, and play up the "buddy buddy" aspect of the show's leads even more so. At the same time, the lead actors, Glaser in particular, became jaded with the general theme of Starsky and Hutch. These and other factors contributed to the fading popularity of the series.

Glaser indicated several times that he wanted to get out of his contract and leave the series; he even sued to be released from his contract before the start of the third season. It seemed that he would not be returning for filming, so to fill the gap he would have left, the character of Officer Linda Baylor, played by Roz Kelly was created, and a number of alternative scripts featuring the character instead of Starsky were written (whether the shows name would have remained the same is unknown). After being given more control over scripts, opportunities to direct, and a per episode pay raise from $5,000 to $35,000, Glaser was persuaded to continue, and Baylor only ever appeared in one episode (alongside both Starsky and Hutch) in the Play Misty for Me-inspired episode "Fatal Charm".

Glaser again voiced his desires to leave during the fourth season. This time, Starsky's wayward younger brother Nick (John Herzfeld) was introduced in the episode "Starsky's Brother". It was intended that if Glaser was to quit, that the reformed Nick would join the force and fill Glaser's place (this time at least being able to keep the shows title as Starsky & Hutch); Glaser decided to finish out the season. Although a fifth season was planned, it was ultimately Glaser's desire to quit and declining ratings which brought an end to the series. Ironically, as with many leading actors in hit shows over the years (such as Leonard Nimoy in Star Trek, Adam West in Batman, Tom Baker in Doctor Who, etc.), Glaser initially had little regard for his most famous role[2] and wanted to be distanced from it, but in recent years has come to embrace it.

After its prime-time run, Starsky and Hutch was offered in syndication and has been shown on several local and cable networks, including The National Network and WWME-CA in Chicago. Several episodes from the first two seasons can be viewed for free in Minisode and regular format on Crackle.

Much of the show was shot on location in the Los Angeles beach
community of San Pedro. The building that was used as the "Metro Division" headquarters is now San Pedro's City Hall.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starsky_and_Hutch 
http://www.amazon.ca/Starsky-Hutch-Complete-First-Season/dp/B00018D3RI