--PLOT--

FLCL revolves around Naota. His life is interrupted by the arrival of Haruko Haruhara, who bursts on the scene by running Naota over with her Vespa scooter, then giving him CPR and hitting him on the head with a blue vintage Rickenbacker 4001 left-handed reverse strung electric bass guitar.[2][3] Later, Naota is shocked to find Haruko working in his house as a live-in maid.
Since then Giant Robots from Medical Meccanica have been coming out of his head and cause more problems for Naota and Haruko. Haruko is using Naota for her search for the Pirate King, Atomsk, which puts her at odds with Medical Meccanica, the monolithic industrial corporation. At the same time, Naota is being watched by Commander Amarao. The Commander believes Haruko is in love with Atomsk and that Medical Meccanica is out to conquer the galaxy. The combination of circumstances gets Naota involved in a three-way battle between Haruko, Amarao and Medical Meccanica.


-------Characters--------------
Naota Nandaba is the protagonist of the series, obsessed with appearing mature and nonchalant. He idolizes his older brother Tasuku, who represents for Naota what it means to be an "adult". He also has a crush on Haruko but tries never to admit it.
Haruko Haruhara is Mabase's newest resident, an extraterrestrial investigator for the Galactic Space Police Brotherhood. She becomes the Nandaba household maid while working to find Atomsk, the most powerful space pirate in the galaxy. She uses her bass guitar[2] to create an N.O. portal in Naota's head, through which various objects periodically appear, including Medical Meccanica robots and Naota's guitar, among others. Amarao states in episode 4 and episode 6 that Haruko's real name is "Raharu".
Canti is the first robot to emerge from Naota's head. It was manufactured by Medical Meccanica, and had been used by them to capture Atomsk. It is later revealed that Atomsk can manifest through Canti, with Naota being the catalyst.
Mamimi Samejima is a high school truant, and Tasuku's ex-girlfriend. She is a lonely and depressed heavy-smoker. She adopts several pets and names them all "Ta-kun" as a replacement for Naota's brother, she might be a pyromaniac too. She also thinks of Naota as a replacement for Tasuku, but later grows uninterested when Naota exhibits independence.
Eri Ninamori is the daughter of the mayor of Mabase and the president of Naota's sixth grade class. Ninamori is a complex character—like Naota she is obsessed with acting grown-up, but she often loses her composure when angry or excited. Ninamori hides her frustration with her father's sex scandal, and rigs an election for the school play so that she gets the lead role while Naota gets cast opposite her, hinting that she has a crush on him.
Kamon Nandaba, a would-be editor, is Naota's father. Unlike his son, he is clearly outgoing and does what he pleases. Naota often reprimands his father for not acting like an adult.
Shigekuni Nandaba is Naota's grandfather, a retired baker and current manager of Tasuku's former baseball team. He doesn't like Mamimi.
Commander Amarao is a special agent of the Bureau of Interstellar Immigration. He apparently has some past with Haruko and claims to know who or what she really is. Amarao's childhood also seems to mirror Naota's. Amarao's eyebrows are made of seaweed to keep Haruko from using his head as a portal.
Kitsurubami is an agent of Commander Amarao, a healthy young woman who worries about her boss's eyebrows. She is generally repulsed by him, especially by his occasional advances toward her. It can be said throughout the series, she is the only character that can be considered mature by any means.
Tasuku Nandaba is Naota's brother who lives in the United States and plays minor-league baseball -- he is never shown in the anime, except in a flashback (only his silhouette is shown) and in a photo of Tasuku and his "American girlfriend".
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the english dubbed version as requested by a friend of mine ; Andrew Justin Freeman;. I'd give this a  9A / 8V, personally. Feel free to request something from me, or comment on the quality of my work. Flamers welcome as well :)