Monday, February 15, 2010

Happy Presidents Day!  This is one of those holidays where about 80 percent of people traditionally spend the day resenting the 20 percent or so who have it off. If you have today off you either work for the government, or you’ve got a union-negotiated contract. And if Republicans have their way, there will be fewer and fewer of both of those types of people.  That's another reason to vote Democratic--More Holidays!


Presidents’ Day is a confusing holiday in many ways. Right off the bat, do I give it an apostrophe or not? Actually the official holiday is Washington’s Birthday. So if you’re celebrating the presidency of William Howard Taft today, you have no official sanction.  In 1951 and 1968 there were bills to officially rename the holiday as President’s Day, but they failed, so the official name is still Washington’s Birthday. But despite the failure of the name change, everybody calls it Presidents Day. Wow. Back in those days a bill didn’t even have to pass to take effect. Now we need 60 votes. The feeling was that Washington and Lincoln’s birthdays were so close that they should combine them into one holiday. And that didn’t even happen. Poor Lincoln—he’s a victim of bad birthday timing. He’s like a kid who was born the day before Christmas. After the official name-change floundered, the term Presidents Day became popular when advertisers pushed for people to use it. I guess they didn’t want to lose sales from those people who were really, really into Zachary Taylor. Incidentally, George Washington was actually born on February 11th under the old Julian Calendar, which became February 22nd under the new Gregorian calendar. Now his birthday is celebrated on the third Monday in February, which means it can land anywhere between February 15th and 21st—but never on Washington’s actual birthday of February 22nd. Confusing… but then when was anything involving Washington simple? 

Despite the fact that the holiday is officially Washington’s Birthday, the weeklong Congressional recess associated with it is officially called “The President’s Day District Work Period.” Work period? So not only do they call the holiday by the wrong name, they refer to the time off that goes with it as a “work period.” No wonder people have such a dim view of Washington. As namesakes go, this city could do a lot better by the man it was named for. Happy Birthday, George.