Product Description:
CryptoEdit is a full featured word processor for reserved documents, handling TEXT, RTF and RTFD (with images) format.
It saves documents on disk _always_ as Blowfish encrypted and is the ideal solution to manage reserved documents with formatted text and images.
CryptoEdit is absolutely simple, powerful and secure. It allows to edit document as a normal simple word processor which can handle text and images. All the feature available in a modern Cocoa based rich text processor are available in CryptoEdit.
The text can be formatted using rules, different font,style, size, color. All the usual manipulations of fonts are available via menu and dialogs plus custom styles are available. Spelling in your native language. Text search is full implemented.
Insertion of images inside the document with just drag and drop. Import from other documents in standard TEXT or RTF or RTFD (RTF + images) . Export as TEXT, RTF or standard RTFD (included images)
CryptoEdit can also add to every document a public note that everyone can see trying to open the document, this can be used to comunicate a note by the author (if the document is for distribution, as an example, on how to obtain the password) or just a reminder if the document is for internal use only.

Additional info:
Easy and simple
Native for Cocoa, universal binary native on both Intel and PPC, optimized under leopard
Uses a strong Blowfish algorithms
Save always as encrypted, helping you avoid security problems
Full featured RTF editor with rulers, fonts, styles, unlimited number of documents and more...
Inserts images with a simple drag and drop.
Can import from TEXT, RTF and also from RTFD (Rich Text Format + embedded images)
Can export documents as standartd TEXT, RTF, RTFD (images included)
Save as crypted also embedded images
Open and decrypt in a flash
Can genereate secure distributable documents
Can add public notes visible without password for document general information

What's New?
--> Saved document remember position and size
--> Improved stability
--> Bug fix

Installation:
--> Mount dmg & drag app to your applications folder
--> Program is already cracked! No need to register!
--> Don't use "License" menu.
--> Done!

ENJOY!! 
--> IsolatedSoul5591