Out of the Valley is a 1994 album by contemporary folk singer-songwriter John Gorka. This is Gorka's fifth album and unlike the previous four recorded in various places in the northeastern United States, Out of the Valley was recorded at Imagine Sound Studios in Nashville, Tennessee. This is also the first of several Gorka albums to employ the talents of guitarist/producer John Jennings.

Guest vocalists include country music superstars Kathy Mattea and Mary Chapin Carpenter among others. Guest instrumentalists include guitarist Leo Kottke, Fairport Convention drummer Dave Mattacks, and bluegrass virtuosos Jerry Douglas and Tim O'Brien. A notable absence is the voice of Lucy Kaplansky whose background vocals have been a feature of all other Gorka albums.

This is perhaps Gorka's most commercial album and is his only work to have ranked on one of Billboard's charts. It peaked at # 26 on the "Heatseekers" chart. Reactions to the increased level of commercial production in Gorka's folk music were varied. Allmusic states: "...many of the dense musical arrangements do a disservice to his powerful voice."[1] Meanwile a review in Sing Out! reads: "...nowhere does star power take precedence over bringing out the best in these songs. Congratulations are due to both Gorka and to producer John Jennings."[2] The songs are more upbeat than some of Gorka's earlier works and generally better suited to a the more glossy production.[1] Gorka's writing, however, remains strong. Sing Out! states that "Out of the Valley... reveals a mature artist with a keen sense of observation with equal parts humor and compassion."[2] "The Valley" in Gorka's title is a reference to Pennsylvania's Lehigh Valley and as with Gorka's previous albums a number of songs feature stories and characters that are based on Gorka's experiences living in this area that surrounds Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

High Street Records also offered a limited release promotional EP titled Motor Folkin' with alternative mixes of songs from the Out of the Valley recording sessions

All songs written by John Gorka except where noted.

"Good Noise" – 3:05 
"That's Why" – 3:19 
"Carnival Knowledge (Second Hand Face)" – 3:46 
"Talk About Love" – 3:11 
"Big Time Lonesome" – 5:31 
"Furniture" – 4:47 
"Mystery to Me" (Gorka, Bartley) – 3:43 
"Out of the Valley" – 4:48 
"Thoughtless Behavior" – 4:22 
"Always Going Home" – 3:32 
"Flying Red Horse" – 4:14 
"Up Until Then" – 4:48 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed