Titling an album after John Coltrane's masterpiece may well seem the height of pretension, but heck, it never stopped the Replacements from a similar move vis-a-vis the Beatles.
As it is, the title is perfectly justified -- Carr, a Coltrane aficionado among many other things, here finally leads his band from the promising to the truly inspired. With the inventive, groundbreaking Lazarus EP as a touchstone (the title track is included here in an unfortunately abbreviated form), the Boos self-produce themselves to new heights. The genius of the Boos definitely lies in their ability to adapt many a different touch and make it their own, taking what are often straightforward, hooky pop songs and turning them into something more, an ability Giant Steps shows in spades.
The old fuzz blast is here, but less beholden to the likes of My Bloody Valentine, instead drawing on Carr's wide-ranging tastes (Beach Boys, psych-pop, Human League/New Order-inspired arrangements) to reach different, individual conclusions. From the near free-noise wash of "Run My Way Runway" to the soaring pop blast of "Barney (...and Me)," a poignant, nostalgiac lyric backed by a thrilling overall performance, the band does little wrong. Brown and Cjeka effectively incorporate dub/reggae rhythms, as "Lazarus" itself showed they could do, blending in loping, funky skank to "Upon 7th and Fairchild" and the fantastic "Butterfly McQueen." Carr's guitar work is much more distinctly his own throughout the album, with often volcanic, inspired soloing adding a huge, echoed sound to many of the songs.
A number of guest performers help, notably Steve Kitchen on brass; his trumpet and flugelhorn parts and flourishes add jazzy touches throughout, at times reminiscent of Miles Davis' work on Sketches of Spain. (AMG)





01. I Hang Suspended
02. Upon 9th And Fairchild
03. Wish I Was Skinny
04. Leaves And Sand
05. Butterfly McQueen
06. Rodney King (Song For Lenny Bruce)
07. Thinking Of Ways
08. Barney (...And Me)
09. Spun Around
10. If You Want It, Take It
11. Best Lose The Fear
12. Take The Time Around
13. Lazarus
14. One Is For
15. Run My Way Runway
16. I've Lost The Reason
17. The White Noise Revisited



Vocals - Sice
Bass, Keyboards - Tim Brown
Guitar, Keyboards, Backing Vocals - Martin Carr
Drums, Percussion - Rob Cieka
Cello - Lindsay Johnston, Margaret Fiedler (track 13)
Clarinet, Clarinet [Bass] - Jackie Toy

Music By - The Boo Radleys
Songwriter, Lyrics By - Martin Carr
Producer - Boo! Productions Inc.
Engineer - Andy Wilkinson
Mixed By - Anjali Dutt

Label: Creation Records
Released: 1993




Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 5
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)




The credits from discogs.com




Enjoy, Seed and Share