 http://bayimg.com/caaeFAadc

The Attic Expeditions (2001) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118652/

The Attic Expeditions, aka Horror in the Attic, is a 2001 horror movie starring Andras Jones and Seth Green, and featuring Alice Cooper and Ted Raimi. The film has been criticized for being "random", "incoherent", "violently confusing", and lacking any plot whatsoever, at any point. In early 2009, first time director Jeremy Kasten appeared on the cult film podcast Double Feature to explain and defend the film.

  Andras Jones  ...  Trevor Blackburn  
  Seth Green  ...  Douglas  
  Jeffrey Combs  ...  Dr. Ek  
  Wendy Robie  ...  Dr. Thalama  
  Ted Raimi  ...  Dr. Coffee  
  Beth Bates  ...  Faith  
  Shannon Hart Cleary  ...  Amy  
  Alice Cooper  ...  Samuel Leventhal  
  Jerry Hauck  ...  Ronald  
  Brenda James  ...  Nurse  
  Nancy Wolfe  ...  Liz  
  Stephen Donovan  ...  Doctor 1  
  Andrew Ggem  ...  Doctor 2  
  Cutter Cutshaw  ...  Orderly  
  Scott Levy  ...  Orderly 

Trevor Blackburn emerges from a 4-year coma with only two memories intact: a failed occult ritual, which ended in the death of Faith, his fiancee, and some kind of bizarre medical procedure he's endured. He finds himself under the care of creepy Dr. Ek, a man whose odd demeanor can only cloak ulterior motives. When Trevor is sent to convalesce at the House of Love, a halfway house for recovering psychotics, he encounters a collection of truly weird souls. There's beautiful but untouchable Amy, Ronald and his sock puppet Lizzie, and Douglas, whose incoherent ramblings frequently yield lucid insights into Trevor's condition. Shortly after his arrival, Trevor begins to have nightmares. Meanwhile, as the residents of the House of Love are murdered, one by one, Trevor looks like the chief suspect. Nightmare and reality coalesce within Trevor's unraveling psyche, and the atmosphere of mystery thickens- hinting that insanity, or something infinitely worse, waits just beyond the attic door. 

The Attic Expeditions was originally written to be the fourth film in the Witchcraft series. After reading the script, Kasten decided it had far more potential than he saw in the Witchcraft films. Together with the producers, they spent several years alternating between fundraising and filming. The film is notable for being one of Seth Green's early performances in his transition from working as a child actor; Jeffrey Combs (who was attached from very early on) was responsible for bringing Seth and many of the other lead actors to the film. Toward the end of production, a modern rock soundtrack was added at the request of the producers (and against Kasten's wishes) in an attempt to sell a soundtrack. While a soundtrack was never actually released, Blockbuster eventually picked the film up for distribution.

Jeremy Kasten did a fantastic job of directing this surreal, out of the ordinary thriller. You're never quite sure what is real and what isn't, until the end. The dream sequences and the flashbacks are hands down the most interesting segments of this film, giving you a teasing taste of what happened the night of the ceremony, and how he ended up in the sanitarium.

Seth Green in probably the best role he has ever done. He has the most developed character out of all the patients, and he's full of good information and hints for Trevor. It seems that all of the patients have more to tell him other than what he knows, which is hardly anything, just bits and pieces. Jeffrey Combs stirs us up another dandy role in this film. He's on the pursuit of this magical book used in the ceremony of Trevor and his girlfriend. He has everyone in the House of Love under constant observation. Dr. Coffee (Ted Raimi, Skinner, Spider-man) was always intrigued with the work of Dr. Ek, until he gets to see it all first hand on the surveillance monitors in the house and sanitarium.

Seth Green's fee was getting his car detailed

The Attic Expeditions sounds echoes of some better movies: Jacob’s Ladder (in the way that the script offers different possible explanations for the protagonist’s hallucinations, and jerks the viewer back and forth between those theories) and Donnie Darko (in that it seems the director intended to tell a fantastical story that “made sense” on a literal level, but lost control of the story when he took it one paradox too far).  An interesting, confusing, out-of-control picture, it’s as fascinating for its misses as for its hits.  It is recommended to anyone interested in psychological, mindbending horror seasoned with heaping doses of confusion.

