OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO
*** The Joe Blow Conspiracy Show - Gossip, Opinions, History, News
joeblow@umunu.com skype:joeblowman

*** To come on the show, meet us at our Bittorrent tracker/AJAX chat/forum! 
http://www.umunu.com

*** The Conspiracy Central Bittorrent Tracker! 
http://tracker.concen.cc
OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO

More Evidence That “1984 Big Brother” Is Taking Over United States

This torrent contains 3 recent articles, about Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer's new book "Operation Dark Heart", in pdf format.


More Evidence That “1984 Big Brother”
Is Taking Over United States

© 2010 by Linda Moulton Howe



“1984 might have come a bit later than predicted,
but it's here at last. Some day soon, we might wake up
and find we're living in Oceania,” George Orwell's totalitarian
land in his famous book, 1984, where there is no privacy or freedom.”

- Alex Kozinski, Chief Judge, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit



September 14, 2010  Washington, D. C. and San Francisco, California -

“Book Burning” 2010 American Style

On September 9, 2010, Washington Post reporters Peter Finn and Greg Miller reported that the Defense Department wants to buy the entire first printing of 10,000 books entitled Operation Dark Heart scheduled for publication in September 2010 by St. Martin's Press and authored by a former Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) officer, Army reservist Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer. In 2003, Col. Shaffer was serving in Afghanistan when the American Pentagon shifted its attention to Iraq.

The Washington Post reports, “Shaffer, who is now a senior fellow at the Center for Advance Defense Studies in Washington, describes a number of planned covert operations, including an aborted cross-border surveillance operation using sophisticated eavesdropping technology that targeted high-level al-Qaeda operatives based in the tribal areas of Pakistan. The operation was shut down by military officials concerned about offending Pakistan, according to Shaffer's account.

“Shaffer's book was reviewed and cleared in writing by the Army Reserve earlier this year, but this summer the Defense Intelligence Agency objected to the use of the names of American intelligence officers, among other issues. ... The agency then referred the matter to the Office of the Secretary of Defense, which distributed the manuscript to other agencies, presumably including the CIA, ‘all of whom had major objections to things in the book,’ said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.”

The Defense Department pressured St. Martin's Press to revise the book for a second printing that meets the government's demands. Apparently St. Martin's Press has agreed. But the 10,000 books already printed and ready for distribution from a Virginia warehouse are what the Pentagon now wants to buy up and destroy.



In 2010 America, Can Government Get Away
with Destroying An Entire First Printing
of An American Colonel's Book?

Several dozen review copies of the first edition were distributed to media, including The Washington Post. Will the Post persist as a 4th Estate watchdog on a government that continues to act as if it is now immune from the Constitution and increasing citizen alarm that individuals no longer matter in the United States in the face of political and military power? In this 1984-Big-Brother culture, the Pentagon is outraged that the book manuscript was not submitted to the Pentagon first by St. Martin's Press.

The Washington Post also reports that “Shaffer was previously known for alleging before the 9/11 Commission and Congress that a covert Pentagon task force called ‘Able Danger’ had identified Mohamed Atta, the lead hijacker in the Sept. 11 attacks, before the assaults on New York and the Pentagon. Shaffer's claim was later rejected by congressional investigators, among others. But he repeats the assertion in the book.”



U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Allows
Police to Secretly Track Americans with GPS Devices -
Without A Warrant

In August 2010, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco, California, headed by Chief Judge Alex Kozinski, who dissented, ruled that home driveways are still public to mailmen, delivery people, children and strangers and thus, the police have a right, without violating the Fourth Amendment, to secretly place GPS devices on cars in driveways and track those cars - without a warrant.

A former attorney, Time magazine writer and former member of The New York Times editorial board, Adam Cohen, summarized the astounding and scary Ninth Circuit ruling on August 27, 2010, for Common Dreams.org and quoted Chief Judge Kozinski's warning about his own court's dangerous decision:  “1984 might have come a bit later than predicted, but it's here at last. Some day soon, we might wake up and find we're living in Oceania,” George Orwell's totalitarian land in his famous book 1984 where there is no privacy or freedom.

More Information and Websites:

The Washington Post, September 9, 2010, “U.S. wants to buy 1st printing of reservist's memoir”: 
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/09/09/AR2010090907746.html

U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit:    http://www.ca9.uscourts.gov/

CommonDreams.org August 27, 2010, article by Adam Cohen: 
http://www.commondreams.org/headline/2010/08/27-2

Joe Blow recommends these websites: 
   
http://www.concen.cc   
http://www.umunu.com    
http://www.theinfounderground.com    
http://www.iamthewitness.com    
http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com

Send tips to joeblow@umunu.com or call skype:joeblowman	