Creedence Clearwater Revival - Platinum (2004)
Mp3
CBR 320
Front Cover Art




At a time when rock was evolving further and further away from the forces that had made the music possible in the first place, Creedence Clearwater Revival brought things back to their roots with their concise synthesis of rockabilly, swamp pop, R&B, and country. Though CCR was very much a group in their tight, punchy arrangements, their vision was very much singer, songwriter, guitarist, and leader John Fogerty's. Fogerty's classic compositions for Creedence both evoked enduring images of Americana and reflected burning social issues of the day. The band's genius was their ability to accomplish this with the economic, primal power of a classic rockabilly ensemble.

The key elements of Creedence had been woodshedding in bar bands for about a decade before their breakthrough to national success in the late '60s. John's older brother Tom formed the Blue Velvets in the late '50s in El Cerrito, CA, a tiny suburb across the bay from San Francisco. By the mid-'60s, with a few hopelessly obscure recordings under their belt, they'd signed to Fantasy, releasing several singles as the Golliwogs that went nowhere. In fact, there's little promise to be found on those early efforts, primarily because Tom, not John, was doing most of the singing. The group only found themselves when John took firm reigns over the band's direction, singing and writing virtually all of their material. 


Here are two CDs containing 40 tracks -- all of Creedence Clearwater Revival's singles along with album cuts -- selected and sequenced by European rock journalist Lennart Persson, an intimate of John Fogerty. The big pluses are that these tracks are the remastered versions (in 24 bit), the sequencing is unique and provocative, and the music itself, as you already know if you are reading this, is killer. This is arguably a better issue than the American Chronicle series because of the new dimension added by not placing tracks chronologically. 


Disc 1

1. Green River 	
2. Fortunate Son 	
3. Up Around the Bend 	
4. Bad Moon Rising 	
5. Porterville 	
6. Penthouse Pauper 	
7. Someday Never Comes 	
8. Long As I Can See the Light 	
9. Hey Tonight 	
10.Ramble Tamble 	
11.I Put a Spell on You 	
12.It Came Out of the Sky 	
13.Who'll Stop the Rain 	
14.Wrote a Song for Everyone 	
15.I Heard It Through the Grapevine	
16.Feelin' Blue 	
17.Don't Look Now 	
18.Molina 	
19.Sweet Hitch-Hiker 	
20.Proud Mary 

Disc 2

1. Run Through the Jungle 	
2. Commotion 	
3. Travelin' Band 	
4. Walk On the Water 	
5. Pagan Baby 	
6. Good Golly Miss Molly 
7. Have You Ever Seen the Rain? 	
8. Susie Q 
9. Lodi 	
10.Down on the Corner 	
11.(Wish I Could) Hideaway 	
12.Born on the Bayou 	
13.Before You Accuse Me 	
14.Cross-Tie Walker 	
15.Cotton Fields 
16.Lookin' for a Reason 	
17.The Working Man 	
18.Lookin' Out My Back Door 	
19.The Midnight Special 
20.The Night Time Is the Right Time 


Enjoy!