Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Emergency" is a song by American rock band Paramore. It was released on October 21, 2006 as the first single from their debut album, All We Know Is Falling. It was released on 7" vinyl in the United Kingdom on August 26, 2006 and contained the B-side "Oh, Star," and a poster of the band. The song was written by Hayley Williams and Josh Farro. It failed to chart in the United States, however, it was released in Kerrang!s "Class of '06" compilation CD, calling it one of the best rock tracks of that year.

The music video was directed by Shane Drake, who also directed the video for their previous single, "Pressure." The video begins with Hayley Williams and Jeremy Davis sitting in a derelict room, and appear to have cuts among their skin. The other band members walk into the room with cuts and bandages among their bodies as well. The director soon walks into the room and throws Williams a carnation, then signals them to follow him outside of the building. He leads them to a set with cameras and lights, where the band perform the rest of the song.

According to Williams, the carnations worn by each band member in the video represent "emotional baggage." The dress and shirt worn by Williams and Josh Farro are featured in the Rock N' Roll Hall of Fame in the Warped Tour exhibit. 

The song is about the fact that love is taken for granted, and how most relationships are in emergency status. It is also about Williams' witnessing her parents' argument and failing marriage as a child. During an interview with the February 2008 edition of Alternative Press, Williams said,
“ 	"I remember actually walking out the door with my mom that night and standing in between my parents and screaming "Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!"

All We Know Is Falling is the debut album by American alternative rock band Paramore. The album reached #8 on the UK Rock Chart. In the USA, it reached #30 on the Billboard's Heatseekers Chart but failed to chart on the Billboard 200.

According to Paramore's A&R at Atlantic Records, Steve Robertson, instead of giving the debut album a major radio promotional push, he believed the band should start small and slowly build through word of mouth. In his words, Robertson "wanted kids to discover the band without it being shoved down their throats."

As stated by singer Hayley Williams, the shadow on the sofa on the album art is meant to represent current bassist Jeremy Davis leaving the band. Davis temporarily left the band shortly after arriving in Orlando, Florida to record the album. Davis stated that he immediately regretted leaving and was overjoyed when the band asked him back shortly after the album's release. His departure had a large impact on the band, inspiring the song "All We Know", and thus the title of the album, "All We Know Is Falling." As of April 2009, the album has managed to sell 405,110 copies in the United States, though prior to Riot! being released the album had only sold 50,000 copies. On May 26, 2009, a deluxe edition of the album was released exclusively on iTunes with 2 live tracks and 3 music videos.

In September 2005, a special Japanese release containing the previously unreleased "Oh, Star" was made available.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/