DONT FORGET TO SEED - CMON ITS NOT EVEN 1 GB ;)         

              
             Serious Sam HD: The First Encounter (c) Devolver Digital
    
             11/2009 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: None now xD
                1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action
   
                   Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                    ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß


  The classic arcade FPS Serious Sam: The First Encounter is reborn in glorious
  high-definition for legions of long-time fans and a whole new generation of
  gamers around the world. Featuring dazzling visuals and revamped design,
  gamers take control of the legendary Sam AKA Sam Serious Stone as he is sent back through time to ancient Egypt to battle the overwhelming forces of Notorious
  Mental and the Sirian army. 

  Features:
 
 * Serious Engine 3 - Beautifully rendered, high-resolution visuals and lushly
    redesigned environments to create the most astonishing Serious Sam game ever
  
 * Frantic Non-Stop Action - From the charging Sirian Werebull to the screaming
    Headless Kamikaze and the multi-story Ugh-Zan, all of the infamous minions
    of Mental have been spectacularly redesigned for Serious Sam HD
 
 * Great Arsenal - Wield demon-stopping revolvers, lead-spewing miniguns, and
    monstrous cannons for when you absolutely, positively, have to kill every
    enemy in sight
 
 * Over 14 Levels of Bedlam - Set against the expansive backdrop of ancient
    Egypt with every square inch upgraded and reworked to create one of the
    most visually stunning game experiences


             ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
             ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß

  Instructions:
  
1. Open Folder.
  
2. Press SamHD shortcut.
  
3. Play the game.
 
4. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


                                     HAVE FUN 

