----------------------------------------------------------------------
       God Loves You My Muslim Friend - Former Muslim Ergun Caner Testimony:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Type.................: Interwiev / Audio Book + bonus videos (52min)
Year.................: 2009
File Format..........: WMA
Audio................: WMA / English
Audio Bitrate........: 128kbps 
Genre................: Audio Book
Duration.............: 24mins + bonus videos (52min)


Description..........: 
God Loves You My Muslim Friend - Former Muslim Ergun Caner Testimony:
 

About The Audio / Video:

His Life Before Jesus Came In:

He was born in about 1960. He grew up a devout Muslim in a devout Muslim family 
in Ohio, USA. He wore his Muslim attire to school and kept a prayer rug in his locker. 
He was proud of his religion. Caner notes, "Every Muslim child learns about the scales. 
The scales are terrifying. The Koran says if your scales are heavy, you will live 
in paradise; but if your scales are light, you will find perdition. You have to 
be 51% righteous to get to paradise." The balance scales compare the good deeds 
to the bad deeds. So, Caner lived by the 5 pillars of Islam.

"But, there was this one kid...an obnoxious, wouldn't-take-'no'-for-an-answer 
kid...who kept inviting me to things at his church. Sunday school, youth retreats, 
lock-ins, everything. He wouldn't leave me alone. Finally, he wore me down." 
Finally he went to the boy's church, & they loved him. The ridicule he expected was absent. 
After hearing the pastor explain the purpose of Christ's crucifixion and resurrection, 
he accepted Jesus as his Savior.

There is only one way...in view of the above balance scales...of eternal 
assurance of paradise according to Islam: to die a martyr! "The 19 men who 
executed the 9/11 attacks on the USA weren't great Muslims...they were 
desperate Muslims." It had come to Caner clearly: "I realized Jesus strapped 
Himself to the cross so I didn't have to strap myself to a bomb."

His Life Since Jesus Came In:

Caner's father disowned him when he told him about his new faith in Christ. 
That was the last time he saw his father for 17 years! Harsh? Caner notes, 
"It's not that bad. The Koran says, 'If anyone changes his Islamic religion, 
kill him.' In 38 countries around the world, that is exactly what happens. 
But my father didn't kill me; he just disowned me." That church and its members became his family.

Eventually, both of his brothers, his mother, and his grandmother came to faith 
in Jesus (his dad died a Muslim). He became professor of theology and church 
history at Liberty University. Ergun Caner is the President of Liberty 
Theological Seminary at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia. 
When Caner was named to the position in 2005, he became the first former 
Muslim to become the leader of an evangelical seminary.

As an aside to this testimony, you might be interested in Muslims 
for Jesus and a note about the extreme objection of Muslims to 
the truth that Jesus was crucified on the cross



Dios te ama Mi amigo musulmán - Ex musulmán Ergün Caner Testimonio


Acerca de este testimonio:

His Life Before Jesus Came In: Su vida antes de Jesús se produjo en:

He was born in about 1960. Había nacido en aproximadamente 1960. He grew up a 
devout Muslim in a devout Muslim family in Ohio, USA. Se crió en un musulmán 
devoto una devota familia musulmana en Ohio, EE.UU.. He wore his Muslim attire 
to school and kept a prayer rug in his locker. Él vestía su atuendo musulmán a la 
escuela y mantener una alfombra de oración en su casillero. He was proud of his 
religion. Estaba orgulloso de su religión. Caner notes, "Every Muslim child 
learns about the scales. The scales are terrifying. The Koran says if your 
scales are heavy, you will live in paradise; but if your scales are light, 
you will find perdition. You have to be 51% righteous to get to paradise." 
Caner señala: "Todo niño musulmán aprende sobre las escalas. Las escalas son 
aterradoras. El Corán dice que si tu escalas son pesados, va a vivir en el paraíso, 
pero si sus escalas son la luz, se encuentra la perdición. Tiene que ser el 
51% justos para llegar al paraíso. " The balance scales compare the good 
deeds to the bad deeds. El saldo de la balanza comparar buenas obras a las 
malas obras. So, Caner lived by the 5 pillars of Islam. Por lo tanto, 
Caner vivida por los 5 pilares del Islam.

"But, there was this one kid...an obnoxious, wouldn't-take-'no'-for-an-answer 
kid...who kept inviting me to things at his church. Sunday school, youth retreats, 
lock-ins, everything. He wouldn't leave me alone. Finally, he wore me down." 
"Pero, no fue este un niño ... un odioso, wouldn't lleva'no' por un chico ...
-respuesta que mantienen invitado a las cosas en su iglesia. Escuela dominical, 
retiros de jóvenes, de bloqueo complementos, de todo. Él no me dejen solo. Por último, 
me llevaba ". Finally he went to the boy's church, & they loved him. Por último, 
el muchacho fue a la iglesia, y que lo amó. The ridicule he expected was absent. 
El ridículo que esperaba estaba ausente. After hearing the pastor explain the 
purpose of Christ's crucifixion and resurrection, he accepted Jesus as his Savior. 
Después de escuchar el pastor explicar el propósito de la crucifixión de Cristo y 
la resurrección, acepta a Jesús como su salvador.

There is only one way...in view of the above balance scales...of eternal assurance 
of paradise according to Islam: to die a martyr! Sólo hay una manera ... en vista de 
lo anterior equilibrio de las escalas ... paraíso eterno testimonio de acuerdo con el 
Islam: la muerte de un mártir! "The 19 men who executed the 9/11 attacks on the USA 
weren't great Muslims...they were desperate Muslims." "Los 19 hombres que 
jecutó el 9 / 11 ataques en los EE.UU. no eran grandes eran musulmanes ... 
desesperada musulmanes". It had come to Caner clearly: "I realized Jesus 
strapped Himself to the cross so I didn't have to strap myself to a bomb. " 
Se había llegado a Caner claramente: "Me di cuenta de Jesús atado a sí 
mismo en la cruz, así que no tenía a mi correa de una bomba".

His Life Since Jesus Came In: Desde su vida de Jesús se produjo en:

Caner's father disowned him when he told him about his new faith in Christ. 
Caner repudiado el padre de él cuando le dijo acerca de su nueva fe en Cristo. 
That was the last time he saw his father for 17 years! Esa fue la última 
vez que vio a su padre durante 17 años! Harsh? Duras? Caner notes, 
"It's not that bad. The Koran says, 'If anyone changes his Islamic religion, 
kill him.' Caner señala, "No es tan malo. El Corán dice, 'Si alguien 
cambia de religión islámica, mátalo". In 38 countries around the world, 
that is exactly what happens. But my father didn't kill me; he just disowned me." 
En 38 países de todo el mundo, que es exactamente lo que pasa. Pero mi 
padre no me mates, que acaba de renegado de mí. " That church and its 
members became his family. Que la iglesia y sus miembros se convirtieron 
en su familia.

Eventually, both of his brothers, his mother, and his grandmother came to 
faith in Jesus (his dad died a Muslim). Finalmente, tanto de sus hermanos, 
su madre, su abuela y llegó a la fe en Jesús (su padre murió un musulmán). 
He became professor of theology and church history at Liberty University . 
Se convirtió en profesor de teología y la historia de la Iglesia en la 
Universidad de la Libertad. Ergun Caner is the President of Liberty 
Theological Seminary at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia. 
Ergün Caner es el presidente del Seminario Teológico de la Libertad 
en Liberty University en Lynchburg, Virginia. When Caner was named 
to the position in 2005, he became the first former Muslim to become 
the leader of an evangelical seminary. Caner cuando fue nombrado para 
el cargo en 2005, se convirtió en el primer ex musulmán para 
convertirse en el líder de un seminario evangélico.

As an aside to this testimony, you might be interested in 
Muslims for Jesus and a note about the extreme objection of 
Muslims to the truth that Jesus was crucified on the cross 
Como acotación al margen de este testimonio, usted pudiera 
estar interesado en los musulmanes de Jesús y una nota 
acerca de la extrema oposición de los musulmanes a la 
verdad que Jesús fue crucificado en la cruz 		