File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Bottle Pop" was scheduled to be the third worldwide single release from the Pussycat Dolls' second studio album Doll Domination. The album version features rapper Snoop Dogg who collaborated with the Dolls on their worldwide hit single "Buttons", whereas the single release comes without Snoop Dogg's contribution. The single's release has been confirmed by group members Melody Thornton and Kimberly Wyatt at the 2008 Kiss FM Jingle Ball.

The music video was directed by Thomas Kloss and shot in January 2009. It premiered on January 31 on RAGE. The single version differs from the album version in that Snoop Dogg's vocals were replaced with a rift from Scherzinger.

The video was added February 10, 2009 to the iTunes store for download, and has reached the Top 5 on iTunes in the US, Australia, New Zealand, and France.

The video features the dolls breaking into a theatre and performing the songs choreography on the stage before a doll-themed backdrop. The male dancers that accompanied the dolls on tour appear toward the end of the video, performing a dance break with them.

Initially, the song was supposed to be released as the third worldwide single. However, "I Hate This Part" gained significant airplay in US at the time and succeeded "Bottle Pop" as the third single for America. "Bottle Pop" was released later than expected, on March 6, but only in Australia and New Zealand. It was not released in the UK as single "Whatcha Think About That" gained unexpected airplay there. The delayed single was then scheduled for release in April 2009 as the fourth release for the UK and US (third elsewhere) but was once again delayed due to The Dolls deciding to re-release their album as Doll Domination 2.0. As promotion for the album "Jai Ho! (You Are My Destiny)" was released instead as the lead single for the re-issue. The single's worldwide release has since been cancelled.

Nicole Scherzinger sings the lead as well as backing vocals.

Even though "Bottle Pop" was not officially released, the song debuted at #88 on the Canadian Hot 100 the week that Doll Domination was released. Furthermore, without an official release it became a huge club hit in the US, becoming the fifth single from the Dolls to reach #1 on Billboard's Hot Dance Club Play. It has also reached #17 on Global Dance Tracks.

The song was performed at Kiss FM's Jingle Ball and 2008's Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest.

Rising New Zealand rapper Devolo provides an Australasian remix version of this song.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

