Xilisoft HD Video Converter
 
http://i71.photobucket.com/albums/i122/Slickinator2006/hd.jpg

High HD video converting speed and rich formats top
Excellent quality, abundant formats and fast HD video conversion
HD converter

    * Support multi-core CPU
      With auto detection of multi-core CPU, Xilisoft HD Video Converter will distribute tasks on multi-core automatically to get high video conversion speed.
    * The widest range of formats support
      Support HD videos like AVCHD (mts, m2ts), MKV, HD ASF, HD AVI, H.264/AVC, HD Quick Time, HD MPEG-4, and HD WMV, and general videos and audios like AVI, MPEG, WMV, MP4, 3GP, FLV, RM, MOV, MP3, WMA and AAC.

AVI to HD converter
Conversion between picture and video top
Share your treasure photo and video with friends and family
High definition Video Convert

    * Picture collection
      Xilisoft HD Video Converter can easily convert batches of pictures like JPG, GIF, BMP and PNG to videos and play like a slide without more clicks and you can set the time that the frame delays.
    * Video-to-picture conversion
      To get wonderful Hollywood movie scenes, the HD converter can capture pictures from videos by setting duration and capture interval, and save them as JPG, GIF, BMP, PNG files.

Convert HD video
Flexible settings to simplify your HD video conversion top
More specific and professional parameters for settings
HD convert

    * Legible format system
      All formats have been classified by device for quick search and the HD converter assembles HD video formats in a group for you to choose conveniently.
    * Custom parameters of profile
      Diverse parameters for video, audio and picture profiles are classied for easy navigation and can be easily and freely customized for both novices and advanced users. You can save the profile whose parameters have been customized for future use.
    * Several formats for one file
      With Xilisoft HD Video Converter, you can add many profiles in multiple formats to one source for simultaneous output. It's fast and convenient to get kinds of profiles at one time.
    * Adjustable file size
      Xilisoft HD Video Converter supports converting video with any file size you need by entering the value of the file size in the Bitrate Calculator.
    * Convert any segment and split file
      Any segment of one video can be converted by setting start time and duration. Or split file into several files by customizing file size or split time with Xilisoft HD Video Converter.

HD video converter
Run the HD converter in background top
Have a wonderful experience on fast and effective conversion
HD convert

    * Run the HD converter in background
      Xilisoft HD Video Converter supports running the HD converter in the background to save more time and space.
    * After done actions
      Automatically shutdown action among several after done actions: exit, hibernate and standby lets you just sit and have a cup of coffee.
    * Multithreading and batch conversion
      The MTS/M2TS/TS video converter supports multithreading and batch file conversion to convert multiple files at one time to cut back on the conversion time.
    * Preview and snapshot
      Offers you a built-in player (which is resizable and can be used as a stand-alone player with 4:3 and 16:9 zoom modes) to preview videos and take a snapshot of your desired movie scenes and save them as picture files.
    * Power Management
      Allows you to manage your system power in this HD video converter.
    * Several languages
      Support multiple languages: German, Chinese, English, Japanese, French and Spanish.
 
http://www.xilisoft.com/hd-video-converter.html

Installation Info:

Copy the imfc0.dll file to the install folder 

C:\Program Files\Xilisoft\HD Video Converter 6

and copy over the other one in there.
(make sure program is off )


Then start the program

and go to help and to enter licence code

and enter any name and code (anything will work )

Enjoy from Slickinator



