The Hollies - Evolution (1967)
Mp3
CBR 320
Front 600x660 Hi-Res Cover


Biography by Richie Unterberger allmusic.com

One of the best and most commercially successful pop/rock acts of the British Invasion, when the Hollies began recording in 1963, they relied heavily upon the R&B/early rock & roll covers that provided the staple diet for countless British bands of the time. They quickly developed a more distinctive style of three-part harmonies (heavily influenced by the Everly Brothers), ringing guitars, and hook-happy material, penned by both outside writers (especially Graham Gouldman) and themselves, eventually composing most of their repertoire on their own. The best early Hollies records evoke an infectious, melodic cheer similar to that of the early Beatles, although the Hollies were neither in their class (not an insult: nobody else was) nor demonstrated a similar capacity for artistic growth. They tried, though, easing into somewhat more sophisticated folk-rock and mildly psychedelic sounds as the decade wore on, especially on their albums (which contain quite a few overlooked highlights). 


Review by Lindsay Planer allmusic.com

For many Hollies enthusiasts, Evolution (1967) is considered the band's most accessible blend of pop and psychedelia. The quintet were headed into musical territories beyond simply "moon-June-bloom" and boy-meets-girl lyrics coupled with the tightly constructed vocal harmonies that had become their calling card. Nowhere is this more evident than in the tripped-out cover art from Dutch multimedia artists Seemon Kooer, Marijke Kooer, Josje Leeger, and Barry Finch -- known collectively as Fool. There are clear indications of new horizons on cuts such as the modish "You Need Love," the arguably passé distorted electric guitar on "Have You Ever Loved Somebody," and the wailing fretwork on the driving freakbeat rocker "Then the Heartaches Begin." Graham Nash (guitar/vocals), Allan Clarke (guitar/vocals), Tony Hick(guitar/banjo/dulcimer/vocals), Bobby Elliott (drums), and new recruit Bernie Calvert (bass/vocals) -- who replaced original member Eric Haydock in the spring of 1966 -- were also taking different approaches in their writing and arranging, as heard on the trippy "Heading for a Fall." On this tune, most prominent is the unusual six-eight time signature, coupled with Hicks' inversion of the unmistakable banjo, which is similar to the sound he conjured up on the hit "Stop, Stop, Stop." However, somewhat more atypical of the Nash-era band are the light and limber acoustic and uptempo "Stop Right There," or the baroque "Ye Olde Toffee Shoppe."

Album Profile

Like its predecessor, For Certain Because, this album features only songs written by group members Allan Clarke, Graham Nash, and Tony Hicks. None of the songs on the album were selected for single or EP release in the UK.The album cover artwork was created by The Fool, with the psychedelic cover photo by Karl Ferris, who is credited with creating the first truly psychedelic photograph for an album cover. The cover shown is the Sundazed 1998 rerelease, which differs from the original by having a small black rectanglular Sundazed logo present in the lower right.[2] In 1978, Parlophone reissued the stereo version of Evolution, along with Butterfly and Confessions of the Mind.The song "Have You Ever Loved Somebody?" was released earlier (in September 1966) both by The Searchers and Paul and Barry Ryan as single a-sides.

US version vs. UK version

Evolution was also the Hollies debut album for their new U.S. label, Epic Records. But, like many American issues of British albums, this was remixed using heavy echo and reverb. In addition, three songs were left off the album (with "Carrie Anne" added), thus making the U.S. version somewhat less desirable than its British counterpart.Many Hollies fans regard the UK stereo version of Evolution (or the 1997 EMI UK CD containing both mono and stereo mixes) as superior.


UK Track Listings:

Side 1

1.Then The Heartaches Begin 2:39
2.Stop Right There 2:22 	
3.Water On The Brain 2:18
4.Lullaby To Tim 2:58	
5.Have You Ever Loved Somebody 2:53
6.You Need Love 2:27

Side 2 	

1.Rain On The Window 3:08
2.Heading For A Fall 2:13	
3.Ye Olde Toffee Shoppe 2:15	
4.When Your Light's Turned On 2:32
5.Leave Me 2:13
6.The Games We Play 2:45


Enjoy!
