 New version of enterprise solutions for messaging and collaboration raboty.Exchange 2010 opens a new generation of Unified Communications software Microsoft. He is the first server designed to be the work of both the customer premises, as well as hosted services. This product raises the bar for quality with new features archival and innovation for end users, which can help companies save money and staff - time.

Title: Microsoft Exchange Server 2010
Released: 2009
Developer: Microsoft
Language: English / Russian, etc.

Reduced cost of ownership through more flexible deployment and management functions.
Exchange 2010 provides organizations with enterprise-level opportunities regardless of whether the deployment at the customer premises, as provided by Microsoft or a partner of Accommodation Services, or their combination.
In addition, customers deploying Exchange 2010, a new product makes it easier to ensure continuity of communication and data recovery, thereby reducing the time costs of administrators to manage the system. Exchange 2010 also improves performance when running on low-cost storage systems with direct connections, enabling organizations to reduce storage costs up to 85% without compromising performance or reliability.
Data protection and ensuring compliance through a new e-mail archive.
As the volume of correspondence, companies are forced to devote more time for compliance with internal regulations, legal requirements, as well as the search for electronic documents. However, to date, according to Osterman Research, only 28% of organizations archive the mail. Exchange 2010 allows you to easily create integrated e-mail archives. The new solution provides organizations greater ease of storage and retrieval of email using the familiar and have already used the software Exchange.
Increase user productivity when using a single complete solution.
Basex Inc. recently estimated that by 2010 the average number of workers with communications to the employee on the day, exceed 93. In addition, the business loses up to U.S. $ 650 million a year because of unnecessary delays, including those associated with the post. Exchange 2010 in conjunction with Microsoft Outlook 2010 provides greater control over the sent information

Main changes:

Flexibility and reliability:
Exchange lets you choose between the deployment of Exchange Server 2010 on its own territory, connecting to a hosted service or a combination thereof. Commitment to the Microsoft approach of "software plus service" gives you the opportunity at its own discretion to take advantage of any of the options, without interrupting the user experience and interface without changing their interaction with the system.
Exchange 2010 makes it easy to ensure high availability and disaster recovery, which in combination with additional tools for database maintenance will allow you to reach new levels of reliability and simplify support for business continuity. Based on previous achievements in the technology of continuous replication in Exchange 2007, new capabilities help:
eliminate the need for the deployment of complex cluster of expensive software and tools to replicate data when using third-party Exchange;
automate the replication of the mailbox database and failover with just two servers or between remote data centers;
ensure availability and rapid recovery of up to 16 replicas of databases managed mailboxes Exchange;
reduce user downtime during a move mailboxes between mail servers, which makes it possible to perform the migration and maintenance of the chosen schedule, even during working hours;
prevent loss of email due to upgrades or disruptions Transport server with the new built-in redundancy designed to redirect the flow of mail to the other available routes.
Reducing the burden on customer support and users - the main way to achieve greater efficiency and reduce costs. These targeted investments in new means of self-designed in order to enable users to perform their usual tasks, without contacting customer support. This feature allows you to:
allow users to update their contact information and track the delivery of e-mail messages without help from IT specialists;
used for tasks such user-friendly web interface;
use a new model for access control based on roles in Exchange to perform the designated users to specific tasks, such as the provision responsible for information security capabilities of the retrieval of data in multiple mailboxes at the same time without the need to provide them with administrative privileges Exchange.

Ubiquitous access:
Improvements in the latest issue of Exchange provides employees with access to all means of interaction through a single point of entry, thereby facilitating their work with colleagues and business partners. These improvements include:
provide users with a full-featured Outlook interface on a desktop computer, the Internet and on mobile device, with support for OWA to even larger numbers of browsers, including Apple Safari and Mozilla Firefox;
providing a single point of access to e-mail, voice mail, instant messaging and text messaging, providing users the ability to choose the best method of interaction, wherever they are located;
add native support for virtually any mobile device, including a fully functional interface in Windows Mobile, using Exchange ActiveSync;
opportunity to exchange information on employment with foreign business partners for quick and efficient scheduling with the choice of level of detail of data exchange.
Exchange Server 2010 provides new tools for improving productivity, which helps users organize and prioritize messages in their inboxes. Users receive
following features:
Enhanced mode viewing messages, easy to move the mailbox using the automatic sequencing conversations in a natural dialogue between the interacting parties;
tips to inform users, before they press the submit button, the message about the features, which can lead to failure to deliver or to send spam, for example, sending sensitive information to external recipients, and to avoid overflow the mailbox, unnecessary actions and messages in support.
With Exchange 2010 you can replace the traditional voice mail system to a universal solution, integrated with a communications platform. This new system allows users to receive voice mail messages in your mailbox and manage them as ordinary e-mail using familiar tools such as Outlook and Outlook Web Access. You will receive benefits through cost-unification and the replacement of voice mail systems, as well as providing users the following options:
decoding of voice mail messages as text, dayuschayaobespechivayuschaya possibility of quick sort messages without playing the audio file;
opportunities for auto Personalized voice mail;
means of establishing the rules of answering calls and routing to individuals or groups on the basis of the ID and contact information of the caller to ensure that every incoming call will be serviced as the user wants;
full-featured telephone access to the mailbox, including email, calendar and contacts, nearly 30 languages, using Outlook Voice Access.

Information Security and Compliance:
Exchange 2010 provides a new built-in email archiving and compliance regulations, including a detailed sebyaya simultaneously search multiple mailboxes, and collection of legally significant information. It focuses on the simplification of regulatory requirements and internal investigations. With built-in email archiving is no need to acquire additional funds to ensure compliance with regulations. Combining these capabilities with a flexible storage architecture Exchange, you can control the corporate information and also provide users with a standardized interface that does not violate the usual method of daily work with the mailboxes. With these new features, you can:
get rid of bulky data files Outlook (PST), replacing them with new built-in backup without changing the principles of the users;
simplify the classification of e-mail with the new centrally-defined retention policies, which can be applied to individual e-mail messages or folders;
perform a simultaneous search for data in multiple mailboxes with the easy-to-use Web interface or management role-based access that allows employees to the personnel department or responsible for information security to carry out targeted searches.
In Exchange 2010 extended support rights management for data access, simplifying the confidentiality of user interaction throughout the organization using different devices and PCs, as well as in contacts with business partners. Users can:
view and be protected by rights management technology for communication in Outlook, Outlook Web Access and mobile phone;
protect the message going to the Internet (for example, send a business partner), by encrypting them with one click.

System requirements:
-OS: Windows Server 2008 x64
-CPU: 2 GHz 
-VIDEO: --
-RAM: 2 GB 
-SOUND: --
-HDD: 40 GB 

folder! Docs Book Exchange 2010 Unleashed and slides in Russian ...

Installation:
1. Mount image.
2. Run setup.exe.