REKINDLING THE REFORMATION

Rekindling the Reformation is an 11-part series of inspiring and relevant multimedia presentations on the pivotal issues of the Reformation and how they relate to present day. Dr. Walter Veith clarifies the disputes that led to the horrific and bloody persecutions of the Dark Ages and demonstrates the urgency of understanding the same principles that are still under attack today. 

Millions of faithful servants died for pivotal truths found in the Word of God, such as the identity of the Antichrist and salvation by grace alone. Their sacrifice succeeded in subduing an empire and making freedom of religion and thought possible. But, their success was short-lived. 

Through the centuries since the Reformation, we have lost the beliefs the reformers stood for. We have allowed God’s truth to be mixed with error. Today, we reap the repercussions of our lethargic neglect. The Roman Empire’s wound is healed, and politicians and heads of state follow without reluctance. 

This series is not a history lesson. It is a call to rekindle the principles of the Reformation and to re-examine the fundamental truths upon which the Reformers such as Calvin, Luther, and Zwingli stood. 

Dr. Veith presents clear insight into the underlying objectives of today’s political, economic, and religious maneuverings. He explains why we may have to fight the battle of the Reformation all over again. 

Will you know the issues and understand the enemies’ tactics enough to resist error? This series will help equip you. 


This is the first of eleven DVD's in the series;

931: The Twin Pillars Of The Reformation:

Two pillars of the Reformation—the first is Sola Gracia, Sola Christos, and Sola Scriptura—Grace alone, Christ alone, the Bible alone. But few know the other pillar of the Reformation—the identity of the Antichrist. The reformers are unanimous on the identity of this power described and defined in Daniel. You will not find one reformer that did not identify the little horn power of Bible prophecy as the Holy Roman Empire which persecuted God’s Word and His people and magnified itself against Christ. Has Rome changed or is it still operating as a power that demotes Christ’s rightful place and sets itself up in the place of God? Watch this DVD and find out how the Reformation’s founding principles are still as applicable today as they were then.
