ANIMATION
9 2009 DVDrip


VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 01:19:14
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Elijah Wood
John C. Reilly
Jennifer Connelly
Christopher Plummer
Crispin Glover
Martin Landau
Fred Tatasciore

Plot

The movie begins with the scientist creating a little mechanical humanoid rag doll (9) as it tells how humanity, in its blind pursuit of science and technology, went to its doom. He finally gives life to the doll with a talisman and then, he dies,and then is resurrected in soul by spirit.

9 awakes, unable to speak. He takes the talisman, depositing it on the opening of his body under the closure. He opens the windows and sees a terrifying post-apocalyptic world, and someone walking. He leaves the building to see who it is. Outside, he sees several human corpses. 9 hears someone close, and then he meets 2, another stitchpunk created by the scientist, who inserts a speaking device in 9 and becomes his friend. 2 tells 9 that there are others like themselves. 9 shows 2 the talisman, when suddenly the Cat Beast appears and attacks 2. 9 accidentally rocks the can he is hiding in, drawing the attention of the Cat Beast. The Cat Beast searches the can 9 hides in, but 2 distracts the Cat Beast allowing 9 to escape, tearing his shoulder in the process. The Cat Beast takes 2 to a towering factory in the horizon. 9 lays unconscious.

9 awakes in a church, the shelter of the rest of the stitchpunk tribe. He meets 5, another of the stitchpunk who fixes 9's shoulder. 1, the leader of the group, appears and tells 9 that they have hid ever since the machines won the war. 9 explains what happened to 2 and insists they save him, but 1 refuses to risk jeopardizing their safety. 5, on the other hand, is convinced to help 9. The two enter the factory and save 2 from the Cat Beast, which is decapitated thanks to the timely arrival of 7. Noticing a socket shaped like the talisman, 9 inserts the talisman into it out of curiosity, only to have it open and instantly absorbs 2's soul, leaving 2 lifeless. This awakens the long-dormant Fabrication Machine, forcing 9, 5 and 7 to flee.

Seeking answers about the Fabrication Machine and the talisman, 9 is taken to meet 3 and 4, who reveal details about the machine's past, though they know nothing about the talisman. 5 tells 9 that 6 might have answers and return to the hideout, where 6 states they must "go back to the source," where the talisman's secrets can be found. However, they are caught by 8, who brings them to 1. 1 berates 9 for awakening the Fabrication Machine and argues that 9 will just lead them to more trouble. Suddenly, the hideout is attacked by the Winged Beast, a new machine created by the Fabrication Machine. Through a combined effort, the stitchpunks destroy the Winged Beast, though the hideout is burned down in the process. They seek refuge in a ruined library and meet twins 3 and 4, but are attacked by another new machine, the Seamstress[1], which kidnaps 7 and 8 and nearly kidnaps 1 as well, who is convinced to strike back against the machines.

9 infiltrates the machine factory where he is able to save 7 and destroy the Seamstress, though he arrives too late to prevent the Fabrication Machine from absorbing 8's soul with the talisman. 9 and 7 escape while the others ignite a barrel of oil and roll it into the gas-filled factory, causing the building to explode, thus leaving the stitchpunks to presume that the Fabrication Machine was destroyed as well. As the stitchpunks celebrate by listening to Over the Rainbow, 5 wanders off to chase an escaped record. He finds that the Fabrication Machine survived the explosion and, though damaged it is still active and no longer stationary. 5 barely manages to warn the others before the machine grabs him and absorbs his soul. During the nonstop chase while walking on a bridge, 6 tells 9 that they shouldn't destroy the machine because the souls of the dead stitchpunks are trapped inside the Fabrication Machine. Suddenly the Fabrication Machine reaches out from below the bridge and grabs 6. While 6 is being pulled down by the machine, he tells the other stitchpunks to go back to the source, where 9 awoke. Then the Fabrication Machine absorbs his soul leaving him lifeless, and drops him into a deep chasm. Despite this, 1, 7, 3 and 4 decide to destroy the Fabrication Machine anyway, believing the dead souls cannot be saved. 9 decides to heed 6's final words and returns to the laboratory where he first awoke and find the talisman, determining that it is "the source".
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0472033/


PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS


screen shots
http://bayimg.com/iAECFAacn
http://bayimg.com/IaecHaacn
http://bayimg.com/IaEcIaAcn

NOTE 

will have funny people DVDrip next