

 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

10cc were an English art rock band who achieved their greatest commercial success in the 1970s. Initially comprising four musicians — Graham Gouldman, Eric Stewart, Kevin Godley and Lol Creme — who had written and recorded together for some three years, before assuming the “10cc” name in 1972.
Two strong song-writing teams, one commercial and one artistic, injected sharp wit to lyrically-dextrous songs. The commercial team (Stewart and Gouldman) were straight pop-song-writers, who created the band’s most accessible songs; the artistic team (Godley and Creme) were the experimental half of 10cc, featuring an Art School sensibility and cinematic writing. Each man was a multi-instrumentalist, singer, writer, and producer, and each could perform as the lead singer.
 Three of the founding members of 10cc were childhood friends in the Manchester area. As boys, Godley and Creme knew each other; Gouldman and Godley attended the same secondary school; their musical passion led to playing at the local Jewish Lads' Brigade.
Their first recorded collaboration was in 1964, when Gouldman’s band The Whirlwinds recorded the Lol Creme composition, “Baby Not Like You”, as the B-side of their only single. The Whirlwinds then changed members and name, becoming The Mockingbirds (singer-guitarist Gouldman, drummer Kevin Godley [formerly of The Sabres with Creme]. The Mockingbirds published five, inconsequential, singles, in 1965 and 1966, before dissolving. 
In June 1967, Godley and Creme reunited and published the single “The Yellow Bellow Boom Room” (“Seeing Things Green”' b/w “Still Life” on UK CBS). In 1969, Gouldman took them to a Marmalade Records recording session. The boss Giorgio Gomelsky was impressed with Godley’s falsetto voice, and offered them a recording contract. In September 1969, Godley & Creme recorded some basic tracks at Strawberry Studios, with Stewart on guitar and Gouldman on bass. The song, “I’m Beside Myself With Jason Parker” b/w “Animal Song”, was published as a single, credited to Frabjoy and Runcible Spoon.
Gomelsky (an ex-manager of The Yardbirds) planned to market Godley & Creme as a duo, in the vein of Simon and Garfunkel. Plans for an album by Frabjoy and Runcible Spoon faltered, however, when Marmalade ran out of funds. Solo tracks by Godley and Gouldman, however – both involved Stewart and Creme – were released in a 1969 Marmalade Records music sample album, 100 Proof. Gouldman's track was “The Late Mr. Late”; a year later, Godley’s song “To Fly Away” reappeared as “Fly Away”, in the début Hotlegs album, Thinks: School Stinks.
Gouldman, meanwhile, had made a name for himself as a hit songwriter, penning "Heart Full of Soul", "Evil Hearted You" and "For Your Love" for The Yardbirds, "Look Through Any Window" and "Bus Stop"' for The Hollies and "No Milk Today", "East West" and "Listen People" for Herman's Hermits.
Meanwhile, the fourth future member of 10cc was also tasting significant pop music success: guitarist Eric Stewart was a member of Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders, a group that hit #1 with "The Game Of Love", and had scored a number of other mid-1960s hits. When Fontana left the band in October 1965, the group became known simply as The Mindbenders, with Stewart their lead vocalist. The band scored a hit with "A Groovy Kind Of Love" (released December 1965) and made an appearance in the 1967 film To Sir, With Love with "It's Getting Harder All the Time" and "Off and Running."
In March 1968, Gouldman joined Stewart in The Mindbenders, replacing bassist Bob Lang and playing on some tour dates. Gouldman wrote two of the band's final three singles, "Schoolgirl" (released November 1967) and "Uncle Joe the Ice Cream Man" (August 1968). Those singles did not chart and The Mindbenders broke up after a short tour of England in November.


Please SEED and enjoy, thanks, thanks and thanks so mutch........!

