The practice of phase states of the mind is the hottest and most promising pursuit of the modern age. Unlike in the past, the notions of “out-of-body experience”, “near-death meditation”, “lucid dreaming” and “astral projection” have already lost their mystical halo, and their real basis has been studied in minute detail from the most non-nonsense approach. Now, this phenomenon is accessible to everyone, regardless of their worldview. It is now known how to easily master it and apply it effectively. This textbook gives each and every person something that previously could only be dreamt about - a parallel reality and the possibility of existing in two worlds. This book is for pragmatic people who are not used to taking anything on faith or reading about empty theories. The book only deals with what works in practice, and nothing else.

  This guidebook is the result of ten years of extremely active personal practice and study of the out-of-body phenomenon(the phase), coupled with having successfully taught it to thousands of people. I know all of the obstacles and problems that are usually run into when getting to know this phenomenon, and have tried to protect future practitioners from them in this book.
  This guidebook was not created for those who prefer light, empty reading. It is for those who would like to learn something. It contains no speculations or stories, only dry, hard facts and techniques in combination with a completely pragmatic approach and clear procedures for action. They have all been successfully verified by a vast number of practitioners that often had no prior experience. In order to achieve the same result, it is only necessary to read through each section thoroughly and complete the assignments. 
  The book is beneficial not only for beginners, but also for those who already know what it feels like to have an out-of-body encounter and have a certain amount of experience, as this guidebook is devoted not only to entering the state, but also equally dedicated to controlling it.
  Contrary to popular opinion, there is nothing difficult about this phenomenon if one tries to attain it with regular and right effort. On average, results are reached in less than a week if attempts are made every day. More often than not, the techniques work in literally a couple of attempts.
		





DietingHub.com is a new diet, health, and nutrition forum looking for new active members. We love to help new members get in the best shape of their lives no matter if it is weight loss, weight gain, maintenance, weight lifting, nutrition, or any health issues you may have. If you yourself know a lot about fitness, or want to help out please visit us at 
 
http://www.DietingHub.com 
Diet. Health. Nutrition.



Tons Of Articles - Personal Support - Friendly Community