Thich Nhat Hanh: Anger (Wisdom For Cooling The Flames)

4 cd's
Running time: 5 hours 47 minutes
Narrator: Ken McLeod

It was under the Bodhi tree in India 2,500 years ago that the Buddha achieved 
the insight that just three states of mind were the source of all our 
unhappiness: ignorance, obsessive desire, and anger. Each of these are equally 
difficult, but in one instant of anger, lives can be ruined and our spiritual 
development can be destroyed. 

Twenty-five centuries after the Buddha's insight, medical science tells us that 
he was right. Anger can also ruin our health. It is one of the most powerful 
emotions, and one of the most difficult to deal with. 

But it can be dealt with, and it can be overcome. anger offers us a fresh 
perspective on taking care of our anger, suggesting we take care of it as we 
would a crying baby -- touching it, talking quietly to it, probing for what's 
making it cry. 

Filled with stories, techniques, and practical advice, Anger offers a wise and 
loving way to transform anger into peace, and bring harmony and healing to all 
the areas and relationships in our lives that have been affected by it. As the 
Dalai Lama says, Thich Nhat Hahn "shows us the connection between personal, 
inner peace and peace on earth."


Thich Nhat Hanh is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk, scholar, poet, and peace 
activist. During the war in Vietnam, he worked tirelessly for reconciliation 
between North and South Vietnam. His lifelong efforts to generate peace moved 
Martin Luther King Jr. to nominate him for the Nobel Peace Prize in 1967. He 
lives in a small community in France where he teaches, writes, gardens, and 
works to help refugees worldwide. Thich Nhat Hanh has conducted many mindfulness 
retreats in Europe and North America helping veterans, children, 
environmentalists, psychotherapists, artists and many thousands of individuals 
seeking peace in their hearts, and in their world. 

**** Sharing is caring, Please seed! ****