Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


BoA, originally titled Look Who's Talking, is the debut eponymous English studio album by Korean pop singer BoA and her twelfth studio album overall. The album was released on March 17, 2009 in the United States. BoA was released in Japan boxed with her second greatest hits album, Best & USA, as a 2-in-1 CD. BoA debuted on the Billboard 200 at #127 and topped the Billboard's Top Heatseekers (Pacific). On August the 31st BoA: Deluxe was released digitally via iTunes and includes the single version of Energetic and two bonus songs "Crazy About" and "Control". On September 22, 2009, the album was released worldwide.

In January 2008, it was reported that BoA was planning on entering the US market. However Lee Soo Man, the head of BoA's label SM Entertainment, denied this, saying not yet as there was still more work to do in Asia. On August 29, 2008 SM Entertainment announced they had started a subsidiary label in the U.S., SM Entertainment USA. News reports started to surface once again about BoA breaking into the U.S. market. On September 2, 2008, BoA's label officially announced that BoA would be entering the US market under their subsidiary label. On September 10, a press conference was held at the Seoul Imperial Palace Hotel to further clarify her debut plans.

Boa Kwon (권보아 Kwon Boa, born November 5, 1986), commonly known by her stage name BoA, which is a backronym for Beat of Angel, is a Korean singer, active in South Korea, Japan, and the United States. Born and raised in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea, BoA was discovered by SM Entertainment talent agents when she accompanied her older brother to a talent search. In 2000, after two years of training, she released ID; Peace B, her debut Korean album, under SM Entertainment. Two years later, she released her debut Japanese album, Listen to My Heart, under the Avex label. On October 14, 2008, under SM Entertainment USA, a subdivision of SM Entertainment, BoA debuted in the United States with the single "Eat You Up" and released her debut English-language album, BoA on March 17, 2009.

Influenced by hip hop and R&B singers as Nelly and Janet Jackson, many of BoA's songs fall into those genres. As the singer feels she does not "have any talent for writing [songs]", the writing and composition of her songs are handled mostly by her staff; for this reason, she has drawn some criticism. (Though only a few of her songs are self-written, BoA began composing on her own with her Japanese debut album Listen to My Heart, in which she co-wrote and composed the song "Nothing's Gonna Change".)

BoA's multilingual skills (she speaks Japanese and conversational English along with her native Korean and has recorded songs in Mandarin Chinese) have contributed to her commercial success in South Korea and Japan and her popularity throughout Asia. She is the only non-Japanese Asian to have two million-selling albums in Japan and is one of only two artists to have six consecutive number-one studio albums on the Oricon charts since her debut.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

