Esperanto-Last Tango
RELEASED: 1975 
LABEL: A M
FORMAT: CD
PRODUCER: Robin Geoffrey Cable
BITRATE: 256
 
Tracks:

01. Eleanor Rigby 
02. Still Life
03. Painted Lady
04. Obsession
05. The Rape
06. Last Tango

Bonus tracks: 

07. In Search Of A Dream
08. Busy Doing Nothing

Line-up / Musicians
- Timothy Kraemer / cello
- Bruno Libert / keyboards 
- Gino Malisan / bass
- Tony Malisan / drums 
- Roger Meakin / vocals 
- Kim Moore / vocals 
- Geoffrey Salmon / 2nd violin 
- Raymond Vincent 1st violin 

This is one of my all time favourite albums. I only have this on vinyl and it's not in very good condition, so I uploading a copy that I found my self cause I can't find it here on TPB (at least not a working copy).

The Belgo-English band Esperanto had a short but intense career and 
produced an extremely varied musical repertoire thanks to the many different 
nationalities, origins and outlooks of its members.
The line-up of Esperanto changed considerably for the third album. Keith 
Christmas had left for musical reasons and the band was looking for a more 
energetic frontman. They met this time in London and published some ads in 
the music press, including in the Melody Maker (Genesis had recruited Steve 
Hackett through that channel). Esperanto auditioned and took on board their 
next singer Roger Meakin. His special vocal timbre made him an ideal partner 
for Kim Moore, female singer recruited in the same way, as their voices 
blended perfectly. The recording of the third album took place partly in London 
and partly at the famous chateau of Herouville near Paris where Jethro Tull, 
Elton John and many others recorded in the seventies. The album “Last Tango” 
was produced by Robin Geoffrey Cable (engineer and producer, notably for 
Queen, Genesis, Van Der Graaf Generator, Elton John and Carly Simon). It was 
released in 1975.

This time, the group seemed to have found its musical and personnel 
equilibrium and the tour which followed was very successful. They played at 
numerous famous festivals, including Reading, Newcastle and Bilzen among 
other engagements. The band also had a residence at the Marquee: an 
Esperanto concert was automatically programmed every 10 to 15 days in the 
famous London club for several months. The European tours were also quite 
successful, with memorable concerts at the Paradiso in Amsterdam and at the 
Festival de Montreux (Switzerland), with PFM.

 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Abrasax/