!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
in the future feed back will happen at 
http://science.hexagon.cc/torrents/49914-The_deweirdifier
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Self made, amateur scholarship . Science or crankdum, you decide, its not up to me to say it. English is not very good, but this is not literature its about the ideas. Its in HTML.

abstract:

We attempt to describe the big picture of humans at every level. Its all in simple language, no jargon, but the english isn’t very good.

We first explain very simply the physics of how proteins and cells function. In short molecules are standing waves, if you understood that, molecules are boring. You can make a direct link between simple physics and why a protein can do anything. This is here, so you can make a direct link between effects of higher order with the physics at the scale of an atom, theres absolutely nothing mystifying anywhere, they are a bunch of nanomachines.

Then a word about where we come from, start with abiogenesis of course. A composite model of several older models, this time its far more pressice then the usual vagueness of theories on the issue. Its testable in a lab.The primordial soup gives amphiphilic molecules, that assemble in vesicles. Vesicles compete for membrane molecules, due to a differential in osmotic pressure, grow and split due to excessive expansion.Clay crystals, capable of replicating act as the first catalyst and gene, polymerizing at random, in order to increase the above mentioned osmotic pressure. Evolution start tweaking the clay crystals and the random polymers to more efficient and complex competition. Its not like anything you may have read, so its not possible to explain it in a couple of phrases, and if you didn’t understand the above explanation, its normal. We continiou with evolution, from a single bacterium up to modern civilization, with some interesting details about particular structures. Now we know where we come from and how our bodies work.

For the rest we will consentrate on the brain. We start with how a neurone works and its relation with other neurones.100 billion neurones is a litle bit too much, so we concentrate to there bulk properties instaid(big picture), like for example we are interested at temperature not individual molecule movement. Great number of neurones assemble in neural networks, capable of performing automated machine learning and to generalize from some examples to the situations it never encountered. We construct a nice simplified brain model, the neural networks perform supervised learning from the mislabeled pleasure/pain center, grossly being the limbic system. We spill over in too psychology, since the simple brain model can be used as a unified base theory in psychology, the only science that is still in a mess with multiple competing and contradictory base theories. To investigate the proposal, we have no other choice then to investigate a gazillion examples and demonstrate that it fits acceptably well.

From those example, surely religion can’t be absent. Extrapolating from rather detailed considerations, we conclude that religious people are compensating for affection. We also conclude that secular people are also compensating for afection with consumerism. If everybody is compensating for afection, then what’s the deal here? We have a look at animals for clues. The bonobos(the second species of chimp) are the most interesting, they are the closest living being to humans(more then the common chimp). They are also unique in the entire animal kingdom, in there oversexualized lives, they use casual sex for bonding, to diffuse tension and for reconciliation. There sex repertoire includes everything: tongue kissing, heterosexual sex, bisexual sex, oral sex, group sex, pedophilia, none reproductive incest, etc; the only sex taboo, is between a mother and her adult son. With the bonobo, and many other considerations, we can propose seriously, that human’s social behavior, from at least 5.000.000 years ago, up to 10.000 years ago, mirrored exactly that of the bonobos,, knocked out due to sever environmental stress and later economic changes. hence the reason everybody is compensating. Current sexual liberalization is just the process of going back to normal(the bonobo way), and we aren’t even at half of it.

Rind et al.was an unimportant 1998 peer reviewed paper on child sexual abuse, reaching some weak and unimportant conclusions. The US house of representatives condemned it with 355-0 and 13 abstentions, the US senate condemned it unanimously. Without taking in to acount all the extreme public attacks against it. To the point that the American Psychiatric Association apologized for it. My conclusions are several orders of magnitude more radioactive. I’m not even going to attempt to go the usual way of publishing. I live in the EU, but i doubt it will be much beater received. I’m just putting it in a torrent and hope for the best.
