Release Date : 06/08/2009
Genre ..........: Comedy / Drama
Source .........: R2 Retail DVD
Video ..........: 624x352, XviD @ 25.000fps
Audio ..........: MP3 ~128kbps
Size ...........: 233MB
Duration .......: ~27 mins


Episode 1: Slip of the Tongue
Hank and Karen make plans to move back to New York now that they've reconciled, but their plans unravel thanks to a series of drunken incidents that land Hank in jail and in trouble with Karen.


Episode 2: The Great Ashby
Hank finds himself in jail after assaulting a mouthy police officer. Karen, still upset at Hank for his accident at the party, refuses to bail him out.


Episode 3: No Way to Treat a Lady
Charlie wants to help Daisy with her porn career, while Hanks starts writing Lew Ashby's biography. Becca has her first day at a private school, while Karen meets Sonja and Julian again.


Episode 4: The Raw & The Cooked
Hank and Karen throw a dinner party for a few close friends: Charlie and Marcy, who show up high, Ashby, Sonja, Julian and Mia. Becca and her new boyfriend Damien round out the group.


Episode 5: Vaginatown
Hank dreams about sleeping with a cooking show host.


Episode 6: Coke ~censored~ & The First Kick
Hank wants to find out more about Ashby.


Episode 7: In a Lonely Place
Hank attempts to find a love interest for Becca's teacher. Charlie uncovers Marcy's secret which could have fatal effects on their finances.


Episode 8: Going Down and Out in Beverly Hills
Hank attempts to get Ashby to confess. Charlie gives in to temptation.


Episode 9: La Ronde
Hank refuses an offer. Karen and Ashby go on a date. Charlie and Daisy get to know each other better.


Episode 10: In Utero
Hank reminisces his past with Karen. Charlie pleads with Daisy to move out.


Episode 11: Blues From Laurel Canyon
Ashby throws a party for Mia for her book being published. Charlie wants a divorce. Becca is distraught after catching Damien two-timing on her.


Episode 12: La Petite Mort - SEASON FINALE
Hank finishes his biography. Karen is given a job offer she can't refuse resulting in Hank and Becca to make sacrifices. 