Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Dynamite" is a song by British recording artist Taio Cruz. It was written by Cruz and Max Martin and produced by Dr. Luke and Benny Blanco for the international version of his second album, Rokstarr. On 30 May 2010 it was released to US and Canadian radio stations as his second single and accross Europe as his fourth single. The official remix features new label mate, Jennifer Lopez.

On July 9 MTV released an exclusive sneak peak of the video. The video also premiered on 17 July. According to MTV, Cruz "rides a fast bike and stops by a school where he kicks off a firework party with the ladies in attendance. Toward the end of the video, the moon sets and the British pop star gives an impromptu concert of sorts with the lady mechanics as his audience. Soon, an enormous, fiery explosion goes off behind the star, before subsiding into a shower of sparks, which, according to Cruz, is the perfect backdrop for the subtext of his song". Accordind to Cruz his inspiration came from "wanting to do things on a bike" since his previous videos included cars and boats. "So you're gonna see me spin the tires on this, which is pretty cool!". One of the vehicles brought for the video shoot was a "massive truck" which was used to film big screen project "Universal Soldier". Speaking of the shoot he said "I've never done a video that has this many props in it. "We've got the most amazing, wrecked cars."

After his debut U.S. single hit number one "Break Your Heart", "Dynamite" was added to Top 40 radio stations on 1 June 2010. The song will be released in the UK on 23 August 2010. According to Rap Up magazine, Cruz has recorded an official remix to the song with American singer and label mate, Jennifer Lopez. According to Cruz "The song 'Dynamite' itself is about when you go to the club and when you go to a party and when you're just going out ... you got to feel like, 'I'm just gonna explode.'"

Rokstarr is the second studio album by British R&B singer-songwriter and producer Taio Cruz. The album was released on 12 October, 2009 in the United Kingdom and on June 1, 2010 in the United States, as the singer U.S. debut album. The album was originally titled T.W.O. (This Way Out) The album's first single Break Your Heart was a success worldwide, topping the charts of several countries, such as United Kingdom, United States, Australia, Canada and more. Dirty Picture, which features Ke$ha was released as the UK third single and was a top ten hit on the UK and Ireland, while the U.S. second single "Dynamite" is a success on the charts of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, Canadian Hot 100 and Australian's ARIA Charts. The album received mixed to average reviews from contemporary music critics. It debut and reached number fourteen on the UK Albums Chart and reached number eight on the Billboard 200.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/