Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Killswitch Engage is the fifth album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage, released June 30, 2009 through Roadrunner Records. The album has a rather rare and unusual characteristic: it is the second official release by the group to be self-titled, along with their debut album. A special edition and vinyl record  of the album was released on the same day. On the band's official website, if a pre-order for the album was made, the buyer would be entered into a drawing to win a custom Parker P44 guitar with artwork from the album as the paint job.

The album peaked at #7 on the Billboard 200, selling 58,000 copies in its first week of release, making it the band's highest charted album to date. The special edition also features two live versions of bonus tracks from the previous album's special edition, and one from The End Of Heartache.

Before the release of the album or a single, "A Light In a Darkened World" was put into the setlist of the bands' first half of their 2009 tour as a preview of the album, it was also played live at the band's performance at the Golden Gods Awards '09.

On May 28, 2009, their official fanclub, Take This Oath, were granted access to be the first people in the world to listen to a song titled "Reckoning." The track became available from the Roadrunner Records website to the general public the following day. On June 5, VH1's website premiered the video for the song "Starting Over", directed by Lex Halaby. The video premiered on MTV on June 6, and that night, Killswitch Engage hosted Headbangers Ball. On June 19, the album was played in its entirety at various Hot Topic locations. On June 25, the entire album was put up for preview on the band's MySpace page. On May 24th 2010 a trailer of the video for track 9 on the album "Save Me" was put on the bands website.  The next day the full video was premiered on Craveonline. It was created using claymation depicting the band saving Howard from Martians after witnessing his abduction on a monitor.

Killswitch Engage is an American metalcore band from Westfield, Massachusetts, formed in 1999 after the disbandment of Overcast and Aftershock. Killswitch Engage's current lineup consists of vocalist Howard Jones, bassist Mike D'Antonio, guitarists Joel Stroetzel and Adam Dutkiewicz, and drummer Justin Foley. The band's membership has changed in the decade since its founding as illness, changes in life-situation, and new interests have drawn the men in different directions. The band has released five studio albums and one DVD.

Killswitch Engage rose to fame with its 2004 release The End of Heartache, which peaked at number 21 on the Billboard 200, and was certified gold in December 2007 for over 500,000 shipments in the United States. The title track, "The End of Heartache", was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2005, and a live DVD titled (Set This) World Ablaze was released in 2005. Killswitch Engage has performed at festivals such as Wacken Open Air, Reading and Leeds Festivals, Ozzfest, Download Festival, Rock on the Range, Rock Am Ring, Mayhem Festival, and the Australian Soundwave Festival. The band has sold over one-million records in the United States alone and have been widely reffered to as "one of the founders of metalcore."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/