Runrig is a six-piece folk rock band from Scotland. The group was founded in 1973, and as of 2010, Runrig has released thirteen studio albums.

Musically, Runrig is rock-oriented. The band's lyrics, however, tend to be folk-oriented. Typical Runrig songs will mention locations, events, or people that are unique to Scotland. The history and politics of Scotland (as well as the country's position within the United Kingdom) are also discussed in many songs. Another recurring theme involves an awareness of the natural world, along with many references to agriculture and land conservation.

In keeping with its cultural roots, Runrig sings about one-quarter of their songs in Scottish Gaelic.

In 1973, Runrig began as a three-piece dance band, playing wedding receptions. The founding members were two brothers, Rory and Calum MacDonald, along with their friend Blair Douglas. The trio's first performance occurred at Kelvin Hall, in Glasgow.

Runrig soon evolved from its origin as a cover band, and in 1978, released their first studio album. Runrig's fifth album, released in 1987, marked the band's debut on a major label.

Since their inception, Runrig have endured many changes in its line-up, although brothers Rory and Calum MacDonald (the band's primary songwriters) have always been active members.

At present, Runrig's largest fan bases can be found in the United Kingdom, Denmark, and Germany. Since 1999, the band has gained attention in Canada, after they appointed Nova Scotia singer Bruce Guthro, as successor to their previous lead vocalist, Donnie Munro.

Once In A Lifetime is a live album by Scottish folk rock band Runrig. It was released in 1988. A review from Allmusic.com called it one of the best live albums ever: "Capturing the band in its best milieu — live — Once in a Lifetime is arguably one of the ten best live albums ever, if the test of a live album is the effect a band has on its audience that particular night. Alternately exhilarating and soul-stirring, its highlight is a rendition of "Loch Lomond" that has to be heard to be believed."

Released 1988 
Recorded 1987 
Genre Folk rock, Celtic rock 
Label Chrysalis 
Producer Chris Harley 


Dance Called America 
Protect And Survive 
Chi Mi'n Geamhradh 
Rocket To The Moon 
Going Home 
Cnoc Na Feille 
'S Tu Mo Leannan / Nightfall On Marsco 
Skye 
Loch Lomond 
Hearts Of Olden Glory 

 Personnel
Donnie Munro: vocals; acoustic guitars 
Rory MacDonald: bass; vocals 
Malcolm Jones: electric guitars; vocals 
Peter Wishart: keyboards 
Iain Bayne: drums 
Calum MacDonald: percussion; vocals 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed