TGCLEADER

Director: Shawn Levy

Writers (WGA): Robert Ben Garant, Thomas Lennon, Robert Ben Garant

Action, Adventure, Comedy, Family, Fantasy.

Cast: 
Ben Stiller	... 	Larry Daley
Amy Adams	... 	Amelia Earhart
Owen Wilson	... 	Jedediah Smith
Hank Azaria	... 	Kahmunrah / The Thinker / Abe Lincoln
Robin Williams	... 	Teddy Roosevelt
Christopher Guest... 	Ivan the Terrible
Alain Chabat	... 	Napoleon Bonaparte
Steve Coogan	... 	Octavius
Ricky Gervais	... 	Dr. McPhee
Bill Hader	... 	General George Armstrong Custer
Jon Bernthal	... 	Al Capone
Patrick Gallagher	... 	Attila the Hun
Jake Cherry	... 	Nicky Daley
Rami Malek	... 	Ahkmenrah
Mizuo Peck	... 	Sacajawea
Kerry van der Griend	... 	Neanderthal #1
Matthew Harrison	... 	Neanderthal #2
Rick Dobran	... 	Neanderthal #3
Randy Lee	... 	Hun #1
Darryl Quon	... 	Hun #2
Gerald Wong	... 	Hun #3
Paul Chih-Ping Cheng	... 	Hun #4
Jay Baruchel	... 	Sailor Joey Motorola
Mindy Kaling	... 	Docent
Keith Powell	... 	Tuskegee Airman #1
Craig Robinson	... 	Tuskegee Airman #2
Samuel Patrick Chu	... 	Teenage Boy #1 (as Samuel Chu)
Augustus Oicle	... 	Teenage Boy #2
Kai James	... 	Teenage Boy #3
Thomas Morley	... 	Darth Vader
Clint Howard	... 	Air and Space Mission Control Tech #1
Matty Finochio	... 	Air and Space Mission Control Tech #2
George Foreman	... 	Himself
Josh Byer	... 	Capone Gangster #1
Sophie Levy	... 	Young Girl #1
Tess Levy	... 	Young Girl #2
Alberta Mayne	... 	Kissing Nurse
Christina Schild	... 	'American Gothic' Woman
Robert Thurston	... 	'American Gothic' Farmer
Clifton MaCabe Murray	... 	Kissing Sailor (as Clifton Murray)
Caroll Spinney	... 	Oscar the Grouch (voice)
Dan Joffre	... 	Town Car Driver
Dave Hospes	... 	Astronaut
Regina Taufen	... 	New York Reporter
Shawn Levy	... 	Infomercial Father
Kevin Jonas	... 	Cherub #1 (voice)
Joe Jonas	... 	Cherub #2 (voice)
Nick Jonas	... 	Cherub #3 (voice)
Brad Garrett	... 	Easter Island Head (voice)
Eugene Levy	... 	Albert Einstein (voice)
Robert Ben Garant	... 	Orville Wright
Don Abernathy	... 	Airport Traveler
Dennis Albanese	... 	Foreman
Jonah Hill	... 	Brundon the Security Guard
Lauren Emily Jacobs	... 	School girl
Thomas Lennon	... 	Wilbur Wright
Tom MacNeill	... 	US Marine
Dan Martino	... 	U.S. Solider
Douglas Nelson	... 	Strelts
Robert Underwood	... 	Air and Space Mission Control Tech 

PLOT: When the Museum of Natural History is closed for upgrades and renovations, the museum pieces are moved into federal storage at the famous Washington Museums. The centerpiece of the film will be bringing to life the Smithsonian Institution, which houses the world's largest museum complex with more than 136 million items in its collections, ranging from the plane Amelia Earhart (Amy Adams) flew on her non-stop solo flight across the Atlantic and Al Capone's (Jon Bernthal) rap sheet and mug shot to Dorothy's ruby slippers, Fonzie's jacket from Happy Days, the still from M*A*S*H and Archie Bunker's lounge chair from All in the Family. After stealing a security guard's ID badge, Larry (Ben Stiller) slips into the Archives of the Smithsonian, where Kahmunrah, an evil Pharaoh will come to life with the reestablishing of a tablet as a magical force in the museum bringing the old exhibits (Such as Theodore Roosevelt and Dexter) and new exhibits (like General Custer and Al Capone) back to life, and in conflict with each other. Larry enlists the help of Amelia Earheart, who he develops a romantic interest in, and together they try to put everything back in order.

DVD Release Date: December 1, 2009

Runtime: 1:44:38

Languages: English, Spanish, and French.

Subtitles: English and Spanish.

Format: DVDR

Region: NTSC

Contains: Orignal DVD title menu, Special Featurs, Commentary, and Language selection.

This is the full DVDR of Night At The Museum Battle Of The Smithsonian. The only thing that has been removed is the Previews everything else is in tact. 

How To Extract And Burn: First you need Winrar to extract the VIDeO_TS foler to the destination you want and then to burn this to a DVD you can use Clonedvd2 or nero burning rom and just add the VIDEO_TS foler to it and just burn but im sure there is other ones out there that I havent mentioned but these are the ones I use so go ahead and use other ones too. PLEASE SEED and enjoy TGCLEADERSEED and enjoy TGCLEADER.