Hi,

This is my first torrent so please be gentle ;-)

I didn't rip the original video and I'm not taking credit to it. I found this as two mp4 files but because the second part was hard to find I decided to join them into one file and share. Since avi container has wider support than mp4 I thought it's better to use avi.

Hope you'll enjoy it. 

Technical details: 
I kept the same quality settings:
Video: 720 x 480, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, 29.970, 2000 kbps
Audio: MPEG-1 Layer 3, 48000Hz,  160 kb/s tot , Stereo
Length: 2:38:14 hrs
Frame rate: 29.970

PS. I'm looking for the following, if anyone has it please share:
- Tony Sweet's Visual Literacy: Photography Workshop
- HDR (High Dynamic Range) Photography Made Easy
- Digital SLR Photography, Show Me How Videos
Or any other good video photography guides


About this video: 
(Source: http://press.nikonusa.com/2008/10/new_nikon_school_dvd_illuminat.php)

"Oct. 21, 2008 – Nikon is pleased to announce a new DVD that guides viewers on advanced creative lighting techniques under the masterful instruction of award-winning National Geographic Traveler photographer Bob Krist and world renowned photojournalist and lighting expert, Joe McNally. Painting with light is the very definition of photography and this DVD demonstrates why the Nikon Creative Lighting System (CLS) continues to define the imaginative possibilities available to photographers. 

“A Hands-on Guide to Creative Lighting” demonstrates the essentials of lighting techniques that separate exceptional images from everyday pictures. The video will lead viewers through the fundamentals of lighting in the studio with Bob Krist, who is later joined by Joe McNally in a variety of real-world shooting situations faced by many photographers. Shooting at several locations from the dramatic Boston Ballet School to the rustic charm of Gloucester, Mass., Krist and McNally teach viewers how to get the most from their Nikon Speedlights. 

“The basic and advanced lighting techniques demonstrated in this DVD will benefit all levels of photographers and help create lighting schemes that transform an ordinary subject into something spectacular,” said Edward Fasano, general manager for marketing, SLR Systems Products at Nikon Inc. “Because of its adaptability and ease of use, Nikon Speedlights—the heart of the Nikon Creative Lighting System, remain the industry standard for a portable lighting solution that allow photographers to create inspired images in the studio or on location.” 

Topics include direction, color and quality of light, Speedlight placement, working with wireless flash, and creative use of alternative flash sync modes. The DVD will also show users how to use the advanced features of their Nikon CLS system, including the SB-800, SB-600, SB-R200 and the new SB-900 Speedlight, as well as the SU-800 Speedlight Commander. 

“A Hands-on Guide to Creative Lighting” presented by Nikon School will be available starting November 1, 2008, and can be obtained online at the Nikon Mall (www.nikonmall.com) or at authorized Nikon dealers for an estimated selling price of $39.95.* Running time is approximately 2 hours, 34 minutes. DVD excerpts can be viewed online at www.nikonusa.com.

About Nikon
Nikon, At the Heart of the Image™. Nikon Inc. is the world leader in digital imaging, precision optics and photo imaging technology and is globally recognized for setting new standards in product design and performance for its award-winning consumer and professional photographic equipment. Nikon Inc. distributes consumer and professional digital SLR cameras, NIKKOR optics, Speedlights and system accessories; Nikon COOLPIX® compact digital cameras; COOLSCAN® digital film scanners; 35mm film SLR cameras; Nikon software products and Nikon sports and recreational optics. For the second consecutive year, Nikon D Series digital SLR cameras are recognized as “Highest in Customer Satisfaction with digital SLR cameras, Two Years in a Row, Tied in 2008.” according to the J.D. Power and Associates 2007 and 2008 Digital Camera Usage and Satisfaction StudiesSM. Nikon Corporation, the parent company of Nikon Inc., recently celebrated its 75th anniversary of NIKKOR optics and announced the production of over 45 million NIKKOR SLR interchangeable lenses. For more information, dial (800) NIKON-UX or visit http://www.nikonusa.com, which links all levels of photographers to the Web's most comprehensive photo learning and sharing communities"


Enjoy!