S   K   i   D   R   O   W

                ->  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   <-                 
                                                                           
       proudly presents    
                   Darksiders / THQ                 
  
                                                                             
     RELEASE DATE : 22-09-2010              PROTECTION : Steam               
     GAME TYPE    : RPG                     DISKS      : 2 DVD               
                                                                             
      
     Release Notes:                                                 

     The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.    
        We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark    
        under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root    
        of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and        
        nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do     
        this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene    
        started in the mid eighties.                                    
                                                                        
        If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back   
        on contacting us as soon as possible.                           
  
                                                                        
        On with the game release information:                           
                                                                        
        Deceived by the forces of evil into prematurely bringing about  
        the end of the world, War - the first Horseman of the           
        Apocalypse - stands accused of breaking the sacred law by       
        inciting a war between Heaven and Hell. In the slaughter that   
        ensued, the demonic forces defeated the heavenly hosts and      
        laid claim to the Earth.                                        
                                                                        
        Brought before the sacred Charred Council, War is indicted for  
        his crimes and stripped of his powers. Dishonored and facing    
        his own death, War is given the opportunity to return to Earth  
        to search for the truth and punish those responsible.           
                                                                        
        Hunted by a vengeful group of Angels, War must take on the      
        forces of Hell, forge uneasy alliances with the very demons he  
        hunts, and journey across the ravaged remains of the Earth on   
        his quest for vengeance and vindication.                        
                                                                        
        Apocalyptic Power - Unleash the wrath of War, combining brutal  
        attacks and supernatural abilities to decimate all who stand    
        in your way                                                     
                                                                        
        Extreme Arsenal - Wield a devastating arsenal of angelic,       
        demonic and Earthly weapons; and blaze a trail of destruction   
        atop Ruin, War's fiery phantom steed                            
                                                                        
        Epic Quest - Battle across the wastelands and demon-infested    
        dungeons of the decimated Earth in your quest for vengeance     
        and redemption                                                  
                                                                        
        Character Progression - Uncover powerful ancient relics,        
        upgrade your weapons, unlock new abilities, and customize your  
        gameplay style                                                  
                                                                        
        Battle Heaven and Hell - Battle against all who stand in your   
        way - from war-weary angelic forces to Hell's hideous demon     
        hordes                                                          
                                                                        
                                                                        
      
     Install Notes:                                                 
                                               
                                                                                                                  
        2. Mount image or burn it                                       
        3. Install                                                      
        4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on DVD2 to  
           main installation folder and overwrite                       
                                                                        
        Additional Notes:                                               
                                                                        
        Our brand new steam installer is included with this release.    
        Keep in mind when using it, that if you mount DVD1 as P: drive  
        then DVD2 has to be mounted as P: too during install.           
                                                                        
                                                                        
        Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Year: 2010
Genre: Action (Slasher) / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Vigil Games
Publisher: THQ
Publisher in Russia: Buka Entertainment
Platform: PC

Minimum System Requirements:
 Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP (SP3) / Windows Vista (SP1) / Windows 7
 Processor: Intel Pentium IV at 3.0Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 3800 Processor at 2.4Ghz
 Video Card: 256 MB VRAM - nVidia GeForce 8800 or GeForce GT220 / ATI Radeon X1900
 Memory: 1 GB RAM (XP) / 2 GB RAM (Vista & 7)
 Hard Disk: 12 GB of free Hard Drive Space
 Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card
 Direct X: 9.0c
 Controls: Keyboard & Mouse
 Installation: DVD-ROM Drive

Recommended system requirements:
 Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP (SP3) / Windows Vista (SP1) / Windows 7
 Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo E6420 Dual Core at 2.13Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 5200 Dual Core at 2.60Ghz
 Video Card: 256 MB VRAM - nVidia GeForce GTS 240 / ATI Radeon HD 3,870
 Memory: 2 GB RAM (XP) / 3 GB RAM (Vista & 7)
 Hard Disk: 12 GB of free Hard Drive Space
 Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card
 Direct X: 9.0c
 Controls: Keyboard & Mouse
 Installation: DVD-ROM Drive

Publication Type: license
Release group: SKIDROW
Language: English (ENG)
Tabletka: Present
Size: 13.63 GB         

Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/22000/21714.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/22000/21715.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/22000/21716.jpg

Darksiders-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
Greets to all actual/future p2p/scene quality groups and affiliate websites.