Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Distant Worlds / Matrix Games

RELEASE DATE : 28-03-2010            PROTECTION : .Net Reactor + Serial
GAME TYPE    : Strategy              DISKS      : 1 CD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Distant Worlds is a vast, pausable real-time, 4X space
strategy game. Experience the full depth and detail of large
turn-based strategy games, but with the simplicity and ease of
real-time, and on the scale of a massively-multiplayer online
game.

Vast galaxies are made to order: up to 1400 star systems, with
up to 50,000 planets, moons and asteroids. Galaxies are so
deep, fun and immersive that you wont want to finish the
game. Build, expand and improve your empire endlessly. The
galaxy is packed with life and activity. Encounter other
empires, independent alien colonies, traders, pirates and
space monsters. Explore star systems, asteroid fields, gas
clouds, supernovae, galactic storms and black holes. Discover
evidence of civilizations long since past, uncovering secrets
about the galaxys troubled history...

Best of all, you can play the game your way: enjoy a quick,
intense game in a crowded galaxy or take your time in an epic
game spread across a vast galaxy!

Truly Epic-Scale Galaxies: play in galaxies with up to 1400
star systems and 50,000 planets, moons and asteroids. Vast
nebula clouds spiral out from the galactic core, shaping the
distribution of star clusters in the galaxy

Private Enterprise: the private citizens of your empire
automatically take care of mundane tasks like mining
resources, transporting cargo, migration between colonies,
tourism and much more. This frees you from micro-management
and instead allows you to focus on a macro-scale

Intelligent Automation: automate the various tasks in your
empire, so that you can focus on the areas that you enjoy
most. Or have your advisors make suggestions in different
areas like colonization, defense or diplomacy  helping you
learn the best tactics and strategies

Explore: explore the vast galaxy, discovering valuable
resources, potential colonies for your empire and making
contact with other empires. Uncover secrets that lift the veil
on the galaxys mysterious past...

Colonize: send out colony ships to found new worlds for your
empire. Develop your new colonies by keeping them
well-supplied with a steady stream of valuable resources

Defend: patrol the outlying areas of your empire to protect
from raiding pirates or dangerous space monsters. Construct
defensive bases at your colonies. Build up your fleets to
defend against enemy empires. Recruit troops to invade enemy
colonies and conquer the galaxy!

Diplomacy: interact with other empires, discussing treaties,
making trade offers or just giving them a piece of your mind.
Talk to pirate factions, tapping into their underground
information, or paying them to do your dirty work for you...

Espionage: covertly seek out information about other empires,
or even disrupt their progress with acts of sabotage

Research: develop new technologies for use in building your
own unique ships and star bases

Build: design and build the ships and star bases in your
empire. Construct mighty military ships at your space ports,
or build mining stations, research installations or secret
monitoring facilities at remote locations throughout the galaxy

Built-in Game Editor: fine-tune your own galaxy, adding or
removing star systems, planets, asteroid fields, ships, star
bases, space monsters or anything else. Modify the attributes
of any empire in your game

Extensive Help: exhaustive, built-in, context-sensitive help
is always only a single key-press away. Press F1 at any time
for a detailed explanation of the current game screen, your
currently selected item, etc

Tutorials: in-game tutorials familiarize you with all of the
game elements and tools

Built-in Customization: modify all ship art, alien races, and
much more. Switch between different customization sets with a
couple of mouse clicks from the main game menu


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install (type anything as serial or just press next)
4. After intallation is complete, go to SKIDROW folder on the
CD and run Setup.EXE to update game to v1.01 (type anything
as serial or just press next)
5. Copy the content from the SKIDROW/Crack folder on the CD to
your installation directory and overwrite
6. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]