My reason for buying this was simply to check out just what guitarist Bernie Marsden did next after his departure from Whitesnake.  This album was actually the second and final studio release from the four piece band but there’s enough here to tell he still had some prime blues-rock music within him although it does sound on occasions that the band were looking for a hit single too. The over-polished, smooth cover of Kim Carnes’ ballad “Miss You Tonight” is the most obvious hit-hunt.  Owing a fair bit to “Drive” by The Cars its actually the only certainty I’d skip if this were on cd.

Positively though, there are four or five very decent blues-rockers on here, all of which you feel could have been candidates for inclusion on a Whitesnake album if Coverdale had decided to stick with the British flavoured sound rather than look for wider spread acceptance.  “The Thing” has the nice soft acoustic start before building into a Zeppelin tinged rocker and its side one companion “Help Yourself” could also, with a bit of work on the chorus perhaps, have graced any early ‘Snake album.  The final three offerings of side two are also in the classic blues-rock vein.  Bass guitarist/piano player Brian Badhams solo composition “Woman Like You” offers a couple of all too brief solo spots reminding of why Marsden is a respected if un-celebrated guitarist whilst the punchy “Schoolgirl” and the excellent “Love Man” reminiscent “S.O.S.” both improve on that, the final track at last offering space for Marsden to really stretch out a bit and shine.

A different direction is taken with the other tracks.  “Where Did They Go” has a more American flavoured AOR feel due in a large way to guest saxophonist Billy Paul taking the lead solo.  More surprisingly, although perhaps not given the mid-eighties release, a couple of tracks have more in common with the pomp rockers Magnum.  “Run With The Pack” isn’t a Bad Company cover but is more like a Bryan Adams number with hints of “Back Street Kid”, whilst the synthesiser and big chorus opener “I Really Want To Know” is pure Clarkin/Catley country.

In vinyl format especially you can’t help but notice the cover art.  Credited to one “Gary Marsh at Clock This Ltd” he must have given many seconds to considering the band name and thinking “I’m seeing a snow covered scene here”.  Fortunately the music is better.

Highlight: S.O.S.

Score: 3/5


01 - Run With The Pack
02 - Woman Like You
03 - Where Did They Go (Bonneville)
04 - Schoolgirl
05 - S.O.S.
06 - Help Yourself
07 - Miss You Tonight
08 - The Thing
09 - I Really Want To Know

mp3   128kbps