Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"I Kissed a Girl" is a song by pop singer Katy Perry, written by Perry, Dr Luke, Max Martin and Cathy Dennis (not to be confused with the earlier song with the same title by Jill Sobule). It was produced by Dr. Luke for Perry's 2008 album One of the Boys. Perry says the song is "about the magical beauty of a woman".

Released as the album's lead single, "I Kissed a Girl" was a commercial success. It topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart for seven consecutive weeks, becoming the 1000th chart-topper of the Rock Era. The song has since become a major worldwide hit, and along with the United States, it has topped the charts in more than 30 countries, including Australia, Canada, Ireland and the United Kingdom.

"I Kissed a Girl" was performed and a nominee at the 51st Grammy Awards (Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance). It was also nominated for Favorite Song at the 2009 Kids' Choice Awards.

One of the Boys is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry and her major-label  debut. Her change in record label and adoption of a pseudonymous surname accompanies a notable shift from the Christian gospel rock of her self-titled debut album. The album was released in the United States and Canada on June 17 2008 and has sold over 7 million copies worldwide up to June 2010. The album features the Billboard Hot 100 number one single "I Kissed a Girl," top 3 single "Hot n Cold," top 10 single "Waking Up in Vegas", and top 30 single "Thinking of You". The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA. The album has earned Perry two Grammy nominations.

Perry has stated that she had been working on the album since she was nineteen years old. During the making of the album Perry went through many struggles such as being dropped from two record labels and having two canceled albums. During this time Perry had "written between sixty-five and seventy songs". Perry collaborated with notable producers Greg Wells, Lukasz Gottwald, Dave Stewart, Max Martin among others on the album. Perry co-wrote every song on the album as well as writing 3 of the songs herself.

When talking about the songs on the album Perry said that she released "Ur So Gay" as the first single because it "was meant to be an introduction and a background" and "the album will have a lot of the same characteristics". She has said that lyrics are important to her and so there "will be lots of storytelling", some songs are meant to "make you cry, but there are others to make you dance and sing".

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/