Food Matters 2008 [DVDRip]

"Let Thy Food Be Thy Medicine, And Thy Medicine Be
Thy Food." - Hippocrates                             

That is the message from the founding father of      
modern medicine echoed in this brave new documentary 
film brought to you by Producer-Directors James      
Colquhoun and Laurentine ten Bosch.                 

‘Food Matters' is a hard hitting, fast paced look at 
our current state of health. Despite the billions of 
dollars of funding and research into new so-called 
cures we continue to suffer from a raft of chronic 
ills and every day maladies. Patching up an    
over-toxic and over-indulgent population with a host 
of toxic therapies and nutrient sparse foods is     
definitely not helping the situation.              

In a personal quest of discovery James and          
Laurentine together with a ?lm crew and the          
editorial and production expertise of Enzo Tedeschi  
have set out on an independent mission to uncover    
the wholesome truth. The filmmakers have interviewed 
several world leaders in nutrition and natural       
healing who claim that not only are we harming our   
bodies with improper nutrition, but that the right   
kind of foods, supplements and detoxification can be 
used to treat chronic illnesses as fatal as          
terminally diagnosed cancer.                         

‘Food Matters' seeks to uncover the business of      
disease and at the same time explore the safe, cheap 
and effective use of nutrition and supplementation   
for preventing and often reversing the underlying    
causative aspects of the illness. With the premise   
of the film being: access to solid information helps 
people invariably make better choices for their      
health.                                              

The ‘Food Matters' duo have independently funded the 
film from start to finish in order to remain as      
unbiased as possible, delivering a clear and concise 
message to the world. Food Matters. 