CD rip at 320kbps

1. "Send Her to Me"
2. "Turn Up the Radio"
3. "Night Teen & Non-Stop"
4. "Cloud 10"
5. "Deep End"
6. "My Girlfriend's Boyfriend Isn't Me"
7. "Thrill of Love"
8. "Friday"
9. "In the Night"
10. "All I'm Gonna Take" 

Autograph was an American Hard Rock band from Los Angeles, California. Active on RCA from 1984 to 1989, they sold over a million records and were awarded gold with their "Sign In Please" album.

On lead guitar was Steve Lynch who had played with Plunkett in the band Looker, and who has a distinctive two-handed, fretboard-tapping technique, which eventually won him the "Guitar Solo of the Year" award from Guitar Player magazine for his work on Autograph's signature song, "Turn Up The Radio." Bassist Randy Rand knew Plunkett from their days together in Wolfgang, a prominent club band in Los Angeles, which has been described as a local legend and of which Kevin Dubrow (lead singer of Quiet Riot) said, "They smoked us all....They a got better response than us and Van Halen"[1]. Steve Isham, keyboard player and longtime friend of Plunkett's, had earlier played with Holly Penfield, and on drums, Plunkett called on Keni Richards, his bandmate from John Doe, and whose friendship with Van Halen lead singer David Lee Roth led to Autograph's big break.

Quickly, this group of musicians recording together took the form of an actual band. Plunkett chose the name "Autograph" for the band, having been inspired by hearing Def Leppard's similarly-titled song, "Photograph," on the radio. They recorded their first rough demos in late 1983, but played them only for a few close friends. One of these friends, Andy Johns, a famous record producer, invited the band to re-record and upgrade those demos at the world-famous Record Plant studios - for free under his guidance. Keni Richards then played that new demo for David Lee Roth of Van Halen, who subsequently invited the band to open for them in their 1984 tour.

The band rose to prominence opening for Van Halen on their 1984 tour, ultimately playing 48 shows, an act of distinction for an unsigned band. Autograph signed a contract with RCA Records following a performance at Madison Square Garden in New York City in 1984.

The band’s debut album, Sign in Please, was completed and released in October of that year, but did not make an appearance on any record charts until January 1985. Sign in Please contains the band’s only major hit and signature song, "Turn Up the Radio." Interestingly, according to Autograph's Turn Up the Web website, the tune was one of the last songs recorded for the album, and the band members were initially very lukewarm toward it. The song became a top-30 hit, pushing album sales past the gold mark (500,000 copies sold). The album later went platinum. "Turn Up The Radio" was featured in an episode of Miami Vice entitled "Little Prince" and numerous other films.