Date:
 04-27-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Lee Speigel, Joe Kovacs, Richard Rives 
 


Writer and media personality Lee Speigel discussed his research and interviews in the field of ufology, as well as his efforts to bring the subject of UFOs to the United Nations. His 1975 album (now available as an audio CD) features his conversations with such notables as Major Donald Keyhoe who said the "government and military have been lying to us all these years" about UFOs, and offered to bring pilots forward that had encounters. Betty Hill was also interviewed about her abduction in this project. Interestingly, Speigel noted that at the time of the Betty & Barney Hill abduction, radar picked up an unknown object in their vicinity in New Hampshire. 

Speigel was commissioned by the country of Grenada to make a major presentation on UFOs for the United Nations in 1978. One of the materials he looked at in his preparation was a 1968 physics manual for Air Force cadets-- the book had a section on UFOs and suggested they were a global phenomena that had been going on for thousands of years. Further, the book suggested we were likely being visited by 3-4 different species of aliens, at various stages of development. 

His UN presentation was a closed-door meeting with Sec. Gen. Kurt Waldheim in attendance and such luminaries as Jacques Vallee, Gordon Cooper, and J. Allen Hynek speaking, as well as Maj. Larry Coyne, a helicopter pilot who had a terrifying UFO encounter in 1973. Grenada's Prime Minister Eric Gairy led a press conference after the presentation that was not well received, and the proposal to further study UFOs was later tabled, Speigel recounted. He also talked about his interest in other paranormal and spiritual subjects such as firewalking and channeling. 

Noah's Ark Update
In the first hour, journalist Joe Kovacs and curator Richard Rives reacted to the possible discovery of the remains of Noah's Ark. A 15-member team from Hong Kong and Turkey went up Mount Ararat and found a cave which they excavated and uncovered wooden specimens, Kovacs detailed. Rives talked about a previous investigation which found a fossilized boat-shaped object in another mountainous region of Turkey. For more on the new discovery, see Kovacs' WND report, as well as the article below. 
