Star Trek: Phoenix

Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Year: 2010
Country: USA
Runtime: 34 min
Director: Leo Roberts
Cast: Ben Andrews, James Lyle, Vanessa Cobbs, S. Joe Downing, Roy Stanton

.: Plot :.
Set 40 after Star Trek: Nemesis, this new fan film focuses on the adventures of the crew of the USS Phoenix (NCX-101138 ). The ‘Ascension Class ship is a massive 1,400 meters long and uses a hybrid of Romulan and Federation design, with a crew of more than 10,000. The pilot episode "Cloak & Dagger" takes place one year into the maiden voyage of the ship which has a mission of exploration and diplomacy. Star Trek: Phoenix has a cast of nine main characters, with many more playing guest roles in the pilot. The characters are a typical Star Trek crew with a mix of humans and aliens, including some new species. Headed by Ben Andrews who plays Captain Bryce Avari, the cast are all trained actors who have done commercial, stage, TV and film work.  Phoenix Creator and Executive Producer Leo Roberts (who is also a casting director) remains behind the camera, telling TrekMovie his focus on experienced actors was one of the key goals for the series from the outset. Star Trek Phoenix has a large production team with more than 150 volunteers who have been working on the project for over two years. According to Roberts, one of the reasons they set the show 40 years after Nemesis, was to allow them to create a new look for the show – which required the creation of new uniform designs, new props, and even new alien make-up. For the pilot, much of the shooting was done on location as well as a number of ship locations (using a combination of standing sets and CGI). One set they did not build yet is the bridge of the USS Phoenix. Roberts says that he is hoping that the pilot is enough of a success to justify the cost of building a bridge as elaborate as the team has envisioned. Roberts and his team have already mapped out a first season for the show and hope to be producing new episodes soon. 