A revolutionary view of Jesus, one that reveals his true message.” 
David Welch, producer of The Peaceful Warrior.

Liberating Jesus, the DVD is a film of the one man play, written and performed by Leonard Jacobson. Leonard plays the role of Jesus returned.

The time is now. Jesus has returned after a long and difficult journey since his death upon the cross. He has much to share with us about his life and death, and how his teaching has been misunderstood and misused.

In ACT 1, he speaks of his experience with John the Baptist, his opening into Oneness with God, his encounter with Satan, and his early experiences as a teacher of the Way. But then, the mood changes as he leads us through his experience of the crucifixion and shares with us what really happened to him on the cross. These revelations are both startling, and enlightening. He then reveals what has happened since his death upon the cross, and what he has had to endure to return to us.

In ACT 2, he reveals how his teachings have been misunderstood and misused, and he masterfully updates and clarifies his teaching.  Sometimes forceful and direct, sometimes loving, and compassionate, Jesus is concerned about the current state of the world, and how the misuse of his teachings has contributed to human unconsciousness. He is insistent that Christians awaken to his true teaching, and that Jews fulfill their sacred covenant with God. What he shares offers guidance to Christians, Jews, Muslims, Buddhists and anyone else interested in true awakening. Even atheists and agnostics will find it meaningful.

During the last fifty years, many people from the West have turned to the East looking for answers. This movie masterfully brings East and West together, and it brings Christianity, Judaism and Islam into alignment. The returned Jesus shows us a way out of separation and conflict and reveals the Oneness at very heart of all paths and traditions.

Liberating Jesus! is not just a movie. It is an event in consciousness. It will either inspire and enlighten you, and delight you, or it will disturb you. It is very powerful. If you are a Christian who adheres rigidly to traditional beliefs, you probably should NOT view this movie.
 
http://www.liberatingjesusthemovie.com