Season 4

Season 4, Episode 1: Living the Dream
Original Air Date—27 September 2009
Dexter's sleep deprivation puts both his day job and his nighttime hunting in jeopardy. Lundy is back in town to capture the Trinity Killer - someone he can't even prove exists.


Season 4, Episode 2: Remains to Be Seen
Original Air Date—4 October 2009
A sleep-deprived Dexter desperately tries to remember where he hid the body parts of his latest victim.


Season 4, Episode 3: Blinded by the Light
Original Air Date—11 October 2009
Dexter is facing some marriage and parenting challenges. Rita is mothering him somewhat after the accident and is not allowing him to drive, as per the doctor's orders. Step-daughter Astor is growing up and everything Dexter does seems to be the wrong thing.


Season 4, Episode 4: Dex Takes a Holiday
Original Air Date—18 October 2009
With Rita away with the kids away attending a cousin's wedding, Dexter finally has the freedom to find another victim. He focuses on Zoey Kruger, a police officer whose husband and child were killed in a house invasion.


Season 4, Episode 5: Dirty Harry
Original Air Date—25 October 2009
With Debra recovering in the hospital, Dexter re-doubles his efforts to locate the Trinity Killer. Knowing that he is following the same pattern as his murders from 30 years ago, Dexter is sure he knows where he will strike next.


Season 4, Episode 6: If I Had a Hammer
Original Air Date—1 November 2009
Dexter knows it’s only a matter of time before Miami Metro discovers the Trinity Killer’s latest handiwork. Therefore, he has to work doubly hard to stay one step ahead of their investigation.


Season 4, Episode 7: Slack Tide
Original Air Date—8 November 2009
Dexter finds himself enjoying a brief moment of tranquility. He’s finally managed to strike a balance between work, family… and other pursuits. But he’s keenly aware that times like these aren’t meant to last.


Season 4, Episode 8: Road Kill
Original Air Date—15 November 2009
Dexter has always known his father’s Code was meant to protect him from exposure. But after committing a serious mistake, he wonders if it could have been designed to protect him from something even more dangerous – human emotion.


Season 4, Episode 9: Hungry Man
Original Air Date—22 November 2009
Dexter stops by Arthur's house for a visit and realizes that for all Arthur is in appearance the happy family man, he is in fact terrorizing his family. According to Arthur's son Josh, they are all regularly beaten.


Season 4, Episode 10: Lost Boys
Original Air Date—29 November 2009
When Arthur kidnaps a young boy from a video arcade, Dexter realizes that his killing cycle has started again and that it includes four, not three, killings.


Season 4, Episode 11: Hello, Dexter Morgan
Original Air Date—6 December 2009
Dexter is determined to take care of the Trinity Killer/Arthur Mitchell himself, at least in part to atone for the mistake he made. When Dexter learns that Christine Hill is in custody, he realizes that the police will soon be onto Arthur, so he sets up an elaborate ruse to send them down the wrong path.


Season 4, Episode 12: The Getaway
Original Air Date—13 December 2009
Dexter is obsessed with getting the Trinity Killer himself, especially after Arthur has tracked him to Metro Homicide and learns his real identity.
