Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Nylon Pink is an edgy pop-rock band formed in Hollywood California in 2007. United by a mutual love for Guns N Roses, fashion, and all things pink, the pop-rock duo, who are Kaila and Kitt.E.Kat embody the Hollywood lifestyle, blended with a dose of anime and rock and roll.

With Kaila singing lead vocals and Kitt.E.Kat on bass guitar Nylon Pink just launched their new single “Hello Drama” which is a fitting lead single as it is also the brand name for their newly launched jewelry line. The song “Hello Drama” captures the essence of the girl’s lifestyle and personalities. It is a pop-rock song with a hard driving guitar riff and angst filled chorus mixed with a dash of girlish hope. 

Prior to Nylon Pink Kaila was a seasoned solo artist and a Myspace celebrity. She is a triple threat, an actress/model/singer and one of the top girls on Myspace with over 9 million hits and 450K friends. She was picked by Rolling Stone Magazine in their annual HOT LIST as an artist to watch out for in 2007. Her music has taken her all over the world and brought her to open for Christina Milian and Amerie. She was picked by Stuff Magazine as one of the 100 sexiest women online and has appeared on countless magazine covers, and appeared in Stuff, FHM Magazine, House of Roses, and many others. She has hosted her own show on .., MTV Asia and MTV CHI and also hosted shows on Octane TV, Torque TV, and Ripe TV. Kaila just shot a supporting role in the movie Penthouse and was recognized for her supporting role in Fast and Furious 3 Tokyo Drift.

Kit.E.Katt is a talented bassist extraordinaire! 

DJ Shy is Nylon Pink's celebrity dj on the turntables who has djed all the hottest clubs around the world and recently spun for Lindsay Lohan and Fergie

Filling out the group is Nylon Pink's drummer Tj Mcdonnell. 

Kaila Yu (Chinese: 于麗萍, pinyin: Yú Lìpíng), in Taipei, Taiwan, is a Taiwanese American Playboy model and pop singer.

She gained popularity through modeling in import car shows. Kaila is known for her appearances in Import Tuner, Playboy, FHM, and her roles in The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift, House of Style, and Dark Blue. She began college at UC San Diego and later transferred to UCLA in order to live in Los Angeles to pursue modeling and singing.

In 2007 Kaila teamed up with Kit E. Kat to form the group Nylon Pink. Their signature song Hello Drama is also the name for the jewelry line that the two own. Their act is inspired in part by anime and Harajuku fashion.[


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

