 http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa


In the 50s and 60s, Southern Rock was more a description of an artist's birthplace than a definitive musical style. Artists like Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Little Richard were identified by their Southern roots, although their musical themes were somewhat broader than the region. In the late 60s, groups like Creedence Clearwater Revival (California) and The Band (Canada) began achieving some success with a musical style and lyric flavor that evolved into the Southern Rock genre that flourished over the next couple of decades.

In the 70s, Southern Rock, as exemplified by the likes of The Allman Brothers Band (Georgia), the Marshall Tucker Band (South Carolina), the Charlie Daniels Band (Tennessee), and Lynyrd Skynrd (Florida) emerged with a musical style marked by hard rock guitar, boogie rhythms, and lyrics about the cultural and historical heritage of the South. Groups like the Doobie Brothers often combined Southern Rock with Heavy Metal, though one of that group's biggest hits, "Black Water", has a typical Southern Rock lyric theme. Through the 80s, Southern Rock grew well outside its original geographical boundaries, as evidenced by successful practitioners like AC/DC (Australia) and Def Leppard (Britain). Groups like ZZ Top (Texas) introduced synthesizers to their traditional instrumental mix, and used music videos effectively to maintain their popularity. 

Although Southern Rock enjoys radio airplay only on Classic Rock and Oldies stations these days, a loyal core of fans keeps groups like Lynyrd Skynyrd, the Allman Brothers and the Charlie Daniels Band playing to good sized crowds in small and medium sized venues. Groups such as R.E.M. (Georgia), Blind Melon (Mississippi), Black Crowes (Georgia), Widespread Panic (Georgia), and Jackyl have had success with Southern-oriented lyric and musical themes, but have allied themselves more with the Hard Rock genre than with Southern Rock. Various artists in various songs have promoted the concept that the South will "rise again." So, perhaps, will Southern Rock. 
http://80music.about.com/lr/southern_rock/77864/2/
 
http://classicrock.about.com/od/history/a/southern_rock.htm

Charlie Daniels (born Charles Edward Daniels on October 28, 1936, in Wilmington, North Carolina) is an American musician known for his contributions to country and southern rock music. He is known primarily for his Number One country hit "The Devil Went Down to Georgia", and multiple other songs he has performed and written. Daniels has been active as a singer since the early 1950s. He was inducted into the Grand Ole Opry on January 24, 2008.
 

