Hi there..

Allow me start off with the [slightly boring, but necessary] Product Description:

"In the beginning, the Bible triggered a revolution in human thought and later established Western civilization's moral and philosophical foundation. Many people though - from authors to pundits - mock it for their own purposes and political agendas. However, the Bible remains the bestselling book of all time, believed by nearly two billion people (Christians and Jews) to be divinely inspired. In his hard-hitting new book, The Politically Incorrect Guide to The Bible, author Robert J. Hutchinson details the facts behind the numerous truths the anti-religious secularists don't want you to know about, including:

*Recent archaeological discoveries confirm the historical accuracy of many Bible stories.
*The Bible made modern science possible (which is why it started in the Middle Ages).
*Biblical laws paved the way for democracy and limited government.
*The Bible promotes human freedom.
*The enemies of the Bible are enemies of true reason and tolerance.

In this new installment in the bestselling P.I.G. series, Hutchinson silences both the secularists and atheists with historical evidence, undeniable facts, and insightful revelations - proving why the Bible is still the bestselling book of all time - and so much more [plus it also deals with the opposite: the religious sectarians].

About the Author:
Robert J. Hutchinson, a veteran religion writer, studied philosophy as an undergraduate, moved to Israel to study Hebrew, and earned an M.A. in biblical studies from Fuller Theological Seminary."

Well, I've found this audio-book, and.. well.. It's waaaaay beyond "well worth listening"..
But don't take my word for it. These are clippings from reviews on Amazon:

"The Bible is the most mis-quoted book in the world by Religious fanatics and also Atheists.
In his book Richard Dawkins talks about a God that demands human sacrifices , tolerates slavery and is cruel beyond belief.
However most people who make statements like that show a serious lack of knowledge about the Bible as they interpret it outside its original context."

"The chapters on the archaeological discoveries, Sodom and slavery are particularly interesting and relevant.
I was most impressed with this book and will recommend it to anyone... "

And another one:

"This book should be required reading, for both Christians.. ..and for Atheists.."

"Christianity offers hope, because God values each individual. Atheism offers only despair; nothing matters because people are only a mistake of biology, just a random result of evolution."

"Fortunately, we all have the ability to make our own decisions. If Christianity isn't true, then it does not matter. If it is true, then it is the ONLY THING THAT MATTERS."

Sooo... I've listened to these mp3s and that is indeed the reason why I am putting them up for download.
This guy really has got his memory and synapses connecting the dots in the right places..
If Dawkins is a genius, then he is a evil genius. If Hutchinson could be described as a genius, he sure would fit the best possible interpretation.. If someone still remember what that means..

Oh, yes. I almost forgot: It's properly tagged and all mp3s are in one folder, so you won't have to "change album" on your mp3 and such. It's orderly tagged, and even has album art..

Enjoy. Please do enjoy.. :-)

Love from Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."