INTRODUCTORY TALK
BEGINNING CONSCIOUSNESS & ENERGY WORKSHOP
May 13-14, 1995 Yelm, Washington

If you'd like to listen to the audio-book version of the following transcription while you read it, please listen to these files:

01 An Introduction by J Z Knight 24-59.mp3

02 RAMTHAs Speech             01-02-13.mp3

When you're finished, you can read this one as a bonus:

03 Womens_Enslavement.pdf

The recordings are from an audio-cassette sent me through snail-mail from www.ramtha.com for free. I have rerecorded it from an audio cassette tape, on a Sansui D-80C to a Terratec DMX6Fire 24/96 sound adapter, with the help of a crack of Pinnacle Steinberg WaveLab 5.01b, and with the same program encoded it further into MP3 Pro (Fraunhofer) 96 kbps stereo (highest possible- or CD-quality).

«RAMTHA» may be an abbrivation of «Redeemer And Man To Help All»



Use µTorrent to download this audio-book:  
http://www.utorrent.com/




01 Greetings From JZ Knight

Channeling

(The packed auditorium applauding loudly)
Thank you, thank you. Be seated. I wanted to introduce myself. My name is JZ Knight, and I am the channel for Ramtha, The Enlightened One. I usually don't come out before Ramtha, but for beginning groups I like to come out because it gives you a reference . When you see Ramtha then you'll begin to understand the difference between who Ramtha is and who I am.

This is my body in this incarnation, and I say this incarnation, because it's my truth that I have lived many, many lives prior to this existence and that this body, with this genetic code is like a garment, like a clothing that I am wearing for a lifetime. And I inadvertently chose this body because of its genetic make up. It was predisposed to certain material abilities that would allow my spirit and my soul to subsequently come into life, and after I reached a certain age, to be able to construct meaningful thought. And from that meaningful thought, I could pursue life instead of life pursuing me. In other words, the body that I choose in this lifetime had certain abilities that would allow me to create a life that would challenge my ignorance.

You will understand from Ramtha that challenging one's ignorance is not an embarrassing thing to say. It is a fact that we use less than a tenth of our brain, and every one in this audience is pretty much on the same level. So we have greater than two thirds of our brain make up that we don't even use. And when your spirit or consciousness, whatever you wish to call it, suddenly wakes up inside of the body, you can start designing thoughts. And the brain has the capacity to absorb these thoughts and to construct them holographically, which in turn affects your life. So in this lifetime this is my genetic body, but what I am as an individual, is a spirit. But not a spirit in the sense that you may have heard superstitiously. I am an incarnated substance, just like you are, but I can only be seen on this level when I wear a body that I can animate and express through.

So, understanding that level of Philosophy as my truth, then we begin to understand how channeling another consciousness can be accomplished in one body. Effectively, two levels of consciousness can use the same body. An analogy of that would be if you bought a suit of clothes, and that suit of clothes fits you pretty well. And then you have a friend who needs a suit, who doesn't have one, so you let him borrow the suit. When he gets in the suit, his arms are a little longer than the cuffs, and maybe the waist is a little tight, but he starts to wear the suit. And when the suit comes back to you it has different wrinkles in it than when you wore it. So, what did I just tell you? I have a lot of wrinkles.

35,000 years ago

Ramtha is a consciousness. I hesitate to say spirit because it has such ignorant connotations attached to it. But he is a consciousness, a personality, who on a level that some of you can relate to, lived here 35,000 years ago. I understand that when I say 35,000 years ago, some of you think of cavemen chewing on bones and stuff. But in fact there was a very intelligent civilization that lived here during that time, and some of those ruins have now been discovered in the Sumerian valley.

(===

    Why I translated it in my head to twenty-five thousand years, is simply because I measure different length of the years than Ramtha does. Ramtha is a galactic human, and as such, he follows the Galactic Spiritual Calendar of 20 days by 13 months; or 260 days a year, with each day having a special emotional meaning (on this planet, also known as the Mayan Calendar; its current revolution expires on Friday, the 21. of December 2012). I, on the other hand follow the Julian Calendar of 365,26 days a year, which my tiny society follows. If you multiply thirty-five thousand with 260 and then divide your answer with 365¼, you'll end up around twenty-five thousand. This is the reason why some sources claim that the end of Lemuria happened 25,000 years ago, while Ramtha, in his books claims it to be 35,000 years since he walked upon this plane. So don't confuse yourselves unnecessary… Please quit quarreling all the time, will ya!


===)

In Ramtha's time, he had a lifetime in which he was a Lemurian. If we look at a geological map of the world, we would place Lemuria where the Pacific Ocean is, and it extended into the west coast of Washington of the Pacific Northwest. This particular area of the world, 35,000 (galactic 260 days) years ago, had a thriving spiritual civilization that went back to the time of dinosaurs. At that time, there were very intelligent people that lived and co-existed with reptilian beings. As a Lemurian, Ramtha came from a group of people who believed that they came here from beyond the North star. They worshiped the midnight sky and they called that home. So Ramtha inherited a longing that was genetically in him.

When the Earth was going through some dynamic changes at that particular time, and a lot of the continents, through plate tectonics, were going down, a lot of the pilgrims traveled over land to a bay called Onai. And that bay was connected to islands that were called Atlantis.

Well, the Atlantians were very technologically advanced people. Their god was intellect, and they worshipped the intellect. They considered the Lemurians very primitive people. And in fact there were some schools of thought that believed that they were less than the dogs in the streets, because they didn't consider the Lemurians to have a soul. So Ramtha was born into an environment that would create an enormous amount of fire for the rest of his life. And that fire, however, was exactly what this individual needed to develop himself. So he took an enormous amount of adversity in his life and he became a young conqueror. He was mad, he hated the god who created him, and he despised his people because they worshiped something that in the end didn't even save them. So he went about conquering nations.

RAMTHA's march

He was given a sword when he was 14 years old by a spiritual being, an incarnation of a being from perhaps another dimension. And she told him: «Here Ramtha, go and conquer yourself.» And so he interpreted himself as meaning everything outside of him. So Ramtha, according to Edgar Cayce, marched all the way into northern India and led an immense army of about 2 million at that time. His army was responsible for populating all the Gulf area up into India. In his march there were original Lemurians called the yellow race, the Atlantians were called the red race, and there were lonians who were called the white race. Ramtha himself was a Lemurian, but his skin was sort of a cinnamon color, maybe a cross between red and yellow. And all of these races came together and co-hebetated together for 63 years on his march. And genetically from these people sprang all of the people that you see now in Asia, Mongolia, and around the Mediterranean Gulf area; all very similar looking.

In this lifetime, Ramtha's soul and spirit were developing. Unlike the passiveness of his people, he was an aggressor and he went out to change and to challenge his heritage. That was perfect for his soul, because in reality, Ramtha was making known the unknown. And he was forging, not with his mind a new law, but he was forging a new people. He talks about the lasts days of Atlantis, when Atlantis went down, and of the last part of those islands that were off of what would be considered the Bermuda Triangle area. During his time, it had already shifted land masses and his people were already in another continent. In his talks he describes the era very vividly.

That lifetime of Ramtha has been ridiculed by the press, the media and by ignorant people who cling to the concept that modern day man is the epitomy of civilization and culture. In reality, modern man lacks an enormous amount of civilization and culture. And that their concept that a spirit could come from 35,000 years ago, and could possibly teach you anything, has been a point of ridicule.

JZ's childhood

I grew up in a family that was very poor. My mother was a cotton picker and we lived in a one room shack. I was born literally in the cotton field and I was second to the baby. I had 6 brothers and two sisters. I was born into an environment that was not educated, but also had no set standard of culture. So I was allowed to develop as a young child not in the constraints of social thinking. I wasn't the pretty little girl that was born into the Leave it to Beaver family that had to do everything right, belong to all the right clubs, do all the right things, read all the right books and wear all the right clothes. I was just one of the many kids of my poor woman who was trying to keep her family together. But it was that freedom that allowed me to learn, and it allowed me to develop an interior strength because I wasn't taught that it mattered what other people thought about me. During this time, I was able to develop my love of God which was innate in me. And I had heard a voice in my head ever since I was a little child and I was able to keep hearing the voice since nobody wanted to know what I thought anyway. So I never had anybody's opinions to worry about and I was able to develop in total anonymity. That gave me the strength to do this work.

Ascension

When Ramtha ascended in his lifetime, he ascended because he was a conqueror by spirit and he had conquered himself. He had conquered all of the lacks and limitations in his lifetime. Literally everything that was unknown to him he pursued. So, essentially Ramtha conquered the humanity of himself, and his next level was to conquer the wind or to go beyond. And, if God, as he says, is totally unlimited then who is to say that this great being of antiquity, who is referred to by Edgar Casey, did not in fact leave his body and become the wind. And if he is a spirit, what would have kept him from being that . Nothing! He had the focus and he had the warrior in him that allowed him to pursue God without constraint or without any images.

At the end of his march, he gathered all his people together for120 days. He tried to teach them what he had learned, what their journey had been about and that there was another journey. And that the journey that was ahead was not about miles or kilometers, but was essentially a journey of the spirit. And the only way Ramtha could explain the spirit to them was to use the analogy of a man with wings; that if a man had wings and he could fly, then that was the spirit. So for 120 days he taught his people everything he knew. He taught them about his Lemurian background, his conquest of the Atlantians, his coming together and conquering himself, his anger, his bitterness, the conquering of his fear and that his next conquest lay beyond death. When he had finished, he told his people that «one day far from this moment, I will come back and I will teach you again.» And with that Ramtha ascended and disappeared. In the aftermath of this event, his army split up. Part of his army went into Turkey, another part went into Mongolia, and the other part settled into what we now know as northern India, northern and southern Tibet, and northern and southern China.

So, my life went its usual route and I got a high school education. I learned to read and write and do all of those wonderful civilized things. I had some difficulty dealing with people because people didn't understand what I was telling them. I had understand that God was something more than someone sitting on a cloud judging us and by the time I got into high school, I was spiritually restless. After I graduated from high school, I went to business school and this entity then started appearing to me in my life. By appearing I mean that I would have the sense that somebody was standing beside me, or I would have dreams where I would take a nap and become paralyzed, and I couldn't wake up. I would be in a room where I couldn't see but I could hear conversations going on. I also had extraordinary experiences with UFO's.

RAM appears to JZ in 1977

And so, when I was ready, in 1977, in Tacoma, Washington, this entity first appeared to me. I was playing with some pyramids with my, at that time, husband to be, who was a dentist. And we were making pyramids because we hiked in the Olympic and Cascade mountain ranges. And it was the rage at that time that you could preserve and extend the shelf life of foods placed under pyramids. So we had wine, sandwiches, cheese and milk under pyramids that were all over the house. You couldn't even walk to the bathroom.

I had put one of the pyramids on my head and I thought: «If this will do this to baloney, what will it do to my brain?» So I put it on my head and started laughing, and as I picked it up there was this glitter at the end of my little kitchen; glitter like you would take a handful and turn it loose through a ray of sunshine. And there was this light happening at the end of my kitchen and I was just mesmerized. And there appeared this seven foot tall entity, who was as big as life and he was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in my life. He had this big beautiful smile on his face, long fingers and long hands, with black dancing eyes. And what do you say to something that appears in your kitchen on Sunday afternoon? You say: «You are so beautiful! who are you?» And that's exactly what I said. He was wearing what looked like a long white undershirt, but it wasn't an undershirt; it was like a robe. And then he had a deep purple over robe and when he pointed, his robe fell away from his arm, and that's how I knew he had these long beautiful fingers and this beautiful hand. And he looked at me and he said: «Beloved woman, I am Ramtha the Enlightened One, and I have come to help you over the ditch.» And, well, what would you do? I didn't understand because I am a simple person so I looked to see if the floor was still underneath the chair. And he said: «It is called the ditch of limitation», and he said: «And I am here, and we are going to do a grand work together.»

So all of that day this individual talked to me. My husband spent the time watching a compass that we had used to align the pyramids to true north. He was watching it spin around so fast that he couldn't even see the needle any longer — and that was Ramtha's magnetic field. And though my husband couldn't see Ramtha, he could see the ionization of the air in the kitchen.

That started a journey with a being that I had to define. I thought he was an angel, but I didn't see any wings. So then I got suspicious: I thought he was the devil. You know, there is this quote in the Book of Revelations that says: «Satan will appear in the last days as an angel of light.» And I thought: What have I done to cause this to happen? What sin have I committed that was this bad? And so I went through all of these things because I couldn't rationalize something that nobody could see, that only I could see, but that definitely had an effect on its surroundings.

So beginning in February, 1977, I went through an interesting two year study with Ramtha. We began by defining what God was, what the devil was, and then realizing that there was no such thing. And I had to accept that there was such beings that lived outside of the realm of human perception, and that they only appear to us when we are open enough to see them. And he would teach me while he was fascinated with my gas stove. He would be teaching me about quantum mechanics and the nature of the void while turning up the fire on the stove; and it would go up and down, and up and down. He thought it was terrific to have a box with instant fire and it was blue. He thought that was wonderful.

The impact that this teacher had on my children was quite dramatic. I have two sons that are two years apart, and they always knew that this being was around. When they were little children, they had a friend they called ghost . And they both saw this guy, and this guy always protected them and would leave footprints in the carpet. And we would say: «Isn't that sweet, you have a little ghost all of your own.»

Then Ramtha started teaching me how to leave my body and this was very interesting because it was like dying. And he said: «This is what your are going to experience the moment of death.» Well you can… now what would you do? He comes up to you and he says: «You are going to die, but it won't hurt. And it will only be a little while and then you are going to come back.» Now would you trust this guy? So, Ramtha gave me some words to say and a focus point. And he worked with me and he said: «This is how I used to leave my body … this is is how I developed the companionship with the wind.» So I would focus on these plastic vases in front of me that were sitting on the coffee table, and I am sitting on this chair and I would get to this point and nothing would happen. And he said: «You don't have to hold your breath to die, and you don't have to grip the chair! Just relax.»

So, I did it, again and again. And then all of a sudden I was chasing that light at the end of the tunnel, this wind was whizzing by me, and the moment I hit that light, so bright, I was up against a light wall. And I remember, I never saw Ramtha but I remembered him talking to me; his talk was really beautiful and loving. He said: «Now you are your true self at this moment. This moment is who you really are, and you've left your body behind.» And I noticed that in that moment I had no pain, I had no concept of weight, I had no concept of dimension because I had no body in order to define dimension, and I noticed that at that point I had no fear. I felt like that this was the most natural place, like a fish in the ocean. I felt like that this was my natural ocean. And then he brought me back and I noticed my body, my heart was beating very, very fast. And I noticed that it took a while for my body to just calm down. And it did because while I was gone, Ramtha put his energy into the body. He wore it for 45minutes and when he left it, I put it back on.

Miracle healing

So that began this incredible journey. And now, I am a housewife, I am making cherry pies, and I am a home room mother. I have football and baseball that I have to attend to every day after school, and now I am going to channel for people? I am going to die for an audience? And where am I going to do this? These were the things I was thinking about when my son Brandy came home. He had developed an allergic reaction to life. He was in 6th grade and was allergic to everything but water. He was even allergic to peanut butter. So Brandy had to have a special serum made. He had to have these shots twice a week and they were very uncomfortable. He'd just had a shot when he came home from school, just as I was about to try another out of body experience in my bedroom. He comes running in the house and he has a friend with him. He is all upset and he is crying because he's had an allergy attack at school and all the kids started making fun of him. His face and hands were very swollen and he had a rash all over his body. I immediately reach over for the telephone as I am going to call the doctor. Now the Ram is standing in the corner, and he says: «You don't need to do that, why don't you let his God heal him?»

So what do you do? Do you let God, or do you let Dr. Quigley? Who do you trust more? So, I just hung up and said fine. So the Ram instructed me to have him come sit in front of me. So I said, Brandy, come over here and sit. And sudden Brandy got really calm and he sat down. And he had a little pie face on him and his big swollen hands. And his friend was right behind him watching. And I told Brandy: Ramtha said close your eyes and repeat these words. So I put my hands on top of his hands, and the Ram told me what to say. And Brandy was in such pain that he was in total acceptance. So I gave him the prayer. He repeated it and when Brandy was finished and we opened our eyes, in less than a minute his face was normal and his hands were normal. It was so shocking to me that I didn't know what I was looking at. His friend just kept saying: Cool, that was cool, really cool, how did you do that? And I am just sitting there and I can't believe it. And Brandy gets up while he is looking at me and he looks at his hands, and he just runs to the mirror and he looks at himself and he just starts screaming, and jumping on the bed and making a scene. And I don't know what to say. I am so grateful, I am so touched and I am so astonished. This is better than doctor Quigley any day of the week.

Brandy in less than a minute was cured of every allergy that he had. And it was that miracle that was the turning point in my commitment to Ramtha and whatever he had in store for this work. It was this miracle that convinced me that whatever was happening in our life was beautiful, and godlike, and I was ready to dedicate my life to it. My son is alive and healthy today. He has no allergies, only a few complaints, but that's about all. So I am grateful because Ramtha is doing this great work.

Divinity in women

After that I said, what do I do and where do I sign up? And Ramtha said: With your permission, I want to use your body for a period of time. And I said what are you going to do with it? And he said, I am going to use it to teach. I asked him why he wanted to use my body. You are beautiful why don't you just come on out and show it how it is? And he said: It doesn't work that way. He said that people in this civilization are image prone and they are idol prone. They have been immersed in the Catholic tradition and they have been immersed in the Christian tradition. They believe God lives outside of them, instead of inside of them. They believe that God is a man. They believe that Christ was a man. They believe in images but not in themselves. So he said: I remain imageless, but I am going to teach through your body and every one knows it's your body. And I said: Yeah but I am a woman, I am a girl, I have, you know, «things». And he said, I know. Women are the most prejudiced group of people that have ever lived. Women have never been afforded the divine right of God, and they have no ally in Heaven. That's what he said. So women have been abused by men, and herded by men through religion to perform according to those religious doctrines, and in fact, women were despised by Jehovah. So, he said: «It is important that when the teachings come through, they come through the body of a woman.»

Now women will realize that God is both father, mother and neither. And that the Christ is not a man, but has been many men and now will be many women. And that to be a son of God is also to be a daughter of God. So the greatest quest is for women to take the equality of their divinity and utilize it without any encumbrances from any man. He said to tell a woman to go and look in the mirror and say now you are looking in the face of God is a challenge. Because they don't believe you. If you tell a woman to go and look in the face of God and you send them to a chapel and you have them look in the face of a suffering Jesus hanging on the cross, they believe you; but they don't believe in themselves. I understood that.

Ramtha wears my body in this lifetime and I loan it to him. And he wrinkles it differently than I do. And when he wears the garment he's actually got a whole band of energy around the body, and he is pressing a level of mind to my brain. And this is my brain, this is not his brain. This brain is being conditioned through my life. It works my vocal cords, and it works my body. And if he tells it to move this arm, this arm is going to move just like I move it. When he talks to you, he is going to be talking to you through my mouth. But it is not my words; it is his words. When he looks at you, you are going to know you got looked at. When he touches you, you are going to know you have been touched, and when he loves you, you are going to know you have been loved. And it isn't my body that is loving you, it is a divine consciousness that we all are.

RAMTHA's school of enlightenment

Ramtha has nearly 3,000 students in his school and these people, the advanced group, love him with such a passion. And yet most people have never seen Ramtha. But they love him, because he resonates to their viability. He is not undermining the Christian faith , the Jewish faith, or anything. He is simply demonstrating what God is in his Philosophy. And he will teach you a philosophy, but in this school with Ramtha, philosophy is not enough. He will initiate you so that truth becomes subjective instead of objective. So that when he tells you that God lives within you, and he shows you how to manifest that power and you manifest it, then you start to believe it. And so then your search for God ends and your quest for the journey inside begins.

Ramtha is a state of Consciousness. It is where all of us, including myself and the advanced students in this school, all want to go. And our idea of mastery is that we want to master our humanity, our limitations, and open our minds to new frontiers of potential and knowledge. And we want to learn how to take that knowledge and better our lives as well as every one else's lives. We are not a militia conspiring against the Government, you know? We are knocking on the door of Heaven. We are busy doing that.

We are not a cult, although we do love the sacred. And the sacred to us are those disciplines that we learn and those truths that we learn. And when it comes time to try to explain it to some one, there are some aspects of it that you can't tell people. And it isn't that you are trying to hide anything, it's just that there will come a time when you can never tell anybody anything, and they have to experience it, just like you are going to experience it. Ramtha's school is immersed in the sacred. There has never been anyone in this school that has ever been harmed. We don't worship the devil and we don't worship anything negative. We are in love with the Principle. And that principle is not Ramtha, but ourselves.

So as the original picker upper of this body, that's going to give it to Ramtha, I welcome you to Ramtha's class. It's taken a long time for my family, myself and these students to hold their dignity in the face of such outrageous opposition. And we are proud today to come together, to celebrate with you an option to meet an outrageous entity that, if you like what he says, will teach you how to become the master of your own destiny. Whether you learn it or not it is up to you. Whether you accept it or not it's up to you; nobody has to accept this. So, I welcome you to Ramtha's School of Enlightenment and I know you are going to have a great and wonderful day. Thank you.










02 RAMTHAs Speech             01-02-13.mp3

Greetings, my beautiful beginners. Let's have a drink. It's only water… and we do this to bring you back to remembering who made you, what life is about, and to be grateful for the day. And we start by saying…

— O my beloved God!
Of that which you are, I desire to know.
Make my life
— Useful.
Create in my life
The wonder that you are.
This day,
Open my mind,
Allow me to know,
Of that which you be.
So say I!
From the Lord God of my being.
So be it.
— To life!

Be seated. And welcome to that which is termed my audience. I am pleased to see that you've made it. Some of you will not make it… but for those of you that are here, welcome.

I want you to turn to your neighbor, who will be your partner for the next two days, and I want you to confess to them why you're here.

And Advanced Group, I want you to turn to your partner and explain to them your latest manifestation in your list or realization. You may begin.

And, oh, beginners, talking to your neighbor is a friendly way to get acquainted to the people beside you. So turn to them and introduce yourselves, and tell them why you are here.

Beginners, that's what you're called at this level. I want to talk to you before we begin the study. You may not like anything you see here. Indeed you are not going to be brainwashed although your brains could use some washing. You're not going to learn anything that you do not want to learn. No one is going to make you have knowledge that you refuse to have. And furthermore, no one is going to make you turn into anything that you don't want to turn into. Got it? Now…

What your conceptions are of this school are varied. But I want you to know that you are beginners. You have curiosities, you have beliefs, you face God, your ideal of God, differs with everyone of you. Some of you don't even know what your definition of God is. Your belief of the devil or evil, may or may not be there. It isn't in here, so it must be in there…

That which is termed your life is not going to change at all, unless you want it to.

Shortly you are going to be given an opportunity to leave here, to save your embarrassment, to save your fear. Because you should know that this is not a place where people are enslaved; you already are enslaved. This is not a place that is held beyond your convictions. You are free to leave. But I don't want you to leave until you know what you're leaving from.

What is RAMTHA?

What am I? Well, I'm not a ghost, and I'm not even a spirit. I'm not even a king. I am consciousness. You know? Personality. You know what you are? Do you believe you're going to survive your death, which you're going to have-some of you sooner than others. Do you believe you're going to survive death? Then what part of you is going to survive? Is it your body? Is it your memories? Maybe it's just your personality, whatever that is, that makes your body work.

If you believe you're going to survive death, your body won't survive it; it's corruptible. But then, the essence of what you are, you say, «I will live beyond the grave.»

Well, that's what I am. I am an I that lives beyond the grave. I lived as a man, just as today you are living as a woman or a man, I once was a man. I now live in spite of the time that I lived. And what is about me that has remained, is all that I was.

That which will remain of you, is all that you are, the sum total of what you are! So when you die, you're still going to have your prejudices, you're still going to have your fears. And you get in the afterlife exactly what you believe in. Believe means what you've consciously accepted, and you don't get anymore than that.

Well I am an entity who was a conqueror of sorts. And I believed in my own immortality. I hated God of my enemies, but I believed in my own immortality. For what I am, Ramtha, the enlightened one, is I am the survivor of my life; just as you are going to be the survivor of your life.

If you disqualify that I am, then you are going to disqualify that you will be. If you do not accept that this is possible, then how can you possibly believe that you are going to survive your death?

All I am is a living being, a consciousness. That consciousness uses this body, just like you're using yours. You see the brain, the brain doesn't think for itself, it has to have the spirit of consciousness to make it work. It's called life, don't you know?

And so what you think is so important about your little life, is just your little body, and it's dispensable. But what runs your life is immortal.

I use this body, because it is the being that I selected and I have worked this over centuries. I remembered this audience thousands of years ago in a dream, that one day people would become enlightened, no longer barbaric, murderous creatures, depraved, that one day they would become enlightened.

I dreamed this dream, therefore that which survived the centuries is this dream. This woman lived in my lifetime, as many of you have lived in my lifetime. All she is, is a vehicle for my mind. What you've come to learn then, is not about my image, not about what I look like, or don't look like, but what I am.

What you are going to learn is what I know. What do I know? A lot.

What you're coming here to learn is not to have a guru; I am not your guru. I am not your savior, I am not Jesus Christ. I am Ramtha, the Enlightened One. I am a teacher, a teacher in consciousness. What I am going to teach you is about immortality, and that immortality is interconnected with the fabled God that so few of you do not know.

Now, Ramtha, the Enlightened One, is not a spirit. I am a being, I am a mind. I am using this body. I have only used this body; I have used none other. I do not channel my mind through anyone else, only through this. It is a vessel I have selected. I have kept the teaching pure and not convoluted.

So, if my demeanor is abrasive to you, if you find that you do not believe in me, therefore you do not believe in what I am going tell you, you will have an opportunity to leave. I want you to know that leaving is not a shameful thing. It's a choice. If you feel you should not be here, you should not be here.

But understand this. I am not here to make an impression. I am not here to make an image, I am here to dissolve such things. And dissolve them I will in you, just as I did in me.

RAMTHA's school of enlightenment

I have created a school like none other in the world, on the world or above the world. Because such schools are not permitted to exist.

This school is about Gnostic thought, knowingness, and its parameters. This school is to say this: You are a human being, but what is your life is immortal. You have lived before multitudinous times, and you are going to live again. The quality of that life is based entirely upon your will. And your will is governed entirely by your knowledge, as frugal as it is.

This school is about unfolding the God in man and woman. Unfolding, that means developing. I am going to teach you what already is, it's just that you've never seen it. I am not teaching anything new; I am teaching what already is. What you're going to learn is called the teachings, and they are philosophic in nature. Philosophic, I say, because they're not the truth. Truth, that all important word that you hang so much on, you don't even know what it means! Truth is an experience of philosophy.

So everything you're going to hear today is philosophy, but it is not the truth. The truth will happen to each one of you individually. It may happen to you and not your neighbor; it may happen to your neighbor and not to you. Is it the truth if it happens to them and not to you? Truth, then, is subjective.

So the teachings are about teaching you all of the things that you don't know… outrageous things that you don't know. Expanding your mind and your inner vision to where it can no longer think, and then saying, now, this is knowledge.

Now I'm going to teach you how to live the knowledge, how to make it magic, how to experience it. Then when you experience the knowledge it will become truth, and only then. Then personalized truth we can call personal evolution.

What makes you wiser today than you were ten years ago? I say, what is it? What makes you smarter today than you were twenty years ago? Experience. Do you agree? How many of you agree?

Then, if experience makes you wiser, then it took knowledge and living to bring about that experience. That's what glorifies God.

Now, what if I say, «Let's take seven years. And in seven years, let's learn everything that is humanly possible to learn, in the form of outrageous, wonderful knowledge. And in that seven years, let's take that knowledge and manifest it.» Which means, let's declare it as life.

Healing

Instead of wishing you could heal people, the only reason you can't heal anyone is because you don't know how to heal them. How is the lack of knowledge; it's called ignorance.

The desire is beautiful, is it not? The desire to heal the cripple, is it not righteous? But when do you feel ashamed of yourself? When do you hand them their crutches? You hand it to them because you do not have the way to heal them. Because you do not have the knowledge, the experience and truth.

How many people in your family do you know? Maybe you wear glasses, maybe you can't hear very well. Maybe you have cancer, maybe you are plagued. You know someone who's bruised.

It isn't that God doesn't live in you that you can't heal them. God lives in you when you have compassion for them. But it is up to you to find a way to make your dream manifest.

Let us say, in less than seven years, you have the power of the healer, you have learned all of the knowledge of how to do it sacred knowledge, sacred science. Furthermore, you have practiced it multitudinous times. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't. But when it didn't, it was a lesson, a finesse of knowledge. You learned.

And then the more you do it, the more consistent you come in. And then one day you turn to your child, your mother, your father, to yourself, and you apply the knowledge; and behold, it happens.

That's what you're going to learn here.

Now, what about, what about those of you that have come here that are confused in your soul? How many of you want to be successes, but are flagrant failures? How many of you have a rampant rage in you? How many of you are unhappy? How do you cure that?

The cure to all of those is knowing who you are; «know thyself». Knowing who you are is no easy task. It requires dedication, perseverance, it declares itself in the form of initiation. To know who you are is to know God. It means that you dedicate your life to understanding.

(Tape change to Side 2).

When you know who you are, then you'll know why you're unhappy, you'll know why you have been a failure, you'll know why you have troubles in your life, and then you'll have the answer to resolve them.

Manifestation

What if you wanted the power to make a wish? How often have you said, «I wish I could do this». How many times in your quiet thoughts have you wanted something and were afraid to even tell your closest associate? If God lives in you, why doesn't that desire manifest? Why doesn't it come true? Why does the genie only live in myth and fable? Why can't it live in you?

What if I said to you, in seven years, much less, but in seven years, the master of that would be living well in you. That you would learn how, through a respectful science, to create reality. What if I said to you, that every dream you have ever wanted, you get to have. Nothing has kept it from you, except your own ignorance.

I say to you that this is outrageous philosophy. But to my masters in this school, it is their truth, they know it. They have the power to create dreams. So how many things would be resolved in your life if everything you wanted, you got.

And if God is evolution in nature, would not the very fact you want something indicate a lack in you of inexperience? So would not the want, scientifically, be eligible for manifestation, because it would mean that if you finally got it, you would be happy? Well, of course it does! If God lives in you, why doesn't that happen?

The great work

And if I say to you then, that the Great Work is not about your careers, and it's not about your family, your husband, your wife, your children; that the Great Work, the alchemist's work, is about turning you inside out.

In other words, learning everything you do not know and throwing into the crucible your ignorance, your limitation, your stubbornness and your conceit. And you throw it into the fire and you burn it up and you say, «— I want to know all of these things. I want to know what is in fable and legend. I want the power to heal my mother, my child, my lover. I want the power to do good for others. I want the mind that is capable for lofty thinking. I want my hand to touch someone and to reassure them, instead of touching them in fear. And most of all, I want to know everything I don't know.»

And if such a desire lives with in you nobly, then your life will not end tomorrow. Nor will it end when it is supposed to end. Because as long as you desire to know all that you do not know, your life will go on and on and on. For life is the reason for experience, don't you know?

And when you think you know it all, you know nothing. When you think you know all about your life, you know nothing; you start to die. Age, don't you know, is not about living. Age is the preparation for death! And you start growing old the moment you leave your childhood.

Children dream and imagine. They live in castles of thought They're interdimensional; they see what you cannot see. But the moment they become that which is termed adults, they no longer imagine and dream and hope. All they become is an educational machine that eats and labors, fights and wars over stupid things.

You really lived when you were children; all of you did. That was when you were the most powerful.

Age is about dying, not living. When you desire, then, to know everything there is to know, then you will start to live again. And your destiny, genetic as it seems, will be curtailed, for your life will be extended.

Don't you know that to glorify God is not to pray to God every day in some chapel to some statue? Don't you know that God lives inside of you? And that the greatest cathedral is your mind? And the altar of forgiveness is your heart and soul? Don't you know that God's destiny for you is to be all you can be? And who determines that, pray tell?

Who? Who knows what you're going to be? Most of your future is already sealed, the hour of your death is known. But who knows all you can be? The only one who knows that is you, none other. Now, I ask you, my beginners, what can you not know? What can you not know? Eh? Turn to your neighbor and answer them.

You know what you're going to know? What you want to know. That's it! That's all there is!
«I don't want to know what happens to me after I die. I don't want to know!» So be it! You are not going to know it.

«I don't want to know about certain things.» So be it! They will always be forbidden, you will never have the experience of them, because you don't want to know. That's how it works.

Now, if you were really wise, you would have said, «I can know anything». So be it. Now, we come to will. What do you want to know? And if you say, «Master, I want to know it all.» Then that is the journey of the Great Work. And that's what this school is about.

What you will learn

You think our school is about doing séances, do you? (Laughs heartily) You think our school is about worshipping a guru? Foolish man. You think our school is about worshipping the devil? Never show your ignorance in such a fashion.

School is about gnosis, knowing. It is about declaring that God does not live in heaven. That God is not a man, and he does not have a long gray beard. That God, that is not even Jehovah, that pitiful creature. God is not Jehovah, no God lives in Jehovah; God lives in you. That's why you're here on earth. That's why you lived before. Because your soul is apart of the Great Soul, and that your mind is the adventurer with wings, that dreams that brings creation into reality.

We are learning here about physics, quantum mechanics, neurosciences. We are learning about central nervous system, about the nerve cell. We are learning about neurotransmitters, dreams. We are learning about psychic states. We are learning about astral states, we are learning how to be one mind, we are learning to send and receive. We are learning to read your thoughts and we do them quite well. We are learning to see without eyes. We are learning to heal ourselves, we are learning to heal others. We are learning to be the mind that is essentially the immortality of oneself.

We are not ignorant, we do not sing hymns praising God. We do not preach about the Second Coming. We do not talk about the devil and how bad he is. We do not talk about anything so foolish as to terrify children in their dreams. We are here about life.
Now everything I have just said to you, the Advanced Students that joined you this weekend, at least one of them can do.

I have students in this school that have healed themselves of terrible diseases, maladies. I have students who can see through blindfolds. I have students who can read your mind. I have students who can find what you hide. I have students who leave their bodies. I have students that love the nature of God. So what I teach is a truth.

Consciousness & energy

Now. Contemplate this. The cornerstone of this school, then, beginners, is a concept called Consciousness and Energy. What did I say?

Now we say Consciousness and Energy are two forces, one is thought and the other is energy. Energy is what activates the thought, giving it a plural term called Consciousness.

So Consciousness and Energy are inextricably combined. Meaning, the thought is a doer. And when we say Consciousness and Energy creates the nature of reality, we are simply saying that everything that you see in the natural world came from thought and energy.

And if you don't believe that, you should talk to a biologist about evolution. You should ask why your little toe is getting smaller. You should ask why a chameleon changes color in his environment. It came about through the conscious desire to do so. And since you don't swing from tress anymore. We don't need the little toe to be such a gripper thumb. Now it looks nice in sandals. Don't you know why the ancient civilizations wore sandals? To show off their little toe. It was a sign that they had evolved! (Laughs)

Now Consciousness and Energy creates reality, then nature… nature is the storm of subatomic particles manifesting in that which is termed solidity. And they're manifesting because they were thought into existence.

So the cornerstone of this school, of the Great Work says that Consciousness and Energy creates the nature of the reality. Now say it.

What is real, I say to you? «Well», you say, «what is real is what I can see and smell and taste and hear». I say back, if that's real, then what made it smell and visual and chime and feel? What made it?

«Why I don't know!» Consciousness made it. What causes subatomic particles to formulate, what causes the wave of energy to contract to particle form. What causes that, hm? What causes electrons around atoms? Why do some atoms have more electrons than others? And what happens when an electron pops out of an atomic orbit? Why, if it pops out of an atomic orbit, don't you understand, that its magnetic base is changed, therefore its character is changed, so what would have been red is now blue? (laughs) do you like it?

Now. In this school we say that reality is your life, and that you're responsible for it And that we can forgive you prior to coming to school… And that we forgive your ignorance, and your silliness, and your foolishness, and your judgment and your arrogance and your abusiveness and all of that slimy stuff you did before; that's forgivable. After you start to school, we change our mind!

When you cry and moan about your life in this school, we go, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, you should know better. If you have something happen to you that makes you unhappy, we go, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, now why did you create that? And you say to yourself, but I didn't create this! Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk, yes you did!

What is mind?

So reality, then, that enigmatic word, let's bring it down to personal self. It's about your life. Your reality is everyone in your family; that's your reality, at least genetically. Reality is about everyone that you have kissed, hugged, embraced, spat upon, talked to, cursed at. Your reality is about everything you own, everything you don't own, but remember owning. Your reality is about your debts. It's about your dreams, it's about your personality. It's your phobias. That's reality.

So if consciousness and energy is the creator of reality, then we can say Consciousness, the stream of consciousness on the human brain creates, in the final analysis, what is called the mind.

The mind as it were is that which is termed an astral projection unidentified by molecular structures of the interaction between thought and neuron. And that the mind, then, is responsible for being called the observer. And the observer is what is responsible in collapsing energy into particles. So says science.

So then, you created your life by your mind, the way you think. So if your life is miserable, wretched and unhappy, that's because that's how you think and that's what you expect to happen. If your life is full of doubt and fear, it's because of how you think. Fear is your energy.

If your life is about progressiveness and joy, that's because that's how you are. If you have the healing touch it's because you are humbly compassionate; that's the way you think. So the way you think has created your life.

Now. This begs the question, «But master, does that mean then that I chose my life?» No, it means it's the one you were sucked into. Because what you were before you came into this life is equal to the life you have now. It's a force called magnetism. So who are you today? You are the sum total of everything you've ever thought.

Now. Hold on. Man didn't make the trees. He plants the seeds, but he didn't make the seed. Something else made the seed; a thought made the seed. And the seed came about and through its environment it changed and changed and changed and became the oak. In a million years, the oak will have a different ancestor, for it will have changed its life through living it.

If we increase your knowledge, if we say to yourself, why don't you love who you are? If we say to you these questions and then you begin the work of learning and loving; if I say to you a dream will manifest, and we go to work and it does; then we're going to change you.

Instead of feeling helpless, caught in this genetic body and that's what it is, this genetic bag of chemicals instead of blaming it for your life, stop blaming and change your point of view. And the bag of chemicals will go along and serve you in the journey.

In this school, then, everyone who comes says, my philosophy is that I believe that God lives within me, and that that's what life is all about. And furthermore, I believe that the reason that God gave me a brain was so I could develop a mind.

Why a mind? Because in order for a mind to be developed, the brain has to put together holographic pictures of thought and sight. Those constitute the mind. The mind, in turn in the invisible, is responsible for that which is termed physical things happening. Things of my choice happening. I believe that this is the action of God. That my life is not to simply become stagnant, but to learn the art of dreaming. I want to dream new levels of thought, and I know that those levels of thought will manifest in my life. My experience of that manifested thought is to the glory of God. I have made known the unknown.

I believe then, that instead of my body being crucial to my life, I now believe it is my mind that is crucial to my life. If I gain knowledge, and discipline myself towards that change, then I will have changed my life in evolution. It is my belief. And some of this is my truth, because I have experienced this. These measure of experience have given me the confidence to go on.

I fully expect one day to be a master. What is a master? One who has mastered every level of ignorance in their life, who has mastered doubt and negativity. I am one who has become my own self. That is the master.

So in this school, that's the premise you start with. A new philosophy, always guarded at first, and then slowly experiencing it and becoming empowered by it.

What is life? After you leave here, during your breaks, at night, is your life. How does this school tie into that? This school is going to make that life change. How are you to live it? The way you've learned to live it.

In this school you are only required to see me twice a year: these two days and then seven days, and that's all. That's all you have to come. I assure you in seven days I can teach you more than you have learned in an entire lifetime.

Not only can I teach you that, I can initiate you into it: I am going to show you that you see without eyes. I am going to show you can dream a dream and it will manifest. I'm going to teach you the sacred knowledge.

Now what happens after seven days? Go back home, go back home. Go back to work. But get up in the morning and create your day, as I taught you to. And when the challenges come during the day, instead of meeting them with opposition or hate or bitterness, or anger or despise or judgment, meet them with a new mind, and I swear to you they will change. And the glory of your life will soon be seen. And every day is an enfoldment of what you're going to learn. And it is up to you to assure that every day unfolds according to the way you've learned it to be, because that's your gift.

Then you're going to run out of steam, and then you'll have to come back and see me.

When you come back, I'll teach you well. Not to be a follower, you cannot possibly follow me where I go, but to be that which is termed your own follower, one who does as you think. And then you will learn more, and more and more and more. And the more you learn, the greater you're going to become.

Now is this easy? No its not easy. Look! You're sitting on the floor; that should be a clue. Now, wasn't Jesus born in a manger?

Sitting on the floor, it's a sign of humility. It's a sign of being back to nature, close to the earth. It is coming down from your humanistic point of view.

This student that learns the Great Work is going to do many wonderful things.

The advanced students

I want you to look around first at the Advanced Students that have joined you this weekend. Now these students are at different levels of learning. They have what is called the Primary Group. They are at the headwaters of this school, they are the senior group. Then we have the secondary group, and then we have a group called Iaut Aleph; they are the newcomers, already great into the work. So there are different levels of people here that have joined you. I would like them to stand up so that you can see just how many came to support you this weekend.

Now. Out of this group I want you to take a look at them. I'm going to ask certain questions and they're going to stand up so that you can see what they're doing.

Now. Out of everyone standing up, how many of you have manifested a dream; those of you who haven't, sit down. Of those of you standing up, how many of you have healed yourself or someone else? Of those of you standing up, how many of you have sent a thought to someone else, or they to you, and you have received it properly? How many of you have seen without eyes? You may be seated.

The C&E breath technique

Now the last thing I'm going to tell you this morning before I give you an opportunity to leave, if you wish, is something that always scares everyone. I'm going to have the Advanced Group show you the discipline called C&E. And what is that? Well, when you went to church, you were asked to get on your knees and to pray to God. Perhaps you did it beside your bed at night. In the Great Work there is a different beginning process that brings unity and oneness to the mind. It's called the raising of body energy to the brain. And the way that that is accomplished is through the breath, and sitting in what is called the triad, some call it the lotus.

When these students do this, they're going to cover their eyes, and in their mind, they're going to erase everything having to do with you, because they've been taught to do that. And all they're going to think about is the energy sitting at the base of their spine. In another thought, that is called the Kundalini.

What they are going to do is that they are focusing on this energy with their entire brain. When they do, the energy stirs in their body. When they use the breath, they're going to blow like this. (He demonstrates the breath.) That breath is the breath of the will. The will can be tangibly seen in the breath. And when they blow (demonstrates the breath) they are willing the energy inside of their body to move to their brain. Up the brain stem, up to that which is termed the mid-brain area, through a door called the thalamus, into the frontal lobe; this area right here.

And the reason they want to do that, is that they want to change the frequency of their brain waves. When they do, they can put a vision right here in the frontal lobe and it will happen. But this discipline that I'm going to teach you today and tomorrow, is how I'm going to teach you how to manifest something you want in your life, straight away. And you're going to learn how to do this.

Now, this is outrageous and embarrassing. People will be spitting, blindfolded, they're ignoring you! But I want you to see, if God lives within us, how we make contact.

Now I'm going to pick some people to come up on stage for you to look at. And everyone else that's here, can turn around and see, because I'm going to have them surround you. Now, I'm going to have them surround you.

Now I want you to judge them, because you're going to do that. Why? Because this is what you don't know. And your tendency to what you don't know is that it must be bad. So I want you to look at them, because you're going to learn how to do this.

And we talk about collapsing the wave function into particle solidity, this is how we to do it. After this is over with, you're going to have a break. During that time you will have an opportunity to gather your belongings, go to the back of the room, and see a master general, and check out. And then when I come back, we start the study of the Great Work, of those of you that are left.

So now I beg your indulgence, I would like to select some students to come up on stage so that you can criticize.

(Ramtha selects the Advanced Students to go to the stage and surround the beginners in the aisles.)

Now they look like normal people, don't they? At least, that's what you'll say later. «They look so normal». They are. But they're extraordinarily beautiful, mentally and spiritually. Now I want you to watch what they do, because I'm going to teach you to do it. When they put their blindfolds down, and making this little sign, starting up here, they're creating themselves in a triad. They are recognizing the holy trinity of God. The blindfolds turn their attention away from you to the within, where God resides. And you're going to see the will they exhibit in moving energy to the frontal lobe.

Now, keep in mind, these people have done miraculous things. With this little thing that they're going to show you that they know how to do, they have healed, left their bodies, they are psychically attuned, they can read your thoughts, they can find things hidden, blindfolded. These beings that are sitting up here are wonderful masters in this school, and they represent it very well.

Now, I've selected a peppering of them, so some of you will like the way some look and won't like how others look, so that you get to judge them. Now I want you just to be quiet and watch everything that they do.

(To the people on the stage) I love you. (To the general audience) Remember, what they are doing here is they are moving energy to their brain. They are changing brain frequency for the dream. And the reason for the dream is to create reality. Let's do it.

(Discipline is engaged)

So be it!

Bow your beautiful heads, close your eyes and slowly remove your blinders, very slowly.

This is how they have changed their life. This is what they first learned to do. This is indeed how they focus their mind. And when you know a lot more, you'll understand the importance of the discipline of concentration, of holding a thought. What it means to go within and to release yourself. To release yourself, to allow that which is termed your internal energy to fly to your head.

All of these war cries you heard, these people shaking, they are surrendering to their energy. That uncontrolled yell that comes forth from within them, that comes from their spirit. That is unlimited and unleashed.

There is no need for alcohol or drugs in this school. There is no need for any side stimulation. God has given everything to you to go within to find that. When they are stimulated, and the energy is moving in their body, and their hands are very hot, they do wonders. When they start out, if they are tired, when they are finished they are filled with vital energy. Their body is radiating, because they have released the natural within them. Some would call that the super-natural.

As you sit, controlled and uncomfortable watching this I wanted you to feel uncomfortable want you to see how different you feel from these people. And perhaps yours is a more correct manner, there is a place for that. But if we are to develop God, you must put aside all hypocrisy. You must put aside and all of that fear of ridicule and allow it to come within us.

The reason they do wonders that you only dream of, is because they have learned to release what is already there. I did not put it there. It was there when they came into this life, but it's been buried, hidden.

I invite you now, before we close this session, I encourage you, as it were, to talk to the people on stage and around you, to engage them in conversation. Ask them questions. It's important that you feel comfortable with what your going to learn.

If you don't feel comfortable with what you learned, you get to leave. But before we progress any further, I want you to experience the people that you've just witnessed. I invite you to engage them now.