Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Living Dead Girl" is the second single from Rob Zombie's solo debut Hellbilly Deluxe. It was named after Jean Rollin's 1982 film. The line, "Who is this irresistible creature who has an insatiable love for the dead?" in the beginning of the song is from the trailer of the film, Lady Frankenstein. The music in the beginning of the song is taken from the trailer of the Wes Craven film, The Last House on the Left. In this song, Zombie sings, "Goldfoot's machine creates another fiend so beautiful they make you kill". This relates to the villain played by Vincent Price in the 1965 film Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine and the 1966 film Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs. Also, he sings "Operation Filth they love to love the wealth of an SS whore making scary sounds." This is possibly a reference to the notorious 1974 film Ilsa: She-Wolf of the SS.

The song also appears on Rob Zombie's Past, Present & Future, the greatest hits album The Best of Rob Zombie, and a remix is contained on American Made Music to Strip By. The original mix was featured in both Bride of Chucky and Gus Van Sant's Psycho remake, appearing on the album of the latter, the "Naked Exorcism Mix" appeared on the The Crow: Salvation Soundtrack in 2000. The song was covered by Sinus Giddy for The Electro-Industrial Tribute to Rob Zombie in 2002. Also a version of the song is played in a club in the TV show Angel, while the character Faith tears apart a dance club. The sleeve for the CD single features an image Rob Zombie's wife Sheri Moon.

A trance remix of the song also featured on the English trailer for the film Day Watch in late 2007.

Hellbilly Deluxe (sometimes referred to by its full title Hellbilly Deluxe: 13 Tales Of Cadaverous Cavorting Inside The Spookshow International) is the debut solo album by the former White Zombie singer Rob Zombie, released on August 25, 1998. The album's title is a play on the Dwight Yoakam album Hillbilly Deluxe. Zombie's debut effort met with considerable success, peaking at #5 on the Billboard 200 album chart, and featured numerous popular singles, in particular, "Dragula" and "Living Dead Girl."

The album features the heavy guitar/bass and twisted, often violent horror themes of White Zombie, but it also reveals elements unique to Rob Zombie's solo career. For example, songs often feature a more danceable groove and electronic sounds/vocal overdubbing. In October 1999, Rob Zombie released a Hellbilly Deluxe remix album, American Made Music to Strip By.

On September 14th 2009 it was announced that Rob Zombie would embark on the Hellbilly Deluxe 2 Tour, which is in support of his 2010 album "Hellbilly Deluxe 2: Noble Jackals, Penny Dreadfuls and the Systematic Dehumanization of Cool" which is stated to be a companion to the original album as per his website.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/