Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Up on the Ridge" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dierks Bentley. It was released to radio on April 12, 2010, and serves as the lead-off single to his fifth studio album, also titled Up on the Ridge.

The song is an uptempo bluegrass tune in which the narrator wants to kiss his lover when he gets high up on the ridge.

Sam Gazdziak of The 9513 gave the song a "thumbs up" review, saying the song "coasts by on style over substance," but calling it "interesting." Country Weekly  critic Jessica Phillips, in her review of the album, said that "the song's energetic spirit and banjo-supported melody should be a shot in the arm for country music."

The song debuted on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs charts at #59 during the week of May 1, 2010. It also debuted at #41 on the Canadian Radio & Records Country Singles chart for the week of June 13, 2010. It also debuted at #1 on the U.S. Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart for the week of June 24, 2010.

Up on the Ridge is the fifth studio album by American country music artist, Dierks Bentley, released on June 8, 2010, via Capitol Records Nashville.

Unlike Bentley's previous work, Up on the Ridge is a bluegrass-influenced album, mixed with country and Americana. It features many collaborations, including The Del McCoury Band, Alison Krauss and Miranda Lambert. Via his website, Bentley explained the reason behind Up on the Ridge, saying: “This album won’t come as a surprise to my hard core fans, they've asked me: ‘when are you going to make a bluegrass record?’ And I was just waiting for the right time. I didn’t want this to be ‘Dierks Bentley and friends’ or a ‘Dierks does bluegrass’ kind of album. I wanted each song to have something special about it, and in the end I think each song really does have its own thing going on.”

In an interview with Billboard Magazine, Capital Records Nashville president and CEO Mike Dungan commented on Up on the Ridge saying that "The album was supposed to be a side project, but it's grown into something much more....He had a real sense of direction and made a vehicle for people to hopefully discover this music"

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

