Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Love Don't Live Here" is the solo debut single of American country music trio Lady Antebellum. Although the group had charted along with pop artist Jim Brickman on his 2007 single "Never Alone", this song serves as Lady Antebellum's first release to country radio. It was written by the group's three members (Dave Haywood, Hillary Scott, and Charles Kelley), and features Kelley on lead vocals. The song peaked at #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts dated for the week of June 14, 2008.

The song is part of the tracklist for Now That's What I Call Country.

"Love Don't Live Here" is a mid-tempo in which Charles Kelley sings lead vocals. Accompanied by electric guitar and mandolin runs, the song finds the narrator addressing a former lover who has showed up at his door. He tells her that, although she is "passing through to claim [her] lost-and-found", he has forgotten about her, and is not open to her forgiveness. This sentiment is explained in the chorus:

    "I've been doin' fine without you
    Forgettin' all the love we once knew
    Girl, I ain't the one who slammed that door
    Now you say you've changed your thinkin'
    But I ain't got a heart for breakin'
    So go and pick your bags up off my floor
    'Cause love don't live here anymore"

The song's music video was filmed and released in December 2007.

Kelley describes the song as follows: "I really felt like we found our sound on this song, and I was really proud that it became our first single since it was one of the first songs that the three of us wrote together."

At the 51st Grammy Awards, "Love Don't Live Here" received a nomination for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. The group itself was nominated for Best New Artist as well.

Lady Antebellum is the self-titled debut album by the American country music trio Lady Antebellum. It was released on April 15, 2008. Its lead-off single, "Love Don't Live Here" was released in late 2007 and entered Top 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in May 2008. A second single, "Lookin' for a Good Time", was issued in June 2008, and peaked at #11. "I Run to You" followed as the third single from the album in January 2009, and became and the groups first number-one single on the Hot Country Songs chart in July 2009.

The album has debuted at #1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts and #4 on the overall Billboard Top 200 charts. It was the first time that an album by a new duo or group debuted at #1 on Top Country Albums in its first week of release.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

