             USB Block - Prevent theft of your data! 
 USB Block is a data leak prevention tool that prevents leakage and copy of your data to USB Drives, External Drives, CDs/DVDs or other such portable devices. Once installed, USB Block lets you block all such drives and devices that do not belong to you. With USB Block, you can share your PC with anyone without fear of data theft. USB Block also lets you create a list of devices and drives you authorize with a password so that only your USB drives or CDs can be accessed on your computer.

 
What is USB Block?
 

USB Block is a data leak prevention software that helps you prevent copy of your data to USB drives and CDs/DVDs that do not belong to you. It is a permission based software, once installed, the program asks you to set and confirm a password which it uses to allow access to your own USB drives, External drives, CDs, DVDs etc., while blocking every other drive. This prevents illegal copy, leakage and duplication of your private files and folders.

 

In addition to data leak prevention, USB Block also prevents spread of viruses and malware by not letting malicious USB Drives, CDs and DVDs access your PC without your permission (password). The program also blocks unauthorized network computers & non-system drives, keeping malicious activity as far away from your computers as possible. If you use your computer at home or have several PCs in your office, installing USB Block on every computer is your ticket to safe computing.

 

USB Block prompts for a password every time an external device is accessed. If you enter the correct password, the program allows full access to that drive, however if you deny access, no file can be copied or leaked from your PC to that drive. The program also maintains a list of authorized devices for you so that you won’t be prompted for the password next time. This way, you can allow access and transfer data to your own drives while continue to block others.

 

USB Block is unique not only because it offers data leak prevention by blocking all drives, devices, ports and slots from which data can be leaked; but because it blocks devices even in Safe Mode, making it impossible for hackers to copy data from your computer. Furthermore, the Program Files folder of USB Block and all the files contained in it are delete proof i.e., no one can delete and uninstall the program without your permission (password). 

 

USB Block also monitors and keeps a record of what devices have tried to access your PC by whom and when. Additionally the program also monitors and keeps a log of illegal program deletion attempts, unauthorized uninstall attempts as well as invalid password attempts.

 

Furthermore, you can also activate Stealth Mode to prevent from being discovered. USB Block works perfectly on all 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows 2008 Server, Windows XP, Windows 2000 and Window 2003 Server.
Features and Benefits
 

 Data Leak Prevention: USB Block is a data leak prevention software. It prevents your data from getting leaked out to USB drives and other such storage devices by letting you control which device can access your computer while blocking all other unauthorized devices that do not belong to you. With USB Block installed on your computer, you can feel safe that your data will remain on your PC safe and secure.

 

 Copy Protection: The program uses an advanced level of data leak prevention technology that does not permit duplication of your important files and copyright material to any USB drive or other such storage devices without your permission. The program works by blocking all types of unauthorized storage devices like USB drives, external drives, CDs, DVDs, etc., in this way it prevents plagiarism, piracy, illegal distribution and copying of your data.

 

 Block USB Drives: USB Block doesn’t allow any type of USB drive to access your computer unless you authorize it. By default, all types of USB drives are blocked including external drives, FireWire, Enhanced mini-USB, Host Controller Interface (HCI), HP-IL, Com, LPT, IrDA, USB on-the-go, U3, EHCI, RAID Controller, Host adapter, Serial Cable (use with data transfer), Serial ATA, ACCESS.bus and any storage device that is attached to USB port showing a drive in the system.

 

 Block Memory Cards & iPods: The program also blocks SD Cards, MMCs, Memory Sticks, Digital Cameras, Memory Cell Phones, iPods, Blackberry, Android and Other Mobile Phones.

 

 Block Media & Blu-ray Discs: The application also blocks any disc that uses the disk hub, bay, combo or CD/DVD drive and allots a drive letter, for example; CD-R, CD-RW, CD-RAM, DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD-RAM, HD-R, HD-RW, HD-RAM, Blu Ray-R, Blu Ray-RW, Blu Ray-RAM, Floppy Disk A, Floppy Disk B and Zip Drives.

 

 User Friendly Graphical Interface: USB Block is an easy to use data leak prevention software with a user friendly graphical interface. It does not complicate its users with technical jargon rather it provides them an easy way to block unauthorized devices from accessing their data. 

 

 Patent Pending Protection: USB Block uses multi-layer patent pending protection that works on Windows Kernel Level and block unauthorized and malicious devices from accessing your data even in Safe Mode.
