   POTHS   Pouring Out The Holy Spirit


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.



POTHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POTHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POTHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POTHS Everywhere -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POTHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POTHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POTHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POTHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypucritical Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POTHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POTHS -- Pouring Out Terrible Health & Sickness --

Thank you for the POTHS suggestions. Type POTHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at 

 POTHS - Jesus of Nazareth

Titles -- -- --
Jesus of Nazareth

Description -- -- --
A reverent depiction of the life of Christ using the Gospel accounts.

Starring -- -- --
Claudia Cardinale --  Laurence Olivier -- James Mason -- Tony Lo Bianco -- Anthony Quinn -- James Earl Jones -- Christopher Plummer -- Valentina Cortese -- Stacy Keach -- Donald Pleasence --  Ernest Borgnine -- Robert Powell -- Anne Bancroft -- James Farentino -- Franco Zeffirelli -- Ian McShane

Runtime -- -- --
6 hrs 24 mins

Genre -- -- --
Television

Synopsis -- -- --
Passion, beauty, and brilliant storytelling are all on display in this six-hour-plus epic from Italian director Franco Zeffirelli. Robert Powell is superb in the title role, and with the...  Passion, beauty, and brilliant storytelling are all on display in this six-hour-plus epic from Italian director Franco Zeffirelli. Robert Powell is superb in the title role, and with the overwhelming success of this TV movie throughout the world, has perhaps become what Jesus looks like in many people's minds. The story begins with the arrangements of the wedding between Joseph and Mary, and chronicles the nativity, the encounter with John the Baptist (a ferocious Michael York) and everything up to the crucifixion and resurrection. This film is beautifully shot on actual locations, with haunting music by Maurice Jarre and an all-star cast, including Anne Bancroft, Laurence Olivier, Ian Holm, Earnest Borgnine, Peter Ustinov, James Mason, Anthony Quinn, Rod Steiger and Christopher Plummer. Zeffirelli has created a thorough, but never dull or dogmatic, retelling of the story, and the result is a uniquely transcendental film that holds the power to inspire no matter what the viewer's beliefs or background.[/color]



I am using a SEED BOX that uploads at rates of 2mb/s per leecher. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address perf029c.xirvik.net. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download bandwidth. This server has 40 times the bandwidth of my Comcast.



The Worlds Governments run by The Banksters that are empowered by Lucifer are The True Terrorists

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html
 
Seed long and Prosper.  

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




           'thankyou'            'thankyou'            'thankyou'