This is the upgrade you’ve been waiting for! CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X5 makes everyday tasks faster and easier, delivering new time-savers that help you create with confidence. Check out the 10 most compelling reasons to upgrade your graphics software today.

New! Built-in Content Organizer
This is the upgrade you’ve been waiting for! CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X5 makes everyday tasks faster and easier, delivering new time-savers that help you create with confidence. Check out the 10 most compelling reasons to upgrade your graphics software today.

New & Enhanced! Web Graphics and Animation Tools
Create Web graphics and animations more efficiently than ever with new features, such as a Pixels mode that shows exactly how your content will display online, and a new Web animation tool. Plus, a new Export Dialog box now lets you compare file formats before export, so you can optimize your settings to achieve the highest file quality.

Enhanced! Corel® PowerTRACE™
Convert your bitmap images into high-quality vector objects with even more precision and smoothness, thanks to the greatly enhanced Corel PowerTRACE. This version of PowerTRACE provides the best tracing results yet.

Enhanced! Optimal Speed and Performance
Complete your tasks faster with powerful performance enhancements that leverage multi-core processing to maximize your computer’s power. This latest edition is optimized for Windows® 7 and offers new touch-screen support, as well as support for Windows Vista® and Windows® XP

New! Completely Re-designed Color Management Engine
Control color consistency across different media and generate a distinct color palette for each document. A new color management engine introduces greater color accuracy, plus support for new color profiles from PANTONE®. Minimize your ecological footprint and reduce costly reprints by knowing that your colors are accurate before you print.

New & Enhanced! Visual Communication Tools
Create compelling print and online materials with a powerful set of new and enhanced drawing, bitmap-to-vector tracing, diagramming, artistic media and text tools. It’s all the graphics software you need for effective visual communication.

Enhanced! Market-leading File Compatibility
Re-purpose and share your creations anywhere with broad file compatibility. Dozens of supported file formats, including PDF, JPG, PNG, EPS, AI, TIFF, PSD and DOCX, let you import and export files with other graphics software efficiently.

New & Enhanced! Responsive Drawing Tools
In response to user feedback, we’ve introduced the option to lock toolbars in place, expanded your printing options, and made improvements to the Eyedropper, Mesh Fill and other popular drawing tools.

New & Enhanced! Expert Insights and Engaging Learning Materials
Get more design insights with new and updated video tutorials, engaging learning materials and a visually rich, online guidebook that contains new articles from experts. (A hard cover, full-color, printed guidebook is available with the box version.) Be inspired to do more than you thought possible!

New & Enhanced! High-value Digital Content
Enrich your designs with over 1,000 professional fonts, including Helvetica®, Garamond® and Frutiger® fonts for the first time ever. Plus, take advantage of high-value digital content, such as premium clipart, royalty-free photos and vehicle templates. Give your work a professional finish without spending extra time and money— you’ll find all the graphics software and resources you need right here! 