The series revolves around Hank Moody, a charming ladies' man of a writer and novelist plagued by personal demons. He blames his years-long case of writer's block on a variety of reasons, ranging from the hedonism of Los Angeles to his girlfriend Karen leaving him. Hank constantly deals with the consequences of his lack of will to say "no" to available drugs, sex and alcohol, while trying to show his family that he can be a good, responsible caring father to Becca and a monogamous partner to Karen.
The show was renewed for a second season on September 7, 2007.[4] The season 1 finale, titled "The Last Waltz", originally aired on Showtime on October 29, 2007. Season 2 began filming in April 2008,[5] and was underway as of June 2008.[6] The premiere episode of season 2 aired September 28, 2008. The first season was released on DVD in the US on June 17, 2008. Showtime renewed Californication for a third season,[7] which premiered on Sunday September 27, 2009 at 10PM.

Season 3 (September 27-December 13, 2009)[7] began where Season 2 ended, with the key elements including Hank becoming a teacher, his ongoing relationship with his daughter Becca, and the various shenanigans he gets into when he is set loose on a college campus.
The focus of Hank's relationship with Becca moved from friendly to decidedly more moody as she progresses through her teenage years. Hank continued his battle with his inability as a father as he watched his daughter become more like him than he wanted. This was mixed with various relationships with women of differing ages that complicated his relationship with his long-time love Karen.
In the season finale, Hank has recurring nightmares in which he is afloat in a pool, drinking heavily and talking to the women he has recently slept with, who are naked and swimming around him. Karen and Becca are on the side of the pool. In reality, Mia returns to Hank's home and offers the family an invitation to go to the media launch of the paperback version of her book. At the after-party, Hank meets Mia's new boyfriend, who is also her manager. He knows of the history between Mia and Hank and offers Hank a way out by coming clean to the press about the novel and how it came about. However, Hank is unwilling to do so as it will affect Karen and Becca. Upon another meeting, the two men break into a fight, after which Mia's boyfriend threatens to call the police. Hank leaves and goes home to Karen and tells her "something", and Karen breaks down uncontrollably. The argument breaks out onto the street; and, as Hank attempts to console the still-hysterical Karen, a police car arrives on the scene. Two officers step out of the car; and, when one of them grabs Hank from behind, Hank lashes out and hits him. He is then bundled into the back of the car as Becca runs to try and stop the police. He is taken away, leaving Becca and Karen alone on the street. The final scene shows a dream sequence of Hank in the pool again, drinking out of the bottle. He falls from his seat and drops his drink; and the last shot shows Hank sinking, with the bottle remaining in shot.

Source - DvDRiP

Encoded using Handbrake..

Please seed atleast 1:1 & remember to leave comments on the quality..