I would highly recommend the purchase of this album to anyone who is a fan of hip-hop, conscious hip hop in particular, fans of soul music, or to fans like myself of the prolific Dr. West. The guest artists alone are reason enough to buy this album. You don't know what conscious hip-hop is until you hear the work of these Black Men Who Mean Business.

The following description is from: 
 
http://www.cornelscorner.com/ 

where you can hear the album streamed and link to purchase this album from Hidden Beach Forum.

About Dr. Cornel West

Dr. Cornel West is a professor of religion and African American studies at Princeton University and is considered one of America’s most gifted, provocative, and important public intellectuals. He has won numerous awards, including the American Book Award, and has received more than 20 honorary degrees. In his scholarly work, he has authored more than 17 books including the best-selling Race Matters which has sold nearly 400,000 copies to date and continues to influence a national dialogue on race. A political theorist who’s worked on presidential bids by Bill Bradley, Al Sharpton and now Barack Obama, West has also been involved with such projects as the Million Man March and Russell Simmon’s Hip Hop Summit. He continues to be an integral part of social change as well as a driving force in pop culture. He has appeared in both The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions playing one of the elders, Councilor West while also providing philosophical commentary on all three Matrix films in The Ultimate Matrix Collection. He is a widely sought after public speaker, guest commentator on many national television programs and an integral part of social change in bringing back the essence of Black music with a ‘real’ purpose. He has, without question, earned his place in American history as one of the greatest public intellectuals of our time.

About BMWMB

Mike Dailey and Clifton West are the duo serving as supporting cast to the movement of Dr. Cornel West to inform and empower the African American community through hip hop, R&B, Spoken Word and Rap as well as mentoring, uplifting and truth telling in our community. Mike Dailey, writer and co-producer of Never Forget: A Journey of Revelations” brings many years of music industry savvy to the new project and has solicited the support of some of the industry’s top artists. His past credits include work with the likes of such artists as George Duke, The Jacksons, and Bobby Brown to name a few. Clifton West also brings his writing and producing skills to the project as well as his voice at forums and listening parties to address African American issues in today’s society. BMWMB is a movement to remember, restore and re-ignite the power of uniting the African American community through love, unity, solidarity and loyalty to one another through mentoring and forums/listening parties in addition to other events.