Date:
 05-25-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Paul H. Smith, John R. Lott 
 


Remote Viewing instructor and technical dowsing practitioner Paul H. Smith discussed practical ESP, including how dowsing can be used to find items and make decisions. Interestingly, if people are less invested in a particular outcome, ESP efforts are typically more successful as the subconscious has more interplay, he reported. It's thought that by tapping into the subconscious, we can get in touch with the greater universe, beyond our individual knowledge, he added.


Dowsing such as with a pendulum makes use of the ideomotor effect in which "subconscious motivations can actually manifest themselves in subtle micro-movements in your muscles," he detailed. This effect was first noted in the 1800s in relation to the planchette moving around on a Ouija board. Dowsing can be particularly useful for helping to make a decision when you otherwise don't have enough information, said Smith. He cited an example in which a person is choosing between two seemingly equal houses to buy, and how their subconscious might recognize advantages of one over the other.


Dowsing can also be used in making stock market decisions, and gambling, such as in the Pick 3 lotteries, he shared. One of Smith's students, said he won $18,000 in the Idaho lottery using dowsing. There are two general strategies with dowsing-- enhancing your chance for success, and avoiding negative or disastrous consequences. For instance, the current oil spill catastrophe might have been averted, if they had dowsed the future status of the rig, he said. Smith will be presenting a workshop on dowsing at the upcoming Remote Viewing Conference in Las Vegas. 

Guns & Crime
First hour guest, author and economist John R. Lott talked about the new edition of his book, More Guns, Less Crime, which includes the effects of changes to gun control laws over the last 10 years. According to statistics, "people use guns more to stop crimes than they do to commit them," he reported. 


Website(s):
•freedowsingdvd.com
Book(s):
•Reading the Enemy's Mind
•Freedomnomics
•More Guns, Less Crime