Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Sweet Dreams" is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles from her third studio album, I Am… Sasha Fierce (2008). Written and produced by Knowles, James Scheffer, Wayne Wilkins, and Rico Love, the track was released as the album's sixth single. It was solicited to U.S. Top 40 and rhythmic contemporary radios on June 2, 2009.

As of June 25, 2009 "Sweet Dreams" has been the number-one most added song at Australian radio. The song has also so far peaked inside the top five in the UK, Australia Ireland and New Zealand and the top 10 in Germany, Turkey and Europe.

The video was not included on Above and Beyoncé - Video Collection & Dance Mixes as it was not finished by the time the CD–DVD collection was made. However, a behind-the-scenes look of the "Sweet Dreams" video was included in the B-roll footage, along with a remix to "Sweet Dreams" on the remix disc. This video is the second of the many of this album to have complete color throughout; Halo was the first.

The music video was directed by Adria Petty (who also directed Duffy's video for "Mercy") and shot in Brooklyn, New York City. The video is expected to "take Sasha to the next level" and be a more "graphic" video than the others, as stated by Knowles in the B-roll footage of Above and Beyoncé - Video Collection & Dance Mixes. The video premiered on July 9, 2009 on MTV, VH1, and MSN.

The video opens with Knowles tossing and turning in her bed as she tries to stay asleep; a lullaby plays softly in the background. She then levitates off her bed as her dream unfolds. In her dream Knowles is transported to a desert, and her two back-up dancers (Saidah Fishenden and Ashley Everett) appear as the music begins. Throughout the video Knowles and her dancers perform various dance routines in front of a plain white background. Special effects are used predominantly in this video such as the mirror reflections and duplicates of Knowles and her dancers during most of the video. Knowles breaks through these mirrors as she sings the chorus after the second verse of the song. During the bridge, Knowles appears in a gold robot suit designed by French fashion designer Thierry Mugler. The video briefly fades to black and white while Knowles and her back-up dancers finish the last dance routine of the video. The video ends as Knowles says: "Turn the lights out."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

