File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:05:22

[Video]
Resolution : 1280x720
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2194 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.08 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


World Painted Blood is the tenth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer. It was released by American Recordings/Sony Music on November 3, 2009. The album was produced by Greg Fidelman and executive produced by Rick Rubin.

The first new track from the album, "Psychopathy Red," was made available as a 7-inch vinyl disc on April 18, as part of the third annual Record Store Day. On July 28, the song "Hate Worldwide" was released as a CD single, exclusively available at Hot Topic stores. The title track "World Painted Blood" was released on September 28, on Slayer's MySpace  page. A music video has been made for "Beauty Through Order" however, it has been removed from most online sources. The music video for the song "World Painted Blood" was released June 16, 2010.

In May 2009, Kerry King said of the album: "I think this one has a little bit of everything—more so than anything we've done since Seasons. So I would imagine people are gonna compare it to that one." The band had recorded thirteen songs for the album, seven written by Jeff Hanneman and six by King, although not all of them were included. Kerry King later confirmed the album's release date was pushed back to late summer 2009. A recent article on Slayer's website has confirmed the name of the band's 10th studio album is World Painted Blood. World Painted Blood marks the first time Slayer wrote and prepared the material for the album while in the studio. In the past, most or all of the songs had been worked out by the time the band entered the studio to record the material. Dave Lombardo said in an interview on Capital Chaos "The other albums were good, but this one there's some kind of magic that I can't put my finger on, it just flows really well, the structuring is done well, the melodies are done well. Everything has been a collective effort so I'm definitely proud of it and I'm sure the other guys are too." On August 20, 2009, Roadrunner Records confirmed the track listing. On September 15, 2009, the artwork for the album was revealed. It was released with four different covers that when put together, create a world map covered in blood. 

Slayer is an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California, formed in 1981. The band was founded by guitarists Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King. Slayer rose to fame with their 1986 release, Reign in Blood. The band is credited as one of the "Big Four" of thrash metal acts, along with Metallica, Megadeth  and Anthrax.

Slayer's musical traits involve fast tremolo picking, atonal guitar solos, double bass drumming, and shouting vocals. The band's lyrics and album art, which cover topics such as serial killers, Satanism, religion and warfare have generated album bans, delays, lawsuits and strong criticism from religious groups and the public.

Since their debut album in 1983, the band has released two live albums, one box set, four videos, two extended plays, and eleven studio albums, four of which have received gold certification in the United States. The band has received four Grammy nominations, winning one in 2007 for the song "Eyes of the Insane", and one in 2008 for the song "Final Six". They have played music festivals worldwide, including Unholy Alliance, Download and Ozzfest.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/