File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo.


"Reason to Live" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss featured on their 1987 album, Crazy Nights. Released as a single in 1987, the song would prove to be a minor hit for the band, making the Top 40 charts in the United Kingdom and reached number 34 on Billboard's Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and 64 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US. The B-side is the album track by Gene Simmons, "Thief in the Night".

Written by singer/guitarist Paul Stanley and professional songwriter Desmond Child, the song is a prototypical power ballad, heavy in keyboards and production. A video was made to help promote the single, featuring clips of the band playing the song, and a woman (who is implied to have been in a relationship with Stanley) in distress and emotionally unstable and even suicidal. This is evident as she throws a wine bottle at a picture of her and Stanley, and sets his car on fire after dousing it with gasoline. She is portrayed by Playboy playmate Eloise Broady. The video received aiplay on MTV, and was directed by Marty Callner and produced by Callner, Doug Major, and Bill Brigode.

Crazy Nights is the 14th album by American hard rock band Kiss. It was the fourth Kiss album in a row to achieve platinum status. The album peaked at #18 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart,  making Crazy Nights the highest-charting Kiss album of the 1980s in the United States.

The album was certified Platinum on February 18, 1988, when it sold 1,000,000 copies. It was re-released in 1998 as part of the Kiss Remasters series, and to date is the last Kiss album to have been remastered.

"Crazy Crazy Nights" and "Reason to Live" were played regularly on live shows until Eric Carr's death in 1991. Otherwise, the album has not been performed live ever since.

Kiss released, in order, "Crazy, Crazy Nights", "Reason to Live", and "Turn on the Night" as singles. All three songs had corresponding music videos which received heavy rotation on MTV, and were also featured on the "Crazy Nights Home Video."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

