Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Why Couldn't It Be Christmas Every Day?" is a song by Bianca Ryan from her self-titled debut album. Though not officially released as a single by Columbia Records, radio stations in several countries played the song in 2006 as part of their Christmas-themed programming. During the week of December 12, "Why Couldn't It Be Christmas Every Day?" reached #1 on Radio & Records' Netherlands Top 20 Chart. It has also reached #15 on the official Dutch Top 40.

A longer remix was included on the promotional CD Christmas Everyday!.

The song also was released as a music video by Sony BMG. The video mainly shows Ryan singing in the same environment throughout the whole video. As the video progresses, Ryan is found holding or playing with various holiday props, or anything on the setting. In addition, she simply sings into a microphone the whole time as artificial snow is sprinkled down onto her.

Bianca Ryan is the debut album from America's Got Talent Season 1 winner Bianca Ryan.

The album features cover versions of "The Rose" and "I Believe I Can Fly" and original songs like "I Wish That" and "Pray for a Better Day". It is part of a five-record deal signed in 2006 with SYCOmusic, run by Talent Executive Producer Simon Cowell as part of Columbia Records (SONY BMG). Ryan is the first U. S. artist to sign with SYCOmusic. The album debuted at #57 on Billboard's Top 200 Albums chart.

Bianca Taylor Ryan (born September 1, 1994) is an American singer and guitarist from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, who won the debut season of NBC's America's Got Talent at age eleven.

Ryan's self-titled first CD was recorded just after her 12th birthday and released on November 14, 2006; Bianca Ryan broke into the Billboard 200 at #57. One month later, the EP Christmas Everyday! was released as a promotional giveaway.

She has since performed in such countries as Austria and Switzerland. Her first concert tour took her across the United States as the "special guest" artist for Live Nation's Nextfest.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

