Dj.Nece's Ladies Nightout 12
I just can't seem to fit the songs sorry but two hours is hot for some and bad for others. I placed some really great work here for this month as I always try to do on the regular hope you like the sexy sounds in this mix and they will help those great hips move Ladies! Here is the Tracklist:
Intro The Review of 11you can visit her @
1. Inna-Hot(Malibu Breeze Remix)
2. Frankie goes to Hollywood-Relax(Lockout London Mix)
3. Micheal Jackson-Billie Jean(Ambito Remix)Thank you CE Records
4. Coldplay-Viva Lar Vida(Maxplay Remix)courtesy of CE Records
5. Magic Solutions Feat.Marisa Manchado-Wet Dreams
6. Albert Neve & Xavi Beat Feat. Dreaminfusion-Love Surrounds Me
7. MHD Feat.Nassin-I'm Not Gonna Stop(Dr.Kucho Remix)
8. Narany-Love In Your Eyes(Diter Zafir Remix)
9. Erick Morillo Feat.Deborah Cooper-I Get Lifted(Micheal Gray and Danism Remix)
10.Funkagenda Feat.Mc.Flipside-Nobody Listens To Techno
11.Laidback Luke, Sebastian Igrosso, Axwell, Steve Angello Feat. Deborah Cox-Leave the World Behind(Original Mix)
12.David Vendetta-She Turns Around(Hook N Sling Remix)
13.Alexis,Darmon, Eran Hersh, George F-Girls Who Like Girls(Original Living Room Club Mix)
14.Dj.Chus-That Feelin'(Dj.Nece's Remix)you can find this mix in my soundcloud
15.Milk& Sugar-Let The Sunshine(Milk & Sugar Global Mix)
16.Juanjo Martin Feat. Rebeka Brown-Millenium
17.Lee Cabrera VS Thomas Gold-Shake It(Terrace Mix)
18.Fatboy Slim VS Fedde Le Grand-Praise You(Fatboy Slim Vs Fedde Le Grand Remix)

I have to thank all those great record labels for their support on this one, Cubit Recordings, CE Records, DeeJay Mags(Spain), and Stella. I hope you like the mix and pass the word.If you wish to have the remix of That Feelin' made by yourstruly just go to http://soundcloud.com/djnece and enjoy.For the Picture Logo that is Rebeka Brown performing live also taken by yours truely.
Love
Nece

<embedheight='340' width='579' allowscriptaccess='always' allowfullscreen='true'