Kristine Rommel, an up and coming rock singer and immense talent, recently wrapped up the session for her latest, Choose to Fly. The sessions, done at Nashville’s Sweetbriar Studios with the noted A&R/production team of Shay Watson and Joe Nash of Watson & Nash fame, is Rommel’s best material to date by far, and will inevitably put the versatile singer and songwriter on the Christian rock-pop map in the not too distant future. 


The New York-based Rommel, who performs regularly at various major events throughout the

Northeast including NASCAR races, teamed up earlier this year to write and record the songs for Watson. Watson, a music guru with proven successes working with artists like Sonicflood, Word Record's Sidewalk Prophets, Switchfoot's Jon Foreman, and DC Talk's Michael Tait and James Clay, is one of Nashville’s sure-bet producers.


Choose to Fly, a riveting five-song EP, showcases the very best of Rommel’s ability. The artist, soft-spoken by nature, but a fiery singer with tremendous range, makes even the most challenging vocal tracks come off sounding effortless and exhilarating. Years of training and refinement have enabled her to write and deliver songs that illuminate her ability to pull off highly emotional subject matter with aplomb.


This ability becomes evident when Rommel performs live and the bigger the arena the better. Her most recent appearances have been for NASCAR, where she enjoyed the opportunity to sing “The Star Spangled Banner” at seven different races for millions of viewers live on major network television, including NBC, ABC and TNT. Kristine, a Coast Guard veteran of more than a decade, also performed for the Intrepid Foundation Dinner honoring Governor Eliot Spitzer, as well as many other large and small ceremonial events, all while representing her country and woman in the military.


Rommel has a bright future as an artist and performer. Choose to Fly, with its all-original content, is the first of many times you’ll be hearing Rommel’s distinctive voice and musical style.