 http://bayimg.com/MAPCjaaCI

Never Take Sweets from a Stranger (1960)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0054116/

Never Take Sweets from a Stranger (U.S. Never Take Candy from a Stranger) is a 1960 British film, directed by Cyril Frankel and released by Hammer Film Productions. The screenplay was developed by John Hunter from the play The Pony Trap by Roger Garis. It stars Patrick Allen, Gwen Watford and Felix Aylmer, the latter being cast notably against type. The twin themes are paedophilia and the sexual abuse of children, and the way in which those with sufficient pull can corrupt and manipulate the legal system in order to evade responsibility for their actions. The film is regarded as bold and uncompromising for its time in the way in which it handles its subject matter.

  Gwen Watford  ...  Sally Carter  
  Patrick Allen  ...  Peter Carter  
  Felix Aylmer  ...  Clarence Olderberry Sr.  
  Niall MacGinnis  ...  Defense Counsel  
  Alison Leggatt  ...  Martha  
  Bill Nagy  ...  Clarence Jr  
  MacDonald Parke  ...  Judge  
  Michael Gwynn  ...  Prosecutor  
  Janina Faye  ...  Jean Carter  
  Frances Green  ...  Lucille  
  Estelle Brody  ...  Eunice Kalliduke  
  James Dyrenforth  ...  Dr. Stevens  
  Robert Arden  ...  Tom Demarest  
  Vera Cook  ...  Mrs. Demarest  
  Budd Knapp  ...  Hammond  

On its original release, the film made little impact at the box-office and its press was mainly negative. This was partly due to the fact that at the time the issue of paedophilia and child sexual abuse was a great taboo, rarely referred to or spoken about, and merely to produce a film dealing openly with the issue was deemed sordid and distasteful. Another hindrance to commercial success was that the film was far from easy to categorise, so it was difficult to market to any specific film audience demographic. In terms of genre it had elements of suspense, horror, courtroom drama and social commentary, but did not fit neatly into any general classification. In addition some of the publicity chosen for the film such as a promotional poster with an image of armed police with tracker dogs, and the tagline "A nightmare manhunt for maniac prowler!" was misleading as it implied a fugitive-on-the-run chase thriller. Hammer Studios boss James Carreras later commented: "Message pictures? I tried one  Never Take Sweets from a Stranger. Nobody bought it. I'm not an artist. I'm a businessman." The film did garner some positive reviews, with Variety for example saying: "Gwen Watford and Patrick Allen, as the distraught parents, and Alison Leggatt, as a wise, understanding grandmother, lead a cast which is directed with complete sensitivity by Cyril Frankel. Both Watford and Allen are completely credible while Leggatt, well-served by John Hunter's script, is outstanding. Aylmer, who doesn't utter a word throughout the film, gives a terrifying acute study of crumbling evil."  The film quickly disappeared from view, and for many years remained little-known and rarely screened. Indeed no indication can be found that it was ever shown on British television.

Expatriate American filmmaker Joseph Losey (These Are the Damned) had hoped to direct the film, but Hammer ultimately settled on documentary filmmaker Cyril Frankel. While one can only guess at what Losey would have done with the material, Frankel is to be commended for doing a truly superlative job. He handles the material with discretion, but this is not the detriment of the film's impact. It is that truly rare beast — a Hammer 'message' film — but it never becomes unduly heavy-handed in its moralizing. Frankel would go on to direct the Nigel Kneale-scripted The Witches (1966) for the studio, but he failed to recapture the magic of this first outing for the company. 

The film benefits from a superb ensemble, though its lack of star power surely hurt its chances at the box office. Patrick Allen (Night Creatures) and Gwen Watford (Taste the Blood of Dracula) are perfect as the couple whose existence is threatened when they dare to bring charges against the elderly pedophile. Allen's square-jawed looks made him ideal in 'men of action' roles, but he also possessed genuine acting ability; his strong voice also made him prolific in the dubbing field — for example, he looped Leon Greene's entire performance in Hammer's The Devil Rides Out (1967). Good as Allen and Watford are, however, they are upstaged by Janina Faye (Horror of Dracula) and Felix Aylmer (The Mummy). The former gives one of the most beautifully realized and heart-rending child performances imaginable, while the latter emerges as the most frightening monster in Hammer's filmography. Aylmer was best known for playing stern authoritarian types, and his distinguished work on stage and screen would earn him a knighthood, so his casting in this film was something of a coup. It took guts for the veteran actor to risk sullying his image in playing such a role, but what most sticks in mind is what a powerful presence he conveys with absolutely no dialogue. Indeed, the lack of dialogue is a strength in this instance, helping to make him seem even more creepy in his characterization. The role affords Aylmer a chance for pathos in his last moments, and he certainly makes the most of it. The supporting cast includes a few familiar faces from other Hammer films, including Niall MacGinnis (Curse of the Demon) and Michael Gwynn (The Revenge of Frankenstein). Most of the cast — excepting Allen, Watford and Faye — are required to drop their English accents to lend verisimilitude to the Canadian setting; by and large, the actors are successful in this.  

The film was also the only Hammer film photographed by the great Freddie Francis. Francis was a fan of the play and he made some key suggestions to the filmmakers — including recommending the avant garde composer Elisabeth Lutyens to compose the spare soundtrack. Francis would later use Lutyens on some of his best directorial work (The Skull, The Psychopath, Dr. Terror's House of Horrors, Paranoiac) and her contribution to 'sound' of British horror has never been properly appreciated. Francis' lighting and camerawork helps to make the film look richer and more lavish than it really was. The same year as this film, he would photograph Sons and Lovers — which would net him his first of two Oscars for cinematography (he won the second for the Civil War epic Glory, 1989). 

Never Take Candy from a Stranger is far removed from the usual Hammer fare. It deals with a complicated topic with intelligence and passion, but successfully avoids bad taste at every turn. The finale, in which Aylmer stalks his prey through the woods, is far scarier than anything in the typical Hammer Dracula or Frankenstein film — for the simple reason that this sort of thing actually does happen. The drama packs a punch, and the tension is kept taut throughout, making it one of Hammer's most accomplished productions. Alas, it failed to find an audience in its day — Columbia bought the film for U.S. consumption, but they seemed unclear on how to handle the film. Critics who actually bothered to view it were impressed, but audiences stayed away. As is so often the case with great films, it took time for its reputation to build, and it is now rightly regarded as an important film on its topic. 

By the 1990s, at a time when a general reassessment and re-evaluation of Hammer's back catalogue, including its more obscure entries, was under way, critics and aficionados revisited Never Take Sweets from a Stranger with fresh eyes, and found a brave, honest and in some ways groundbreaking film. In 1994, Hammer denizen Christopher Lee noted: "Never Take Sweets from a Stranger, an excellent film, was decades ahead of its time."

