                      Academagia: The Making of Mages RIP                   

   Release Date  :  18/08/2010                Protection  :  Nothing
   Release Type  :  RIP 33x5.00MB             Company     :  Black Chicken Studios Inc.

   Release Notes:

   Academagia: The Making of Mages is a whimsical fantasy life simulation   
   and role-playing game set at the renowned Academy of Magic in the rich   
   and dangerous city of Mineta. As a newly arrived teenager in a           
   strange, vast school, you'll embark on adventures great and small,       
   train your familiar, make friends (and enemies!), and master the         
   shining arts and subtle laws of spell-casting.                           
                                                                            
   Day by day, you'll attend classes, build skills, compete for the glory   
   of your College, and explore the history and powers of an ancient        
   world of flying islands and fallen empires. What you choose to do -      
   whether it be to create a new magical item, to butter up your            
   instructors, or to duel with your bitterest rivals - will ultimately     
   determine how your character evolves throughout the school year. With    
   many secret skills to uncover and hundreds of unique actions to learn    
   and bonuses to collect, character specialization is unprecedented in     
   its breadth. You can explore the campus, research in the many            
   libraries, help your friends, visit exotic merchants or cast powerful    
   spells: the choice is yours!                                             
                                                                            
   But beware! There are more dangers than just detention, and              
   frightening secrets wait in the long forgotten sections of the           
   University...                                                            
                                                                            
   Interact with over 80 students                                           
                                                                            
   Maneuver through more than 800 possible random events                    
                                                                            
   Set out upon any of over 100 adventures                                  
                                                                            
   Explore hundreds of skills                                               
                                                                            
   Cast spells from the five Pillars of Magic, or learn the Forbidden Arts  
                                                                            
   Add new effects to existing spells as you master the vocabulary of magic 
                                                                            
   Discover and visit mysterious castles, ruins, shops and secret hide-outs 
                                                                            
   Teach, train and adventure with a Familiar from one of dozens of species 
                                                                            
   Enjoy nearly endless replayability and scope                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          

   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install by running unl-acad.exe                                       
   3. Start game with Academagia.exe                                        
   4. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
   Remember to support quality games!                                       
