Healing AIDS with Microcurrents and Nanosilver



Neutralizing HIV with Microcurrents

This very slight and mild electrification of your blood does not kill any viruses or harm normal blood 
cells. Instead, the minute currents appear to alter and inhibit the ability of the outer protein layer of the 
virus to attach to lymphocytes (reverse transcriptase process) This blocks the binding of the HIV virus 
with the host cell (Thymic-T lymphocyte; CD4 T-helper cells) so the virus is thought in effect to be 
neutralized, immobilized and eventually eliminated from the body. Rate of recovery is the product of 
current intensity multiplied by time of exposure. (Kaali; with Lyman and Merkatz; 1994 paper.) This 
communication describes a safe and tested procedure for interrupting HIV reproduction. But you MUST 
avoid ingesting any medicinal herbs, domestic or oriental, since blood electrification causes 
electroporation of cell membranes and can thus cause tremendous increase of molecular transport into 
cells resulting occasionally in extreme and toxic overdosing. Allow one week to eliminate herbs and 
other medications from body before blood electrification. 

(See J.C. Weaver, Havard-MIT Division of 
Health Sciences and Technology in  Journal of Cellular Biochemistry  51:426-435; 1993.) 




United States Patent 5,676,977
Marvin S. Antelman
Method of curing AIDS with tetrasilver tetroxide molecular crystal devices 
 
The diamagnetic semiconducting molecular crystal tetrasilver tetroxide (Ag.sub.4 O.sub.4) is utilized for 
destroying the AIDS virus, destroying AIDS synergistic pathogens and immunity suppressing moieties 
(ISM) in humans. A single intravenous injection of the devices is all that is required for efficacy at levels 
of about 40 PPM of human blood. The device molecular crystal contains two mono and two trivalent 
silver ions capable of "firing" electrons capable of electrocuting the AIDS virus, pathogens and ISM. 
When administered into the bloodstream, the device electrons will be triggered by pathogens, a 
proliferating virus and ISM, and when fired will simultaneously trigger a redox chelation mechanism 
resulting in divalent silver moieties which chelate and bind active sites of the entities destroying them. 
The devices are completely non-toxic. However, they put stress on the liver causing hepatomegaly, but 
there is no loss of liver function.

The present invention relates to the employment of molecular crystals as anti-AIDS devices, but more 
particularly to the molecular crystal semiconductor tetrasilver tetroxide Ag.sub.4 O.sub.4 which has two 
monovalent and two trivalent silver ions per molecule, and which through this structural configuration 
enables intermolecular electron transfer capable of killing viruses and binding them to the resulting silver 
entity so that a single intravenous injection will completely obliterate acquired immune deficiency 
syndrome (AIDS) in humans. Furthermore, said devices are capable of killing pathogens and purging the 
bloodstream of immune suppressing moieties (ISM) whether or not created by the AIDS virus (HIV); so 
as to restore the immune system.

The actual destruction of pathogens, ISM and the AIDS virus is effectuated by injection of a suspension 
of these devices in distilled or deionized water with a non-reacting electrolyte directly, i.e. intravenously, 
into the bloodstream. A single injection is all that is required under these conditions. Accordingly, 
humans injected in this manner, upon being inspected after three weeks or more had elapsed and 
compared with similar humans that had been given placebos, were completely cured of AIDS. The 
control group still manifested AIDS. Accordingly, the tetrasilver tetroxide device performed in concert 
with and in full conformity with the ultimate objects of this invention. Furthermore, three out of four 
wasting syndrome terminal patients and four out of the five candidiasis terminal patients were still alive 
in 1995 after a year and a half had elapsed from their initial injection. By that time all the AIDS patients 
had been released from the clinic and allowed to return home. 

Method of curing AIDS with ... - Google Patent Search
Patent Number 5676977
http://www.google.com/patents




Colloidal Silver - a Cure for AIDS? 

In 1991, an obscure but crucial discovery was made at the Biochemistry 
Unit of Upjohn Laboratories. According to the September 10, 1991 issue of 
"Biochemistry" states: "Among a number of metal ions tested, Zn2+ 
(zinc), Cn2+ (copper) and Ag1+ (silver) were discovered to be the most 
effective inhibitors of renin and the HIV protease (data not shown). 
Kenectic analysis revealed that inhibition of renin by Ag1+ (silver) is 
basically identical with that observed with Zn2+ (zinc), in other words, 
concompetitive, with respect to the metal". 

Further testing at Upjohn, including a clinical trial, revealed that zinc was 
toxic in effective dosages. This was the first reporting to be made that 
silver is a highly effective protease inhibitor, and over the following years, 
this same discovery would be made several times. According to the 
February 13, 1992 issues of the "Orem Herald" in Provo, Utah, a full-time 
member of the administrative staff at Brigham Young University’s physical 
plant, Daryle Tichy, who considers himself to be a searcher instead of a 
researcher by looking for patterns and answers to problems by crossing 
the boundaries of different disciplines such as physics and medicine, 
states he has determined that Colloidal Silver solutions will kill the AIDS 
virus without harming the human body. Tichy said that he had the 
solution tested at two different labs, and the results showed that the 
solution destroyed a variety of pathogens, including the HIV virus.

A year later, this same discovery was made at the University Medical 
Center in Geneva, Switzerland, according to the December 30, 1992 issue 
of "Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications", stating that 
"metal-binding proteins are important components of retroviruses such as 
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Therefore, metals could be used as 
anti-viral agents . . . silver is a highly active bacteriacidal metal with little 
toxicity for humans. Silver has also been shown to be a potent inhibitor of 
HIV protease". Three years later, Temple University in Philadelphia made 
this same discovery independently of the other discoveries, as stated by 
Professor Earl E. Henderson, Ph.D. He states: 

"We tested the ability of biotic silver protein to inhibit human immuno- 
deficienty virus type 1 (HIV-1) replication in the human T-cell line, SupT 
1, as measured by syncytia formation. We found that pure silver protein 
inhibited HIV-1 replication in SupT 1 cells as measured by a reduction in 
the appearance of syncytia in cell culture. There appeared to be little, if 
any, acute toxicity associated with the dose of biotic silver protein which 
inhibited HIV-1 replication . . . These results are very encouraging and 
suggest additional experiments that could be done . . ."
 
The following March 20, 1995, Professor Henderson released the findings 
of another experiment at Temple University:
 
"My laboratory has studied the effects of a special formulation of biotic 
silver protein on human immuno-deficiency virus Type 1 (HIV-1) survival, 
and on latency reactivation of HIV-1 in the human lymphoblastoid B cell 
line, M57-3 . . . The results of the . . . experiment show that exposure of 
HIV-1 to 1000 ppm of a special formulation of silver protein for one hour 
at 37 degrees Centigrade completely eliminates infectious HIV-1 as 
measured by syncytia formation on SupT 1 cells . . ."




Comment: I've also included some important videos from mychannel. 
They are in a convenient 10-min format to make it easy you, if you want to upload them to your channel.
Seed and upload please. Our world has been infected by so many lies. 
Spreading TRUTH is the antidote!
