Year:	1995	 	
Director:	Tsui Hark	 	
Action:	Yuen Bun, Mang Hoi, Stephen Tung Wai	 	
Cast:	
Zhao Wen-Zhou (Chiu Man-Cheuk), Xiong Xin-Xin (Hung Yan-Yan), Moses Chan Ho, Sang Ni, Austin Wai Tin-Chi, Valerie Chow Kar-Ling, Michael Tse Tin-Wah, Jason Chu Wing-Tong, Ngai Sing
Subs:English  
THIS IS A RETAIL COPY NO MENU 

Plot

Ding On (Vincent Zhao) is an orphaned worker at a blade factory called "Sharp Foundry", working alongside many others, including Iron Head (Moses Chan). An old master, On's dead father's friend, runs the factory while his daughter, Ling, who narrates the film, is romantically interested in both On and Iron Head. One day when out delivering the swords On and Iron Head witness a monk fending off a bunch of thugs, who later ambush and kill the monk in retaliation. Iron Head, furious, yells out the name of the factory, swearing revenge and taunting the thugs. Later that day, On discovers that his father died while saving his master from Fei Lung (Xiong Xinxin), an infamous tattooed assassin who is rumored to be able to fly. Intent on seeking revenge, On takes his father's broken sword (the titular Dao) and goes off. Ling goes after him, but gets assaulted by a local gang of bandits. On manages to save her, but loses his right arm in the process and ends up falling off a cliff.
He is later found and nursed back to health by a poor hermit-farmer girl he calls Blackie. Thinking himself now useless, he abandons his hopes for revenge, buries his father's sword and tries to live a normal life. Meanwhile, Ling and Iron Head set out to find On, with Ling all the while narrating her disillusionment with people and her ideals, becoming especially poignant after Iron Head "saves" a prostitute who he later takes advantage of.
Meanwhile, On endures ridicule for being a "cripple" while working in a diner, building up his frustration. He also spots the heavily tattooed man who he recognises as his father's assassin, but is unable to take action and is further frustrated. To add to his trouble, the house he lives in is assaulted by thugs who torch it and beat On mercilessly. Afterward, while searching for food within the wreckage, Blackie finds a singed Kung Fu manual hidden there by her parents. On, excited, tries to learn the techniques described in it, but is unable to obtain a good sword and digs up his father's broken sword instead. Due to his injury and the book's incompleteness his efforts are futile at first, but when driven to rage by his frustration On suddenly makes a breakthrough, developing a devastating spinning technique allowing him to compensate for lack of an arm and his broken weapon.


To Share is to Care! So it seems. Do not break the share chain! Once you have completed download, seed for the next person in the chain as long as you possibly can, as i wont be be seeding 4 ever more like a week due to other releases i want to share 
I've got a lot of retail movies new wave and old school let me know any requests 90% retail

Just giving back 2 a generous community
 

Burn with img burn or the like enjoy

Thanx to those good people who take the time to seed big shout to all the people who use their time,electricity,money to provide these great releases 4 free 			