Let's Get Ready To Summit!
Thursday, February 25, 2010
It’s Healthcare Summit time!  Six hours of televised policy discussion… this is like the Olympics of wonkitude! And unlike the Winter Olympics, you don’t even need fake snow. Actually, Washington has more snow than Vancouver does. Maybe they should have held the Winter Olympics in DC and had the healthcare summit in Vancouver. That way they could see how universal coverage really works. Six hours is a long, long time on TV. It’s like the length of one curling match. Well, don’t worry, the healthcare summit will be a lot more exciting than a curling match—even if you turn the audio off. There’s a lot of difference between curling and today’s summit. For one thing, Mitch McConnell looks a lot more athletic than most of the people in the curling matches. But for political junkies, this is more like the figure skating competition. I just wish the participants would wear sequined costumes. OK, forget I said that. Now I can’t get the image of Jon Kyl in spandex pants and sequins out of my mind.

The Republicans are already looking past the healthcare summit that they would have preferred to skip, and getting their lies together to stop Democrats from getting a bill through the Republican logjam in the Senate. Due to Republican obstructionism, Democrats will have to use the reconciliation process. So… the latest Republican talking point is that reconciliation is the “nuclear option.” It would be a misrepresentation to call that a misrepresentation. It is a complete and deliberate lie, as Rachel Maddow points out here.  You ever notice that Republicans like to frame every debate by immediately launching a total and utter fabrication about the subject at hand? That way we don’t debate the pros and cons of reconciliation—we debate what reconciliation really is. Now we have to take a break from explaining the Republican lies about healthcare reform to take time to explain the Republican lies about reconciliation. Reconciliation is a process to pass legislation with a simple majority of the votes. If that’s tantamount to a “nuclear option,” then the whole concept of democracy is a nuclear option. Reconciliation can be used to overcome a filibuster. The filibuster is the perversion of the basic rules of democracy. So reconciliation isn’t like nuclear weapons. It’s more like arms control for weapons of mass destruction like the filibuster. That’s the truth, and the truth is the best weapon Democrats have in this fight. Let’s hope it’s enough. 