(Excerpts from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Path_to_9/11):

A television mini-series on the events leading up to the US terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.

The Path to 9/11 was a two-part miniseries that aired in the United States on ABC television from September 10 – 11, 2006, and also in other countries. The film dramatizes the 1993 World Trade Center bombing in New York City and the events leading up to the September 11, 2001 attacks.

The film was written by screenwriter Cyrus Nowrasteh, and directed by David L. Cunningham; it stars Harvey Keitel and Donnie Wahlberg.

To date, ABC's $40 million miniseries, which drew a combined audience of 25 million, has not been released on DVD. Writer and producer Cyrus Nowrasteh has said that a stalled release is not due to lack of interest but rather strong political pressure. He told the Los Angeles Times that "Powerful forces are out to protect Bill Clinton's presidential legacy and shield Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton (D-N.Y.) from any potential collateral damage in her bid for the White House". Furthermore, Nowrasteh goes on to explain that he was told by a top executive at ABC Studios that "if Hillary weren't running for president, this wouldn't be a problem." According to the LA Times, an ABC spokeswoman reached September 4, 2007 would say only that the company "has no release date at this time," and she declined to comment further. In an interview with KFI's John Ziegler, Nowrasteh candidly discusses the issue.

Important additional notes - mine: 

Since ABC refuses to release this film on DVD, it is up to us to make sure every American has the opportunity to see it.  Until that happens, I'll continue to seed it - please help and do the same.

Note that the version aired in the U.S. in 2006 was an edited copy.  This version is the one that aired in Australia and is *unedited* - edits that the Clinton's and their lawyers forced ABC/Disney to remove before airing in the U.S.

Some viewed this film as a partisan attack on Bill Clinton and his lack of action in the years preceding the attacks.  I don’t see it that way.  It’s important to understand the failures made by the Clinton administration so they aren’t made again.  

George Tenent, in his closing remarks several years ago in an interview he did for 60 minutes stated that al-queda called off a massive gas attack on the NYC subway system because they have something bigger planned and on the way.  We would do well to heed these warnings, examine the errors made  prior to 9/11 and make sure they aren’t made again.

Another film called "Blocking The Path to 9/11" (a documentary) has been made to show exactly what went into blocking distribution of this film - namely intense political pressure brought to bear on ABC and Disney by the Clinton's to prevent not only future airings but distribution of the film itself.  

"Blocking the Path to 9/11" is available on DVD (amazon, etc.) and also as an avi on various torrent sites.

I strongly recommend that if you see and enjoy "Blocking the Path to 9/11", PLEASE support the people who made it by purchasing it.

Thanks to Gizmomelb for originally posting this and to all those who seeded it.  It's by far the best copy I've been able to obtain short of the original I recorded on Tivo when the film first aired.


- end notes

Regards,

LiRM35