In the early nineties the idea to form a band together with Gorefest drummer Ed Warby had already crossed the mind of Thanatos guitarist/singer Stephan Gebédi. Due to busy schedules, band reunions and other circumstances this never happened and the idea was put on ice. 

A few years ago Thanatos played a show with the German band Death By Dawn, featuring one Martin van Drunen on vocals. After a few beers the aforementioned idea was brought up again and at the end of 2006 former Pestilence/Asphyx-singer Martin van Drunen, Gorefest-drummer Ed Warby, ex-Houwitser bass player Theo van Eekelen and both Thanatos-guitarists Paul Baayens and Stephan Gebédi hooked up for a serious drinking session in the city of Amersfoort, Holland. A mutual love for old school death metal bands like Autopsy, Bolt Thrower, Massacre, Celtic Frost and Death resulted in the idea to form a band together.

Easier said than done, cause the band members’ other bands Asphyx, Thanatos and Gorefest are very active recording albums and playing loads of shows. 
Not to mention Ed’s countless studio projects. Nevertheless, all five of us were very enthusiastic about the idea, and we started writing material for this new band.

Another problem was finding a suitable name for the band. It seems every possible name had already been taken by bands we never heard of and probably nobody will ever hear from again. After tons of ideas and suggestions we settled for Hail Of Bullets. The metal started flowing and within a couple of months we already had enough material written for a full length album.

In July 2007 the band decided to record four songs for a promo CD. Drums and vocals were recorded at the Excess studios in Rotterdam, Holland. Swedish death metal guru Dan Swanö mixed the four songs at his Unisound Studios and the result turned out pretty monstrous. As Swanö himself stated; ,,If this promo doesn’t get you guys a good record deal, I will eat my laptop!” 
Dan's stomach is still in good shape since Metal Blade Records didn't hesitate to sign the band. Our debut album '...Of Frost And War' was released in May 2008 and the reactions from both fans and press were quite overwhelming! 

In the Summer of 2008 the band played a number of festival shows, including Party.San, Summer Breeze and Waldrock and in the Fall we started doing club shows all over Europe. More club shows and festivals are planned for 2009 and at the end of this year the band will start working on their second album...

Current line-up 
Martin van Drunen - Vocals (Pestilence (Hol), Bunkur, Submission (Hol), Bolt Thrower, Comecon, Death by Dawn, Mortuary I.O.D., Asphyx (Hol))
Paul Baayens - Guitar (Thanatos (Hol), Cremation (Hol), Asphyx (Hol))
Stephan Gebedi - Guitar (Thanatos (Hol), Legion, Second Hell)
Theo van Eekelen - Bass (Judgement Day (Hol), Thanatos (Hol), Houwitser)
Ed Warby - Drums (Gorefest, Demiurg (Swe), Ayreon, Star One, Impact (Hol), Aggressor (Hol), Tempter (Hol), Valkyrie (Hol), Elegy (Hol), Orphanage, Lana Lane)

Genre = Old School Death Metal
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = Vbr

Track Listing
01.Warsaw Rising 
02.Liberators
03.Destroyer 
04.Red Wolfs Of Stalin (Live) 
05.Nachthexen (Live) 