【Installation】
Can choose whether to download MOVIE.DAT
If you need to download MOVIE.DAT animation transitions
If you do not need cutscenes do not have to, would not affect the game.
【Demand】 configuration
Minimum
OS Windows XP; Windows Vista, Windows 7
Single Core 2.0 GHz processor
Memory 1 GB RAM
Memory Shader 3.0 NVidia 7800 + / ATI X1800
More than 4.0 GB hard disk space
CD-ROM 8 x DVD-ROM drive
Input Devices Keyboard / Mouse
Version DirectX 9.0 C
Recommended
OS Windows XP; Windows Vista, Windows 7
Dual Core 2.0 GHz processor
Memory 2 GB RAM
Memory Shader 3.0 NVidia 8800 + / ATI X3600 +
4.0 GB hard disk space remaining
CD-ROM 8 x DVD-ROM drive
Input Devices Keyboard / Mouse
DirectX version 9.0 C
【Game Description】
Announced its own giant system, according to the Hollywood film "Shrek 4" adapted from the new games available for sale related issues, this new tour will be in the 360, PS3, and PC platforms available, the date currently set at May 18, 2010 . "Shrek 4" of the story is: to save the princess, stabilized the kingdom, with "Little Shrek", the Shrek became a home man. But as time passed, began to miss their nature Shrek "monster" side. He began to dream of those who had real life monster. Shrek was the Brothers Grimm in the strange dwarf elf deceived, and he signed an agreement to make himself into another version of the kingdom of the world. Where, strange as the dwarf king, Shrek compatriots expelled by the pressure. In order to regain freedom and love Shrek to join them, of course, the same front and his old man --- including several severe fat and the Puss in Boots ..
Successfully rescue the princess from the dragon's mouth, well become "far too deadly" profited kingdom, defeated the Prince Charming's revenge, and finally gave birth to triplet baby monster, Shrek, the best-known history of cannibalism Magic really from and Princess Fiona and other partners to living a happy happy happy life? As a true ogre do not think so, that period of ignorance in order to frighten the villagers for the music for Shrek really miss the good old days, ah, but if they can return to the past, then what kind of situation? 1:00 hazy on the profiteers Shrek dwarf even strange when he signed a fraudulent contract, reduced to a very different "far too deadly" kingdom, where things seem familiar with all these friends and lovers, as if to a dangerous parallel world of Shrek to how to deal with all this? 