DANGEROUS MIND DVDrip


VIDEO CODEC Xvid
RUNTIME 94.47MINS
VIDEO SIZE 480x272[wide screen]
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC MP3
AUDIO BITRATE 128
SAMPLE RATE 44100
INFO 124 kb/s tot , Joint Stereo 
a/v SYNC BASIC

Directed by 	John N. Smith
Produced by 	Don Simpson
Jerry Bruckheimer
Written by 	Ronald Bass
Novel by LouAnne Johnson
Starring 	Michelle Pfeiffer
Music by 	Wendy & Lisa
Distributed by 	Hollywood Pictures
Release date(s) 	Flag of the United States August 11, 1995
Flag of Australia November 24, 1995
Flag of the United Kingdom January 16, 1996
Running time 	99 min.
Country 	 United States
Language 	English
Gross revenue 	$179,519,401 [1]

Dangerous Minds is a 1995 drama film loosely based on the book My Posse Don't Do Homework by LouAnne Johnson. The book is an autobiographical account of her experience as a Marine who left her career to become a teacher at a well-off high school attended by bussed-in students from a ghetto. The film, starring Michelle Pfeiffer, focuses on the challenges of growing up in the city of East Palo Alto, California and of the efforts of a dedicated teacher to allow her class to learn basic elementary education.

When a retired U.S. Marine, LouAnne Johnson (Michelle Pfeiffer), arrives at Parkmont High School (Carlmont High School, Belmont, CA) with poor, angry minorities from East Palo Alto, California, she finds a class of tough, street-wise kids, involved in gangs and drugs, whom Johnson quickly dubs the "rejects from hell." Her initially meek demeanor, small stature, and white skin earn her the nickname "white bread" from her students. Determined to have them trust and respect her, she quickly changes her presentation, wearing leather jackets, teaching karate to her students and cursing in the classroom. Creating her own curriculum for her "socially challenged" and extremely antagonistic class, she starts having them read poetry, using Bob Dylan lyrics to teach symbolism. Johnson rewards her students for their hard work by giving them candy bars to say good job, toy prizes and trip to a boardwalk theme park. Along with helping her students with school work, she also provides emotional support to several students, including a couple of wise-cracking boys who are too caught up in street politics for their own good, and a teen who's dealing with the reality of being pregnant in high school. Although she intends to leave at the end of the year, the students quote the lyrics of a Dylan Thomas poem that they learned and insist that she's their "light" and refuse to let her leave. Touched, she agrees to stay
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112792/


PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY