Reverse Engineering Digital Team                 
                                                                      
                           PROUDLY  PRESENT                          
                                              
                            
                 i N F O                       
                                                          
                                                              
                                              
                                                                          
                                                                         
              Rhinoceros.v4.0.SR7.Update.Only.Cracked-RedT                     
                                                                               
                                                                         
     DATE......: 03/12/2009                                              
     SUPPLIER..: RED TEAM                                                
     CRACKER...: RED TEAM                                                
     PACKER....: RED TEAM                                                
     TYPE......: Crack                                                   
     PROTECTION: Other                                                   
     PLATFORM..: WinAll                                                  
     SIZE......: 14x.5.00MB                                              
     URL.......: http://www.rhino3d.com/                                 
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                    
                                        
                       
                 N O T E S                
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
      To be an effective designer today, you need tools to quickly       
         develop your designs and accurately communicate them to         
        everyone in the product research, development, marketing,        
               and manufacturing or construction process.                
                                                                         
                            Designed in Rhino                            
       Start with a sketch, drawing, physical model, scan data, or       
        only an ideaRhino provides the tools to accurately model        
        and document your designs ready for rendering, animation,        
          drafting, engineering, analysis, and manufacturing or          
                              construction.                              
                                                                         
       Rhino can create, edit, analyze, document, render, animate,       
        and translate NURBS curves, surfaces, and solids with no         
       limits on complexity, degree, or size. Rhino also supports        
             polygon meshes and point clouds. Rhino offers:              
                                                                         
       Uninhibited free-form 3-D modeling. Tools like those found        
        only in products costing 20 to 50 times more. Accurately         
                    model any shape you can imagine.                     
                                                                         
        Extreme precision. Design, prototype, engineer, analyze,         
      document, and manufacture anything of any size no matter how       
                           small or how large.                           
                                                                         
        Unrestricted editing. Revise freely without concern about        
             how you got there or where you want to go next.             
                                                                         
        2-D drafting, annotation, and illustration. In addition,         
         flatten 3-D surfaces into 2-D patterns and drive laser,         
                     plasma, and water jet cutters.                      
                                                                         
       Large project organization. Work with both large models and       
                              large teams.                               
                                                                         
          Compatibility. Exchange files with your other design,          
       drafting, CAM, engineering, analysis, rendering, animation,       
                       and illustration software.                        
                                                                         
        File read and repair. Fix extremely challenging IGES and         
                               mesh files.                               
                                                                         
           Direct connection. Support for wide variety of 3-D            
            digitizing arms, 3-D scanners, and 3-D printers.             
                                                                         
       Customization. Easy-to-use tools let both you and software        
              developers make Rhino fit your special needs.              
                                                                         
         Short learning curve. Focus on design and visualization         
                without being distracted by the software.                
                                                                         
      Speed. Even on an ordinary laptop computer Rhino is fast. No       
                      special hardware is required.                      
                                                                         
         Affordability. Ordinary hardware. Short learning curve.         
        Priced like other Windows software. No maintenance fees.         
                     Worldwide support is included.                      
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                   
                                        
                       
               R L S N F O              
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
                               1. read nfo                               
                                2. unpack                                
                               3. install                                
                             4. replace file                             
                     5. thank you for choosing RedT                      
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                      
                                                                    
                                        
                       
                G i N F O               
                                               
                                                        
                                                              
                                                                      
                                                                         
                                                                         
                          No News At The Moment                          
                                                                         
                           We are not looking                            
                                   for                                   
                                anything                                 
                                                                         
                         C O N T A C T                             
                                                              
                    www...:                                
                      email...:                               
                        iRC...:                                
                                                                 
                                                               
                       RedT is a Closed Group                  
                                                               
                                                             
                                                            
                                                  
                                     
                         
                                   
                                    
                                  
                 ascii  VN!RcA 
                          
                                
                                         
                              
                                         
                                              
                                    2k9