The Libertines
Reading Festival
Saturday 28th August 2010


BBC 3 >freeview digibox > optical cable > D50 > PC > ..

.. > WAV > normalised in Audacity > MP3 > you


01 Horrorshow
02 The Delaney
03 Vertigo
04 Last Post On The Bugle
05 Tell The King
06 Boys In The Band
07 Music When The Lights Go Out
08 What Katie Did
09 What Became Of The Likely Lads
10 Can't Stand Me Now
11 Death On The Stairs
12 The Ha Ha Wall
13 Don't Look Back Into The Sun
14 Time For Heroes
15 Time For Heroes 2
16 The Good Old Days
17 Radio America/Up The Bracket
18 What A Waster
19 I Get Along


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Review from here -
 
http://www.nme.com/news/the-libertines/52758
  

  * 28 August 2010
   
The Libertines forced offstage mid-song during Reading Festival set

Pete Doherty and Carl Barât have the sound turned down on them during 'Time For Heroes'

    * August 28, 2010 | 0 Comments
    * Buy The Libertines Music
    * The Libertines news RSS feed
    * More The Libertines news, reviews, videos and tour dates

  

The Libertines had the sound turned off on them midway through 'Time For Heroes' during their Reading Festival set tonight (August 28).

There was no explanation as to why the band had to leave the stage, although video screens showed fans being crushed at the front of the stage. Just as Carl Barât was about to launch into the solo of 'Time For Heroes' the sound was turned down until the band were playing without people being able to hear them. Roadies then ran on to tell them they could not be heard, and the band left the stage.

They returned after a couple of minutes, with drummer Gary Powell coming on first and playing a similar drumbeat to Queen's 'We Will Rock You'. Shortly after Barât, Pete Doherty and John Hassall followed, with the band then launching seamlessly into the solo of 'Time For Heroes' and completing their set.

As with their previous gigs this week, Doherty and Barât said little to the audience, although they did hug and kiss each other throughout. The band's set was also exactly the same as last night's at Leeds Festival.

With no more gigs scheduled, the reunited band did not give any clues about their future as they left the stage, although all four members did come together at the front and hug and bow in front of the audience.

The Libertines played:

'Horrorshow'
'The Delaney'
'Vertigo'
'Last Post On The Bugle'
'Tell The King'
'Boys In The Band'
'Music When The Lights Go Out'
'What Katie Did'
'What Became Of The Likely Lads'
'Can't Stand Me Now'
'Death On The Stairs'
'The Ha Ha Wall'
'Don't Look Back Into The Sun'
'Time For Heroes'
'The Good Old Days'
'Radio America'/'Up The Bracket'
'What A Waster'
'I Get Along'




