Editor's Choice Windows Registry Cleaner
Don't compromise your Windows registry with the second best!
World's most popular registry cleaner with over 60 million downloads.
Recommended by experts and editors as the world's best registry cleaner. 
Clean the registry to fix Windows errors and crashes.
Registry defrag to optimize your PC for better performance.
FREE support for all customers. 
Easy to use. Designed for both expert and novice users. 
100% Money Back Guarantee.

With Registry Mechanic you can safely clean, repair and optimize the Windows® registry with a few simple mouse clicks! Problems with the Windows® registry are a common cause of Windows® crashes, slow performance and error messages. By using a registry cleaner regularly and fixing registry errors your system should not only be more stable but it will also help improve your system performance without expensive hardware upgrades. Learn more about the importance of a clean registry with our registry insight.

[+] Click to Enlarge

Registry Mechanic uses a high-performance detection algorithm to quickly identify missing and invalid references in your Windows® registry. These problems can occur for many reasons including being left-behind after the un-installation or incorrect removal of software, by missing or corrupt hardware drivers, or orphaned startup programs.

With a few easy steps our Windows registry cleaner will scan your entire registry for any invalid entries in the Windows registry and provide a list of the registry errors found, you can then choose to selectively clean each item or automatically repair them all. For your convenience and protection Registry Mechanic can also make a backup of any repairs made so that you can easily recover any changes if required.
Registry Mechanic Windows Registry Cleaner InformationCurrent Version:	9.0.0.120
File Size:	9,505 KB
Operating System:	
Microsoft Windows 7 (32bit, 64bit)
Windows Vista SP1+ (32bit, 64bit)
Windows XP SP2+ (32bit)
Release Date:	October 15, 2009
Designed to:	
Clean, defrag and compact your registry to optimize your PC for better performance.
Trial Limitations: Enter serial key provided and there is no trial limitation	

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please seed
Enjoy!
Thanks

if you windows 7 users are wondering if it works on win7?
then i can tell you that it does because im running windows 7 ultimate build 7600
and it runs fine if anyone has a problem dont be shy.....
let me know
i'll try and fix it or atleast help