File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" is the title of a song written by Chris Lindsey, Aimee Mayo, and Troy Verges, and recorded by American country artist Kellie Pickler. It was released in August 2009 as the third single from her self-titled second album, and her sixth single release overall.

The music video, directed by Roman White, debuted on CMT on September 11, 2009. The video begins with Pickler sitting on a bed, before making her way outside to a balcony. She is then shown standing among ruins, and then walking along the beach. The video was shot in the Dominican Republic.

"Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" is a power ballad, backed primarily by piano and electric guitar. The female narrator describes the feeling of losing the one she loves:

    Didn't you know how much I loved you
    Didn't you know how much I loved you, baby
    I gave you everything, every part of me
    Didn't you feel it when I touched you
    Didn't I rock you when I loved you, baby
    Baby tell me
    Didn't you know how much I loved you

The song was originally featured as a track on Pickler's debut album, Small Town Girl. It was later re-recorded and included on Kellie Pickler, from which it was released as a single at Pickler's request: "I love 'Didn’t You Know How Much I Loved You!' I was gonna put it on every album until it was released as a single. I guess they figure this might finally shut me up."

Kellie Pickler is the self-titled second studio album by country artist Kellie Pickler. The lead-off single, "Don't You Know You're Beautiful" was debuted at the 43rd Academy Of Country Music awards and was a Top 25 hit, peaking at #21. The album was released via BNA Records/19 Recordings on September 30, 2008. The second single, "Best Days Of Your Life" (a song she co-wrote with good friend Taylor Swift, who also provides background vocals), was released in November and became Pickler's first Top 10 hit, peaking at #9. "Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You," a re-recording from Kellie's debut album Small Town Girl, was released on August 31, 2009 as the third single.

"Lucky Girl" was previously recorded by co-writer Catherine Britt on her third full-length studio album Little Wildflower.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/



