Korean Drama- 9 End 2 Outs
February 1, 2008

Image and Information
Alternative Titles: 9회말 2아웃 / Bottom of the 9th (Inning), 2 Outs
Country: South Korea, 2007
Director: Han Chul Soo
Cast: Lee Jung Jin, Soo Ae, Lee Tae Sung, Hwang Ji Hyun
Type: Romance, Comedy
Rating: 5/5
Summary: Nan Hee (Soo Ae) is a 30-year-old who works as an editor in a publishing company. She does not have that much luck with love and has gone through countless of boyfriends. Actually, at one point in the story, she goes through all of them. She is currently secretly dating a budding 22-year-old baseball player, Jung Joo (Lee Tae Sung). Anyways, one day, she get this mysterious call and it turns out to be her old and first love, Hyung Tae (Lee Jung Jin) (who now works at an advertising company). They’ve scheduled to be called by a company and they become fast friends again. Nan Hee eventually moves in with Hyung Tae because she can’t live with her mother (who wants her to get married as soon as possible). They must keep their living arrangements a secret and there are some funny parts when her mother is there and Hyung Tae is hiding in his bedroom. Feelings develop between Hyung Tae and Nan Hee, but it is more of a super really-close-friend (like when a couple lives together for a long time) than love. Sometimes, the line is blurry between love and good friend.

Nan Hee has maintained close friendships with a couple of their college friends and, once again, they all meet up. College romance rises again, but this time, they are all adults with different feelings. Sung Ah (Hwang Ji Hyun) is a classical guitarist who was dating Hyung Tae until she ran away to Europe (I think it was Italy). Hyung Tae has never gotten over her and when Sung Ah comes back to South Korea, she rivals Nan Hee for Hyung Tae’s affection.

Impression: I really really liked this drama becuase it talks about relationships and how they can get messy sometimes. It also talks about independence and trusting other people. There are so many people involved in their lives. I think Nan Hee has a total of 3 guys who propose to her. Hyung Tae goes out with 2 girls (not including Nan Hee). The relationship between Nan Hee and Hyung Tae is one that is comfortable. It’s like a really good brother-sister relationship. This is currently my favourite drama because nothing major happens. It talks about people facing everyday issues and dealing with their emotions. It also talks about how one’s history influences who one is..but not only that…it talks about how the past influences the present and how people adapt.