Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Vanilla Fudge - You Keep Me Hangin' On (Live-Beat Club)


"You Keep Me Hangin' On" is a 1966 number-one hit song originally recorded by The Supremes for the Motown label.

Written and produced by Motown's main production team Holland–Dozier–Holland, the song became The Supremes' eighth number-one single, topping the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart for two weeks in November 1966, and the number one the soul chart for four weeks. The track is one of the more oft-covered songs in the Supremes canon. They performed the song on the ABC variety program The Hollywood Palace on Saturday, October 29, 1966.

Musicians such as Wilson Pickett, Rod Stewart, Melanie Safka, Gov't Mule, Colourbox, Madness have all recorded versions of the song, but the three most successful remakes were recorded by the late-1960s rock band Vanilla Fudge, 1980s pop singer Kim Wilde, and 1990s country singer Reba McEntire.

Vanilla Fudge's 1967 psychedelic/hard rock remake of "You Keep Me Hangin' On" reached #6 on the Hot 100 chart two years after the release of the Supremes' recording. While the version released on 45 RPM single was under three minutes long, the album version was extended to six minutes and forty-five seconds. The recording, done in one take, was Vanilla Fudge's first single. 

Vanilla Fudge is an American rock band. The band's original lineup - vocalist/organist Mark Stein, bassist/vocalist Tim Bogert, lead guitarist/vocalist Vince Martell, and drummer/vocalist Carmine Appice - recorded five albums during the years 1967-69, before disbanding in 1970. The band has reunited in various configurations over the years, and is currently operating with its four original members. The band has been cited as, "one of the few American links between psychedelia and what soon became heavy metal."

Vanilla Fudge (Atco 33-224/mono, SD 33-224/stereo) is the first album by the American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge. It was released in summer 1967 and consists entirely of covers of songs, which were slowed down to about half speed of the original recordings by their original artists. The album is dedicated to Mrs. Lucy Monaco, the mother of Joseph Monaco who had a basement studio where groups associated with album's producer, Shadow Morton, were known to record. Publicly she has only been acknowledged as a close friend of Shadow Morton.

The album was Vanilla Fudge's most successful, peaking at #6 on the Billboard album charts in September 1967. An edited version of "You Keep Me Hangin' On" was released as a single and also charted.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

