ADOBE CAPTIVATE 5 

This torrent contains;

Adobe Captivate 5
Adobe Captivate Reviewer
Adobe Captivate Quiz Results Analyser
Adobe Media Encoder CS5
Adobe Fonts CS5
NeoSpeech text-to-speech voice databases
Loquendo text-to-speech voice databases

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rapidly create, smoothly deliver, and easily maintain rich eLearning content

Add software demonstrations, interactive simulations, branching scenarios, and 
quizzes to your courseware without programming using Adobe Captivate 5 software. 
Go beyond screen capture and achieve superior results in fewer steps thanks to 
an intuitive user interface, collaboration workflows, and a multitude of 
timesaving features. Easily integrate your content with eLearning applications 
and leading SCORM- and AICC-compliant Learning Management Systems to deliver 
content virtually anywhere.

What is Adobe Captivate 5?

Adobe Captivate 5 software is a rapid eLearning authoring tool that lets almost 
anyone create and maintain complex content like software demonstrations, 
interactive simulations, branching scenarios, and quizzes, without programming. 
Its intuitive user interface and extensive feature set lets users craft richer 
content, be more productive, and deliver their eLearning virtually anywhere.
Who should use Adobe Captivate 5?

Adobe Captivate 5 is ideal for eLearning professionals, educators, trainers, 
technical support managers, and sales and marketing professionals who need to 
rapidly create and conveniently maintain a variety of training materials and 
demos without learning programming or having to outsource the task to professional 
developers.

What kinds of training content can I create using Adobe Captivate 5?

You can create most types of simulation-based or interactive eLearning content 
with Adobe Captivate 5, from simple SWF versions of slide-based presentations 
to complex scenario-based, soft-skills training, and from software simulations 
and demonstrations to quizzes.

What are the new features in Adobe Captivate 5?

The new features in Adobe Captivate 5 include an intuitive and highly productive 
user interface consistent with popular Adobe applications; support for popular 
video formats like AVI, MOV, MPEG, and FLV; the ability to create rich 
animations; Object Styles and Master Slides for global formatting.

Yes. Any eLearning content you create using Adobe Captivate 5 can be saved in 
SWF format and viewed using a standard web browser with Adobe Flash Player 9 
or 10 software. You can also import custom-designed animations (like zigzag 
motion) created in Flash Professional into an Adobe Captivate project and apply 
them to selected objects; export Adobe Captivate content to Flash for advanced 
editing or scripting; and import SWF, FLA, and FLV files into Adobe Captivate 
projects.

Does Adobe Captivate 5 integrate with Adobe Connect and Adobe Presenter?

It does. Adobe Captivate 5 provides tight integration with Adobe Connect 
software, allowing authors to improve training effectiveness by adding a layer 
of interactivity to Adobe Presenter presentations and Adobe Connect online 
meetings. Users can also publish Adobe Captivate files directly to Adobe Connect 
Enterprise Server, to deliver content through standard web browsers, and track 
and manage courses and learners.

What kinds of rich media can I include in my Adobe Captivate content?

Adobe Captivate 5 supports several kinds of rich media, including images in 
PSD, GIF, JPEG, PNG, BMP, ICO, EMF, WMF, and POT format; MP3 sound files; and 
popular animation and video formats like SWF, FLA, FLV with metatags, AVI, MOV, 
and MPEG.

Can I import PowerPoint 2007/10 projects into Adobe Captivate 5?

You can import projects created in PowerPoint 2007/10 in the PPTX format, as well 
as the PPT format, in Adobe Captivate 5. You can edit PowerPoint content in 
Adobe Captivate and keep the projects in sync.

How does Adobe Captivate 5 compare with other screen recording tools, such as 
Camtasia?

Adobe Captivate lets you generate robust software simulations with multiple 
learning modes in a single recording session. These include demonstrations and 
interactive simulations for practice and assessment. The recording appears as a 
series of individual slides, and you can easily edit auto-generated text 
captions, highlight boxes, audio, mouse paths, and even the captured images.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THERE IS A TOOL KIT HERE FOR PREPARING A PC FOR A CLEAN INSTALL & FIXING ERRORS;      
http://thepiratebay.org/search/Adobe%20clean%20install%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/300

ADOBE TRAINING DVD'S;   
http://thepiratebay.org/search/adobe%20training%20dvd%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/200

ADOBE TRAINING MANUALS;   
http://thepiratebay.org/search/adobe%20training%20manual%20%5Bthethingy%5D/0/99/600

