According to TCM.com, the film is from 1968; according to Warner Bros. and IMdB, 1967.

Long unavailable on DVD, with the best version extant being a pan-and-scan VHS release in the 1980s. A few years ago, the film was finally transferred in high definition and its original aspect ratio for airing on Turner Classic Movies. Finally, Warner Bros. finally saw fit to release The Fox on DVD through its Warner Archive collection (http://www.wbshop.com/Fox-The/1000109258,default,pd.html?cgid=), albeit on a frills-free DVD-R. While the film wasn't necessarily remastered/cleaned, the transfer is quite pretty. Some dust, etc., but no more than one would see in a movie theater.

While the movie's story has the dreaded ending that so many movies featuring lesbians has (at the end one of the characters goes off with a man, redeemed at last), it's still of historical significance. Coming at the height of the massive cultural change of the 1960s, this was one of the first post-code major Hollywood studio attempts to address lesbianism on-screen in a mature manner. (Of course, it still managed to cause some controversy at its release, and advertising reflected its "wild" reputation). It anticipates by several years the revolution in film-making of the early 1970s of nuanced, realistic looks at individual lives, questioning ethics and morality, etc. As well, it carries some literary cachet, being a somber adaptation of a D.H Lawrence work... unlike the Emmanuelle-like Lady Chatterley's Lover.

From Warner's site, the plot synopsis:
Jill Banford and Ellen March have built a good life together on a hardscrabble Canadian farm. Then handsome Paul Grenfel enters their isolated world, and sets friend against friend. But is Paul the real trouble between Jill and Ellen? Or has his presence merely awakened the unspoken, unexplored sexual tension that always existed between the women? Sandy Dennis, Keir Dullea and Anne Heywood portray the three sides of an incendiary triangle in this breakthrough film that sparked controversy in its day and remains fascinating in ours. Based on a D.H. Lawrence novella and directed by Mark Rydell (On Golden Pond), The Fox probes the mysteries of human relationships with maturity, subtlety and candor.

From TCM.com:
On a desolate, snowbound Canadian farm, Jill Banford and Ellen March struggle to make their living by raising chickens. The more dependent and sensitive Jill tends to the kitchen chores and the bookkeeping, while the stronger and self-sufficient Ellen handles the heavier work--rebuilding broken fences, chopping wood, and stalking the red fox that raids their chicken coops. Jill seems happy with this arrangement, but Ellen is frustrated, particularly sexually, and she resorts to masturbation for satisfaction. One night a merchant seaman, Paul Grenfel, arrives to visit his grandfather, the deceased former owner of the farm. Having no other plans, Paul persuades the women to let him spend his leave with them and help with the work. Trouble develops when his obvious attraction to Ellen arouses Jill's bitter resentment. During a heated argument between the two women Paul takes a shotgun, goes out into the night, and kills the fox. Then, on the eve of his departure, he takes Ellen to an abandoned cabin, makes love to her, and urges her to go away with him. But Ellen cannot bring herself to abandon Jill. When Paul finally leaves to return to the sea, the depressed Ellen permits Jill to make love to her; and, as time passes, the women resume their former life. Ellen writes Paul, rejecting his marriage proposal. Then, while they are chopping down a dying oak, Paul suddenly returns. Taking the axe from Ellen, he warns Jill to step back lest the tree twist when it falls. But Jill petulantly ignores his advice and is killed as the giant oak crashes to the ground. Once Ellen has buried Jill and sold the farm, she goes with Paul. All that remains of the life the three persons shared is the skin of the dead fox, still hanging on the barn door where Paul nailed it.

---
700 mb, 1.73:1 aspect ratio. Seeding on basic DSL, so give this a bit of time to fully seed.