Thanks To Original Uploader...

Filmed entirely in Israel, this new series offers a biblical perspective on the history of the Jewish people from Abraham to Armageddon.

DVD One - From Abraham to Jesus

From Abraham to Jesus is an exciting 2000-year overview of the history of Israel beginning with Abraham, the first Jew and Father of Nations, and culminating with the birth in Bethlehem of Jesus, the Jew who divided history.

DVD Two - Jesus, the Jew Who Divided History

While it is possible to explain Christ’s influence on His own generation, how do we explain His influence on ours and on every other generation since He first walked over the green hills of His native Galilee? This unit answers these and many other questions about the Jew who divided history.

DVD Three - Anti-Semitism

If it is true that the Jewish people are the chosen of God, then it is equally true that they have had to endure incredible suffering precisely because of that unique relationship, and never more so than in the European Holocaust. This unit examines the origins and roots of anti-Semitism, this evil plague’s negative impact on Jewish life in every culture and in virtually every generation.

DVD Four - Aliyah, Rebirth of A Nation

Can a nation be born in a day? This unit both asks and answers this profound question by tracing the history of the Jewish children of Abraham from the destruction of Jerusalem by the Romans in A.D. 70, through 20 centuries of exile among the nations, up and until their miraculous return to their ancient and biblical homeland, Israel.

DVD Five - Israel in Crisis

Since her rebirth in 1948, Israel has struggled to survive as a Jewish homeland in a hostile neighborhood, a democracy surrounded by nations governed by dictators. Wars and rumors of wars have been the daily diet Israelis have had to swallow for more than 60 years. And between the wars the incessant threat of terror attacks, when suicide bombers stalk the streets, and when every bus or gathering place is a target and maximum collateral damage the goal. Yet, somehow Israel has continued to survive and thrive.

DVD Six - What Time Is It?

Armageddon: the mother of all battles. How do we explain the fact that one of the smallest nations on earth, both in terms of population and land area, is headline news every day? And why has Jerusalem, a city virtually ignored for 2000 years, suddenly become the focus of the nations? This final unit in the series examines current events and climate changes in light of biblical prophecies, specifically showing how Israel and Jerusalem fit into this end time scenario, and how there is a prophetic continuum from Abraham to Armageddon.

"My wife and I just viewed Israel A Journey Through Time in its entirety, in one sitting!  It was that captivating and informative and factual. It's urgent, we believe, that all Christians come to a deeper understanding of our Jewish roots and heritage and our link to the destiny of Israel. This film is a graduate course in these things." - Pat Boone
 
http://www.christiancinema.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=2719

Plz Plz Plz SEED as long as possible....

Uploaded By Abraham