Version Comparisson    http://bayimg.com/FaFBlaAcb


Backup & Recovery 10 Suite

Our newest complex disaster recovery and system migration solution combines two methods for securing your system and data – the time proved Drive Backup™ method with rich functionality and excellent flexibility, and the new
System Backup™ method based on simplicity and minimal user participation.

The suite also builds a bullet-proof shield against any disaster with the brand new Virtualization Manager™ which successfully migrates Windows based systems to different hardware platforms (P2P) and virtual systems (P2V).


Backup - Key Features
  	 
Advanced Drive Backup 10 Pro technology 	

Benefit from the newest Drive Backup 10 Pro technology with all existing capabilities to meet your complex backup needs.
Out-of-box automated system backup 	

Use  our new System Backup technology for the easiest backup ever: just set up the software once and it starts protecting your system and data immediately, and on a regular basis automatically.
Any backup destination 	

Including local mounted/un-mounted partitions, external storage locations, CD/DVD/Blu-ray discs, network shares, FTP servers as well as a secured hidden partition on your local drive (Paragon Backup Capsule).
Comprehensive Imaging for Win2K+ systems 	

Benefit from Microsoft Volume Shadow Copy Service (MS VSS) or Paragon Hot Processing – no more interruptions  for your work.
Smart Backup Wizard 	

Back up exactly what you need and with the best backup method, chosen automatically depending on the data to protect.

Recovery - Key Features
  	 
Brand new Virtualization Manager™ 	

Recover a Win2K+ system to a different hardware platform (P2P) or within minutes to a virtual environment (P2V).
Linux/DOS and WinPE 2.1 bootable recovery environments 	

Available on CD/DVD/Blu-ray or flash memory: get the system back on track when it fails to boot, accomplish bare-metal system deployment, etc.
Selective Restore of the data you need 	Easily extract files and folders from a backup image without needing to restore the whole image.
Boot Corrector 	Fix most of the system’s boot problems which resulted from human error, program error, or a boot virus activity.


Migration and Virtualization - Key Features
  	 
Easy system migration to a different or dissimilar physical or virtual environment 	

In case of hardware damage, you can continue using your OS on a different hardware.
Online processing of locked (in-use) hard disks 	

Migrate without rebooting Windows and interrupting its work.
Support for all popular virtual machines 	Including MS Virtual PC, VMware Workstation, and VMware Fusion.
Adjusts OS automatically 	Recover the system’s startup ability when migrating it to a different hardware platform.
Smart Driver Injection 	Make the process of adding new drivers for P2V and P2P operations smooth and easy.