Title: La Dernière Fugue aka The Last Escape
Year: 2010
Country: Canada / Luxembourg
Language: French
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 90 min
Resolution: 848 X 478
Bitrates: 448kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Léa Pool
Starring: Yves Jacques         ...  André
	  Jacques Godin        ...  Le père
	  Andrée Lachapelle    ...  La mère
	  Aliocha Schneider    ...  Sam
	  Nicole Max           ...  Isabelle
	  Marie-France Lambert ...  Géraldine
	  Martine Francke      ...  Julie
	  Benoît Gouin         ...  Bernard
	  Isabelle Miquelon    ...  Mireille
	  Patrick Hastert      ...  Jean-Maurice
	  Joël Delsaut         ...  Pierre
	  Noa Katz             ...  Amandine
	  Camille Felton       ...  Emma
	  Félicien Schiltz     ...  Xavier Jr.
	  Matthias Urbain      ...  Jules

IMDB Link:   
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1363376/

Synopis: Christmas approaches and the Lévesque family has once again gathered for their traditional celebration. But this time there is a mixture of emotions running through each person. The patriarch of the family (Jacques Godin) suffers from a combination of Parkinson's Disease and heart failure. His life reduced in every way, the end approaches and there are unhappy memories of his once violent and authoritarian past. But his wife, ten children and many grandchildren try to maintain a semblance of the Christmas season. Conversations quickly turn around the health and care of the father, but also the devoted mother who, day by day, exhausted and worn down shrinks a little more. André, the eldest son has never loved his father, and with reason as we learn through flashbacks. Yet even he is shocked by the by the downfall of his once all-powerful father. (CinemaClock)


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ