Miles Davis - Circle In The Round CD 1 of 2
Original Release Date: October 27, 1955
Audio CD: December 29, 1990 
Number of Discs: 2 
Label: Sony 
Bitrate: 320 kbps

Circle offers a sweeping anthology of MIles Davis recordings from 1955 to 1970 that show the restless genius of jazz undergoing swift changes as thoroughgoing as the era where they took place.  "Two Bass Hit" was recorded at his first Columbia session.  "Love for Sale" features the "Kind of Blue" lineup of John Coltrane on tenor, Cannonball Adderley on alto, Bill Evans on piano, Paul Chambers on bass, and Jimmy Cobb on drums.  The title track shows Miles stretching into new conceptual worlds with Wayne Shorter on tenor, Herbie Hancock on celeste, Ron Carter on bass, Tony Williams on drums, and Joe Beck on guitar.  The set closes with Miles's fusion band playing an atmospheric version of David Crosby's "Guinnevere. " ~ John Swenson 

Unavailable in the U. S. ! Two CD collection of extended alternate takes and unreleased material spanning Miles' acoustic bands ofthe '50s through his electric bands of the early '70s.  Features musical assistance from Wayne Shorter, John Coltrane, CannonballAdderley, Herbie Hancock, Red Garland, Bill Evans, Chick Corea, Billy Cobham, Ron Carter, Jack De Johnette and many others.  10 tracks.  ~ Product Description ~ Sony. 

I have this on LP and in my opinion, "Circle in the Round" is the finest work that I ever heard.  I dig the record, I dig the side, but I don't dig why this is a hidden CD.  You never hear about it! This should be in the top ten of Miles.  If you don't have the CD, GET IT.  If you can get the record, GET IT INSTEAD.  ~ Earthwormgym

I don't remember what led me to buy this CD, but I'm glad I did.  Fans of Miles Davis should most certainly have it.  It has this surreal, amorphous feel to it, if one can describe music like that. . .  as if Miles is searching, probing for something.  For those introspective moments we have, perhaps late at night, the collection of tracks here are wonderfully apt.  And it really grows on you.  

All the tracks are very good, but the last track, "Guinnevere," in particular, is alone worth the price of this double-CD set.  It is a pretty long track (18 minutes and change), but not long enough. . .  ~ A Miles Fan, Amazon

Personnel:
Miles Davis (trumpet, chimes, bells);
Wayne Shorter (soprano & tenor saxophones);
Cannonball Adderley (alto saxophone);
John Coltrane, Hank Mobley (tenor saxophone);
Bennie Maupin (bass clarinet);
Herbie Hancock (acoustic & electric pianos, celeste);
Joe Zawinul (piano, keyboards);
Red Garland, Bill Evans, Wynton Kelly (piano);
Chick Corea (electric piano, keyboards);
Joe Beck, George Benson (electric guitar);
Khalil Balakrishna (sitar);
Paul Chambers, Ron Carter, Dave Holland (acoustic bass);
Harvey Brooks (electric bass);
Philly Joe Jones, Jimmy Cobb, Tony Williams, Jack DeJohnette, Billy Cobham (drums);
Airto Moreira (percussion)

Miles Davis - Circle In The Round CD 1 of 2 Tracks:
01  Two bass hit
02  Love for sale
03  Blues no.  2
04  Circle in the round