Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Soul to Squeeze" is a song by the American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers that was originally recorded during the production of their fifth studio album, Blood Sugar Sex Magik (1991). Although it was not featured on the record—and compiled as a b-side to "Under the Bridge"—"Soul to Squeeze" was later released as a single in 1993 to coincide with its inclusion on the Coneheads film soundtrack.

The song became an unexpected success when it peaked at number one on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks as well as number twenty-two on the Hot 100.

The music video for "Soul to Squeeze" was directed by Kevin Kerslake and features Chad Smith, Flea and Kiedis in a stereotypical circus. The song, which plays amongst all the acts of the circus, includes "freaks" and "the Conehead", a reference to the film.

The music video was shot in black and white. Though John Frusciante does play guitar on this song, he is not visibly featured in the video as he had left the band in 1992. Someone with his likeness is featured wearing a large black hat and can be seen at the end of the table in the video.

Originally, the video was supposed to feature the band playing spliced with footage from the film Coneheads, but the band refused this idea. Another scrapped music video idea had the band playing in the desert after a car accident, somewhat like the video later made for their song, "Scar Tissue". This version was meant to have a connection to the afterlife.

Chris Farley makes an appearance in the music video.

Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American alternative rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1983. For most of the band's existence, the members have been vocalist Anthony Kiedis, guitarist John Frusciante (who announced in December 2009 that he has quit the band), bassist Michael "Flea" Balzary, and drummer Chad Smith. The band's varied musical style has fused traditional funk with elements of other genres including alternative, punk rock, and psychedelic rock. They are considered one of the most popular bands of their time.

In addition to Kiedis and Flea, the group originally featured guitarist Hillel Slovak and drummer Jack Irons. Slovak, however, died of a heroin overdose in 1988, resulting in Irons' departure. Irons was replaced briefly by former Dead Kennedys drummer D.H. Peligro before the band found a permanent replacement in Smith, while Slovak was replaced by up-and-coming guitarist Frusciante. This lineup recorded the band's fourth and fifth albums, Mother's Milk (1989) and Blood Sugar Sex Magik (1991).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

