Giuffria - Silk And Steel (1986) [2000 CD With Bonus Track]
CD (2000) To MP3 320 Kbit/s.
Included: CD Covers + Booklet & This Info.

Giuffria (Band)  From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Giuffria was an American  rock  band that was formed in 1982 by Gregg Giuffria after his departure from the band Angel, a glam rock/heavy metal band from Washington, D.C..

History of the Band
Giuffria was composed of Gregg Giuffria (keyboards), David Glen Eisley (lead vocalist), Craig Goldy (guitar), Chuck Wright (bass), and Alan Krigger (drums). Tom Quinton played drums for several months in 1983-84 but was dumped in favor of Alan Krigger, who looked more like a hard rock drummer than did Quinton. They were signed to MCA Records in 1984. Giuffria's self-titled debut album, Giuffria, soon followed peaking at #26 on the album charts while spawning two hit singles, "Call to Your Heart" (Hot 100 #15) and "Lonely In Love" (Hot 100 #57). The band was the opening act on Deep Purple 1984 reformation US tour, and was badly treated by Ritchie Blackmore who cut the band set from 45 minutes to 25 minutes, no guitar solo and no encores. The band went to tour as the opening act on Foreigner's Agent Provocateur tour, and enjoyed considerable success. The band played a few shows in Japan in June 1985, a live VHS tape was released under the Giuffria japan tour '85 title. Giuffria, then appeared on the Gotcha! soundtrack with the songs "Never Too Late" And "Say It Ain't True". A third track "What's Your Name?" featured the vocals of David Glen Eisley but was listed as Camelflage. Their next album, Silk and Steel, was released in 1986, following some lineup changes (Goldy joined Dio and was replaced by guitarist Lanny Cordola, and Wright came back to Quiet Riot and was replaced by bassist David Sikes). However, the first single "I must be dreaming" failed to hit the Top 40 landing at a peak position of #52 and the album managed only peak at #60 on the Billboard 200. A second single was released for "Love You Forever" but the proper label promotion was not in place and aside from an American Bandstand performance of the single it quickly disappeared failing to make the Hot 100. A third album was in the works from 1987-1988, but was eventually sacked in favor of the House of Lords debut album. However, nine tracks from the Giuffria III sessions can be found on David Glen Eisley's Lost Tapes release. Giuffria were soon dropped by MCA Records and soon disbanded but not prior to recording demos for what would later become the House of Lords project.

Side projects
Gregg Giuffria went on to form House of Lords and signed a record deal with Simmons Records, a new record company launched by his longtime friend Gene Simmons. Gene Simmons trademarked the name House of Lords, changed the band name to House of Lords and fired vocalist David Glen Eisley. Giuffria has since left the music business and now owns a business in Las Vegas.

Silk and Steel (Giuffria album)  From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Silk and Steel was the second album released by 1980s glam rock band Giuffria in 1986. It was produced by Pat Glasser, who was at the time also the producer of Giuffria's MCA  labelmates Night Ranger. The band covered "I Must Be Dreaming," a Willy DeVille song that went #52 on the Billboard Hot 100. The record's peak position on The Billboard 200 was #60 on June 21, 1986.


Giuffria (Band)  Biography  by Shawn Perry  allmusic.com
Giuffria was formed in the early '80s by ex-Angel keyboardist Gregg Giuffria. The band included vocalist David Glen Eisley, guitarist Craig Goldy, bassist Chuck Wright, and drummer Alan Krigger. Similar to the power pop/arena hard rock style of Journey, Giuffria's 1984 self-titled debut met with marginal success, spawning the hit single "Call to Your Heart." Giuffria went on to open for Deep Purple and Foreigner before headlining a tour of their own in Japan. Replacing Goldy and Wright with Lanny Cordola and David Sikes, Giuffria's second, 1986 release, Silk and Steel, suffered from lack of promotion and tour support. After the band quietly disbanded, Gregg Giuffria regrouped with Cordola and Wright to form House of Lords. 

(Giuffria album)  Review  by Doug Stone  allmusic.com
Released back when there was always two sides to every audio story (i.e., side one and side two), Giuffria's second offering houses an interesting concept: polarizing the huffy from the heavy. This is hardly a revolutionary idea, as such was the common format of most AOR at the time, and perhaps for the sake of balance some silk slips into the steel and vice versa, so the record ultimately ends up heavy on the light. The titular titan's bombastic keyboards float like angel feathers amongst David Glen Eisley's lung-busting vocals (Eisley even scats with axeman Lanny Cordola right out of the gate on "No Escape"). The saccharine sweetness of "Love You Forever" and "Girl" isn't sticky enough and makes your teeth hurt, but brief radio-ringer "I Must Be Dreaming" reveals a lovely, plaintive reverie, forerunner to White Lion's wimpy winner "Little Fighter" and arguably even better than the debut's "Call to the Heart" (Giuffria's shining moment on the charts). Silk closer "Change of Heart" mentions "Heart on the Line," a Rick Nielsen number the band covered as House of Lords on Sahara. Obviously these poodle poppers want the airwaves, as demonstrated on the radical "Radio" and through the production gloss of Pat Glasser, the secret of Night Ranger's success. The best steel moment, "Lethal Lover," naturally rules and quotes Journey's "Edge of the Blade" and "Hocus Pocus" by Focus. The slippery-when-wet "Dirty Little Secret" isn't as raunchy as Y&T should be, but boasts some fine playing. Giuffria's whooping keys retain their grandiose uniqueness, and the electric drums are antiquated but not annoying, ditto the blazing fretwork (a dependable hair staple) from Cordola. Honestly, though, except for one jewel on each side, these dudes can't touch Steve Perry and company. The European reissue includes a bonus, "Say It ain't True." Sinister genius Gene Simmons forced the band to change their name and vocalist to become House of Lords. 

Tracklist:
01. No Escape
02. Love You Forever
03. I Must Be Dreaming
04. Girl
05. Change Of Heart
06. Radio
07. Heartache
08. Lethal Lover
09. Tell It Like It Is
10. Dirty Secrets
Bonus Track on 2000 CD Re-Release
11. Say It Ain't True (From The Motion Picture Soundtrack "Gotcha!")

Lineup:
David Glen Eisley - Lead Vocals, Harmonica
Lanny Cordola - Guitar, Backing Vocals
David Sikes - Bass, Backing Vocals
Gregg Giuffria - Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Alan Krigger - Drums, Percussion