Create logos and other graphics that look like a photoshop guru spent hours laboring over! Save time and money by doing it all yourself! No need to wait for a logo design team to give you just one logo "within the week" ... do it yourself now! AND, with The Logo Creator, logo design software, you have the added bonus of unlimited revisions! 
 
The Logo Creator v5.2 - MEGApak

This is THE Logo Design Collection! All of the above sets in one mega - easy to install product. With these logos, you can market yourself as a free logo creator - or make money by selling the logos you create!

480 professionally created logos! • Over 1000 logo design elements!
Mix, match and manipulate each and every one of the logos! Design the perfect logo ... in minutes! Its the ultimate logo maker.

Your new logo is perfectly compatible with all web page creation tools (and most graphic programs)! Import your newly created logo into your email campaigns for a strong, memorable branding experience that will set your company above your competition!
50 Modifiable logos!
Hundreds... THOUSANDS of possibilities!

arrow The Logo Creator, logo design software is full of modifiable logo designs! Hundreds of possibilities! Thousands actually!

arrow Sell the logo designs you create to your own clients!

arrow Each logo edition comes with a library of logo design templates and logo elements including orbs, swooshes, shapes and glass-like objects!

arrow Import and manipulate your own artwork, photos and clip art images!

arrow ...and much more! 
Import images into your text ;
Take any photo or image and import into your logo text for a great effect!

Textures and patterns will add and enhance the look and feel of your images. 
Drag and Drop images;
The Logo Creator contains over 300 images to use in your logos! Choose from different categories like Orbs, swooshes and People. Drag them right into your design!

 

Some of you for sure will like this program!!


Tested and I got it Working. Block it from calling Home!!