Anti-Trojan Elite 4.9.3
Full version with Patch

[IMG]http://i775.photobucket.com/albums/yy33/ripteam/ate-box.jpg[/IMG]
Anti-Trojan EliteÖ (ATE) is a malware remover, it can detect and clean malware 
in disk or memory. Malware is software designed specifically to damage or 
disrupt a system, such as a trojan horse, a spyware or a keylogger. 
ATE contains a Real-Time File Firewall, it monitor system and clean malwares 
immediately. It is also a system security tools, you can view and control 
processes and TCP/IP network connections.

Anti Trojan Elite provide a real-time malware firewall for user, 
once a trojan or keylogger would been loaded, the ATE can detect, 
block and then clean it in time. The ATE can detect more than 35000 trojans, 
worms and keyloggers currently, and the number of malware ATE could clean 
is growing up very quickly, we collect world-wide malwares, user can using 
our auto live update feature to get the power to clean these new malwares in time.

Anti Trojan Elite has some useful utilities especially. The network utility 
can been used to disconnect suspicious TCP connections; The process utility 
can been used to kill suspicious processes even the process has the system priviage, 
even it has the ability to unload suspicious modules in all processes; T
he registry repair utility can been used to repair registry altered by malware; 
The registry monitor utility can been used to repair any change of important 
registry keys and values with real time.

THE REASONS CHOOSE ANTI TROJAN ELITE:
ò Real-time malware firewall, protecting user's computer in real-time.
ò Detecting and cleaning binded malware, doesn't hurt normal file and 
clean the malware.
ò Detecting and cleaning no process malware, some malware don't have a EXE file, 
they are only some DLL files and running as some threads in other process, 
ATE can detect and clean this type of malware even it's running.
ò Free tools. View the information of Tcp/Ip states and processes informations.

FEATURES:
ò Disk and memory scan supported.
ò Real-time malware firewall.
ò Compressed files (RAR ZIP CAB) scan supported.
ò Backup module: Backup trojan files before killing.
ò Network Manager. View the tcp/udp states and the processes they belonged to. 
  User can disconnect any tcp connection and stop the opposite process.
ò Process manager. View the processes and its DLL modules' information. 
  User can terminate any process and unload any DLL module.
ò Internet Explorer and registry repair utility.
ò Updating online supported, and auto check updates when ATE starts.
ò Real-time registry monitor utility.


Install Notes:

1) Run rtsetup.exe
2) Follow the install steps
3) restart computer
4) Copy the included patch (anti-trojan.elite-patch.exe)
5) Run anti-trojan.elite-patch.exe, Input any name you want and click OK
6) Done,

Enjoy one of the best Anti Trojan software.

TrT

Included Patch Checked with Sandboxie, KIS2010 (no problems found)