Gameloft
Category: Games
Price: $6.99
Released: Dec 08, 2009
Size: 405 MB
Seller: Gameloft S.A.
Latest version: 1.1.1



Application description
"Gameloft has completely spruced up all the original graphics making for a much more colorful and visually impressive game than the original." (TouchArcade)
"Taken alone, each city is larger than the entirety of the map used in Gangstar: West Coast Hustle; in other words, the game is gigantic." (PocketGamer.co.uk)
"Though Gameloft kept the seventies groove of the original Driver, the upgraded visuals are immediately noticeable. It's not just that car models and building architecture are cleaner. Gameloft gave Driver a fresh paint job" (IGN)

--------------------------------------------------

Discover the most stunning racing game ever created for the iPhone. Driver, the game that introduced a new genre of driving games, is back with its amazing physics and fully revamped graphics.
You are Tanner, an undercover cop posing as a getaway driver with the goal of exposing a national crime ring. The investigation will take you to Miami, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and New York.

- A breathtaking story mode with 40 missions spanning 4 giant cities, and additional modes to keep the interest up (Training, Free Play mode, Driving games)

- Unprecedented driving physics: unbelievable stunts with flinging turns, stomach-dropping jumps and impressive crashes. Your car takes damage and can potentially explode!

- The most realistic urban environments on iPhone, with revamped visuals, detailed textures and beautiful lighting effects. Each city has working traffic lights, wandering pedestrians, moving traffic and vigilant cops on patrol.

- A great soundtrack, with 3 radio stations broadcasting tracks inspired by 70s music

With Driver, you are the wheelman.

--------------------------------------------------

Other Gameloft games you may like: Gangstar: West Coast Hustle, Asphalt 5, Skater Nation, Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X, James Cameron’s Avatar and N.O.V.A. – Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance.

New in this version
--

Languages
English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Spanish

Requirements
Compatible with iPhone and iPod touch.
Requires iPhone OS 2.2.1 or later.

