 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120802/

This is a 1280 x 720 lovely convert from bluray source files
English, Italian, French German and Chinese used in various throughout this
movie - we have an English language SRT subtitles file included - NO subtitles
are hardcoded - so you can substitute any other language of subtitles if you
wish - simply check the net for the language to suit your needs - such as French
SRT offerings instead or Swedish, Norwegian, Dutch or what have you! 
(bluray version subtitles )Program length 2hrs10mins8secs

The Red Violin (with the greatest of all Ms. Greta Scacchi in the lead role)
is perhaps the most brilliant movie ever produced for mankind in what is its
real message - although it mainly communicated in thinly veiled cues (as it were).

It is the brainchild of the brilliant Film Director from French canada (Quebec)
Monsieur François Girard.

In the current atmosphere of egalatarian inanity, there has to be re-posited
the following question to all members of the "Just society" (as it were):

What is it that we call beautiful? Implicit is the notion that there also exists
potentially, that which we call ugly - and everything in between - so nothing is
just "equal" in fact!

Is specific beauty simply in the eye of the beholder even if we accept that it
exists in something potentially. Is a violin to be crafted in such a way as that
it responds completely to esoteric acoustic tests as it were. Or should the shape
and "finish" also count for some of its appeal - (if it performs its function "well enough" that is) Should it show no character of any sort in what is a
"perfect" shaping, or could it have a bit of personality too from its wood 
grains, and if so, is "tasteful conservative" a nice enough level of such ideas
of perfection. Who is to say?

And if beauty as this is to exist, how does it come about? Who is capable
of creating it, and what guides their sensibilities and creativity and abilities
to nurture what it sis they create, and hone thir own talents in this respect.
Who is best to patronize them appropriately so as to encourage their spirit in
adequate fashion. Then we are to consider, who is to be bestowed with the
beautiful of our creations. How is it that they are to merit being stewards and
owners in some respect of what is the product of mankinds best treasures. 
Speaking of which, would you say a "piece" of music making instrument is 
comparable in what it gives to what is the beauty that is the stuff of a 
"beautiful woman". If so can we ask the very same questions here. 

Some believe that simply having something to analyse, gives it somehow,
a beauty enough! What a shallow mindset hat is in fact in matters of human
considerations overall, I put it to you!


We really do have have to ask: who can best appreciate what is of beauty 
in our midst? How are they to rightly care for such of our collective treasures? 
How do they come to deserve to have our treasures. Do they have the right
sensibilities to appreciate what it is that these treasures are? Do they 
have the right sensibilties to judge the worth and merit of our treasures,
as indicated in the preceeding. 

The truth is that real beauty does not come from a mind made as a blunt 
instrument around human beings of true sensible worthiness. You have to have the
capacity to relate in our midst and care for what is beautiful - because it 
must be part of who you are. Otherwise you will mainly have envy and want to
steal, while being mainly incomptent at the business of relating politely to
those that are the producers and merited true owners of the treasures I speak of.

So if you are to produce Western music, it must come from a mind that knows
what is in fact Western sensible. Not from a mind that sees Western as alien,
foreign and best banished into the fires of "rejection oriented mindsets" in
this regard, whether for reasons of bigotry based on so called "religious" or
similar political considerations or simply from a lack of knowedge of what is
in fact  beautiful to the human mind.

If you are to care for a violin that makes such music - you must be someone that
lives with appreciation for the greatest western music within you, (although
not all music made for violin is "equal" - I love baroque personally especially
Vivaldi and some of Bach most certainly too) as without this fact, you have 
nothing more than an object for trade - and likely without any real regard for
its rightful place amongst those that better deserve it for their appreciation
of what it is that you have there somehow in you possession - gotten by ill gained
methods such as having been purloined, in fact!

And if somene has something beautiful that you desire, shold you knowingly
discount or negate its true worth or engage in similar such tactics - until
such time as you are able to possess it for yourself? If so, it may be 
subjectively speaking "worthless"  by the time it becomes yours - simply because
of the tactics you employ in its pursuit. Some negotiate for all things in life
this way.


Nothing of beauty retains this quality outside of being placed where
it can be rightly appreciated, rightly made use of, and rightly given
it nurture and care. It is otherwise simply misbegotten gains by a seeming
(Shakespearan) "Merchant of Venice" intent only on exploitation for an "extra
pound of flesh" at best, before it can be restored to a more deserving owner
(as it were).


What is Western music after all (in the best traditins that is) than a reminder of the idealism that we once stood for and therefore simply a means of reinforcing our sense of commitment and loyalty to who it is we are, as hat is what our music reminds us of, and makes us cognizant of - in what is our raison detre. 
Outside of this it remains nothing but a curioisity for those "that will never make the grade" as they lack the means to do so perhaps - if they lack the minds
with which to completely embrace in truth and reality - that which we are -
of our best as a peoples wthin this great society that has formed the beauty on this earth. Music after all is not just sounds that are made to register
on a scale of somesort to give some kind of inane pleasure that sounds
can be forced from an instrument in some or other level of volume. It must have
true are leal menaing in making you fell a part f something great. And this you
must already belong to, based on how you are made in sensible fashion to 
appreciate truly the context of its creative intent.


Michael Rizzo Chessman

Note:

We aim for practical application of all our avi movie files so that they are
able to play on your computer - which can hook up to your TV, or used on a
an HD capable DivX disc player without having to pay for expensive blank discs
to do your burn with. Nero has a free "lite" disc burner software download which
is great and very competently designed in its appeal. Always burn at the minimum
disc speed setting that you can specify Nero to use, and then use "windows task 
manager" on your PC to specify "high processing priority" for Nerosmart (during
the disc creation process). Make sure no other programs are running at the time,
and always use "disc verify" feature in turned ON position in the Nero settings
control. A disc from HP should cost 20 cents or so.

