..The Story of the Penis..

Mannepenis started on a grim and evil winter night in the year 2006 in the frostbitten kingdom of Norway. Lord Kughode and Miss Innovertiss decided to combine their two hobbies: talking about music and talking about sex. They wanted to form a band which were a parody and a tribute to the norwegian Black Metal scene.

After about a month the band was ready to reign as the pioneers of Porn Metal, the most necrotic, sick and perverted metal genre known to mankind. And of course... no one knew what the FUCK they were doing, but at least they had a place to practice their music.

At first the band consisted of only four persons: Lord Kughode (Vocals and guitar), Miss Innovertiss (Vocals), Danny Dildo (drums) and Raspeballe (Bass). Before one month had passed, Manslut and Babykuk (Christian motherfuckers) from a shitty Nu Metal band joined Mannepenis. Manslut joined in as drummer and Babykuk as session guitarist. Danny Dildo switched from drums to guitar and Lord Kughode left the guitar in order to focus only on the vocals.

After a while Babykuk had to quit because Mannepenis was too "satanic", sick and perverted for him, but since Manslut is a horny Satan, he remained even though he is christian.

SM Pingoo became the substitute for the gay christian and decided he would NOT be a session guitarist, so he became himself a permanent true and horny member of Mannepenis. He played his first gig just two weeks after he joined the madness.

Danny Dildo left due to a hand injury (We strongly suspects it was inflicted during heavy masturbation). After a while Manslut was kicked because lack of devotion to the band. He was replaced by an orthodox drummer that actually CAN play proper drums! This new member of grimness is called Kalle Klovn Antidrøvel because he has not got an uvula!

Even more changes were to come. Raspeballe was the next in line to leave the band. His work was too demanding and he resigned from playing bass and took up the important role as “manager” and the Lord of our money.

At this time, Mannepenis recorded their debut album, SMEGMA at the Nekropolis Studios and harvested some attention throughout Norway and even in Europe. Shortly after, Tante Svart from Drazylium (now Undying Demons) and Skyggegjemsel joined the ranks as bass player. Tante is probably the most musically gifted and talented person in Norway! He had a short career because he left town to study Rock and Metal at a school. Rennebæsj was selected as his follower.

This line-up seemed pretty secure, until Kalle Klovn became an arrogant shit hole and ditched our band just to focus on his retarded death core band (the band doesn’t exist any more). He was quickly replaced bu Baron Sæd a young and quite talented drummer. After a couple concerts tension was building up in the band. And as the summer of 2009 appeared and the band was going to the Studio again, shit happened. No drummer in the studio or at the rehearsals before the band’s debut gig abroad. With some help from Vagitarian from TxQxB, Tizze Tazzen from Skyggegjemsel and Tante Svart, we actually managed to record some demo tracks, which was released as the Fast ASS Fuck demo.

After the very successful show in Ahrensburg, Germany, Baron Sæd was kicked and in came Vagitarian. And as a substitute for Rennebæsj, who left for the military, Tante Svart reappeared in the band.

The current line-up will hopefully last a while and we hope to bring more sexiness, rudeness and obscenity to the world!

Mannepenis has recorded three demos ("Me Suge!", "Voldtar Små Barn?" and "Fast ASS Fuck") and has recently released the first Porn Metal CD in the world: "SMEGMA".
Furthermore, Ugly Cunt Records has released a CD/DVD with various Mannepenis recordings called (Studio Sex/Live Sex)