A great deal of house music presented to you by Jeppelepsi.



I get tracks each day, mostly new stuff but sometimes oldies.
I will update weekly with new hot tracks so always download the latest torrent!
There will be new tracks in each torrent and instead of adding a new torrent with ALL my music over and over again, I decided to update only the new stuff. I will make a rar file and name them with "Husbehov Edit #X" (X=The higher number, the latest version) so that you who already downloaded an earlier version of my Husbehov will be able to know which torrent you will download next time.

All songs are 320 kbps but I use Audacity to cut songs where I think they should start. That's why in the description it says 128 kbps. The quality doesn't get worse, it only says so in the description.



This edit contains following HOT tracks:
Benny Benassi - Spaceship (Alex Gaudine & Jason Rooney Remix) (Feat. Kelis & APL & Jean-Baptiste)
Domino Dancing - You Are My Sunshine (Vato Gonzalez Dirty House Bootleg)
Donkeyboy - Sometimes (Alex Sayz Remix)
Edward Maya - Stereo Love (Paul & Luke Remix) (& Vika Jigulina)
Eric Prydz - Melo (Original Mix)
Filip Le Frick - The Tangho (Mikael Weermets Remix)
Idriss Chebak - Warm & Oriental (Jonas Sellberg Remix)
Jerry Rekonius - Stars (Original Mix)
Jerry Ropero - Don't Lie (Sebastien Drums & Rob Adans Remix) (& Tom Novy Feat. Abigail Bailey)
Kaskade - Dynasty (Dada Life Remix) (Feat. Haley)
Kaskade - Dynasty (Kaskade Club Mix) (Feat. Haley)
Kim Fai - P.S (Original Mix)
Mr.President - Coco Jambo 2010 (Mick Kastenholt & Alero Mix)
Pacific Wave - Pop Corn  (DJ Kharma Mix)
Tim Berg - Alcoholic (Mick Kastenholt Remix)
Umek - Hablando (Original Mix) (Vs. Ramirez)


As you can see I have included a few oldies but who cares, the music is good!
The remix of Stereo Love that I have included in this edit is not new, I just wanted to share it because I believe it is the best remix of that song. Also, check out Mikael Weermets remix of The Tangho by Filip Le Frick. Not new either but it's a great song. Last but not least, Alex Sayz remix of Sometimes by Donkeyboy has amazing vocals and an awesome beat. check it out!




Stay tuned.



Enjoy