This video is a compilation of Unisys videos directly from their own website, as well as a few surprises thrown in--exposing part of the New World Order agenda (as they are part of the NWO, and are making these admissions). Unisys was directly involved in the 9/11 false flag inside job black operation in order to spearhead and thrust upon the world everything shown in the video. From forced integration of Ptech ("PROMIS II") RBAC (Role Based Authentication) Enterprise Architectuers that 100% put all command and control (C2) in the hands of the global criminal offshore banking cartel--to using the same artificial intelligence to directly engineer world policy, virtual government, all aspects of military, law enforcement, security, banking, medical, commerce, economies, transportation, personal data, corporate/government data, utility grids (energy, water), food imports/exports, and anything not listed. This is the price humanity pays for not stopping these criminals. It will be absolute hell on Earth enslavement never before achieved by any previous tyranny in history. The only way we can win is for mass awareness to understand that all of these measures of interoperability are sold on totally fradulent premises, via extremely well crafted propaganda and government Problem-Reaction-Solution fearmongering--that of staged cyber attacks, via deliberately INSECURE systems, and other false flag attacks (called Effects Based Operations (EBO) or Military Operations Other Than War (MOOTW)--where their solutions, for our "safety", or being "necessary to survive in the economic crisis" (never mind that the same globalists behind Unisys engineered it) are a total forfeiture of liberty, & independence, an anathema to free humanity.  We must facilitate, and cultivate incentive to resist all of this insanity and force constitutional government and sovereignty to take precedence, and remove this wickedly engineered evil, i.e. their full spectrum dominance, and put that dominance back to the sovereign individual where the government serves the People, and no shadow government is ever allowed to usurp the inalienable rights of mankind.

This IS Life or Death.

They are not playing games.

We cannot play games either.

Use this distilled knowledge in this video as a weapon of truth to destroy their credibility permanently worldwide.