The Cabaret Of Dr Caligari - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC7
6 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo



The Cabaret of Dr Caligari is a macabre comedy about the goings on at a night club owned by Dr Caligari. 
The episodes centre around the unpleasant actions of an individual (usually a character strongly associated with the 1980s), who finds themselves in Dr Caligari's nightclub, catching up with them in a suitably ironic way.

The title of the series is a reference to the 1919 German Expressionist film The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. 
This has caused confusion for some listings sites, and some radio presenters have stumbled when introducing it.


Cast:
John Woodvine as Dr Caligari
Victoria Wicks as Anthrax
Sylvester McCoy as Snuff, 


Episodes
A Word in your Ear - a DJ is plagued by calls from those he has wronged until he cannot bear to go on listening... 

Comedian's Moon - an alternative comic, after an encounter with one of his former comedy heroes finds himself turning into something hideous... 

The Conversion - a yuppie, after cashing in on the publicity surrounding the strange project of "de-gentrification" her retired trade union leader father is undertaking, tries to have him sectioned only to be caught up in his dream... 

Teenage Psycho Chainsaw Bimbos - a video store owner and obsessive fan of horror films (of the second-rate slasher variety) finds himself trapped in a fantasy world of his own creation... 

The Homeless Who Ate London - a freak chemical spill turns the homless of London into a giant blob. And the person responsible is a little surprising... 

The Body Politic - an M.P. is introduced to the consiquesces of eroding the NHS...


The Cabaret Of Dr Caligari - S01 - E01 - A Word In Your Ear
The Cabaret Of Dr Caligari - S01 - E02 - Comedian's Moon
The Cabaret Of Dr Caligari - S01 - E03 - The Conversion
The Cabaret Of Dr Caligari - S01 - E04 - Teenage Psycho Chainsaw Bimbos
The Cabaret Of Dr Caligari - S01 - E05 - The Homeless Who Ate London
The Cabaret Of Dr Caligari - S01 - E06 - The Body Politic


Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 27mn 54s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps 
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits



[