Editorial Reviews
From Publishers Weekly
Cyclers on the slopes of Kilimanjaro, racers in the Tour de France and casual coasters in the local park receive attention in this instructive, glossy volume of biking basics. Ballantine ( Richard's Bicycle Book ) and London journalist Grant cite bikes' environmental soundness and physical fitness benefits and praise "cycle activism" that promotes building of bike paths and reliance on bikes over cars. They explain how to adjust handlebars and seats for the best fit, stretch and train indoors for cycling, teach a child to ride and select equipment for a marathon, tour or expedition. Particularly helpful is the maintenance section, which includes temporary roadside "first aid" for flats, pedals and cables; technology-minded readers will appreciate short segments on aerodynamics, light materials and solar energy. Handsomely illustrated with 700 color photos, this exhaustive guide is best suited for amateurs rather than professional athletes.
Copyright 1992 Reed Business Information, Inc. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
From School Library Journal
Grade 6 Up-- This oversized, elaborately designed book on bicycling and other human-powered vehicles has something for everyone. Large, bright, full-color photographs, drawings, maps, and/or diagrams appear on every page. Detailed, factual information is included with each illustration. Trivia lovers will revel in the frequent yellow boxes of facts; interesting tidbits; and practical tips on tires, clothing, safety, etc. that fill the dense, glossy pages. All types of racing and touring bicycles are described and their maintenance and repair are discussed in short, large-print paragraphs. The sentences are complex and the vocabulary is sophisticated. Eugene A. Sloanes's The Complete Book of Bicycling (Trident, 1970; o.p.) is similar in scope, but does not reflect the technological advances. Megan Stine's Wheels! (Little, 1990) is for younger children. : Attractiveness in layout and illustrations, excellent-quality photos, and the currency of information make this new title an appealing volume for reference and browsing. --Janice C. Hayes, Middle Tennessee State University, Murfreesboro