Big.Tits.At.School.2008.XXX.NTSC.DVDR-ETM



screens (+ DVD-covers): 
http://www.cmylink.com/BigTitsAtSchool1




Check out our busty teachers and students! Like busty dominant teachers and slutty big titted schoolgirls? Then this is for you! The hottest teachers and the hottest students getting nailed at the best schools!


Actresses

    * Ava Lauren 
    * Carmella Bing 
    * Gianna Michaels 
    * Kate Frost 
    * Rachel Roxxx 
    * Shyla Stylez 


   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Anthony Rosano, Carmella Bing, Gianna Michaels
    * Scene 2. Ava Lauren, T.J. Cummings
    * Scene 3. Rachel Roxxx, Trent Soluri
    * Scene 4. Shyla Stylez, T.J. Cummings
    * Scene 5. Kate Frost, Mikey Butders


Studio:          Brazzers Distribution
Released:        12/2007
Language:        English


REVIEW:

I'm a big fan of big tits, especially unusually large ones. Natural, bouncing breasts are best, but a pair of mammoth surgically enhanced sweater puppies will do in a pinch. This DVD has plenty of chesticles for breast fans to ogle, all under the theme of school-time fun. Whether it's seductive teachers or horny students, most everyone loves a good school fantasy, which will make this DVD attractive to plenty of people.

What won't make it attractive is the lack of variety in the action, as each scene takes place in the same room, with essentially the same set-up, which results in each scene repeating the others, which is even worse because they are so long. Another black mark on the record is the utterly godawful acting, which makes the average porno acting look Oscar-worthy. At times, there will be a blown line, which is just followed by the correct one. It does kind of blow the fantasy, and is annoying as well.

Scene 1:
Principal Giana and teacher Carmella are keeping Anthony after school for writing about his fantasies including them on his blog. Of course, the only proper punishment is to force him to fuck them. Of course. Gianna's the more aggressive of the two, smacking his cock and balls and ordering him around, as he eats them out, feeds them his cock and fucks the hell out of them. The 3-way action is extremely hot, and Gianna's hip motion is outstanding, but the annoyingly bitchy dialogue and behavior on the part of the ladies makes it hard to enjoy this scene. The fact that these girls have some sweet swaying lovebags heps distract from their words, as does a beautiful bout of reverse cowgirl that really should be hanging in some porno museum. Take out the crap and this one is legendary.

 Carmella Bing, Gianna Michaels, Anthony | Oral (F/M), Tit Fucking, Vaginal, Foot Worship, Three-Way
Reverse Cowgirl, Missionary, Doggy, Cowgirl | Condoms: No | 3 stars



Scene 2:
Ava Lauren is a teacher who's got a problem with one of her students, as he's got a bad attitude, yet gets good grades. So, as you would expect, he fucks her. Basically forcing himself on her, he whips her gorgeous tits out and sucks on the silver-dollar areolas and pert little nips. Looking adorable in her glasses, this brunette cutie is undeniably sexy, but sadly, her tits don't move much, no matter how she's getting nailed. She does give a wonderfully slow, sensual blowjob, and looks incredible riding cock in a reverse cowgirl crab walk. The sex feels very hot, as they switch between deep, slow strokes and wild slams, building some real heat until he drops a thick load on her face and tits.

 Ava Lauren | Oral (M/F), Fingering, Tit Fucking, Vaginal | Doggy, Missionary, Cowgirl, Reverse Cowgirl
Condoms: No | 3.5 stars


Scene 3:
Rachel, a big-titted brunette student, needs help from the class nerd in order to pass her test. A big whore, her only currency is her body, which she's more than willing to pay. She looks a bit like Eliza Dushku, and has cute puffy nipples on a pair of beautiful tits, but she's busy most of the time getting filled with cock. Her excellent BJ is interrupted only by the guy's bizarre looking balls, while their desk-top aerobics are fun to watch, though the stationary chest isn't too enthralling. Unfortunately, they try to keep the plot going via their dialogue, but once the hard fucking starts, the talking mostly stops, especially when she's getting battered from behind, bent over the teacher's desk.

 Rachel Roxx | Oral (M/F), Tit Fucking, Vaginal | Doggy, Missionary, Reverse Cowgirl, Cowgirl, Spoons
Condoms: No | 2.5 stars


Scene 4:
Shyla needs some help to keep her grades up, and this guy has the help she needs, but he wants a piece of ass in return. In her blonde pigtails and with gigantic tits, she's a farmer's-daughter dream, and seeing how shegives enthusiastic head, he's getting one hell of a deal. Revealing her quarter-sized areolas and thick, hard nips, she deep-throats with the best of them, and her meaty vag is a great target for a session of desktop pussy eating and very hard fucking. There's nothing much in terms of breast bouncing as she's bent over the classroom desks getting railed. It's a decent scene, but it's covering the same ground we've seen so far, ending in a mouthful of cum.

 Shyla Styles | Oral (M/F), Tit Fucking, Vaginal, Fingering | Doggy, Missionary Reverse Cowgirl, Spoons Condoms: No | 2.5 stars


Scene 5:
Kate, who kind of looks like Amy Poehler, but with huge tits with pierced nips and a pierced clit, is being blackmailed by one of her students, after she fucked his dad. Like father, like son, he wants to slip inside her hairless pussy, and does with ease, after an excessive amount of dialogue. Some wet, gagging deep throat and slow deliberate pussy eating sets up a doggy slam on her desk and then against the blackboard, before moving to her chair, where she rides him hard. It's a good view (other than the full back tattoo), but it's not that hot, thanks in part to a lack of tit movement, and a stupid ending that follows a hefty facial. Looking at her clit get hammered by the guy's low-hanging nuts, the scene should be hotter, but something comes up short.

 Kate Frost | Oral (M/F), Tit Fucking, Vaginal | Doggy, Standing Doggy, Missionary, Cowgirl, Reverse Cowgirl  Condoms: No | 3 stars


Concluding Words
Too often, big-tit DVDs disappoint because they include a girl or two that's a C-cup, and could barely be considered buxom. That's not the case here, as every girl is stunningly stacked and, for the most part, they are pretty sexy to boot, despite a lot of implants. Combining school sex fantasies with giant jugs is a recipe for some boner-popping video and this DVD presents it well, though there's not much extra included. The only negatives are the extreme lengths of the scenes and the obnoxious dialogue. But then, there are two buttons on your remote to take care of that. 




3,600+ torrents: 
(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens



