Information
----------------
Writing a book, short story or research paper is about more than hammering away at the keys until it's done. Research, scrawling fragmentary ideas that don't seem to fit anywhere yet, collecting faded photos from old newspapers, shuffling index cards to find that elusive structure - most writing software is only fired up after much of the hard work is already done.

Enter Scrivener: writing software that stays with you from that first, unformed idea all the way through to the first - or even final - draft. Outline and structure your ideas. Take notes. Storyboard your masterpiece using a powerful virtual corkboard. View research while you write. Track themes using keywords. Dynamically combine multiple scenes into a single text just to see how they fit. Scrivener has already been enthusiastically adopted by best-selling novelists, academics, lawyers, script writers and journalists - whatever you write, grow your ideas in style.

Scrivener is a word processor and project management tool created specifically for writers of long texts such as novels and research papers. It won't try to tell you how to write - it just makes all the tools you have scattered around your desk available in one application.

For more information visit http://www.literatureandlatte.com/scrivener.html

Instructions
----------------
1) Install The Bad APE (installation file provided) if you do not already have it installed.

2) Restart your computer (Important!).

3) Copy the provided plist to your TAPF directory (~/Library/Application Support/The APE by default).

4) Install Scrivener if it is not already installed (you can download it from http://scrivener.s3.amazonaws.com/Scrivener.dmg).

5) Run Scrivener and you should be registered!

Notes
----------------
This crack will work with all versions of Scrivener, as long as you do not uninstall The Bad APE. It is perfectly safe to update the application as you normally would if you'd bought it, the crack will continue to work as long as they do not completely change how registration works.

Please seed this for as long as possible, as my Internet connection is very slow and I will not be able to seed very fast.

If you liked my upload don't forget to say thank you :).

WARNING - SNOW LEOPARD (10.6) USERS: This crack will not work on Snow Leopard and may even cause instability issues. There is no working crack for Snow Leopard currently, but in the mean time you can use http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5248224 to reset the trial.