Morton's List: The End to Boredom

A truly unique, genre bending-game that is guaranteed to end your boredom. Using a system of 13 different Tables to describe everything that you can do in reality, this game really is never the same twice. There are many different Quests, with variations called Mutations and Deviations. I picked up this game in the US when I was there, and have not been able to find it anywhere else.

It is the closest thing to a psychedelic substance in book form that I have seen.

As part of my global mission to end boredom, Morton's List is now clandestinely available through this torrent. We hope that this book brings you the highest levels of entertainment and very positive Karma. It has done so for our group, and we encourage you to play responsibly, and engage with others who enjoy this bizarre random reality game.

Sorry, dice not included with torrent.  Use the virtual 30-sided die on the website. You don't need the six-sided dice because you can use any random method of choosing your group's leader.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

From the Website:

"Uncut, unpredictable and totally not lame!

This game is 100% real. No computers, no board, no cards. Just real dice, a real book, and real adventure. Anything that can happen in real life can happen when you play.

Morton's List is a game for small groups. Anytime, anywhere, with anyone - all you need is one hour, and a willingness to do something unexpected.

Learning to play is easy, but describing what will happen is impossible. Every time you play, the game book gives you one of 360 different random real-life Quests, complete with ideas and examples to guide your group's creativity.

No two games of Morton's List are ever the same. Possibilities include doing something you've always wanted to do, something you never imagined you'd do, and putting a twist on something you've done before, and every possible variation!

Morton's List is unending, ever changing good times waiting to be unleashed on your life."

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

More information at:

www.MortonsList.com


Download the same phat file free, clean and clear 24/7 here:

furk [dot] net/Mortons_List_The_End_to_Boredom.pdf.html
