FL Studio is a full-featured, open architecture, music production environment capable of audio recording, composing, sequencing and mixing, for the creation of professional quality music. The FL Studio philosophy is creative freedom:

Free your audio - Route any instrument to any mixer track. Each mixer track can receive audio from any number of instruments, any number of other mixer tracks and a soundcard input. Mixer tracks, in turn, can send audio to any number of other mixer tracks and a soundcard output. Create sub-mixes, effects chains or complex mixes. FL studios flexible architecture sets audio free.


Free your mind - Choose your preferred workflow, compose using the step-sequencer or piano roll. Create in pattern or track mode, then arrange your ideas in the free palette Playlist. The Playlist presents timeline as a virtual canvas where each Playlist track can simultaneously hold any number of score, audio and automation events. Now thats freedom.

Make virtually any sound - FL9 includes over 30 software synthesizers covering acoustic/synthetic bass, electric guitar, multi-sampler tools including piano & strings, general sample playback and beat-slicing (With Rex 1 & 2 support).

Synthesis techniques - span subtractive, modelling, FM, RM, granular and additive. With the addition of FL SynthMaker you can further create & share your own FL instruments, effects & MIDI control dashboards without the need to write basic code.

Audio Recording & Editing

Multi-channel audio inputs - With the ability to simultaneously capture all the inputs on your audio-interface, FL Studio has the flexibility to record a single vocalist, guitar or a full symphony orchestra.

Arranging audio - Audio can be arranged, with complete freedom in the Playlist. Features include the ability to host an unlimited number of audio recordings, time-stretching, pitch-shifting, beat-slicing, cropping, editing and the re-arranging of audio with only a few mouse clicks.

FL Studio supports WAV, MP3, OGG, WavPack, AIFF, and REX audio formats.