Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Big Money" is a song by progressive rock group Rush from their album Power Windows. It charted at #45 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #4 on album-oriented rock charts, and has been featured on many "Best-Of" compilations.

The title of the song comes from John Dos Passos's novel The Big Money, part of his U.S.A. trilogy.

The lyrics, written by drummer Neil Peart, reflect on the power of "big money" and the sheer magnitude of trade in the modern global economy, particularly during the 1980s. Regarding the idea that the song's lyrics were inspired by a John Dos Passos book of the same name, Peart replied "I am a big fan of Dos Passos’ stylistic ability, his poetic approach to prose, but the ideas presented in the songs are quite different from those which he exemplified." - Neil Peart, "Backstage Club Newsletter", January 1988.

When performed live, many of the synths and sound effects heard in the original track are triggered through pedals and switches used by bassist Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson plus Peart's electronic drum pads.

The video for the track was directed by Rob Quartly and created by Green Light Productions, using state-of-the-art (at the time) computer graphics similar to those seen in the video for "Money for Nothing", performed by Dire Straits. The video also features the band performing the song on a giant Monopoly-style game board with the words "Big Money" in the middle. A full-length version of the video was included on the VHS and laserdisc releases of Rush's A Show of Hands tour concert film, while an edited version was released to MTV and other outlets, as well as on the short-lived CD Video format.

The car featured in the animated intro has a license plate that reads "Mr. Big", a reference to producer Peter Collins, who produced Power Windows.

Power Windows is the 11th studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, released in 1985. Power Windows was the first Rush album to be produced by Peter Collins and the album was recorded at The Manor in England, Air Studios in Montserrat and at Sarm East in London.

Power Windows introduced more keyboard synthesizers into the band's sound. “The Big Money” and “Mystic Rhythms” were both made into music videos featured in MTV's rotation at the time.

Power Windows' lyrics are focused primarily on various manifestations of power. For example, the song "Manhattan Project" explores the origins and consequences of the U.S. military's development of the atomic bomb, and "Territories" comments on nationalism around the world. Like "Subdivisions," from the album Signals, "Middletown Dreams" explores suburban monotony and the average person's attempts to temporarily escape it.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/