"The band's aggressive rhythms and groove textured hooks are carried out by down tuned, heavy guitar chords that fuse in a dirgy union with oozing bass lines and pounding drum beats."
- Metal Maniacs

non com·pos men·tis    (nŏn kŏm'pəs měn'tĭs)   
adj.  Not of sound mind and hence not legally responsible; mentally incompetent.


This is the Reference disc we walked out of the studio with to get mastered. A couple songs have a 'demo' feel.


NON COMPOS (MENTIS) - "Smile When You Hate" -

Produced and Engineered by Glen Robinson.

These nine tracks on the debut release from Burlington, VT's NON COMPOS have defined the future of Heavy Metal. Produced by Glen Robinson (Gwar, Voivod), the sound is as intense as one would expect from this master knob twiddler. The band's live insanity has been splattered all over this disc with nothing left to the imagination. If you are into Converge, Brutal Truth and any and all over the top new metal, you need this.
"When Non Compos (translated as "not of sound mind") commandeers the stage, it wears bright orange work suits and identity-obscuring masks to work out the mental instability implied by this moniker. This mysterious Vermont four-piece (led by Jeff Howlett of 5 Seconds Expired) produces a collage of schizophrenic guitars, psychotic rhythms and wacked-out lyrics (for example, at one point during "Beauty Queen", vocal slaughterer Butch implores "Someone peel back her face") that segue into mosh-inducing, bass heavy melodies. Props to the cool album title, and let's hope these guys stay away from Prozac- it just might stifle the sparks of unstable creativity found on this debut. Dance to the bouncy riffage of "Any Takers" and "Basement Floor."- CMJ


Non Compos "The Rats Know Him"

Vermont, a state not known for an innovative aggressive music scene, rarely offers up any fresh blood. Non Compos (formerly Non Compos Mentis) is the exception to that states painful regimen. "The Rats Know Him", the band's second release, blasts forward to reassure the masses that the Green Mountain state has not yet forgotten it's northern hostility. The band delivered their assaulting debut, "Smile When You Hate" in late 1997 to a completely unsuspecting audience. After two years of bleeding ears within the confines of New England, Non Compos has once again blessed us with their disjointed aural storming.

"...sounds like an aural manifesto for the end of the world. That means they are heavier than any known substance in the universe."
- Slap

"Non Compos offer up, without a doubt, some of the most sinister sounds ever to be unleashed from the Green Mountain state."
- Suburban Voice

"A prime example of pure sonic brilliance. These guys churn out hateful, blistering tracks that are jam packed with crunching chords, evil screams and a blistering rhythm section to boot."
- Under the Volcano

"Twisted rants accompany spine tingling surges of cacophonous destruction."
- Ill Literature

"moshy, bass heavy, death meets metallic hardcore."
- Brutalized

