This torrent contains:



BEST SUDOKU PROGRAMS:

HODOKU 1.2.4:
HoDoKu is a sudoku helper written in Java and available in English and German. Generate sudokus in five different and fully configurable difficulty levels. Solve them yourself (with help from HoDoKu's hint system) or let HoDoKu do it for you.

HoDoKu supports many more human style solving techniques than most other programs available (singles, subsets, LCs, fish, wings, uniqueness, coloring, chains, ALS; for details see "solving techniques"). All steps can be highlighted on the grid which makes HoDoKu a great tool for learning sudoku as well.

HoDoKu contains a powerful sudoku analyzer: view all available solution steps for a given state and change your solution accordingly. Manage multiple solutions for one sudoku and write the sudoku plus your solutions to disk. 
http://hodoku.sourceforge.net/en/index.php




ISANAKI sudoku 2.6b:

isanaki Sudoku is a free multilingual Sudoku and Wordoku Boards generator, solver, helper and printer. The software supports 9 * 9 and 16 * 16 boards and generate boards with 6 levels of difficulty. It updates automatically the pencil marks in each cell of the board to show the remaining candidates. Isanaki provides help by explaining graphically how to solve next solution. 
http://www.tgmdev.be/free_sudoku_generator_solver_isanaki.php




JSUDOKU:
generates all variants of sudoku incl killer sudoku. nice application! 
http://jcbonsai.free.fr/sudoku/




SUDOKU PUZZLE COLLECTIONS:

1. ALL 17 CLUE PUZZLES:MINIMUM SUDOKUS
At the moment, there are examples of 17-hint uniquely completable Sudoku puzzles, but no known 16-hint examples.I have a collection of 48826 distinct Sudoku configurations with 17 entries


2. MINIMUM SUDOKU X PUZZLES:
collection of 7193 puzzles.these puzzles need to have 1-9 nos in the 2 large diagonals as well



3. TAREK'S PEARLY 6000:

#This is a list that WAS compiled over the past 2 years when searching for "Hardest puzzles"
#These are Extremely difficult puzzles with an Extremely hard 1st move

#All the puzzles are isomorphically different



4.SUDOKU PUZZLES BY TECHNIQUE:

A)pure swordfish collection

B)pure jellyfish collection


clean, scanned with kaspersky 



