The game is divided up into 5 stages: Action Stages, Running Stages, Escaping the Hunter, Catch the Power Ring and Adventure Fields. The division of Action Stages and Adventure Fields was a serious departure from previous Sonic games. In addition, unlike the previous game in the series, Sonic Adventure  has six different characters to choose from, providing two more than the four (Sonic and Tails combo being the fourth) available in Sonic 3 & Knuckles. Sonic has the most stages of any character, and his levels involve high speed gameplay, while most of Tails' levels are shorter versions of Sonic's, which require him to reach the end of the level before Sonic (or Eggman) can. Knuckles' objective in his levels is to reassemble the shards of the Master Emerald shattered by Dr. Ivo "Eggman" Robotnik.

Amy Rose's levels involve escaping Eggman's robot ZERO alongside a blue Flicky (nicknamed "Birdie" by Amy) that Dr. Eggman needs because of the Chaos Emerald in its pendant. Her primary weapon, the Piko Piko Hammer, returns (previously seen in Sonic the Fighters), and can be used to paralyze ZERO for a temporary amount of time. Amy is considered to have the shortest story since she has fewer levels than the other characters. The levels involving Big the Cat follow him using his fishing pole to try and catch Froggy, his best friend who has mutated via a Chaos Emerald he swallowed, although he can also choose to try and catch big fish, with score bonuses based on size.

E-102 Gamma is one among a series of robots designed by Eggman to take orders without question. After an encounter with Amy, he suffers a malfunction and gains a "conscience". He then turns his aim to destroying his robotic brothers and freeing the animals trapped inside them. Gamma's levels are shooting levels in which the player races against the clock to get to the end and destroy the target (usually one of the other E-Series robots). Players gain time depending on how many enemies they shoot in a row/chain by using the lock on feature that Gamma has.

Action Stages are basically playable levels. This is the only type of area where Sonic or any of his companions will encounter enemies (most boss  battles appear to take place in the adventure fields, but they are actually in Action Stages designed to look like the Fields). There are eleven action stages, accessible by different characters. However, unlike previous Sonic games, Action Stages are not made up of Zones and Acts. Instead, the game plays more like each Adventure Field is a Zone and the Action Stages are the Acts in the Zone. The Action Stages have separate areas that could be considered "Acts", but they are not separate levels, as in previous games.

Adventure Fields are non-linear game stages, generally designed for (light) puzzle solving, exploration, and plot advancement. They contain very few items (enemies, rings, etc.), and each of them has Action Stages which are accessible through certain areas in the Adventure Field. There are three Adventure Fields. The first is Station Square, a big metropolitan city that contains a train station which leads to the Mystic Ruins, a casino, a hotel/restaurant, Twinkle Park, a City Hall area, and the beach, Emerald Coast. The second is the Mystic Ruins, a large mountainous region that contains Tails' Workshop, a jungle, a lake, a few caves, and Angel Island. The third is the Egg Carrier, Dr. Eggman's flying fortress that later ends up crashed in the ocean. Every Adventure Field links to the other two Fields and a Chao Garden. They also have four Emblems each. They are each packed with various powerups for different characters.

The story is told through the perspective of the character the player chooses to play as and as a result the stories tend to diverge at certain points based on the character arc. It is interesting to note that the story takes on a certain Rashomon type structure in terms of dialogue and certain events when more than one of the playable characters is present in a scene. For example, each character has their viewpoint of a certain scene, so the dialogue between versions tends to be different. This perspective also justifies the different outcomes of certain encounters: For example, when Sonic faces E-102 Gamma on the Egg Carrier, through Sonic's perspective, he is about to destroy Gamma; through Tails's perspective, he is about to destroy Gamma; and through Gamma's perspective, he is about to kill Sonic.

A major feature of Sonic Adventure is the ability to raise Chao, who exist primarily in the Chao Gardens as a sort of intelligent virtual pet for the player to raise, an "evolution" of the A-life system from NiGHTS into Dreams... Chao can be taken with the player by downloading the minigame Chao Adventure to their VMU, or in the GameCube version, by downloading the Chao to a Game Boy Advance. The player can also raise their stats by giving them small animals that they found by defeating the robots.

INSTALLATION:
Extract
Run "install.exe" (if on vista or windows 7 run it as admin)
Play the Game

ENJOY AND SEED!!!!



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Don't forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).

DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk