Cal Tjader - Gozame! Pero Ya 
Recorded at Coast Recorders, San Francisco, CA, June 1980
Produced by Frank Dorritie (1980 Picante)
Label: Jazz Picante
Ripped from Vinyl
Quality: 320 kbps

This album contains the killer classic "Shoshana" which features Poncho Sanchez.   Brilliant!

This is truly an outstandingly beautiful recording with musicianship of the the highest form.  Play it on a cool summer evening just as the sun sets. . . . . . especially so is the case for the track on this c. d called "This Is Always".  This track is the coolest, most relaxing piece of music I have ever heard.  But quite frankly, every track is wonderful. 
The inclusion of the Fender Rhodes electric piano and flute add a breath takingly stunning musical voyage, and Mundell Lowes guitar work is his best ever.   I would give this one ten stars if I could!! ~ P. J.  LeFaucheur

Underrated during his life, who was getting some desrved recognition with Concord before his untimely death.  This cd, his 2nd for the Jazz Picante label, charted #41 for Billboard's Jazz albums in 1981.  This is one of those albums I've finally gotten around to converting from LP record to CD.  

St.  Louis born, Cal Tjader was equally comfortable with the world of Latin jazz and of mainstream bop.  This is certainly one of his best efforts, not because of Cal's cool and gentle melodic touch displayed here as always, but because of the members of this group which really made it cohesive.  Everything just seems to fit. . . . Mundell Lowe's mellow toned guitar on the three ballads. . . . . . the complementary sound of Roger Glenn's flute throughout. . . . . . . . the electric piano work of Mark Levine. . . the light melodic touch of Cal's vibes . . . . . and the fantastic percussion work of Vince Lateano and Pancho Sanchez.  I really dig the fine timbales work on "Shoshana" and the Latin approach on "Bye Bye Blues".  The romantic ballads included in this session are the ultimate for romantic listening enjoyment, in particular "This Couldn't Be The Real Thing" written by Gerry Mulligan and Mel Torme.  

This is a cd that is mellow and yet has the spice of Latin music which is appealing and should be a welcome addition to almost anyone's library. ~ Robert J. Ament

No matter what you may think of Latin Jazz, Mood Music or the lush sound of the vibraphone you'll get it in spades with this CD. "This Couldn't Be the Real Thing" will take your breath away from beginning to end. This man had more passion for melody and beat than just about any jazz artist I know. This CD is pure mood! "Close Enough for Love" is as much an enigma as the movie it came from, about a fictional episode in Agatha Christie's lfe. But the song almost won a grammy for it's beautiful tune and lyrics...get the CD for these songs alone and you'll thank me from the first play to the 899th! ~ E. Macomber

Personnel:
Mark Levine - Piano & Fender Rhodes
Roger Glenn - Flute & Percussion
Vince Lateano Drums & Percussion
Rob Fisher - Bass
Poncho Sanchez - Congas Percussion
Mundell Lowe - Guitar

Cal Tjader - Gozame! Pero Ya Tracks:
Side 1
01  Shoshana
02  This Couldn't Be The Real Thing
03  Bye Bye Blues

Side 2
04  Rogers Samba
05  Close Enough For Love
06  Will You Still Be Mine?
07  This Is Always