Windows 7 Manager



Nome : Windows 7 Manager
OS : 7 x86 x64
Anno : 2009
Versione : 1.1.4
Dimensioni : 8Mb circa
Lingua : ENG
Sviluppatore : © 2009 Yamicsoft.
Genere : 3Utility
Sito : _http://www.yamicsoft.com/windows7manager/



Cos'è Windows 7 Manager?

Windows 7 Manager è una system utility che ti aiuterà ad ottimizzare, modificare, e mantenere efficiente Windows 7. Aumenterà la velocità del tuo sistema, la sua sicuerezza e soddisferà ogni vostra aspettativa.

Why Should I use Windows 7 Manager?

Windows 7  is the newest Operating System for home users and professionals alike. Windows 7 brings clarity to your world, so you can more safely and easily accomplish everyday tasks and instantly find what you want on your PC. 

Windows 7 Manager is the powerful software tool to tweak and optimize your Windows 7, it bundles more than 30 different utilities in one and help your system faster and more stable, secure and personal!

Features and Benefits of Windows 7 Manager

Information
Get detailed system and all hardware information on your system; help you find out the installation key of Windows, Office products; show all detailed information of running processes and threads on your machine; Windows 7 Manager offers  1-clicking cleans your system automatically.
 
Optimizer
Tweak your system to improve windows startup and shutdown speed; tweak your hardware to increase system speed and performance; Optimize Task Schedule to turn off unnecessary system tasks.
 
Cleaner
Find out which files or folders engross your disk space and shown with chart; Find and clean junk files to increase Hard Disk space; Duplicate Files Finder can scan your computer for files with the same size, name and modification time; Registry Cleaner can easily checks your registry and repair incorrectly linked registry entries, automatically remove invalid entries; Registry Defrag rebuilds and re-indexs your registry to reduce application response time and registry access time.
 
Customization
Control what is started on Windows startup;  tune up Windows 7 boot menu; edit context menus of mouse Right-Clicking; customize system desktop, menus, toolbar and notifications settings; customize the look of your system.
 
Security
You can improve desktop, menus, Windows logon securities, and enable numerous hidden performance options of system, disable system updates and error reports; hide and restrict to access drives, specify which applications are not allowed to be executed on your computer; encrypt/decrypt and shred files, change the location of system folders; Privacy Protector can maintain your personal privacy by eliminating the tracks that you leave behind; create lots of randomization password once.
 
Network
Optimize your Internet connection speed, manage all shares items; tweak your Internet Explorer easily.
 
Misc. Utilities
Show the collection of Windows utilities; split and merge any file.



Minimum System Requirements:
Supported Operating Systems
Windows 7

Other Requirements:
10 MB free disk space
