The Simpsons - Season 12

Series: The Simpsons
DVD release: August 18, 2009
Network: Fox
No. of episodes: 21
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit Rate: 133kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

--------------------------------------------------

S12E01 - Treehouse of Horror XI
G-G-Ghost D-D-Dad – Homer dies after eating broccoli and must do one good deed in order to get into heaven.
Scary Tales Can Come True – In a mixed parody of many Grimm's Fairy Tales, peasant children Bart and Lisa are sent to live in the woods, where they inadvertently set up Goldilocks to be killed by the Three Bears and meet a witch with a gingerbread house.
Night of the Dolphin – Dolphins take over the world after Lisa frees their leader from an aquatic animal park.

S12E02 - A Tale of Two Springfields
While calling Animal Control over a badger taking residence in Santa's Little Helper's doghouse, Homer discovers that Springfield has two different area codes--and ends up leading a revolt that splits the town in two.
250th episode.
Guest star: The Who

S12E03 - Insane Clown Poppy
During an outdoor book fair, Krusty finds out he has a daughter (from a one-night stand with a female soldier who fought in the Gulf War), but loses her trust after gambling away her violin to Fat Tony, prompting Homer and Krusty to retrieve it.
Guest stars: Drew Barrymore, Amy Tan, Stephen King, John Updike, Joe Mantegna and Jay Mohr

S12E04 - Lisa the Tree Hugger
Lisa falls in love with the leader of a militant environmentalist group and tries to impress him by living in Springfield's oldest tree in order to keep it from being cut down.
Guest star: Joshua Jackson

S12E05 - Homer vs. Dignity
When the Simpsons once again have financial problems, Mr. Burns pays Homer to play pranks on others and humiliate himself in public. Meanwhile, Smithers creates a Malibu Stacy-themed musical.
Guest star: Leeza Gibbons

S12E06 - The Computer Wore Menace Shoes
Homer creates his own website and uses it to spread gossip, but gets sent to a weird island where people who know too much are imprisoned after Homer starts writing conspiracy theories about flu shots.
Guest star: Patrick McGoohan

S12E07 - The Great Money Caper
Homer and Bart become father-son scam artists (after Bart is given money out of pity when Homer won't take him home), but the joke's on them when the rest of the town plays an even bigger prank on them.
Guest star: Edward Norton

S12E08 - Skinner's Sense of Snow
A snowstorm traps the students of Springfield Elementary inside, with them overthrowing Principal Skinner when he uses his Army skills to control them. Meanwhile, Homer tries to rescue the children--using Flanders' car.

S12E09 - HOMR
While working as a human guinea pig (to pay off the family's lost savings after making a bad investment), Homer discovers the root cause of his subnormal intelligence: a crayon that was lodged in his brain ever since he was a boy. He decides to have it removed to increase his IQ, but discovers that being smart does not necessarily equal being happy.

S12E10 - Pokey Mom
Marge tries to rehabilitate a convict with remarkable artistic talent. Meanwhile, Homer uses a trash can to fix people's spines.
Guest stars: Michael Keaton, Charles Napier, Robert Schimmel and Bruce Vilanch

S12E11 - Worst Episode Ever
Bart and Milhouse are banned from The Android Dungeon after stopping The Comic Book Guy from buying a box of priceless Star Wars memorabilia for $5, but are hired as his replacements when the Comic Book Guy has a heart attack and is advised to leave his job in order to make friends.
Guest star: Tom Savini

S12E12 - Tennis the Menace
The Simpsons build a tennis court in their backyard, but Homer's inferior tennis ability makes them the laughingstock of the town, while Bart shines as a natural.
Guest stars: Andre Agassi, Pete Sampras, Venus Williams and Serena Williams

S12E13 - Day of the Jackanapes
Krusty announces his retirement due to interference from network executives and the growing popularity of the big-money game show "Me Wantee", but when Krusty reveals to Sideshow Bob that all of the episodes featuring him have been erased, Sideshow Bob uses Krusty's biggest fan (Bart) to murder him during Krusty's farewell show.
Guest stars: Kelsey Grammer and Gary Coleman

S12E14 - New Kids on the Blecch
A music producer selects Bart, Nelson, Milhouse and Ralph to be members of the next hit boy band, who record subliminal songs about joining the Navy.
Guest star: 'N Sync

S12E15 - Hungry, Hungry Homer
Homer becomes a Good Samaritan after discovering the simple joys of helping people in need -- which is put to the test when he goes on a hunger strike after the owner of the Springfield Isotopes attempts to discredit him when Homer stumbles on his plot to discreetly move the team to Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Guest star: Stacy Keach

S12E16 - Bye Bye Nerdie
When Lisa becomes the target of a female bully, Lisa discovers a scientific reason as to why bullies pick on nerds. Meanwhile, Homer goes into the baby-proofing business, which is threatening the businesses of pediatricians and greeting card salesmen.
Guest star: Kathy Griffin

S12E17 - Simpson Safari
When the Simpsons run out of food thanks to a bag boy strike, the family finds an old box of animal crackers with a sweepstakes that sends The Simpsons to Africa.

S12E18 - Trilogy of Error
Homer's rush to the hospital to reattach his thumb, Lisa's rush to school to win the science fair, and Bart's run-in with an illegal fireworks scheme are interconnected in a parody of "Go" and "Run, Lola, Run".
Guest star: Frankie Muniz

S12E19 - I'm Goin' to Praiseland
After finding a sketchbook belonging to his late wife Maude, Ned Flanders opens a Bible-themed amusement park to honor her memory.
Guest star: Shawn Colvin

S12E20 - Children of a Lesser Clod
After spraining his knee during a basketball game, Homer begins taking care of the neighborhood kids to cure his boredom, prompting jealousy from Bart and Lisa, who feel that Homer is giving the kids the attention they never had.

S12E21 - Simpsons Tall Tales
When Homer refuses to pay a five dollar airport tax to fly to Delaware, the family is forced to ride in a livestock car of a train instead. There they meet a singing hobo who tells three tall tales:
-Homer as Paul Bunyan.
-Lisa as Connie Appleseed, a parody of Johnny Appleseed.
-Bart as Tom Sawyer with Nelson as Huckleberry Finn. 

--------------------------------------------------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp