Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Darkness Within 2: The Dark Lineage / Iceberg Interactive

RELEASE DATE : 29-05-2010              PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : Adventure               DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Darkness Within is a series of adventure games inspired by
famous horror writer H.P. Lovecraft. In The Dark Lineage,
the second installment of the Darkness Within series, players
again take the role of police detective Howard Loreid, who
suffered from the paranormal happenings around him in the
first volume In Pursuit of Loath Nolder. Now, Howard
discovers that his own horrible past is connected with the
madness that is about to swallow him. This second volume will
see the Darkness Within saga come to its conclusion.

The Dark Lineage will take you to places where the things of
the past still live, and all the memories that should be
long-forgotten are still remembered; including a drowsy,
depressive town called Arkhamend, a Victorian mansion that
hides a lot of horrible secrets, a dilapidated building inside
notorious, snow-clad woods and dim underground buildings and
tunnels. The Dark Lineage is even more frightening and
stronger than the previous installment so prepare yourself for
the descending darkness, this time it will be ultimate.

A new and more advanced game engine: With the new and more
advanced version of the original game engine of Darkness
Within, you can move anywhere you want, light up your way with
light sources that cast real-time soft shadows and
realistically lift up, push, pull or throw objects with the
power of NVIDIA PhysX engine.

Built-in Hint System with 3 Difficulty Levels: Players can
choose to play in Standard, Detective or Senior Detective
modes.

Dynamic Puzzles and Features: Traditional adventure game
puzzles are complimented by deciphering dreams, underlining
excerpts in documents to garner critical clues and interacting
physically with the environment.

Enhanced Gameplay Experience: The proprietary fully 3D
real-time game engine enables compelling special effects,
stunning visuals, and dynamic lighting and shading, in a first
person game environment.

Eerie Gameplay Atmosphere: An immersive experience is created
by a fascinating Lovecraftian story, chilling real-time
cutscenes, and haunting music.


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]