----------------------Quick 3D Cover v2.0.1 Software + Crack-----------------------------

Quick 3D Cover is very quick, simple and productive graphical tool for developers, authors and designers who need good quality 3D cover illustrations. The program makes 3D pictures of boxshots, CD, DVD, Blue-ray boxes, eBooks covers more. The program allows to create professional level web illustrations literally with a few mouse clicks.

Quick 3D Cover makes professional illustrations of books covers, boxshots, jewel cases, DVD cases, Blue-ray boxes, flash cards and more. It's for authors, developers and designers who want to get professional illustrations very quickly and preserve own time and cash.

Quick 3D Cover has the Designer tool, which allows to create own designs, enter texts into them and apply to covers.

Quick 3D Cover includes a gallery of more than 100 manually drawn cover templates and embeds your artwork including internaly created designs into the templates. Doing this, Quick 3D Cover naturally repeats the steps of a professional artist who draws an illustration by hand with professional graphical software like such as Photoshop. Making of a professional illustration can take less than a minute.

Quick 3D Cover can save pictures with transparency so the result can be easily processed with any other graphical program. Output resolution is up to 4000 x 4000 pixels. The program supports commonly used file formats: Jpeg, Tiff, Png, Gif, Bmp and PSP.

Quick 3D Cover doesn't need a 3d hardware accelerator. Nor do you need any knowledge of 3d-technology to use it.

Quick 3D Cover has a very convenient productivity tool called "Batch Rendering". This very simple and powerful tool allows you to make many illustrations at once. For example, you can produce your own press-kit with a few mouse clicks. And another example: you can make many variants of the illustration at once and just select the best one with your favorite picture viewer.

Installation :-
---------------
1. Unpack
2. Install
3. Copy Crack in Install Directory
4. Enjoy it !!!!!!!!

Hope you guys will like my uploads,so please help me to seed this torrent.