Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video is in Spanish.

"Gracias a Tí" (English: Thanks To You) is the third single by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel from their album La Revolución released originally on October 1, 2009. Back later on November 10, 2009 the official remix features Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias was released as the single version, included on the re-release of La Revolución titled Evolution.

The first music video was premiered on October 1, 2009 including parts of their live performances on a concert in Luna Park on Buenos Aires, Argentina. On September 3, 2009 a music video for the remix with Enrique Iglesias was filmed in the same place, and it was released on mid-November, both videos were directed by Jessy Terrero and Luis Carmona.

Wisin & Yandel are a Puerto Rican reggaeton duo, consisting of Llandel Veguilla Malavé Salazar (Yandel) and Juan Luis Morera Luna (Wisin). They started their career in 1995 and have been together since, winning several awards during that time.

Their biggest hits are "Rakata", "Llamé Pa' Verte (Bailando Sexy)", "Pam Pam", "Sexy Movimiento", "Pegao","Síguelo", "Abusadora", and "Gracias a Tí". Wisin & Yandel have collaborated with internationally known artists such as R. Kelly on "Burn It Up", Paris Hilton on the reggaeton remix to her debut single "Stars Are Blind", Ja Rule on "Rakata (Remix)", Lenny Kravitz on "Breathe" (a promotional song for Absolut Vodka), Mexican Pop group RBD on "Lento (Remix)", compatriots La Secta AllStar on "Llora Mi Corazón", Fat Joe on "Jangueo", Nelly Furtado on "Sexy Movimiento (Remix)", 50 Cent on "Mujeres In The Club" and "Así Soy" along with G-Unit, Akon on "All Up 2 You" along with Aventura and "Ella Me Llama (Remix)", Enrique Iglésias on "Lloro Por Ti (Remix)" and "Gracias a Tí (Remix)" and most recently T-Pain on "Imagínate".


Enrique Iglesias (born May 8, 1975) is a Spanish singer. He started his musical career with the Mexican indie label Fonovisa, which helped turn him into one of the most popular singers in Latin America and the United States, selling more Spanish language albums than any other singers, during that period of time.

In the late 1990s, he signed a deal with Universal Music for an unprecedented $48,000,000, with Universal Music Latin Entertainment records, releasing his Spanish and English albums to the English speaking entertainment industry. Iglesias has sold over 60 million albums worldwide and has won a Grammy and Latin Grammy and has had several Billboard Hot 100 number one hits and holds the record for producing 20 number one Spanish language singles on the Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

