 http://bayimg.com/lAEPgAacd

Homepage:

hxxp://www.rmlearning.com/BagatrixPreC.htm

Algebra 1 Solved!

Take advantage with Algebra 1 Solved!™, the smart way to ace your homework and get better grades. Simply enter in your homework problems and Algebra 1 Solved!™ does the rest, providing the solution with step-by-step explanations. With additional powerful features including infinite example problems, practice tests, progress tracking, and a math document designer, Algebra 1 Solved!™ is the only Algebra 1 solution you need.

Algebra 2 Solved!

In addition to providing the answers, Algebra 2 Solved!™ provides all the steps and explanations needed to solve your problems, allowing you to finish your assignments quickly while dramatically improving your grades. With other powerful features including infinite example problems, practice tests, progress tracking, and a math document designer, Algebra 2 Solved!™ provides the tools you need to succeed in Algebra 2.

Calculus Solved!  

Calculus Solved!™ lets you enter in your actual homework problems and gives you the answers with step-by-step explanations, allowing you to finish your assignments fast while improving your grades. With additional powerful features including infinite example problems, practice tests, progress tracking, and a math document designer, Calculus Solved!™ provides you with the tools you'll need to succeed in calculus.

Trigonometry Solved!

Trigonometry Solved!™ solves your toughest trigonometry homework problems with step-by-step work and explanations, allowing you to finish your assignments quickly and increase your grades. With additional powerful features including infinite example problems, practice tests, progress tracking, and a math document designer, Trigonometry Solved!™ provides all the help you need to succeed in trigonometry.

Precalculus Solved!  

Simply enter in your problems and Precalculus Solved!™ provides you with all the answers and steps, allowing you to finish your assignments fast while dramatically improving your grades. With additional powerful features including infinite example problems, practice tests, progress tracking, and a math document designer, Precalculus Solved!™ provides the help you need to ace precalculus.

Graphing Solved!  

Quickly and easily create stunning graphs of your math problems with Graphing Solved!™. Graph points, segments, linear equations, functions, conic sections, and much more in both Cartesian and polar coordinate systems - all with the click of a button. With additional powerful features including automatic simplification, unlimited simultaneous graphing, area calculation, image exporting, intersection and slope identification, Graphing Solved!™ is the perfect compliment to any math course.

