File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Enjoy the Ride is the second album by the country duo Sugarland, released on November 7, 2006 on Mercury Nashville Records. The album is the first one released with Sugarland as a duo (comprising Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush), as former member Kristen Hall had departed earlier in 2006.

The album debuted at #4 on the US Billboard 200 and at #2 on the US Country Album Chart, selling 211,000 copies in its first week; these were also its peak positions on the two charts. Also in December, after only five weeks in release, the RIAA certified "Enjoy the Ride" 2x Multi-Platinum, for shipments of 2 million copies. The album produced four chart singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, all of which were Top Ten hits. "Want To" and "Settlin'" (respectively the first and second singles) were both Number One hits, with the former being their first U.S. Number One. "Everyday America", the third single, was a #9 on the country charts and was used on the TV series Good Morning America. The final single was the acoustic ballad "Stay", which peaked at #2.

A music video was made for "These Are the Days" even though it was not released as a single.

Sugarland is a Grammy Award-winning American country music duo composed of singer–songwriters Jennifer Nettles (lead vocals) and Kristian Bush (background vocals, lead vocals, mandolin, acoustic guitar, and harmonica).

The duo was founded in 2003 by Bush and Kristen Hall (acoustic guitar, background vocals), and became a trio when Jennifer Nettles was brought in as lead singer. Before joining Sugarland, Nettles fronted the Jennifer Nettles Band, and Hall had achieved success as a solo artist and songwriter. Bush's earlier musical career included being half of the duo Billy Pilgrim (along with Andrew Hyra), recording for Atlantic Records in the 1990s.

Signed to Mercury Nashville Records in 2004, Sugarland broke through that year with the release of their debut single "Baby Girl", the first single from their multi-platinum debut album Twice the Speed of Life. The trio became a duo in 2006, when they also released their second album, Enjoy the Ride. This album produced their first two #1 singles (in the U.S.), "Want To" and "Settlin'", and won the duo a Grammy for "Stay". In 2008 they released their third album, titled Love on the Inside. This album produced three more #1 singles with "All I Want to Do", "Already Gone", and "It Happens".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

