Read Me for Star Wars Screen Entertainment – Released 1994
  (from the Lucas Arts Archives Volume One collection)
  
 If you like this torrent then check out my other torrents at one of these world class torrent sites...
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/huggums537
(No registration required)
 
http://isohunt.com/release?poster=huggums537
(Every site above has a complete listing of all my torrents)

This program is in English with the box cover artwork (screen-shots) in German. Also, you can install directly from the 'SWSE' folder since this is NOT in ISO or RAR format. No extra software is needed!

The list of features was edited from:
 
http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Star_Wars_Screen_Entertainment

Star Wars Screen Entertainment WORKS ON XP! and includes all these SUPER COOL features:

Blueprints: Blueprints of ships including details, plus indications of where each of its parts are located.

Cantina: A static photo of the Mos Eisley cantina, then the system randomly chooses one of the characters in the cantina and explains his or her story with background info and details.

Character biographies: Similar with the main characters in Star Wars: A New Hope.

Darth Vader: The message "The Dark Lord of the Sith approaches" followed by a static close-up of Darth Vader, adding voice and/or breathing.

Death Star Trench: An animation of the trench, at high speed. (X-wing with or without a Tie Fighter).

Hyperspace: A semi-static picture of the Millennium Falcon cockpit, with moving stars outside. 

Imperial Clock: The "clock" used by Grand Moff Tarkin while reaching Yavin 4, adding a real 24- or 12-hour digital clock.

Jawas: Small Jawas, Droids, Banthas, Womp Rats and Tusken Raiders move through the screen. This and the Lightsaber Duel feature both have animated images from the Super Star Wars video game.

Lightsaber Duel: Similar to Jawas, it features small Darth Vader attacking small Obi-Wan Kenobi.

Poster Art: It features different posters from Star Wars: A New Hope.

Rebel Clock: Similar to Imperial clock, with DoDonna's vision of the Battle of 
Yavin It is analogical. The "Death Star" marks minutes, Yavin 4 marks hours, Death Star might be over Yavin.

Scrolling Text: Text to the infinity like when beginning a movie. User can customize text (write own text).

Space Battles: As seen from inside window in a cruiser, small dots move against each other and shoot beams. Mon Calamari Cruisers, Nebulon-B Frigates and Star Destroyers drift slowly across the screen.

Storyboards: Real storyboards from the movie, including the script.

The 'SWSE' CD came bundled with LucasArts Arhives Vol. 1 and wasn't usually sold separately. 

The screen saver was available for Windows operating system 3.0 or higher as well as for Macintosh system 7.0 and above. It was released in CD-ROM and 3.5" diskette formats.
