Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Out of the Cellar is the breakthrough album by glam metal band Ratt, released in 1984. Produced by Beau Hill, the album features their best-known hit, "Round and Round", and other hits such as "Wanted Man", "Back for More" (the song was originally on the Ratt EP), and "Lack of Communication".

It is RIAA certified Triple Platinum album.

The model on the album cover is Tawny Kitaen, better known for her appearances in Whitesnake music videos, and the same year's teen-aimed film Bachelor Party. As she was long-time girlfriend to guitarist Robbin Crosby at that time, she also appeared in the "Back For More" music video.

In 2003 Metal-Rules.com named "Out of the Cellar" number 3 of their "Top 50 Glam Metal Albums". They also named it number 67 of their "Top 100 Heavy Metal Albums of All Time".

Ratt is an American heavy metal band that formed in San Diego and enjoyed significant commercial success in the 1980s. The band is most notable for their songs "Round and Round," "Wanted Man," "Lay It Down," "You're in Love", "Way Cool Jr." and "Back For More." Though the group lost popularity in the following decade, Ratt has been recognized as instrumental in the formation of the early 1980s Los Angeles hard rock and glam metal scene.

The band has sold an estimated 8 million records in the U.S. while worldwide album sales are approximated at over 20 million. VH1 slotted the band at #79 on its "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock". Their 7th studio album is due to be released sometime in late 2009.

Ratt's music is influenced by 1970s hard rock and glam rock bands such as Aerosmith, Sweet, Van Halen and Kiss. They fused this style with heavy metal influences, including Iron Maiden and Judas Priest.

Although they later incorporated more of a blues-rock sound into their music, the band was one of the first glam metal style groups that appeared in the early 1980s in California. Their image bore similarities to that of Rough Cutt, which had several members who where previously in Mickey Ratt (from which Ratt evolved).


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

