1. Adored
2. Song for Jacob
3. Slow Poison
4. Hatefuck
5. I Am Your Skin
6. She’s So Bendable
7. The Spectator
8. I Have Seen the Future
9. Red Hands and White Knuckles
10. Jack-O’-Lantern Man
11. Sugarpill 


Artist: The Bravery
Title: Stir The Blood
Store Date: 1 dec 2009
Upload Date: 24 nov 2009
Label: Island
Genre: Indie rock
Cover: front
Bitrate: vbr kb/s, joint stereo 


Off the heels of a North American tour with punk rock mainstays Green Day, New York City's The Bravery announced an ambitious headlining tour kicking off Friday, September 18th at the Hard Rock in Las Vegas, NV in support of their new release out December 1st. Lead single "Slow Poison" impacts Modern Rock Radio September 15th. The band will play shows in more than 30 cities across the country throughout the fall. The tour is in support of their much-anticipated third studio album, slated for November 10th release.

The band's new album is produced by John Hill, whose credits include Santigold and M.I.A. This album follows 2007's The Sun And The Moon, which featured the wildly successful smash hits "Time Won't Let Me Go" and "Believe." "Time Won't Let Me Go," soared into the top 10 on the alternative charts, while "Believe" reached #4 and ended 2008 as the #1 most played song for stations in Los Angeles, Boston, Seattle and San Francisco. It was the #8 Most Played Song of 2008 overall at Alternative Radio.

Prior to that, The Bravery saw impressive success with their self-titled debut on Island Records. The album featured standout singles "An Honest Mistake," "Unconditional," and "Fearless." The album debuted #5 on the UK album charts and was certified Gold in the UK within the first week. The band has appeared on major late night television shows The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, The Late Show with David Letterman, Late Night with Conan O'Brien and Jimmy Kimmel Live!, as well as Later with Jools Holland in the UK. The Bravery have toured with such renowned musical powerhouses as U2, Depeche Mode, and Smashing Pumpkins. 

