Auslogics BoostSpeed 4

The Remedy For a Slow Computer
Auslogics BoostSpeed
Auslogics BoostSpeed [+]

This is so typical. We buy a new PC and soon it slows down to a crawl. Sometimes we just expect too much perhaps. But all too often, the computer is really running slow.

Why? Remnants of programs you once installed are now clogging the memory and disks. The Windows Registry is filled with junk and rarely defragmented. To top it all, Windows runs services you don't need.
CNet's 5 Star Rated - Watch Video
CNet's 5 Star Rated - Watch Video [+]

Luckily for us, computer owners, most of these problems can be reversed. Auslogics BoostSpeed can speed up your computer by cleaning up and defragmenting disks and the Registry, removing bloated software, and applying performance tweaks.
So, How Much Faster Can A Slow Computer Become?
Performance Tests
Performance Tests [+]

We tested BoostSpeed on a 2-year old notebook to see how the program can speed up a computer. Tests with WinBench software show 10%-100% improvement to an overall computer performance after all the clean up has been done (click on the picture to see the results).

As you can see, Internet speed was greatly increased using several techniques. Memory usage, computer start up and shutdown speed, opening a Word document - all went noticeably faster than before optimization. Results vary on different computers and some people report "unbelievable results", while others simply use the program for daily computer maintenance.
Is It Worth The Money?

It's simple. To get a technician to look at your computer will easily cost you somewhere in the neighbourhood of $50 to $100 per hour or more. And that’s before any repairs.

Now, when you optimize your computer you save approximately 10 to 30 minutes a day. This means that, in just a few days, the program will have saved you more money than what you had spent on the purchase of the program.

To top it all off, it's a one-stop program to keep your computer healthy and error-free, plus get rid of most annoyances.
Testimonials
"This meticulously written application is an ideal solution for anyone who wants to boost their computer for peak performance without costly hardware upgrades. BoostSpeed gives you a combination of 15 precision-engineered modules, all conveniently delivered in one optimization suite."

— Editorial Staff, PC PLUS
"BoostSpeed effectively rehabilitates and maximizes PC performance without adding or changing hardware, keeps Microsoft Office and Windows™ components running smoothly, and gives users the ultimate control over Internet connection while providing comprehensive traffic analysis tools."

— Windows XP Made Easy Magazine
Multiple Languages

Thanks to our users Auslogics BoostSpeed is available in English and Russian. You have a unique opportunity to get 3 licenses of BoostSpeed for free by translating it into your native language! All you need is to know English well. You don’t even need any specialized knowledge in software development. It is very simple – just download this zip file, unpack it and follow the instructions included. We appreciate your help in developing our software!

Note: Auslogics BoostSpeed is already available in English and Russian, hence translation into these languages is not required and will not be granted. Please, check your translation thoroughly before sending it to us. Only qualitative translation is acceptable and may be granted.

		

Start programs faster. Speed up computer start time. Increase Internet speed, optimize your Internet Explorer, Firefox and E-mail programs.

Boost Speed will clean up disks and the Registry to speed up your computer and tweak Windows to its peak performance.

System Requirements

The following minimal configuration is recommended to run this product.

    * 7/Vista/2008/XP/2003 (32-bit and 64-bit supported)
    * 32 Mb of RAM
    * 25 Mb of available disk space


Latest Version:  	4.5.14.270 (version history)
File Size: 	6.24 MB
Supported Windows Versions: 	7/Vista/2008/XP/2003
Release Date: 	October 22, 2009