TMPGEnc XPress Retail 4.7.6.304 Final - English - Full 
Latest Release: March 31, 2010 
Incl. keyfilemaker & Patch by EMBRACE 

TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress gives you the freedom to take almost any video file and encode it to your desired file format including DivX, AVI, QuickTime, MPEG 4-ISO, H.264, DVD-Video, DVD-VR, HDV camcorder, Blu-ray Disc and much more. This powerful software provides you with functions and features ranging from a simple cut-editor tool to multiple powerful video filtering and effects. Now with NVIDIA CUDA™ support! 

Features: 

Windows Media Center WTV File Support! NEW! 
The .wtv file format is a new container format for video recorded with Windows Media Center. If you have Windows 7, or Windows Vista with Media Center TV Pack 2008, your Media Center recorded video will be in this format. TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress can now import your .wtv files, allowing you to edit out commercials or unwanted scenes, apply filters, add subtitles, and convert it to another video format. 

MPEG-2 TS AAC 5.1 Channel Input Support! NEW! 
Now when you import your MPEG-2 TS files that have AAC audio, you can import up to 5.1 channels of surround sound! A new option in the Clip Audio properties allows you to manually specify the number of audio channels when importing AAC audio. 

Convert Almost Any Video File! 
TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress excels at converting video from one format to another. Got a Media Center recording that you'd like to convert to DivX? Or maybe you have a DivX file you'd like to convert to DVD-compliant MPEG? TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress can do it all, and you'll have complete control over the output settings. You can even make your own custom output settings! 

Four Step Encoding 
TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress gives you an easier way of encoding with 4 steps: Start, Input, Output, Encode, along with settings template so you don’t waste your time figuring out the spec settings. Now it doesn’t take a video guru to be able to encode video; with the simple user interface, workflow is a lot more enjoyable. 

Got HD 
Got High Definition Video? TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress now supports the import/output of High Definition video MPEG-2 (MP@HL 1920×1080) files. 

Automatic Scene change detection 
Automatically detect scene changes and flag them for reference to make life a little easier while editing. 

Subtitle support 
The new video generator blends the text into your video, and the new subtitle editor also provides numerous options and settings at your disposal. 

Need Filters? 
TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress includes 19 unique filters and allows you to apply 30 filters to your video and encode it once. 

Create Slideshows using video frames 
You can now create a slideshow with your pictures or by utilizing separate individual frames from your video, captured to file with the Frame Capture feature. You can also include an audio track for your slideshow along with a wide variety of transitions. 

DivX support 
Import/Output to DivX’s popular high quality file types with TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress. Thanks to the native support of DivX you can import and output to and from DivX formats. 

Edit Your Video 
TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress includes plenty of tools to enhance your video. Use the cut-editor to cut out unwanted scenes. Add filters to correct color, crop the picture, resize, sharpen, deinterlace, reduce noise, and more! 

NVIDIA CUDA™NVIDIA CUDA Support! 
If you have a NVIDIA CUDA™ compatible graphics card, you can unleash the power of the GPU's multiple cores to crush the processing time for decoding and applying video filters! (Speed increases are dependent on your hardware environment and are not guaranteed.) Learn more... 

AVCHD input support!Convert Your AVCHD Footage! 
The popular AVCHD video format is now officially supported as an input source! Easily take your AVCHD footage and convert it to other video formats such as DVD-Video! 

Blu-ray Disc Encoding! 
We've added a new output template for the Blu-ray Disc format! Convert your video into BDMV or BDAV compliant MPEG-2 video and maintain the quality of your high definition footage! 

Performance Optimization Feature NEW! 
You can choose to optimize your CPU and CUDA performance based on your hardware when you start up the program. This allows the video filters to use the processing method that will obtain the best results, increasing the performance of your hardware and saving you time. 

Real Time Processing Rate Display NEW! 
During output, the processing performance of the CPU and CUDA processors are displayed so you can see how much your computer is utilizing them. 

Now Even Faster 
As of Version 4.3.0.220, TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress has improved MPEG video decoding and improved 2D/3D Noise Reduction processing! 

DivX® HD 1080p Support! NEW! 
With support for the latest DivX® encoder/decoder, you can output in full 1080p! Awesome DivX compression technology and full HD video! 

All this and more! 

Changelog  
http://tmpgenc.pegasys-inc.com/en/download/te4xp_rireki.html 

Compatible with Windows 2000, XP, Vista and Win7 (32/64-bit)