Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Why" is the title of a song recorded by American country band Rascal Flatts. It is the third single from their sixth studio album, Unstoppable. It was released to radio stations on September 29, 2009 and debuted at #44 on the U.S. Billboard US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of October 10, 2009. It was written by Rob Mathes and Allen Shamblin.

Roughstock gave the song a favorable review. Bobby Peacock of the website says of the song, “The lyrics alone are beautiful, with the narrator asking just why a special person in his life had to commit suicide. Perhaps the best line is 'Why you'd leave the stage in the middle of a song' — a very striking metaphor.”  The song also received special mention in Matt Bjorke original review of the Unstoppable album, where he wrote, “for this album, "Why" the trio has found what might be their best album-ending track since their self-titled debut's "I'm Moving On." Levox has NEVER sounded better vocally and sings the questioning lyrics that make up the Allen Shamblin and Rob Mathes song. The song finds a guy asking why a friend would choose to 'leave the stage in the middle of the song.’”  Chris Neal of Country Weekly gave it three stars out of five, saying that lead singer Gary LeVox "handles the lyric as delicately as its subject matter[…] calls for" but said that the "climactic arena rock guitar solo[…]rob[s] some of the song of its intimacy."

Unstoppable is the sixth studio album by the American country pop group Rascal Flatts. The album was released on April 7, 2009, via Lyric Street Records, under the production of Dann Huff and the group. This album is led off by the single, "Here Comes Goodbye", which was released in January 2009 and reached number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in the issue dated April 25, 2009. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 in the U.S. with 351,000 copies sold, making it the band's fifth consecutive number-one debut on the chart. As of November, 2009, the album has sold 1,030,796 copies in the United States.

The first single, "Here Comes Goodbye", was released on January 20, 2009. The song was co-written by American Idol season 6 finalist Chris Sligh. Rascal Flatts will tour in support of the album on the Rascal Flatts American Living Unstoppable Tour, presented by department store chain JCPenney. Editions sold at JCPenney include the bonus track "American Living". "Summer Nights" was released as the second single from the album on May 19, 2009. It reached #2 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. "Why" was released as the third single from the album on September 29, 2009. It became their lowest-peaking career single to date, peaking at #18 on the aforementioned chart.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

