Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

This is the "Limited Edition".

EPICA is the child of Mark Jansen, a talented Dutch guitarist that founded After Forever as well. They made their breakthrough only with their previous, third album “The Divine Conspiracy” not because they suddenly became a great band, which they always were, but mostly due to the fact that they were promoted by the currently biggest heavy metal record company. These are the signs of our times, but even with such a push you can’t go very far without being worth of it.
And EPICA come with a huge album like “Design Your Universe” to claim the throne of what is called (misleadingly in my humble opinion) female fronted metal. This term says nothing - Sabina Classen or Angela Gossow that are frontwomen as Simone Simons, but the music that accompanies them is some worlds apart from the mythical world that Simons can travel you with her voice.
If you like your music with labels, then what EPICA play is progressive symphonic metal and they sure know how to deliver it. “Design Your Universe” continues in the same spirit as its predecessor only with even grander and more epic songs. Jansen shows that his capabilities in writing big compositions that can combine operatic vocals, growls, Gregorian chants, symphonic parts, death outbreaks, piano interludes (and the list goes on) hasn’t reached its peak. He is the maestro keeping the equilibrium among all those elements and the outcome shines bright, a fact that should also be granted to producer Sascha Paeth (Angra, Kamelot, Rhapsody, Avantasia) as well, who is a master in making power metal albums find their way. As for Simone Simons there is not much to say. She is a girl that could sing only with her image (you already knew that, didn’t you?), but her mezzo soprano voice and her alto outbreaks leave no room for doubts about her capabilities. Just listen to “Tides Of Time”, a superb ballad, or the magnificent “Our Destiny” that has some incredible vocals before its outburst – they will surely get you into their musical vision. As for the lyrics, this time they seem to touch more earthly issues like liberty and freedom which suits me better, hope it does the same for you. Whatever the lyrics are though, you can’t escape the fairytale concept that band carries with them. What makes EPICA even more attractive is that they don’t lack brutality despite their image and the presence of a woman behind the microphone. Jansen growls (not the best around, but fairly acceptable) and the band’s recent transfers, Isaac Delahaye/guitars and Arien Van Weesenbeek both from (God Dethroned) guarantee that death metal elements will haunt the majestic atmosphere.
Their live album that has just been released showed in the most emphatic tone that the band aims really high and beyond the typical heavy metal standards implementing choirs and symphonic orchestras in their music. EPICA is a band that progresses, evolves and becomes bigger with each attempt. “Design Your Universe” is a complete album in all aspects that gets hold of you the more you listen to it. It is a step forward for the band and if “Divine Conspiracy” brought them ahead of many, then this one will establish their status and multiply their fans.