pk/133                             
                                
                         
                      
                
                
                  
                      
                           
                           
                              
                       
                     
                             
                                       
                                         
                            
                 
              
                    
                                 
                                                 
                                                
                                                
                                               
                                  
          
          
                                    
                                       
                            
                           
                               
                       
       
                     
      
      
      
      
                             E X T R O A D i N A R Y
                        
                          r E V E R S E
                        
                       E N G i N E E R S
                      
                   S Q U A D
                    
                P D A
                  


                                                                         
        P  R  O  U  D  L  Y       P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S . . .       
                                                                         


            
              Killer.Mobile  AdvanceSMS
            
        
      
       Release Group ........: ErESPDA   
  
        Version ..............: v1.00         
   
          Operating System .....: S60v3.SymbianOS9.1
      
         Release Type .........: Unsigned.Cracked
   
         Release Date .........: 04/12/09      
      
             Filename .............: km021          
        
      Disks ................: 01 disk(s)  
 
 
                                                                       
                                  Description                          
                                                                       


        AdvanceSMS is an SMS Utilities Application designed for S60             
        Mobile Devices that combines various powerful messaging features        
        into one user friendly app!AdvanceSMS allows you to set custom          
        SMS tones per contact just like you already can with your ring          
        tones, as well as schedule SMS's to be sent in the future,              
        filter and auto respond to messages and much much more!                 
                                                                                
        Core Features Include:                                                  
        - SMS Scheduling (which can be prompted directly when sending           
        from the native messaging client)                                       
        - SMS filtering for privacy                                             
        - Auto-responding to some or all users with a preset SMS                
        message                                                                 
        - SMS forwarding to another mobile or via Email                         
        - Custom incoming SMS tones for different contacts (just like           
        you've been able to do with ring tones for years now!)                  
        - Configureable missed SMS reminder tone                                
        - Full Screen SMS preview of the incoming message (read the             
        entire message text)                                                    
        - Export SMS's to a CSV file                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                



                                                                       
                                  Installation                         
                                                                       


        Register with Any Key (if Required)                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                



                                                                       
                          How to Install Unsigned Apps                 
                                                                       


       Step 1: Make sure you have a file browser installed, it is running
       and nothing else. Do not use the built-in Symbian browser,
       but a program like X-Plore (free version works too).

       Step 2: Send HelloCarbide and installserver.exe to your phone
       (S60v3 Device). Do not open them yet.

       Step 3: Close any programs that may be running on your phone,
       except the file browser.

       Step 4: Install and Run HelloCarbide.sis. Now go to options,
       then to menu1. Keep Pressing the selection key untill it crashes.
       This is normal. You will have access to the system/private folders.

       Step 5: Use the file manager to copy installserver.exe into the
       c:sysbin folder of your phone. This allows you to install
       unsigned apps.

       Now Simply send the Unsigned Releases from ErESPDA to your phone
       and install without any complications. ^_^
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                      
                     - -- --- ----  Group  Info  ---- --- -- -              
                                                                             
                                We are looking for                        
                                                                         
                 - Crackers for all Operating Systems                 
                                                                      
                 - Quality suppliers                                 
                                                                      
                 - Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with       
                                                                        
                 - Anything else you think we might like              
                                                                       
                       e r e s p d a  a t  g m a i l . c o m            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
    
     - ยง  i i -b  -p   K - R  M -t H  -w  R L D -o F -1 3 3