Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Chromeo is an electrofunk duo based in Montreal, Canada composed of P-Thugg (Patrick Gemayel) on keyboards, synthesizers, and talk box, and Dave 1 (David Macklovitch) on guitar and lead vocals. The two childhood friends jokingly describe themselves as "the only successful Arab/Jewish partnership since the dawn of human culture." Their second album Fancy Footwork is their mainstream breakthrough.

The two met in high school when Macklovitch joined Gemayel's band, around the time they were both 15. During this time, Macklovitch's brother A-Trak started winning the DMC championships, becoming World Champion in 1997.

After the band, Dave 1 and P-Thugg started to produce hip hop together. Also, at this time Tiga was working with Dave 1 at a record store and asked Dave 1 to work on a project for his label, Turbo. Dave 1 and P-Thugg signed as Chromeo in 2001, and started creating tracks in 2002.

The debut album, She's in Control, released in 2004, defined Chromeo and started their music career. Reviews were mostly favorable, comparing the sound to 80's groups like Hall & Oates, Klymaxx and Sylvester. "Needy Girl" became a world wide club hit. According to Dave 1, "She's in Control didn’t blow up. It was pretty much a failure at all levels. But we had “Needy Girl,” and “Needy Girl” was like a musical passport. That song went all around the world and DJs played it everywhere."

After a three year break, they released a second album, Fancy Footwork, which was also positively reviewed.

The album took them on a two-year world tour performing in festivals such as Glastonbury, Reading and Leeds in the UK, Fujirock in Japan, Iceland Airwaves in Iceland, Pemberton Music Festival in Canada and Coachella, Bonnaroo and Lollapalooza in the US.

Most recently, Chromeo contributed to K7's compilation titled DJ-Kicks: Chromeo. In summer 2010 the track 'Fancy Footwork' was used as the sound track for a VO5 Extreme Hair Gel advertisement in the UK. Thevideo of the original release in 2008 had over 666,000 hits by late July 2010.

Chromeo is working on their third studio album entitled Business Casual set to release September 14, 2010. The released track, "Night by Night" will be on this album. On June 29 the new song "Don't Turn the Lights On" was released.

Macklovitch is currently earning his Ph.D in French Literature.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/