POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at

POtHS - Conspiracy Facts - Part 71 - The Pyramid Codes


The Pyramids. Satin and 43 of his equal powered Angels along with 1/3 of The Angels in Heaven were imprisoned on Planet Earth. Did you know that there are 44 Pyramids sites in The World. I think these Pyramid sites were the homes the 44 "major" Fallen Angels. This story is told in "The Earth Report"Apparently these Pyramids were built to produce energy and protect the Fallen Angels during a process of Rebirth that was required to maintain some of their heavenly "POWERS"

The Elite, The Blue Bloods and The Ruling Class of the World all trace their roots back to these Pharaohs that built The Pyramids. So it doesn't a Rocket Scientist to figure all that out. 

The Blood Line that we all hear about is The Bloodline of Lucifer and his Fallen Angels. The Great Flood took out most of them. There are a least 1000 thousand of them, (Blue Bloods, Elite)as Bush Pointed out the 1000 points of Light in His Inaugural Speech on January 20th, 1989.

Wikipedia:

The Thousand points of light was a recurring phrase in speeches given by George H. W. Bush. The term was coined by speechwriter Peggy Noonan. In his inaugural address on January 20, 1989, Bush said I have spoken of a thousand points of light, of all the community organizations that are spread like stars throughout the Nation, doing good. We will work hand in hand, encouraging, sometimes leading, sometimes being led, rewarding. We will work on this in the White House, in the Cabinet agencies. I will go to the people and the programs that are the brighter points of light, and I will ask every member of my government to become involved. The old ideas are new again because they are not old, they are timeless: duty, sacrifice, commitment, and a patriotism that finds its expression in taking part and pitching in.


Many thanks to all the Film Makers that brought these facts to life.

I am using a new Dedicated SEED BOX that uploads at high rates of speed. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address pm016.xirvik.com. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download bandwidth. This server has 400 times more bandwidth than my Comcast connection.

The World Governments that are run by The Banksters, that are empowered by Lucifer, are The True Terrorists, only The Final Showdown between Lucifer and Jesus will save Mankind. We know who wins the Battle, The Creator of The Universe, of course!!!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
 
http://www.projectcamelot.org 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father.  

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   