Cassandra Wilson - Glamoured 
Original Release Date: October 7, 2003 
Audio CD: October 7, 2003 
Label: Blue Note Records 
Quality: 320 kbps

One of the simple pleasures of life is putting a Cassandra Wilson disc into the player and hitting "start".  Her voice takes me to a spot that few singers know how to reach...and "Glamoured" proves, once again, why Cassandra is one of our most important performers.
This release is a great mix of brilliantly conceived covers and incredible originals. One of the fascinating things about being a CW fan is following the growth of her talents as a songwriter. While the promise was always there ( think "Redbone" ), with each new release, her songwriting skills have grown stronger, to where we now have originals that rival the covers she chooses.  No where is this more evident than on the toe tapping "I Want More", with an outsanding drum contribution from Terri Lyne Carrington, and "On This Train" where that haunting smoky voice just shines through - this is the type of song that reminds you why you love Cassandra's vocals.
As always, the cover choices are both inspired and radically reinterpretted.  Sting's "Fragile" and Dylan's "Lay Lady Lay" are well done, but Cassandra rips through her take of Muddy Waters' "Honey Bee" ( here's hoping someday she delivers an entire project devoted to the blues as she has talked about ), and she makes Willie Nelson's "Crazy" her own.  But the ABSOLUTE highlight of this project is Cassandra's take on Luther Ingram's 70's R&B classic "If Loving You Is Wrong ( I Don't Wanna Be Right) ".  This version of the song is gut wrenching - with Cassandra's voice conveying more emotion than any singer in today's marketplace.  This song gets everything right - mood, instrumentation, vocals...it is passionate and painful, as classic soul music was always meant to be. 
Cassandra, as always, gets everything right on "Glamoured".  This is a wonderful release. ~ Karl Miller

Personnel:
CASSANDRA WILSON - Vocals/ Acoustic Guitar 
GREGOIRE MARET - Harmonica 
BRANDON ROSS - Banjo/ Guitar 
FABRIZIO SOTTI - Guitar 
REGINALD VEAL - Acoustic Upright Bass 
CALVIN JONES - Bass 
HERLIN RILEY - Drums/ Washboard 
TERI LYNNE CARRINGTON - Drums 
JEFFREY HAYNES - Percussion 

Cassandra Wilson - Glamoured Tracks:
01  Fragile
02  Sleight Of Time
03  I Want More
04  If Loving You Is Wrong
05  Lay Lady Lay
06  Crazy
07  What Is It?
08  Heaven Knows
09  Honey Bee
10  Broken Drum
11  On This Train
12  Throw It Away

