Title: Toto The Hero aka Toto Le Héros 
Year: 1991 
Country: Belgium / France / Germany
Language: French
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 707 MB 
Genre: Drama  
Runtime: 91 min
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3 
IMDB Rating: 7.8/10 (2.054 votes) 
Directed by: Jaco Van Dormael
Starring: Michel Bouquet ...  Thomas, as an old man 
 Jo De Backer ...  Thomas, as an adult 
 Thomas Godet ...  Thomas, as a child 
 Gisela Uhlen ...  Evelyne as an old woman 
 Mireille Perrier ...  Evelyne as young woman 
 Sandrine Blancke ...  Alice 
 Peter Böhlke ...  Alfred as an old man 
 Didier Ferney ...  Alfred, as an adult 
 Hugo Harold Harrison ...  Alfred, as a child 
 Fabienne Loriaux ...  Thomas' Mother 
 Klaus Schindler ...  Thomas' Father 
 Pascal Duquenne ...  Celestin, as an adult 
 Karim Moussati ...  Celestin, as a child 
 Didier De Neck ...  Mr. Kant 
 Christine Smeysters ...  Mrs. Kant 

IMDB:  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103105/

Synopis: Thomas and Alfred were born around the same time; a fire in the nursery had nurses scrambling to save the newborns. Because he felt that he deserved Alfred's good fortune at being born into a wealthy family, Thomas conceives the idea that he and Alfred were switched at birth, and he can't help seeing that his unhappiness should be Alfred's, from the loss of his sister to his inability to have a relationship with the woman Evelyne. So, as his life is ending, he formulates a plan of revenge against his bitter enemy, his lifetime adversary, the man who stole his existence. (IMDB)

Awards: Nominated for BAFTA Film Award. Another 15 wins (included 1991 Cannes Film Festival - Award of the Youth and Golden Camera / Camera D'Or, Best Film in Fantasporto 1992 and the Cesar 1992 for Best Foreign Film) & 1 nomination. 


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                          
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ
