---------
Coast to coast AM, Oct 7, 8, 9 full untouched stream .rm files

This torrent contains 48 files - each in .rm format directly downloaded from premere Radio Network servers.
This is my first attempt at downloading the stream, so I have only included the last three days of shows. Note - since this is a full stream which streamlink members can access, bumper music isalso included! 

Each show ranges from part 0 to part 15. every 4 parts represents a full hour (while parts 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14 represent half hours). This is actually how the stream is layed out - not my doing!

I might consider joining the .rm files - but this way you get the full untouched stream.

No need to pay for streamlink - free sharing bro, free sharing!

Remember that I am on a dial-up server, so if you don't seed, then poof goes this torrent. So be kind, be nice -- and seed!

Shows included are self-explanatory:

Friday - oct. 09:
In the first hour, former member of Creedence Clearwater Revival (CCR) and solo recording artist John Fogerty made an in-studio visit. Fogerty talked about his career, influences, and fascination with Coast to Coast related subjects. He told George that CCR's famous song, "Bad Moon Rising," was inspired by the 1941 fantasy film The Devil and Daniel Webster. 

Fogerty spoke of his love for the 1951 sci-fi movie The Thing from Another World and the original Outer Limits television series, as well. George played Fogerty's new alien-themed song, "Haunted House," a remake of Gene Simmons' 1964 version. Fogerty also commented on reverse-engineered alien technology, 'shadow' government conspiracies, and his sense that "some sort of impending thing" is on the horizon. 


Website(s):
•johnfogerty.com

thursday oct. 08:
Strange Police Encounters - Shows - Coast to Coast AM
A detective sergeant, forensic artist, and 20-yr. police veteran in the Michigan State Police, Ingrid P. Dean shared stories from the front lines of law enforcement which were shaped by angels and apparitions, dreams and intuition, signs, and unexplainable phenomena. By being open to the occasional gut instincts and/or divine guidance, police officers are sometimes able to make life-saving decisions in the crucial moment, she explained, recounting an incident where she saved a boy who was going into shock from a bee sting. Dean also told of an intriguing case involving a wildlife officer who lost his badge in the woods. Just before reporting it as missing, he ran across an unoccupied eagle's nest, and there mixed inside the twigs was his badge. 

During the evening, several police officers gave their first hand testimony of unusual cases. Officer Steve spoke about a 1992 incident in which he stopped a car that ran a red light. The driver of the stopped vehicle began firing a barrage of bullets from an automatic weapon, and Ofc. Steve became pinned inside his squad car. Just after his windshield exploded, his car filled with a golden light, and he heard a voice say 'you will not be harmed,' and saw a golden transparent shield forming "before my eyes." Shortly after that, back-up arrived and the gunman was apprehended. 


Officer Lawrence described a case he investigated in the mid-1970s, the apparent gunshot suicide of a teenage boy. But during a dream he had, it came to him that the gun went off when the boy was cleaning the weapon. This was later borne out in the evidence, and there was some consolation to the family that it was not a suicide, he said.





Paranormal Tales 



Last hour guest, author Michael Teitelbaum recounted scary tales of the paranormal gathered from different American states. In California, a boy encountered a Shadow Person in his garage, a human-shaped figure made of black mist. The boy was momentarily paralyzed until the being vanished, he detailed. In Ohio, a girl went down to the basement and saw items in disarray, and heard a voice say "get out!" When she returned with her parents, moments later, the items were all returned to their place.



Website(s):
•spiritofthebadge.com
•scarystatesofamerica.com

Thursday oct. 07 - bigfoot evidence

Four different experts on Bigfoot shared various aspects of the phenomenon, including photos, sound clips, and analysis of the Patterson film. In the fist hour, Jeffrey Gonzalez, the founder of the Sanger Paranormal Society, and veteran Bigfoot investigator David Raygoza, discussed a recent photo captured on a motion-sensitive trail cam (see below) in the Sierra National Forest in June 2009. Raygoza, who has visited this remote location numerous times, said witnesses had reported a family of Bigfoot were in this area. Gonzalez and a crew did a thorough investigation of the site, and concluded that the photo was authentic, and the creature measured 8-9 ft. in height. Bigfoot are flesh and blood creatures that can camouflage themselves like chameleons, Raygoza commented, while Gonzalez noted that strange lights are sometimes seen in Bigfoot areas, suggesting a possible UFO connection. 

Bigfoot researcher Stan Courtney presented some of his audio recordings, which he said feature sounds that don't match known animals. The animal noises can start out as low pitch and turn into a roar, as well as go into a high pitch wail. In the clip he labeled as the 'Colorado Howl,' an eerie two-tone sound is heard that might have been the animal imitating the sound of a coyote. In another clip, a creature is heard mimicking Courtney's own call. Some of the unknown animal sounds can be quite terrifying-- people can be more traumatized by hearing these than actually seeing the creatures, he noted.

Enjoy! :)
More coming soon!
p.s: I'm not on dial-up right now.
And during school I'll seed.
So don't despair, chum!
