DVDRip.

Multimedia Container Format: AVI
Resolution: 720x416 (1.73:1)
Video Codec: XVID (2151 Kbit/sec)
Audio Codec: AC3 - 2 channels (192 Kbit/sec)
Audio Language: English
Frame rate: 25.00 fps

Subtitles: English, French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Swedish, Finnish, Norwegian, Danish, Portuguese, Polish 

Subtitle format: IDX/SUB

Running Time: 02:01:21

***** THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE (1962) *****

IMDb User Rating: 8.3 / 10 (33,985 votes)

IMDb's Top 250: #137

Directed by John Frankenheimer
Written by Richard Condon (based on a novel by), George Axelrod (screenplay), John Frankenheimer (uncredited)

Cast:


	Frank Sinatra	... 	Major Bennett Marco
	Laurence Harvey... 	Raymond Shaw
	Janet Leigh	... 	Eugenie Rose Chaney
	Angela Lansbury... 	Mrs. Iselin
	Henry Silva	... 	Chunjin
	James Gregory	... 	Senator John Yerkes Iselin
	Leslie Parrish	... 	Jocelyn Jordan
	John McGiver	... 	Senator Thomas Jordan
	Khigh Dhiegh	... 	Dr. Yen Lo
	James Edwards	... 	Corporal Allen Melvin
	Douglas Henderson... 	Colonel Milt
	Albert Paulsen	... 	Zilkov
	Barry Kelley	... 	Secretary of Defense
	Lloyd Corrigan	... 	Holborn Gaines
	Madame Spivy	... 	Female Berezovo

Plot Summary:

In Korea in 1952, a US Army patrol is ambushed by Communist soldiers. A year later the squad, having escaped, returns to the US, where Staff Sergeant Raymond Shaw is to receive the Medal of Honor for single-handedly saving the lives of the squad. Shaw is the son of Elanor Iselin, wife of US Senator John Yerkes Iselin, and Mrs. Iselin turns the return of Raymond into a political rally that brings out building hostility between son and mother over the ambitions of Johnny Iselin. But there is more involved, for the actions of Raymond Shaw are not what everyone believes they are, and the nightmares of a US Army officer, Bennett Marco, leads to investigation of Raymond that unlocks a stunning political conspiracy that sweeps up Johnny and Elanor Iselin, and which only Bennett Marco can possibly stop.