basics 
Download free accounts software for start-up and small businesses

Basics is free accounting software designed to help your business keep track of its cash flow. It shows you at-a-glance how your business stands - who owes you money and who you owe money to. 

The free software download is quick, simple and easy to set up. It's not a time-limited trial version, there's no obligation and it's yours to use for as long as you need. 

Why is it free? We were a small business once and we haven't forgotten what it was like. So, we're giving a little something back to help your business grow, and when you need more from your software, we hope you'll consider our other products and services. It's simple.


Simple system navigation - you don't need to be an accountant to use Basics. A simple step-by-step flow chart has been added to guide you through all aspects of the program. 

Record money in and money out - with simple bank reconciliation, so you know exactly where you stand. 
  
Monitor outstanding invoices - print customer statements to encourage prompt payment and improve cash flow. 
  
VAT return and VAT reports - including full support for the Flat Rate VAT scheme. 
  
Customer and Supplier records - keep track of who you owe money to and who owes you money 
  
Customer and supplier records - keep all the key information at hand, including month-by-month summaries for three years.

System requirements 
Microsoft Windows XP (recommended) or Windows Vista 
Microsoft .NET v2 framework 
Microsoft Internet Explorer v7 or higher 
Adobe Acrobat Reader v7 or higher 
Microsoft Excel XP or higher (to use Excel Integrated Reporting) 

Minimum hardware requirements 
A PC with a 1GHz processor 
At least 512MB of RAM on Windows XP, 1GB of RAM on Windows Vista 
A hard disk with at least 500MB of free space 
A CD-ROM drive 
A monitor with 1024x768 resolution and 24-bit colour 
An Internet connection 

Recommended hardware requirements 
A PC with a 2GHz processor 
At least 1GB of RAM on Windows XP, 2GB of RAM on Windows Vista 
A hard disk with at least 500MB of free space 
A CD-ROM drive 
A monitor with 1280x1024 resolution and 32-bit colour 
A broadband Internet connection 

Additional requirements for workgroup versions 
100Mbps network, 1Gbps recommended 
Microsoft Windows networking, with TCP/IPv4 

 Additional requirements for network versions 
A network server running 32-bit or 64-bit Windows Server 2003 or Windows Small Business Server 2003, with 2GB of RAM and 500MB of free disk space 
100Mbps network, 1Gbps recommended 
Microsoft Windows networking, with TCP/IPv4 

Performance will be improved with higher specification computers. 

Please ensure that you have the latest Microsoft Windows service packs and updates installed, including those for the .NET v2 framework. This product is not designed to operate on Windows 95/98/ME/NT/2000. 

You'll need an Internet connection (ideally a broadband connection) on the same computer as  this program  in order to access online services and download program updates. If you require program updates on CD, they are available on request at a small charge. 

 It is not possible to run multiple copies of this product on a single computer.


Activation code	B3FVH-SWGRU-LP8MN-D6FW

or go website and register free and e-mail will be sent with code.

www . tassoftware . co . uk/free/ (without spaces)
