Ben10 - Secret of The Omnitrix

After a battle in a power plant, Ben notices something strange is happening with the omnitrix, but doesn't tell anyone. Tetrax arrives, and tells them the omnitrix is broadcasting a self destruct signal. Tetrax and Ben go to find the creator of the omnitrix to fix the omnitrix before it destroys itself and the universe along with it.

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1146431/


Ben10 - Race Against Time

In Bellwood, a mysterious figure teleports into town, and immediately starts destroying things. Ben Tennyson, in the form of Heatblast, confronts him. After a short battle, Ben seemingly obliterates the villain. Max Tennyson identifies him as Eon, an alien the Plumbers captured almost two centuries ago. When he arrived, he was half dead and brought a device with him called the Hands of Armageddon, which would open a time rift to the alien's home dimension and unleash his race upon Earth if activated. They travel to the containment facility where Eon is supposed to be kept, only to find it empty and his guardian aged to near-death.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1037011/



Ben10 - Alien Swarm

Set after the events of the "Ben 10: Alien Force" animated series, the movie starts with the main characters Ben, Gwen and Kevin about to bust some illegal dealers who are trying to sell alien nanotechnology. One of those dealers is revealed to be Elena Validus, a childhood friend of Ben and daughter of a disgraced ex-"PLUMBER" Victor Validus. (For those who have not watched the animated series, "PLUMBERS" are an anti-alien defense agency). Now her father has mysteriously gone missing and Elena needs Ben's help. Suddenly the alien technology springs to life and takes the form of a vast mechanical swarm. Following a brief scuffle with the swarm and a short malfunction of Ben's omnitrix, our heroes must uncover a secret alien plot to turn human beings into mindless drones. One lead lies in an old secret involving Victor Validus and Ben's own Grandpa Max.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1327701/




