Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no CMT logo.


"Only You Can Love Me This Way" is the title of a song written by Steve McEwan and John Reid. It was recorded by Australian country music singer Keith Urban on his fifth studio album, 2009's Defying Gravity. The song was released to radio on June 29, 2009, as the third single from that album and the twenty-first solo single of his career. It also became his eleventh #1 single on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in October. The song is part of the track listing to Now That's What I Call Music! 32.

Steve McEwan and John Reid penned the song together in a studio at a songwriting camp in Nashville where they had just met for the first time. In an interview with HitQuarters  McEwan said the demo of the song that was successfully pitched to Urban featured McEwan singing backed by an acoustic guitar and a "tiny drum machine". Reid had originally sung on the demo but it was later felt it would stand a better chance of being accepted by Urban if, rather than Reid's "sweet pop voice", it was sung in McEwan's deeper "more American" vocal.

The song has been met with favorable reviews. Jonathan Keefe, in his review for Slant Magazine, said that the song "recall[s] the drippiness of early-'90s Richard Marx and Bryan Adams". Tara Seetharam of Country Universe gave a B+ rating. Her review makes note of the "stripped-down" production and adds, "It’s a testament to Urban’s artistry that he’s able to breathe life and passion into such nondescript lyrics, turning them into what feels like a tailor-made ode to his wife". Michael Menachem gave a favorable review in Billboard, calling it "an affectionate ballad that could easily be a wedding song[…]Urban's genteel inflections are enhanced by light production and soft guitar strums."  Bobby Peacock of Roughstock, despite saying that it was "below the standards" of other ballads in Urban's career, called it a "welcome change" after the up-tempos "Sweet Thing" and "Kiss a Girl." This review also made note of Urban's "warm, passionate tone" and the "stripped-down" production.

Defying Gravity is the title of the fifth studio album by Australian country music artist Keith Urban. It was released on March 31, 2009 on Capitol Records. The album's lead-off single is "Sweet Thing", which topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs  charts in March 2009. "Kiss a Girl" was released on March 7, 2009 as the second single. The album became Urban's first number-one album on the Billboard 200, selling 171,000 copies in its first week of release. On December 2, 2009, the album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album, but lost to Taylor Swift's Fearless. All singles released from the album were Number One hits in either the U.S. or Canada.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/