Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Mechanical Resonance is the debut album by the American rock band Tesla. It was released in 1986.

    * "Cumin' Atcha Live" is generally the first song played at concerts by the band. It is featured in the video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.
    * "Gettin' Better" was released as the second single from the album on February 10, 1987. The B-side was "Rock Me to the Top".
    * "Little Suzi" is a cover of the Ph.D. song "Little Suzi's on the Up" and was the highest charting single from the album.

Tesla is an American hard rock band formed in Sacramento, California in 1984. They have sold 16 million albums in the United States as of 2008.

The band formed in 1984 in Sacramento as City Kidd, and was renamed Tesla during the recording of their first album, 1986's Mechanical Resonance, on the advice of their manager that City Kidd was not a great name (in addition, there was already another band going by that name). The band derived their name, certain album and song titles, and some song content from events relating to Nikola Tesla, an inventor and electrical engineer born in the 19th century in Croatia.

The band's original lineup consisted of lead vocalist Jeff Keith, guitarists Frank Hannon and Tommy Skeoch, bassist Brian Wheat, and drummer Troy Luccketta.

Tesla's music is often referred to as heavy metal, but is better described as blues metal. The band's lyrics also strayed from the themes popular in heavy metal, particularly in the 1980s at the beginning of their career. A further distinction from their contemporaries was their T-shirt-and-jeans image which was in strong contrast to Glam Metal bands of the time, which were characterized by big hair, leather pants, and flashy makeup. Also in the early days of their career, Tesla toured with Van Halen, David Lee Roth, Def Leppard, and Poison which incorrectly resulted in the band being categorized as a Glam metal band. The band's members resented this labelling.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

