Brideshead Revisited - by Evelyn Waugh - BBC Radio Classic Drama



In 1944 Captain Charles Ryder travels with a company of soldiers to Brideshead. It's a place he's been to before, and one which serves as a potent reminder of the decadent and stylish lifestyle now destroyed by the austerity of the Second World War.

Evelyn Waugh's moving and nostalgic novel revisits a golden age, when Ryder was a student at Oxford in the 1920s and in thrall to the captivating but tragic Sebastian Flyte. As the story unfolds over the next two decades, Ryder traces his friendship with Sebastian and his involvement with the young man's aristocratic Catholic family - in particular Julia, the eldest Flyte daughter.

Ben Miles stars as Charles Ryder with Jamie Bamber as Sebastian in this full-cast dramatisation, which also features Eleanor Bron and Edward Petherbridge.

Adapted by Jeremy Front and directed by Marion Nancarrow with original music by Neil Brand

Four episodes of approximately one hour each.



Episode 1:
Captain Charles Ryder finds himself posted to Brideshead Castle, scene of the beginnings of his friendship with Sebastian Flyte.

Episode 2:
Friendship with the ebullient Sebastian Flyte continues to open up new vistas for Charles - including a trip to the infamous Ma Mayfield's and meeting more of the Marchmain family. For Sebastian, however, the family is closing in.

Episode 3:
With their friendship strained, as Sebastian continues his drinking, so Charles begins to be lured by Paris and Art.

Episode 4:
Charles is overwhelmed by meeting Julia again on board ship, but will his relationship with the Marchmain family still prove to be jinxed?



With:
Charles Ryder.....Ben Miles
Sebastian.....Jamie Bamber
Lady Marchmain.....Eleanor Bron
Lord Marchmain.....Edward Petherbridge


Ripped from the audio torrent site radioarchive.cc - Registration is FREE!!


Type : mpeg 1 layer III
Bitrate : 128	
Mode : joint stereo
Frequency : 48000 Hz
Encoder : Lame 3.96




Enjoy and Seed!!