AVG Internet Security
AVG Internet Security 9.0
Complete protection for everything you do

With AVG Internet Security, our most advanced protection, you get a worry-free online experience every time. Internet Security's multiple layers of protection mean you don't have to worry about identity theft, spam or viruses. And it'll even prevent you from accidentally visiting harmful sites.

It's faster, smarter security that won't slow your computer down.

Safely bank and shop online without fear of identity theft thanks to AVG's new Identity Protection technology

Surf, and search with confidence, with LinkScanner® checking web pages at the only time that matters - right before you click that link

With AVG Internet Security you also have access for the first time to AVG Identity Theft Recovery Unit that will help you get your life back in order if you ever become a victim of identity theft – online or offline.

Additionally, Internet Security 9.0 pulls together elements of AVG’s firewall, identity protection, and anti-virus signature detection capabilities to deliver the most accurate detection of new and unknown threats. This enhanced protection level makes use of cutting-edge technologies like application white-listing and “in-the-cloud” automated testing for tell-tale signs that indicate the presence of a new threat.

When you install AVG Internet Security, every one of these features is fully-functional - there's no need to do a thing.
Banking and shopping online
AVG Identity Protection	Keeps your private information safe from known and unknown threats
NEW Enhanced Firewall	Prevents hackers from seeing inside your computer
Surfing and searching the web, social networking
LinkScanner® Active Surf-Shield	Ensures every web page you visit is safe – even before you go there
LinkScanner® Search-Shield	Applies safety ratings to your Google, Bing/MSN and Yahoo search results
NEW Superior Phishing Protection	Checks to make sure web pages really are what they appear to be
Emailing, chatting, and downloading
NEW Enhanced Anti-Spam	Blocks spammers and scammers from clogging your system
Web Shield	Lets you download and exchange files without risking virus infections
E-mail Scanner	Keeps you safe from dangerous attachments and links in your e-mail
Whether you’re online or offline
Anti-Virus	Makes sure you can’t get or spread a virus, worm, or Trojan horse
Anti-Spyware	Prevents unauthorized information access by spyware and adware
Anti-Rootkit	Ensures even the toughest and most sophisticated threats are kept out of your PC
Game Mode	Keeps you safe without interrupting your game-play
Update Manager	Makes sure you’re always protected against the latest threats – automatically
System Tools	Lets you customize how AVG protection works with your system

AVG Identity Protection
AVG Identity Protection™
Up-to-the-minute protection for online banking and shopping

The more time you spend on line, the more important it is to keep your personally-identifiable information safe from identity thieves. AVG Identity Protection sits on top of your existing anti-virus, shielding your passwords, credit card numbers, and other digital valuables from prying eyes.

AVG Identity Protection™ goes way beyond the typical identity theft protection software. Not only will we keep you safe from online threats - we’re also able to see when anything potentially bad might be happening on your PC, and stop it before it can do any damage.

AVG Identity Protection™ enhances any anti-virus, not just AVG. Here’s how:

Your identity is safe whenever you go online

New and unknown threats are kept out of your PC

All this plus free online expert support around the clock and around the globe
Add more computers
1 computer, Download
 1 year Subscription CAD 20.99
Processing ...

    * Features
    * System Requirements
    * Support & Download

AVG Identity Protection™ uses behavioral analysis to make sure all the programs running on your PC are operating the way they should. If it spots something suspicious, it shuts that activity down, preventing any possible identity theft.
Antivirus is no longer enough

Every day, tens of thousands of new viruses appear in security software companies research labs. Traditional security software products just can’t keep up. You need an additional layer of protection when you go online. Yes, you still need that traditional protection against the viruses and spyware that are already out there. But AVG Identity Protection goes a step further by adding protection from new and unknown threats.
No need to remember to schedule scans or updates

Because AVG Identity Protection works by spotting and blocking suspicious behavior on a continuous basis, there’s no need to worry about whether you’ve downloaded the latest signature updates for your anti-virus or scheduled a scan today.
Easy to install and manage

AVG Identity Protection is a small (10MB) download, so you can be up and running in no time. And once it’s in place, AVG Identity Protection uses a tiny amount of your computer’s processing power to provide that always-on protection.

When you’ve installed AVG Identity Protection, it goes to work right away - there’s no need to do a thing. But if you want to tweak your settings or find out more about how each component works, everything is accessible through the easy-to-use interface. Just click the appropriate icon and explore!

Here's what you'll need for AVG Internet Security 9.0 to protect your online world.
Computer Hardware

Minimum system requirements
Processor	Intel Pentium 1.5 GHz or faster
Memory	512 MB of RAM
Hard disk free space (for installation)	390 MB

Recommended
Processor	Intel Pentium 1.8 GHz or faster
Memory	512 MB RAM
Hard disk free space (for installation)	510 MB
Operating systems

AVG Internet Security 9.0 is compatible with:
Operating System	AVG Internet Security 9.0
MS Windows 98	 
MS Windows Me	 
MS Windows NT	 
MS Windows 2000	Yes
MS Windows XP	Yes
MS Windows XP Pro x64 Edition	Yes
MS Windows Vista	Yes
MS Windows Vista x64 Edition	Yes
MS Windows 7	Yes
MS Windows 7 x64 Edition	Yes
MS Windows NT Server 4.0	 
MS Windows 2000 Server	 
MS Windows 2003 Server	 
MS Windows 2003 Server x64 Edition	 
MS Windows 2008 Server	 
MS Windows 2008 Server x64 Edition	 
Linux	 
FreeBSD	 
Application	 
MS SharePoint	 
MS Exchange Server 5.x	 
MS Exchange Server 2000/2003	 
MS Exchange Server 2007	 
Kerio MailServer 5/6 (MS Windows)	 
Kerio MailServer 5/6 (Linux i386)	 
Lotus Domino (MS Windows)	 
Lotus Domino (Linux i386)	 
PostFix	 
QMail	 
SendMail	 
Exim	 
Web browser

AVG's LinkScanner® technology is compatible with:

    * Microsoft Internet Explorer
    * Mozilla Firefox

Languages

AVG Internet Security 9.0 is available in the following languages:
Language	AVG Internet Security 9.0
Bahasa (Indonesia)	Yes
Brasilian Portuguese	Yes
Chinese Traditional	Yes
Chinese Simplified	Yes
Czech	Yes
Danish	Yes
Dutch	Yes
English	Yes
French	Yes
German	Yes
Hungarian	Yes
Italian	Yes
Japanese	Yes
Korean	Yes
Malay	Yes
Polish	Yes
Portuguese (Portugal)	Yes
Russian	Yes
Serbian	Yes
Slovak	Yes
Spanish	 
Turkish	Yes

