PROUDLY PRESENTS

                         Soundbytes.BagPipes.VSTi.v1.1 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : SERIAL       
                            SIZE ......: 04 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 12/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.soundbytes.de 

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   The Soundbytes  BagPipes is  a sample  based VST  plugin instrument for the 
   windows platform. Its elaborately crafted  control engine makes it easy  to 
   play authentic sounding bagpipe styles and techniques.  
             
   This can be done using nothing  but a simple MIDI keyboard with  just basic 
   modulator input through pitch bender and modulation wheel.  
             
   Use  the  BagPipes  to  play  authentic  parts  with  convincingly sounding 
   ornaments, cuts, taps and staccato  runs. A specially designed pipe  filter 
   adds yet another layer of realism to vibrato, fades and pitch slides.  
             
             
             
   Features: 
             
   choose among six  distinctly sounding bag  pipe instruments from  different 
   european traditions:  
             
   (of course it is possible to switch instruments while playing)  
             
   galician gaita  
             
   swedish saeckpipa  
             
   bock (germany)  
             
   flemish pipe  
             
   german shepherds pipe  
             
   bohemian dudy  
             
   true drone instrument behaviour.  
             
   attack noise variation for naturally sounding trills and ornaments.  
             
   vibrato,  bag pressure  and two  user configurable  chanter modulators  are 
   controlable through MIDI.  
             
   rate and  amplitude of  the random  drift modulator  can be  fine tuned  to 
   simulate different stages of the pipers proficiency and drunkenness.  
             
   all  modulators act  simultaneously on  pitch, volume  and tone  color for 
   increased realism.  
             
   very low on CPU and memory 
             
             
             
   New in Version 1.1 
             
   Users  already  familiar  with   the  previous  version  of   the  BagPipes 
   Synthesizer  can find  here a  list of  improvements and  new features  in 
   version 1.1.  
             
   Keyboard range borders can conviniently be inserted from a midi keyboard.  
             
   The  integrated  midi monitor  displays  all incoming  midi  messages in  a 
   readable format.  
             
   Midicontroler setup parameters are now stored independently  from the patch 
   data. Up to six midi configurations can be recalled.  
             
   New fine tune VST parameters allow exact retuning of all voices through VST 
   automatisation. This works fine as  well when standard low resolution  midi 
   controlers are used.  
             
   Stepper buttons  change color  when a  note outside  the recorded  range is 
   selected in the tuning and chanter range sections.   
             
   Numerous bug  fixes increase  the overall  stability and  usability of  the 
   BagPipes synthesizer. 


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar  
                            
                  2) Copy Soundbytes folder in your VSTPlugins dir 
                            
                  3) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009