Rush - Exit... Stage Left


AMG's William Ruhlmann comments:
The video complement to Rush's live album Exit...Stage Left is a one-hour concert film shot at the Montreal Forum on the band's Moving Pictures tour. It does not conform exactly to the Exit...Stage Left audio album, presenting a different, shorter set list. The video has something of a documentary feel, with bits of audio commentary by the bandmembers in between the songs, and occasionally overlaying them. No concession has been made to the making of a film; the band appears simply to have invited a film crew in to shoot one of their concerts, with no special lighting, so that, from a video perspective, the footage is occasionally too dark or otherwise less than optimum, as the lighting crew washes the stage with different colors or the camera operators get their shots in a catch-as-catch-can manner. There are also some primitive visual effects and animations that, like the commentaries, the video would be better off without. Nevertheless, the film gets across the powerful impact of this major arena rock band in its home arena at a peak moment in its career.

Setlist:
01. Intro
02. Limelight
03. Tom Sawyer
04. The Trees
05. Xanadu
06. Red Barchetta
07. Freewill
08. Closer to the Heart
09. YYZ
10. Medley:
By-Thor and the Snow Dog
In the End
In the Mood
2112 Finale
11. YYZ (Credits)

The players:
Geddy Lee - bass guitar, vocals, synthesizers, bass pedal synthesizer and occasional rhythm guitar
Alex Lifeson - electric and acoustic guitars, bass pedal synthesizer
Neil Peart - drums and percussion

Filmed at The Montreal Forum, Montreal, Canada, on 27 March 1981.
Released on VHS and Laserdisc in 1982, and on DVD in May 2007.
Label: Anthem/Mercury Records.
Genre: Progressive Rock.

Format: NTSC, DVD5.
Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (4:3).
Audio tracks: Stereo LCPM, Dolby 5.1, DTS.
Subtitles: none.
Extras: none.
Ripped with DVD Decrypter, no compression.
Includes full artwork.

Be fair & share!
