Our 1100k bitrate new, improved 1500+ songs version Divx DJ collection is now available here:  http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5374212






This too is a somewaht complete Karaoke collection in great DivX format, all
ready to go for your disc player, laptop computer or portable DivX device
(some ipod sized devices will accomodate this complete collection and allow
you to connect to a huge enough screen and amp system at a local pub etc even,
to set up your roadshow as a Karaoke DJ in your own right)! 
http://bayimg.com/bAeoiaAcp 
http://bayimg.com/fAejcAACP

The resolution is not the best as you will get from our CD+G format files
instead. We do give it the full 128K audio bitrate however the video is set at
the familiar also industry standard of 352 X 240 instead. See here for comments
on this video resolution format:
http://club.myce.com/f34/recording-resolutions-flim-flam-146738/

You might need to use the "zoom" feature on your divx player for fullscreen
mode, if need be.

If you downlod the CD+G format files instead, you could also download our
posted CD G to AVI converter torrent to create these DivX files yourself.
If you try for higher video rolution, however, the conversion will take ages
to accomplish with this software Im afraid, and its the best we know of for
the job.

You could always try one song first as a sampler!

We have all you could want for a comprehensive enough selection:

Popular
Country
Standards+Christian
Irish/Scottish
Disco
70's
Oldies
Motown
Folk

Samplings from the greatest and universally known hits:
Italian
Spanish
French
German

The world is going to the dogs with the invasion of rap music
tastes taking over tha airwaves. Its time to reverse this treand and this
is how we do it. Set yourself up at a Bar, Church basement, Army base,
old folks home, Hospital or wherever!

Make this world a better place. Many of the renditions enclosed
are out of print as the publishers have gone out of business Im
afraid to say. Oh well, finders keepers. in any event we help promote
an industry that is in ill health without our efforts to keep it
propped up with exposure that comes from getting the folks into the
mood.

Start this weekend and make yourrself a star! An American Shure microphone
with a German engineered Behringer ACX1800 amp would give you a great start
in the business for a travelling roadshow for smaller gatherings perhaps!
Just a few hundred bucks for this equipment on ebay or your local retailer etc.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo.info (email me there if you run into questions along the way)