Pro Evolution Soccer 2010 (abbreviated as PES 2010 and known 
     as World Soccer: Winning Eleven 2010 in Japan) is an upcoming 
     football video game in the Pro Evolution Soccer series. The game 
     is being developed and published by Konami for release on Sony's 
     PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable; 
     Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Windows; Nintendo's Wii; and mobile 
     phones.
     
     PES 2010 was announced on 8 April 2009 and has a release date 
     of 23 October 2009 for the PC, PS3, PSP and Xbox 360 versions 
     in Europe. The playable demo for the PC, PS3 and Xbox 360 
     versions was released on 17 September 2009.
     
     Lionel Messi will be a key endorsement player for PES 2010 by 
     featuring throughout the promotion and development of the game. 
     He features on the cover alongside Fernando Torres, another 
     endorsement player.
     
     PES 2010 will have the following features.
     
     * PES 2010 contains improved visuals, animations and moves, 
     including live player expressions and movements that will change 
     according to conditions on the field. Animations of dribbling and 
     shots on goal, as well as individual skills, have all been reworked.
     * Gameplay has been made more realistic. This includes more 
     versatile goalkeepers and greater control over penalties in terms 
     of placing and accuracy.
     * There will be an enhanced online experience: a new 
     development team is solely dedicated to improving online play 
     and other aspects such as downloadable content and more 
     updates.
     * The AI has been improved thanks to Teamvision 2.0. Referees 
     have been reworked to make more balanced calls during matches.
     * PES 2010 introduces greater strategy control: various 
     strategic elements, such as pass frequency and width of play, can 
     be altered.
     * The match-day atmosphere gives a better taste of home and 
     away crowds, which will react spontaneously to all the action on 
     the pitch.
     * Master League has been enhanced. It has improved managerial 
     aspects, resulting in an increased managerial career lifespan.
     * 360-degree control is introduced, available on the PC, PS3 and 
     Xbox 360 versions of the game via the analogue sticks on the 
     respective controllers. PS3 owners will also benefit from this when 
     using the DualShocks D-Pad, but the Xbox 360 and Wii D-Pads 
     are limited to eight-directional control due to the hardware.
