File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no extra logos or titles.


Chickenfoot is an American hard rock supergroup, comprising ex-Van Halen members Sammy Hagar (vocals) and Michael Anthony (bass), solo musician Joe Satriani (guitar) and Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith. The band released their self-titled debut album, Chickenfoot, on June 5, 2009. Regarding the band's status as a "supergroup", vocalist Sammy Hagar states: "We’re not a supergroup, we like hanging out together and the music is a bonus. We just happen to be in other groups."

While the band's name and logo reference a disparaging term used to describe the peace symbol, the "footprint of the chicken", bassist Michael Anthony asserts that the name originated from initial jam sessions between Hagar, Smith and himself: "there are three talons on a chicken’s foot and there [were] three of us." Later Anthony stated: "it was just supposed to be a bullshit name that we’d used for a while, and then [when] the rumors spread about the band, everybody used that name so we thought, '***k it, let’s call it Chickenfoot' - it all comes down to the music anyway." Currently Chickenfoot is writing for their second album which they plan on recording in the fall of 2010.

According to vocalist Sammy Hagar: "[Chickenfoot] started off with me, Michael Anthony and Chad Smith  jamming at my club, Cabo Wabo, in Mexico. Then people started asking us when we were going to tour, make a record, etc. So I said if we’re going to do this properly then we’re going have to get a guitarist, so let’s talk to Joe Satriani. As far as I’m concerned he’s the best guitarist in the world."

The band's first performance together was in February 2008 at a Hagar concert in Las Vegas. The show included a three song set which included Led Zeppelin's "Rock And Roll", Traffic's "Dear Mr. Fantasy" and "Going Down", a song often performed by Hagar and Anthony in their other band, Los Tres Gusanos. Regarding the show, bassist Michael Anthony states: "At that point, we knew the chemistry was there. It was so much fun, and the instant gratification from the audience was great. We decided to take the next step and see what we could do. It was just too much fun to pass up."

During breaks in Satriani's touring schedule, the four-piece gathered in Hagar's home to record demos, and ultimately recorded a full-length album at Skywalker Sound.

The band's eponymous debut album, Chickenfoot, was released on June 4, 2009. On its release date, Chickenfoot performed the single "Oh Yeah!" on The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien. Chickenfoot subsequently began touring in Europe and America.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/