Run Time: 100 Minutes

Starring:

Ricky Gervais
Jennifer Garner
Jonah Hill
Louis C.K.
Christopher Guest
Rob Lowe
Tina Fey


PLOT:

The film features a high concept narrative set in an alternate reality in which there is no such thing as lying and everything said is the absolute truth. In this world people continually make very blunt, often cruel statements, and remarks that people in the real world would normally keep to themselves. The concepts of fiction, imagination and speculation do not exist resulting in the movie industry being limited to lecture-style historical readings, television commercials being straightforward and an absence of religion.

Mark Bellison (Ricky Gervais) is an unsuccessful lecture-film writer who is cursed with writing for the 14th century, a "very boring" era to write about. One night he goes out on a date with the beautiful, charming and wealthy Anna McDoogles (Jennifer Garner). She bluntly states to Mark that she is not attracted to him, due to his looks and unsuccessful financial situation, but is going out with him to satisfy her extremely prejudicial mother and as a favour to Mark's friend Greg Kleinschmidt (Louis C.K.). After the date she admits that she had a better time than she thought she would.

The next day Mark is fired from his job due to lack of viewer interest in his films and his landlord evicts him for being short on his $800 rent. Depressed, he goes to the bank to close his account and use his remaining money to move out of his apartment. The teller informs him that the computers are down but, since society is one of full disclosure, she asks Mark how much money he has in his account. Mark has an epiphany and tells the world's first lie, that he has $800 in his account. The computer comes back online and shows his balance is $300 but the teller gives him the full $800 anyway assuming that the computer made a mistake.

Mark tests his discovery of lying through various means such as telling an attractive woman that the world will end unless they have sex (but later backs out by pretending to get a call from NASA), preventing a police officer (Edward Norton in a cameo) from arresting his friend Greg for DUI, getting money from a casino, stopping his neighbour Frank Fawcett (Jonah Hill) from committing suicide, and also helping others. He then writes a fictitious screenplay about the world being invaded by aliens in the 14th century and that the memories of all humans were erased. He becomes wealthy from the success of the film which he named "The Black Plague".

Mark convinces Anna to go out with him again hoping she will see past his looks and weight now that he is financially secure. On their date Anna congratulates Mark for his success and admits that he would be a good husband and father. She is not attracted to him because if they ever have children Mark would contribute half of the heredity to their children, making them "fat with snub noses" and Anna does not want that. Mark then gets a call that his mother had a heart attack and rushes to the hospital. There, the doctor tells him that his mother is going to die. She is terrified of death, believing she will go into an eternity of nothingness. Mark tearfully makes up a comforting story about a joyful afterlife, introducing the concept of Heaven to her, and she dies happy while the doctors and nurses present are awed by what he says.

After the doctors and nurses spread the word Mark soon receives worldwide attention for his supposed new information about death. Under pressure from Anna, and to satisfy their curiosity, he tells them he talks to a "Man In The Sky" who controls everything and promises great rewards in the good place after you die so long as you do no more than three "bad things". Some time later Anna and Mark are hanging out together in a park and Anna asks him if they marry would being rich and famous make their children not fat with snub noses. Mark wants to lie but doesn't because of his feelings for Anna.

Meanwhile Mark's film rival Brad Kessler (Rob Lowe) pursues Anna romantically, motivated by spite because of Mark's success. However Brad's blunt, rude manner makes Anna uncomfortable though she is still pressured by her mother to continue dating him and they become engaged.

Time passes and Anna comes to Mark to invite him to the wedding. Mark tries to convince her to not marry Brad but fails. Anna goes to the park she first went to with Mark and sees a slightly overweight child with an icecream when some thinner boys come and mush his icecream into his shirt. She yells at them and then they run away. She runs up to the boy and wipes asking his name he replies 'Short Fat Brian' to which she tells him: 'you are so much more than just that' and finally realises that looks aren't everything. However she does not end the engagement.

Before the wedding Mark's friend Greg shows up and tells him that he didn't lose her yet and Mark reluctantly attends Anna and Brad's wedding. There, he objects to the marriage, but the officient informs him that only the Man in the Sky can stop the wedding. Brad and Anna both ask Mark to ask the Man in the Sky what Anna should do but Mark refuses to say anything and leaves, wanting Anna to choose for herself. Anna walks out and Mark confesses his ability to lie and that his Man In The Sky was made up. Anna struggles to comprehend the concept and asks why he didn't lie to convince her to marry him; Mark states that it "wouldn't count". Anna confesses that she loves him and the two smile while holding hands.

Some time later Anna and Mark are shown married with a son, who has inherited his father's ability to lie.


