sCr!         
                                          
                       
                   
                              
                 
                      
                             
                              
                 
                               
                                
                                   
                                    
                                                
                                         
                                                  
               It goes AGAiN, AGAiN...          
                                                         
           RSIGuard Stretch Edition v4.0.24f          
            (c) Remedy Interactive               
                                              
       Cracker...: AGAiN 2009                    
              Supplier..: AGAiN 2009                       
           Packager..: AGAiN 2009                               
           Tester....: AGAiN 2009                            
                                                                
                                                                  
                           OS..........: Windows                 
                           Language....: English                   
                             Protection..: Serial                    
                           Size........: 05 x 4.77mb               
                          Date........: 26/11/2009                
                                                         
                                                        
                                                
                                       
                             
                            
                        
                           
                                                 
     R e l e a s e              I n f o       
                                                                
                                                                 
        RSIGuard is an integrated approach to preventing and      
    managing repetitive strain injury (RSI).                 
                                                                
      Its purpose is to:                                        
    -to reduce repetitive computer activity                    
    -to assist you in developing healthy patterns of         
   computer use                                                
    -to help you understand your current patterns.               
                                                                  
                                                             
                                                                
      RSIGuard v4.0 offers:                                     
                                                               
    -Rest break reminders that are timed based on how hard   
   you actually work at the computer, and designed to be       
    as unintrusive as possible                                   
        -Video stretches shown during rest breaks                 
    -Microbreaks give you time to briefly relax, regain      
      awareness of your posture and work patterns, and          
      maintain awareness of how your body feels                 
    -Ergonomic reminder messages keep you aware of how you     
    are working at the computer                              
   -Tracking & reporting of key work statistics helps you      
    understand how you use your computer                         
        -Online health status reporting helps you track the       
    connection between work patterns and discomfort          
      -Online ergonomic training teaches you the basics of      
      healthy computing                                         
    - Hotkeys & keyboard remapping reduce keyboard strain      
    by reducing how many keys you press and relocating       
   hard-to-press keys                                          
    -Automatic clicking eliminates strain associated with        
        mouse clicking, works much better than alternative        
    pointing devices or switching to your other hand         
      -Dynamic work restrictions help you follow a              
      doctor-prescribed reduction in your exposure to           
    computer strain                                            
    -Highly customizable features with an easy-to-use        
   setup-wizard and intelligent default settings               
    -Flexible multi-user and network support lets you            
        easily move from computer to computer, install on         
    servers, intranets, etc.                                 
      -Administrative-control functions for enterprise users    
      -Upgrade path to Remedy Interactive Office Ergonomics     
    Suite                                                      
    -Easy to use                                             
                                                               
                                                                 
                                                                  
                                                             
                                                                
                                                                
                                                               
                                                             
                                                               
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                           
                                                 
                                       
                                              
  I n s t a l l  I n f o                      
                                       
                                                              
      Unzip and unrar release, install it. When asked use       
      our keymaker to generate your registration data.           
                                                             
                                                                
                                                                
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                              
                                                                
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                                
                                                                
                                                              
                                                                 
                                                                
                                                               
                                                       
                               
                                         
                                                   
                                   - G r o u p ! -         
                                                   
                                                                
   There's the phoenix, immortality born with the flames,       
    strength rised from  the ashes, mythical  magnificence    
        resurrected  from  the  sky -  soul  of  the spiritual   
    being, intense excitement, cosmic fire the world began    
      and will end in, death and rebirth regenerated.           
                                                                 
    Things fade. Things  die. He has  been born again,  he   
    lives again. WE LIVE AGAiN. Deathless inspiration.          
                                                                
    team.again@gmail.com                                      
                                                        
                          
                                  
                                      
                                          
                       G r e e t i n g s                        
                                                                
                        SSG - LND - SAC                       
                                                                    
                                                             
         
                                                 
                                         
                 

                                                                        
                                                           
                                                      
                                              
                       sCr/strick9!   
                                   
                                         
                              
                            
                              
                           
                            
                                     
                                              
      Ascii Header                      
  and layout by Scour/SAC 2003.                  
 Ascii footer by Scour and Strick9.                     
                                                              
       AGAiNST THE ODDS!