Hi there...

Well.. Summer is fading fast in the northern hemisphere, and time is drawing towards romancing indoors with your loved one, candles lit, fireplace, hot cocoa, cuddle up in the sofa and such.. And then one needs music! Really romantic music... And what better place to begin than here? Here's something to warm every girl's (and boy's..? :) heart, look no further..
Yes Sir, step right up..

You can start the download from here, just remember to enable DHT and add the trackers:
 
http://tracker.publicbt.com:80/announce
 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce
 
Now: DON'T (double?)-click on the "links" above, that won't work. You must Copy and Paste them into the Advanced-section that appears upon right-click on your, already clicked and downloading, torrent-file. See? It's easy, don't worry.. :-)
Then we'll all find each other again.
I'm also uploading on mini-nova, by the way.. Same user name.. :-) Then you don't have to bother with the Copy/Paste-routine we must use as long as they're boycotting us on TPB. But TPB will always rule the waves! Forever.. Therefore I upload here too. I'm no rat to abandon ship.. :-)

And DON'T trust the Seed/Leech figures on any site. They often are totally wrong. Just hit "download" and the truth will often show itself in your uTorrent or other, that there are MANY peers/leechers, and in time, hopefully, seeders seeding..(!)

And I hate to repeat myself, cause you might consider it whining, but I have to repeat it: "Somebody" is tracking down my listening port and slows down my bandwidth to an extreme low, almost CONSTANTLY. It's a bit frustrating, and I'm actually working nearly day and night to change ports and try to outsmart "them", but it's virtually impossible all the time. So PLEASE HELP ME TO SEED THIS ONCE YOU'VE GOT IT. Please..

If enough of us STOP being just consumers and start sharing, things get a bit better, yeah? Love to you all..

Well, back to the upload: Love is indeed a strange thing, but when you're in it, you know it, even though it might not be easy to describe it; your reasons, feelings and the logic of it all. But it's in there.. And time and actions will tell what's what..

I've thrown together a compilation of 36 songs I feel to be real love songs, one way or the other, and the one thing that they have in common, is a feeling of authenticity. Seems like they're inspired by true events and people, mostly, and then there's a few I'm not so sure about. They're just romantic..

OK, so I admit to being a romantic, hopeful dreamer, but I try to set my dreams into motion.. :-)

The songs are all re-encoded to variable bit rate of high quality, most are very high quality, a few are medium, and they're all normalized to play at the same volume, track after track. They're even fully tagged to behave properly wherever you play them..
Even a little album art i ripped from the net somewhere..

You can pick out the ones you like, or you can fit the whole compilation onto two standard CDs, 18 tracks on each. Or leave it like it is, on your PC or your mp3 player..
Hope you like it.

Best of wishes from Verifire.

verifiremail@gmail.com