At his high school graduation, valedictorian Denis Cooverman states to the entire gymnasium that he's had a crush on cheerleader Beth Cooper for six years. During the speech, he singles out the class bully and a pretty but shallow party girl, and tells his movie-quoting best friend Rich to admit that he's gay. Denis' speech upsets everyone except Beth, who thinks it was "sweet", giving Denis the courage to invite her to a party at his house that night. After the speech, it is revealed that Beth in fact has a boyfriend, an army soldier off-duty named Kevin who threatens Denis.

After his declaration, Denis' mother and father leave him and Rich alone at the house for their party, which no one attends, as they are social outcasts. Beth shows up in her tiny blue car with her friends Cammy and Treece (the group of three is known as "The Trinity") at Denis' house that evening. Kevin shows up with his army buddies, and Denis and Rich are assaulted. Beth and the Trinity help Denis and Rich get away.

Beth is meant to be a dream girl, but has glaring imperfections that shatter Denis' fantasy. A turning point in the plot comes right after the group gets away from Denis’ house. Denis and Beth go into a liquor store to buy beer, but the clerk refuses to sell the beer. Beth offers to "touch his dick" in exchange for the beer, which she does. Denis is disillusioned by her actions.

They then travel out to Old Tobacco Road where Denis and Beth drink and converse about their roles in high school and why exactly Denis fell for Beth, eventually being that she was pretty and he always sat behind her. Cammy, Treece, and Rich try to tip over a cow but fail miserably. The girls then proceed to tell a scary story to get the boys entranced then floor it. They eventually crash into Denis' parents car where his parents were having sex.

The group then heads to Valli Wooly's (the shallow rich party girl) party. Denis, feeling uninvited does not accompany the Trinity into the party but decides to enter in anyway later. After some mishaps involving meeting getting macked on by a fat girl, meeting the ugly girl he once made out with, he is confronted by Kevin. Kevin and his gang then proceed to beat Denis up in front of the entire party in the most humiliating fashion, pounding him to the beat of the song playing. Beth then crashes Kevin's Humvee into the house itself and the group escapes.

The group heads back to the high school where Beth, Cammy, and Treece show off their cheer leading act. After the act, the girls head to the showers and Rich and Denis follow. Rich immediately proceeds to enter in the showers with the girls but as Denis is taking off his pants, he is confronted by Kevin. Rich and Denis fight off Kevin for a bit with their skill of using wet towels, which they practiced after a brutal beating Rich had in freshman year. The group escapes in Beth's original car which Kevin used to drive down to the high school from the party. After escaping, Beth reveals to Denis that she only came to his party because it would be "funny", leaving Denis disappointed. Denis gets a nose bleed and Treece, as a joke, gives him tampons to stick up his nostrils to stop the bleeding. Next, Beth tells Denis his shirt smells and forces him to take it off. Beth takes his shirt and holds it out the window to "air it off"; the shirt then flies out the window. They stop the car and Denis, in his underwear, goes to find his shirt, which he finds in a puddle of mud being eaten by a pair of raccoons. Denis gives up his attempt at retrieval and returns to the car in only his "lucky" (meaning holey) underwear. Beth lends him a poncho.

The gang arrives at Treece's father's cabin where they all share a drink. Beth goes out with Denis for a smoke and to watch the moon. They talk about their futures and the fact that Beth has resigned the fact that her life after this is not going to get much better but that Denis has so many opportunities available to him. Back at the cabin Cammy and Treece imply that Rich is gay. He continues to deny he is. So they decided to test him. Cammy grabs a condom and she and Treece take Rich into the back room to have sex, where it's revealed that he isn't gay and they all share what they plan to do once the summer's over realizing they are going to be in the same dorm with similar majors. Though seems that it was mostly Cammy and Treece having sex with Rich just being a bystander. As the sun rises, Beth and Denis talk about their plans after summer, and then share a kiss. They attempt to have sex but stop once Beth finds a hole in Denis' underpants. Before Denis can try something again Kevin arrives. The girls inside the cabin throw stuffed animals at Kevin's group to allow Rich to sneak up with a fake shotgun. At first it seems to work until Rich accidentally reveals the shotgun is fake. Kevin then takes out Denis to the middle of the lake where he is planning on dumping him there. Kevin starts making comments on how Beth Cooper being a slut which angers Denis, who hits him into the water with an oar. Denis then saves Kevin and brings him to shore reviving him with CPR. Kevin then proceeds to attack him again when the cops arrive. The cops send Kevin's group to jail and drop everyone else off at their respective homes. On the way home, Rich reveals that he thinks he might be gay.

Beth and Denis share a moment where Denis promises to marry Beth if she isn't fat at their 10 year reunion. In the conclusion, Denis grew seven inches in the summer and gained 40 pounds. Rich tried being gay and didn't much like being homosexual either and is waiting for the next thing. Beth and Denis see each other a week before he intends to go off to school.
