I always preferred a full figured heroine and is somewhat hard these days to find those books.  Here's the first of a series of rubenesque torrents.  So you don't have to live the same as me trying to search for all these books.  

Here's the list of rubenesque ebooks that I have in this torrent;

Andre, Bella: Authors in Ecstasy, Candy Store, Christmas Cuffs, Shooting Star, Take Me, Tempt Me Taste Me Touch Me.  (Take me is the BBW themed, but all of her books are so good!)

Eloisa James - Pleasure for pleasure

Marilyn Lee - Fantasy Knights, Tempting Neal, The Fall of Troy, Full Body Charmer (sequel of the fall of troy), Trina's Afternoon Delight

N. J. Walters - Unsmaking Kelly

Colette Howard - His Black Pearl

Leila Brown - Pleasuring a Pirate

Cameron Dane - The Ultimate Kink

Kori Roberts - Love on the Run

Louisa Trent - Bring It

Rena Marks - Shared by Wolves

Tuesday Morrigan - (A Christmas Cookie) Frostbite, Fantasy Man, Sugar Mama, Blue Jeans

Melinda Barron - (Tales of the magician, book one) The Captive One

Vivian Arend - Wolf Signs

Cris Anson - (last installment of Dance of the seven veils series)Dance of the rogue

Camille Anthony Ebook Collection

Regina Carlysle - Lone Star Lycan

Titania Ladley - Aurora's Triangle

Daisy Dexter Dobbs - Absolutely Not!

Cynthia Raine - Bedrooms and Broomsticks

Madison Hayes - Calendar Girls - Miss May

Koko Brown - Charmed

Dakota Cassidy - Chunky Butt Funky

Terri Pray - Courvaceous Heart

Nia K. Foxx - Gargoyle's Challenge

Flesa Black - Masquerade

Tuesday Morrigan - Wicked Intentions

Madison Hayes - Calendar Girls - Miss September

Ciarra Sims - Possession, Obsession

Anne Douglas - Red Skirt Cool Fountain

Camille Anthony - Runaway Home

Cher Gorman - Sherriff in ther stocking

Barbara Sheridan & Anne Cain - Silver Moon

Melinda Barron - Sweet Vibrations

Camille Anthony - The Christmas Bunny

Lena Matthews - When Angels Fall

Sandy Lynn - Kiss and Tell

Zena Wynn - True Mates

Lia Connor - Full Moon Heat

Celia Kyle - Yeti! Were? & Not Yeti

Daisy Dexter Dobbs - Wicked Payback (one of the most bizarre reads in bbw romance)

AnnMarie McKenna - Blackmailed

Tayla Bosco - Kansas City Shuffle

Liz Andrews - Wounded Hearts

Melinda Barron - Graceful Submission, Graceful Mischief, Undercover Submission (in that order)

Jennifer Cole - Pursuing Zarah

The wild wild mess: Atlanta

Shelly Laurenston - Distressing Damsel

Tuesday Morrigan - Monstrous Kink

Robin L. Rotham - Alien Overnight

Camille Anthony - (Agency of Extraordinary Mates or AOEM for short, excellent series it has all for all tastes)Dinner For Three

Anne DouglasTea for Three

Solange Ayre - One Thousand Brides

Kit Tunstall - Wrong Groom

Lacey Thorn - Merciful Angel

Melissa Schroeder - Quick Shoppe Book 1 Tempting Prudence

Mechele Armstrong - Another Night, Another Dream

Maggie Casper - Santa in spurs

Ann Vremont - Reluctant Muse

Anthology Big Spankable Asses - Angie Daniels, Kimberly Kaye Terry & Lisa G. Riley 

Marilyn Lee - Nice Girls do

Ann Leod - Naughty Nuptials - Lucky Number Seven

Camille Anthony - Sideway Glance

Laura Guevara - Weekend Chase

Marilyn Lee - Teacher's Pet

***Bonus eBooks:

Karen Chance - Cassandra Palmer Series books 1 to 4 and Midnight Daughter

Eden Rivers - Blazing Pentacle

Regina Carlysle - Ringo's Ride

Evangeline Anderson - Defiled

Keri Thomas - Temptation Unleashed

Christine Feehan - Dark Curse, Dark Slayer

C. L. Wilson - Tairen Soul Series Book 1 to 3 (Fourth book will be out in Oct. 27 and fifth in 2010, Fantastic Epic serie!)

J. R. Ward - Black Dagger Brotherhood Series Book 1 to 7

Some ebooks are repeated because there's different formats, most of them are in lit format, so activate your microsoft reader if you can. 

Thanks for all of the members in demonoid and my contacts (via email) that helped me find most of the ebooks I lost when my hard drive fried.

The bonus ebooks are the most common requests that I receive by email.

Hope you enjoy this rubenesque torrent and remember to seed.  I'll seed for at least a year.

Will do a second rubenesque torrent when I have more bbw ebooks.  

Any ebook request, please email me at ladyambar@yahoo.com or contact me at my space ID is: ladyambar_pr		