Cast: Devon Lee, Francesca Le, Sienna West, Diamond Foxxx, Toni Ribas, Dyanna Lauren, Mick Blue, Manuel Ferrara, David Perry
"Mothers I'd Like to Fuck' - are on the mind (and cock) of superstar director/performer Manuel Ferrara, who dives headlong into porn's cougar cage with the deluxe double-disc 30 Sluts. Manuel's aptitude with a camera is well known and his prowess as a fucker is legendary; his underrated penchant for creating sexy scenarios may get its own due with the five sprawling scenes here. In each, Manuel and accomplices explore a different facet to the attraction of experienced, insatiable sluts. Perhaps the movie's most powerful scene features 1990s porn favorite Dyanna Lauren's meeting with a fan who loved jacking off to her scenes in his youth. Of course the besotted fan is Manuel himself; his genuine reverence for the object of his adolescent lust is as palpable as Dyanna?s desperate need for the attentions (and cock) of the younger stud. Intense slapping, hair-pulling, choking and Dyanna's squirting ejaculation testify to the real, almost feral quality of this fantasy-cum-true. In a scene that delves into cuckold themes, hot, curvaceous Devon Lee plays a slut wife whose dominant-but-twisted husband (David Perry) gets off on watching her ample ass ravaged by strange cocks (Mick Blue?s and Toni Ribas' in this case). Devon enjoys all three in all holes. Brassy platinum blonde Diamond Foxxx portrays a lady who gets her jollies fucking strangers, particularly paid gigolos. Her pussy visibly creams riding the dick of hired gun Ribas. In a fetching plaid schoolgirl skirt, Sienna West plays a 32-year-old who thinks she's 19. Manuel's mission is to fuck the teasing "teen" back to reality; traditional age roles and Sienna get dirty workouts. Francesca Le, another '90s porn babe who's graduated to divine MILF status, enjoys a rough, blistering double-penetration (from Perry and Blue) replete with choking, deep-throating and gag spit. The scene highlights exhibitionism, voyeurism and Ms. Le's verbal taunting, till her dirty mouth is washed out with ribbons of semen that the satisfied lady lovingly swallows. Whether they're on his cock or just in his viewfinder, Manuel's affinity for the MILFs shows in every scene of 30 Sluts
