torrent reripped to mp3 vbr scene standards --v2-vbr-new with artwork included.

enjoy!

* fast direct download link @ rghost.net/955073

                                                ▓             ▓
                                                █▓           ▓█
                   ███████░                     ███         ███
                  ██████████░        ░████▓     ████       ▓███
                 ███▓░    ███       ▓███████░   █████     ▓████
                 ███░       █░     ▓███░░░███░  ▒████▓   ▓█████
                 ████░       ▓    ░███░   ░███░ ▒█████▒ ▓██████
                  ███████░       ░███░     ▓██▓░▒██████▓███████
                ▓   ████████░    ███▓       ███░▒███▓█████▓████
               ░█░     ███████  ░██▓        ▓██▓▒███▓░███░▓████
               ░██░      ░████░░███▓        ▓███▒███▓ ░█░ ░████
               ░███▓      ░████░███▓       ▓████▒███░  ░  ▓████
                ░███▓    ░█████░▓███▓     ▓█████▒███░     ░▒███
                ░█████▓▓▓██████░▓█████▓▓▓██████░▒███░     ░████
                 ░████████████▓ ░▓█████████████░ ███░     ░████
                  ▓▓█████████▓   ░████████████▓   ██░     ░▒███
                    ▓▓█████▓▓     ░██████████▓     █      ░▒███
                      ░░░░░        ░▓██████▓░             ░▒███
                                    ░░░░░░░                ▒███
                                                           ▒██▒
                                                            ██▒
                                                             █▒
                     Shelter Of Music proudly presents...     ▒




Artist  : Fireflight
Album   : For Those Who Wait

Label   : Flicker Records
Genre   : Rock
Store   : 2010-02-09
Rip Date: 2010-02-08
Encoder : LAME
Quality : 195kbps / 44100 Hz Stereo
Website : http://www.djsforfun.com


- R E L E A S E   N O T E S -

djsforfun.com

For your consideration: Fireflight û Artist of the Year. Imagine. Thanks to
GMAÆs 2009 Dove Award nomination, thousands of people did. And, frankly, many
liked the way it sounded. So what if Fireflight was a modern rock act nominated
alongside six of Christian musicÆs biggest giants? The future had arrived. Now,
with the release of the bandÆs double-taker of an album, For Those Who Wait,
itÆs time for everyone else to catch up.

Granted, the past few years have been a whirlwind. Back when the Floridians
launched their Flicker Records debut, The Healing of Harms, in 2006, the
versatile quintet rocked two No. 1 radio singles, toured relentlessly, and, best
of all, discovered a growing fanbase that reciprocated the bandÆs passion. Next
up, FireflightÆs 2008 sophomore album, Unbreakable. Before the record released,
NBC repeatedly used its title track, the lead single, for prime time television
promos. The fuse had been lit. As operation Google ôUnbreakableö began, the
album debuted at No. 10 on BillboardÆs Heatseekers chart. One domino tipped
another. Fireflight won Taco BellÆs fan-voted ôBest of the Beatö contest and
then performed at ESPNÆs ôWinter X Games 13.ö As Fireflight logged additional
audio exposure on ABC, E! EntertainmentÆs ôStyle Network,Æ and even SyFy,
Christian rock and pop radio fanned its own flames, sending three more
Fireflight singles û ôUnbreakable,ö ôThe Hungerö and ôStand Upö û to No. 1.
Before the smoke cleared, the ôUnbreakableö music video logged more than a
million plays onand the song itself had been confirmed as a future
download for the wildly popular Rock BandÖ video game.

The table has been set for the highly-anticipated third project, For Those Who
Wait. With its stunning new 10-song collection, Fireflight exceeds expectations.
As drummer Phee Shorb puts it, ôFor Those Who Wait sounds as good as IÆve always
hoped we could sound.ö

Front and center? One Dawn Michele. With all due respect to exceptional peers
such as Paramore and Evanescence, not all female lead singers are created equal.
Armed with an arresting voice thatÆs drawn comparisons to Joan Jett and The
PretendersÆ Chrissy Hynde, Dawn actually makes authoritative gut-rock sound
beautiful. And her bandmates? With her every step of the way and, at times,
elevating the proceedings. From the moment FireflightÆs new album hits speakers,
one thingÆs for sure: This is 2010.

While some might speculate the band had a huge recording budget or tapped the
talents of an iconic mainstream producer, Fireflight guitarist/support vocalist
Justin Cox explains the recordÆs fuller, more muscular sound is the result of
taking a different approach and different equipment into the studio. When the
rock quintet û which also features Fireflight founder/guitarist Glenn Drennen
and bassist Wendy Drennen (his wife) û reunited with Rob Hawkins (Jackson
Waters, Rush of Fools), who also helmed Unbreakable, Justin told the producer he
ôwanted this album to be way heavier and way bigger.ö For much of the recording,
Fireflight also switched to high end solid body electric guitars that yield
richer tones, and û much to the bandÆs credit û a superior amplifier known for
unforgiving clarity if you make mistakes. ôThe results were phenomenal,ö says
Justin with a satisfied smile. ôIt wasnÆt about being as heavy as we could be,
it was more about impact and dynamics. Because the soft parts, you just need
those to sit back. We wanted this album to sound more epic, to sound like a
journey from start to finish.ö

An epic journey? In more ways than one. In fact, FireflightÆs first three albums
have been a thematic travelogue of sorts. While the bandÆs debut emphasized
resiliency amidst hardship, Unbreakable focused on emerging victorious beyond
such difficulty. And For Those Who Wait? ôThis album is a maturation in
understanding that sometimes you donÆt appreciate why youÆre on the path that
youÆre are,ö Dawn explains. ôA lot of times, we get bogged down thinking about
things that weÆre waiting for. As soon as I get my bills paid, then things are
going to be great. As soon as my family memberÆs not sick anymore, then things
are going to be a lot better. And when we do that, we totally miss out on whatÆs
happening in-between now and our goal. God has times of waiting in our lives
because He has something for us to learn. Hard things that happen, that throw us
off of our plan, become the most important things in our lives because God will
take them and use them to shape our character and who we are.ö

This insight not only drives the albumÆs dynamic title track û a defiant rocker
which shatters the ôUnbreakableö mold û it frames the entire record. ôThis album
is filled with even more personal stories of our own, our familiesÆ, friendsÆ,
and our fansÆ,ö relates Dawn, who, along with Justin, writes the bandÆs lyrics.
ôItÆs our lives, our hearts, and our pain just poured out. We worked to take the
things that we struggled through and faced to leave a trail of bread crumbs, in
hopes that other people would be able to see what we went through and find hope
in that.ö

With this in mind, Fireflight renders lead single, ôDesperate.ö Performed with
hard-rocking urgency and emotion, the song takes you to the end of the rope and
literally demands the only hope there is. For Those Who Wait unveils the bandÆs
thickest groove yet with the song, ôFire in My Eyes.ö The instant its steroidic
guitars kick in, the operative word is big. And just when you think itÆs reached
its height, DawnÆs soaring chorus shows you how exquisite powerful vocals can
actually be.

Even as Fireflight stakes its most authoritative claim in high-decibel rock, the
multifaceted act also renders two masterful piano-based ballads. When Dawn
assures us of GodÆs personal and intervening nature in the strings-enriched
ôName,ö itÆs immediately evident her emotive vocals are equally poignant in an
intimate musical framework. Its counterpart, ôRecovery Begins,ö is an artful
vibefest as the band gently invites the Still Small Voice to speak forth.

At a time when countless Americans are struggling with feelings of inadequacy in
todayÆs fragile job market, Fireflight offers the ascending rock track ôAll I
Need to Beö as a prayerful reminder of where a believerÆs identity should truly
reside. As Dawn explains, many people of faith experience recurring anxiety as
they seek GodÆs will for their lives. Instead of seeing their calling to the
Christian life as being definitive, believers often obsess over vocation as a
potential calling. Says Dawn, ôI went through a time when I was seeking God
intensely, asking, æWhat is the path YouÆd have for me? Where should I go?Æ And
I felt like He said to me, æMy path covers the whole world, and I walk in love.Æ
I felt like what He was saying to me was that as long as I am walking in love
and listening for His leading, it doesnÆt matter where I go or what I do, that I
will have fulfilled His purposes.ö

Even as Fireflight wrote the songs for For Those Who Wait, Dawn, who tragically
lost a brother during her youth, saw another û Hunter û diagnosed with brain
cancer and have to have surgery. ôIt really was like reliving your worst
nightmare, having it come true again,ö she says. ôI just cried out to God, æIf
we lose him, what will we do? It will destroy my family, because weÆve only
barely recovered from the first time.Æ And God really impressed upon me that all
great people have gone through impossible circumstances. But itÆs those things
that have defined their character and made them who they are now. That helped me
to have faith and to have strength to make it through that whole situation, and
now HunterÆs doing wonderfully.ö Dawn echoes this insight as she sings, ôIÆm not
what I have done / IÆm what IÆve overcome,ö in the moody yet explosive modern
rock standout, ôWhat IÆve Overcome.ö

ôWe pray earnestly that God will give us good songs that will be able to help
people,ö she says. ôAnd HeÆs come through for us, especially in our weakest
moments. ThatÆs when weÆve really gotten the best stuff.ö This awareness of
GodÆs magnificence amidst personal weakness is a defining trait for Fireflight.
It not only frames the bandÆs songwriting, it empowers FireflightÆs rejection of
ôrock starö entitlement and enables genuine relationships between the group and
countless fans. ôWe work collectively as a band to answer every MySpace and
ShoutLife question we get,ö says the lead singer. ôWe believe first and foremost
the Christian faith is relational. We try to show people GodÆs love, and you
just canÆt do that unless you care about them.ö This manifests itself most
directly as the band proactively interacts and prays with fans who ôneed to
talkö after concerts.

In the most urgent cases, Fireflight connects its fans with ministry partners
such as To Write Love on Her Arms, which helps individuals struggling with self
injury, depression and addiction, and Dawson McAllisterÆs HopeLine, which gives
life guidance to teenagers and young adults. In fact, in a highly unusual move
for a band, Fireflight recently took a hope coach from Dawson McAllisterÆs team
out on tour for its fansÆ benefit.

Beyond immediate relational needs, Fireflight also flexes its muscle in
far-reaching compassion and justice efforts. Explains Dawn, ôWeÆre passionate
about helping people both in America and in developing countries, where just a
little can do so much. Jesus was extremely interested in the orphans, and the
poor, and the widows. That was such a big part of what He did and what He
emphasized to Christians, what they needed to be doing. As a result,
FireflightÆs work includes a focused partnership with The Legacy of Hope
International, a ministry committed to serving the most immediate needs of
CambodiaÆs poorest children.

This active commitment to compassion and justice also serves as a signpost for
fans as FireflightÆs music encourages them to move beyond their personal
struggles and reach out to a world eager to know healing in the waiting. Yes,
learn while you wait, but love others in the process. This is the message
Fireflight proclaims loud and true, whether appearing with Franklin Graham at an
outreach event, singing on national television, or rocking for thousands on
2010Æs ôWinter Jam Tour Spectacular.ö ThatÆs because, when you get down to it,
if itÆs for those who wait, itÆs for everyone.

scene --v2-vbr-new mp3 rip from m4a rlsed in demonoid with artwork included.

enjoy!

[/TGB]


- T R A C K  L I S T -

[01] For Those Who Wait                                         [ 4:06]
[02] Desperate                                                  [ 2:54]
[03] Fire In My Eyes                                            [ 2:58]
[04] Core Of My Addiction                                       [ 3:13]
[05] What I've Overcome                                         [ 3:06]
[06] Name                                                       [ 3:48]
[07] New Perspective                                            [ 3:18]
[08] You Give Me That Feeling                                   [ 3:23]
[09] All I Need To Be                                           [ 3:35]
[10] Recovery Begins                                            [ 4:52]

Total: 35:13 Min.
Size : 51.97  MB


- C O N T A C T -

contact@djsforfun.com


- G R E E T S -

Big thanks to CHR, XXL, OMNi, WHOA & TN!!!

Thanks to all the g00d groups that supports the scene correctly since
its beginings back in '96, in special SC, FNT, MOD, SiRE, VAG & MTD!

Rest in peace:

RNS - Rabid Neurosis
EGO - "EGO"
aPC - Apocalipse Production Crew
REV - Revolution
KSi - Kludge Sound Inc.
ESC - Escape
TN - Trance Nation
1REAL - Unreal

& MistahWax :P


