Rush - A Show of Hands


AMG's Bret Adams comments:
Rush's 90-minute concert video A Show of Hands is arguably better than predecessors Exit Stage Left and Grace Under Pressure Tour. The song selection is similar to the identically named live album, but the video was filmed at the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham, England, in 1988 on the Hold Your Fire tour whereas only about half of the album performances were recorded there. A Show of Hands, directed by Larry Jordan, is notable for featuring mostly newer, mid-'80s songs, although old hits like "Closer to the Heart", "The Spirit of Radio", and "Tom Sawyer" are obligatory choices. Rush's extensive use of rear-screen animation and film footage on stage is edited nicely with the performances of vocalist/bassist Geddy Lee, guitarist Alex Lifeson, and drummer Neil Peart. The main highlights are "Marathon", "Turn the Page", "Manhattan Project" and "Force Ten". Peart's astonishing drum solo on "The Rhythm Method" is improperly titled because it actually begins with the band performing the instrumental "YYZ". The encore medley of "2112"/"La Villa Strangiato"/"In the Mood" is a lot of fun, right down to the on-screen "warning" about the censored offensive and subversive remarks Lifeson supposedly mumbles into his microphone. It was just playful gibberish, but Rush is usually viewed as a serious band with no sense of humor. Some fans took the warning seriously and still asked Rush about it years later. People should remember that Lee sang on the Bob and Doug McKenzie novelty hit "Take Off" and Rush takes the stage to the Three Stooges theme!

The setlist:
01. Intro / The Big Money
02. Marathon
03. Turn the Page
04. Prime Mover
05. Manhattan Project
06. Closer to the Heart
07. Red Sector "A"
08. Closer to the Heart
09. Force Ten
10. Mission
11. Territorries / YYZ
12. The Rhythm Method (Drum Solo)
13. The Spirit of Radio
14. Tom Sawyer
15. Medley:
    2112
    The Temples of Syrinx
    La Villa Strangiato
    In the Mood

The players:
Geddy Lee - bass guitar, synthesizers, vocals
Alex Lifeson - guitars, synthesizers, backing vocals
Neil Peart - acoustic and electronic percussion

Filmed at the National Exhibition Centre, Birmingham, England, in April 1988, towards the end of their extensive Hold Your Fire tour.
Directed by Larry Jordan.
Released on VHS and Laserdisc in 1989, and on DVD in May 2007.
Label: Anthem/Mercury Records.
Genre: Progressive Rock.


Format: NTSC, DVD5.
Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (4:3).
Audio tracks: Stereo LPCM, Dolby 5.1, DTS.
Subtitles: none.
Extras: none.
Ripped with DVD Decrypter, no compression.
Includes full artwork.

Be fair & share!