Movies : Drama : DVD Rip : English
 



The Ten Commandments (1923)

 

Directed by Cecil B. DeMille 


Cast:
Theodore Roberts ... Moses, the Lawgiver (prologue) 
Charles de Rochefort ... Rameses, the Magnificent (prologue) (as Charles De Roche) 
Estelle Taylor ... Miriam, the Sister of Moses (prologue) 
Julia Faye ... The Wife of Pharaoh (prologue) 
Pat Moore ... The Son of Pharaoh - prologue (as Terrence Moore) 
James Neill ... Aaron, Brother of Moses (prologue) 
Lawson Butt ... Dathan, The Discontented (prologue) 
Clarence Burton ... The Taskmaster (prologue) 
Noble Johnson ... The Bronze Man (prologue) 
Edythe Chapman ... Mrs. Martha McTavish 
Richard Dix ... John McTavish, her son 
Rod La Rocque ... Dan McTavish, her son 
Leatrice Joy ... Mary Leigh 
Nita Naldi ... Sally Lung, a Eurasian 
Robert Edeson ... Redding, an Inspector 
Charles Ogle ... The Doctor 
Agnes Ayres ... The Outcast 
Genevieve Belasco ... (uncredited) 
Wilson Benge ... Butler (uncredited) 
Gino Corrado ... Israelite Slave (uncredited) 
Dorothy Dale ... Egyptian Girl (uncredited) 
Cecilia de Mille ... Extra (uncredited) 
Louise Emmons ... Elderly Israelite (uncredited) 
Charles Farrell ... Israelite Slave (uncredited) 
Viscount Glerawly ... Extra (uncredited) 
Rex Ingram ... Israelite Slave (uncredited) 
Roscoe Karns ... The Boy in the Rain (uncredited) 
Jack Montgomery ... Egyptian cavalryman (uncredited) 
Kathleen O'Shee ... Israelite Maiden (uncredited) 
Jack Padjan ... Pharoah's horseman (uncredited) 
Eugene Pallette ... Israelite Slave (uncredited) 
Jack Richardson ... Israelite Slave (uncredited) 
Mabel Richardson ... Israelite Woman (uncredited) 
Robert St. Angelo ... Extra (uncredited) 

 

 

 


TRIVIA:

Remade as The Ten Commandments (1956), again by Cecil B. DeMille.


The effect of the parting of the Red Sea was created by placing two blocks of blue gelatin side-by-side, heating them until they melted...then running the footage in reverse.


The Egyptian set seen in the prologue was, in reality, an enormous construction, and was actually considerably larger than the Babylon sets in D.W. Griffith's Intolerance: Love's Struggle Throughout the Ages (1916), to which they are often compared.


Most of the chariot crashes in the prologue were real and unplanned.


During one day of the filming of the Exodus scenes, about sixty bit players were injured in chariot crashes. Most went right back to work after getting bandaged up.





Enjoy and Seed!!