"FRUITY LOOPS"


FL Studio is the most complete virtual studio currently available. It will play any sample file (wav), generator (softsynth), VSTi & DXi) or midi instrument you feed it.
Introducing FL Studio 9

FL Studio 9 is a complete software music production environment, representing the culmination of more than 10 years of sustained & focused development. FL9 is the fastest way from your brain to your speakers.

What is FL9?

FL Studio is a full-featured, open architecture, music production environment capable of audio recording, composing, sequencing and mixing, for the creation of professional quality music. The FL Studio philosophy is creative freedom:


Free your audio - Route any instrument to any mixer track. Each mixer track can receive audio from any number of instruments, any number of other mixer tracks and a soundcard input. Mixer tracks, in turn, can send audio to any number of other mixer tracks and a soundcard output. Create sub-mixes, effects chains or complex mixes. FL studioÆs flexible architecture sets audio free.


Free your mind - Choose your preferred workflow, compose using the step-sequencer or piano roll. Create in pattern or track mode, then arrange your ideas in the free æpaletteÆ Playlist. The Playlist presents timeline as a virtual  æcanvasÆ where each Playlist track can simultaneously hold any number of score, audio and automation events. Now thatÆs freedom.

Instruments


Make virtually any sound - FL9 includes over 30 software synthesizers covering acoustic/synthetic bass, electric guitar, multi-sampler tools including piano & strings, general sample playback and beat-slicing (With Rex 1 & 2 support).


Synthesis techniques - span subtractive, modelling, FM, RM, granular and additive. With the addition of FL SynthMaker you can further create & share your own FL instruments, effects & MIDI control dashboards without the need to write basic code.
    

Open plugin standards - FL Studio supports all PC industry plugin instrument standards including VSTi (1/2), DXi(1/2), Buzz and Rewire. This means you can sequence with your favorite plugins and applications. 

Audio Recording & Editing


Multi-channel audio inputs - With the ability to simultaneously capture all the inputs on your audio-interface, FL Studio has the flexibility to record a single vocalist, guitar or a full symphony orchestra.


Arranging audio - Audio can be arranged, with complete freedom in the Playlist. Features include the ability to host an unlimited number of audio recordings, time-stretching, pitch-shifting, beat-slicing, cropping, editing and the re-arranging of audio with only a few mouse clicks. 


Edison - FL9Æs audio capabilities are further enhanced with Edison, the recording wave editor. Edison is an integrated audio editing and recording tool with spectral analysis, convolution reverb, noise reduction, loop-recording, loop-construction tools and more.

FL Studio supports WAV, MP3, OGG, WavPack, AIFF, and REX audio formats.

Sequencing

Compose and record your musical performances and ideas in the most logical way.


Pattern or track sequencing - You choose, record your musical performances and ideas in the most logical way. FL Studio 9 can simultaneously function as a pattern and track based sequencer. Reuse patterns as Pattern Clips in the Playlist or record song-length sequences, as desired.
 

Step sequencer or Piano roll - Scoring tools include FL StudioÆs legendary Step-sequencer, one of the most advanced Piano rollÆs in any software studio, event and multipoint automation envelopes. FL Studio supports MIDI input, standard controller compatibility, and the ability to simultaneously control multiple instrument channels from separate controllers.

Arranging

FL Studio allows you to do what you want where and when you want.


Determine your own project design - In FL Studio 9, you decide how your project will be laid out. Unlike the competition, FL9's Playlist is a totally flexible and virtually unbounded workspace where Note Pattern, Audio and Automation data can be arranged and edited to suit your creative ideas and preferred workflow.

Mixing & Mastering

FL Studio provides all the tools you need to produce your tracks to high professional standards.


The mixer - FL9 includes a superb 104 track stereo track mixer that is about precision, control and flexibility. The mixerÆs tracks each hold up to 8 effects (VST, DX or FL's proprietary format). To create sub-mixes or mixing chains of almost unlimited complexity, each mixer track can be routed to any other mixer track, one of 4 dedicated 'send' channels and or the Master track.  Sends provide the ability to sidechain inputs to multi-input effects plugins. Finally, each of the mixer tracks can be routed to any output on your audio interface, now thatÆs flexibility.


Effects - What about effects? FL Studio includes more than 40 effects spanning maximization, limiting, compression, delay, distortion, equalization (graphic & parametric), filtering, phasing, flanging, chorus, vocoding and reverb. These have you covered for the creative broad-brush effects, through to the minutia of the mastering process.
    

Open plugin standards ? FL Studio supports all PC industry plugin effect standards including VST (1/2), DX(1/2), Buzz and Rewire. This means you can mix with your favorite plugins and applications. 

Lifetime free updates

There may be no such thing as a æfree lunchÆ but there certainly is ælifetime free updatesÆ with Image LineÆs update policy.


Never pay for bug-fixes again! - Customers who purchase a download edition of FL Studio through our online shop receive lifetime free downloadable updates. Free updates entitles the customer to all future updates of FL Studio according to level purchased (Express, Fruity, Producer or Signature Bundle). For example, all FL Studio 9 customers will be able to download their version of FL Studio 10, 11 etc, for free.


Boxed Edition - Customers who have the Boxed version donÆt miss out and can convert to lifetime free downloadable updates for a small additional fee.

Key new features and changes

Over 370 additions, changes & bugfixes featuring:


FL Studio

Sidechaining - The FL Studio Mixer 'Track Send' now has an additional 'Sidechain' mode to
   support multiple-input mixer plugins.
  
Multi-core CPU (Hyperthreading) - Improved multithreaded generator & added multithreaded
   effects processing. 
    
Multiple controllers - Can now control multiple independent instrument channels,
   assigned by MIDI number.
    
New volatile linking feature. 
    
Wrapper - Aligned tick lengths checkbox for greater plugin compatibility.
    

Revised Playlist

Playlist track naming & icon - Tools for better song organization. 
      
Playlist track mute controls.


  

Piano roll

Riff machine - Automatic sequence generator tool. 
    
Note Grouping - New feature (works on selecting, moving, resizing,
   deletion, muting, shifting using mouse-wheel).


Mixer

More tracks - Now has 99 Insert tracks (up from 64).
Multi-core CPU support - Added 'multithreaded mixer' tracks processing for
   improved multi-core performance


New Plugins
 

Autogun (free) - Sonic adventure, Based on Ogun.
 

   

Sakura (demo)- String physical modelling instrument
 


Ogun (demo)- Additive metal simulation synthesizer  
 

Gross Beat (demo) - Real-time, audio-stream playback, pitch,
                             position and volume manipulation effect 
 

    

Stereo Shaper (free) - Mid / Side stereo processing

    

Vocodex - The last word in vocoders (free with Producer Edition).

    

Revised Plugins

SimSynth Live, DrumSynth Live, DX-10, WASP and WASP XT are
   now included in FL Studio (Fruity edition upwards).
Fruity Reeverb 2 - Added Mid vs Side input signal processing.
Fruity Wrapper - Now supports multiple inputs/outputs (free).
Wavecandy - Visualization & analysis tools (free).
Fruity Limiter - Compressor section now has sidechaining (free).


Browser

Presets - Drop effect presets onto mixer tracks & channels, mixer track presets
                  onto effect slots and channels, channel & generator presets onto mixer
                  tracks & effect slots.
Windows file shell menu - Available from Browser (right-click) item menu.

See our æHistoryÆ page for the full list.

Demo Limitations

All FL Studio demo versions are fully featured, giving you access to features associated with the highest level of the program (Producer Edition). Compose new songs and export them to WAV, MP3 or OGG. The only limitation is that projects saved in demo mode will only open fully once FL Studio and plugins have been registered. This gives you the ability to save recover your original projects post-purchase.

Supported Formats

FL9 will fit easily within your current software supporting VST/VSTi/VST2, DXi, DXi2, MP3, WAV, OGG, MIDI, ASIO, ASIO 2, REWIRE, REX 1 & 2.

Additionally supported through DirectWave Editor: AKAI AKP (S5/6K,Z4,Z8), Battery (version 1), MPC, Reason, Kurzweil, EXS24, Kontakt (version 1 & 2), Recycle, SFZ+ and SoundFont2.


FL Studio System Requirements
 
Minimum System Requirements


2Ghz AMD or Intel Pentium 3 compatible CPU with full SSE1 support

(or) Intel Mac with Bootcamp (running XP or Vista)

Windows 7, Vista, XP & 2000 (32 & 64 bit)

512MB ram

500MB free harddisk space

Windows-compatible soundcard with DirectSound drivers. ASIO drivers are required for audio recording (FL installer comes with generic Asio4All drivers)


scanned at Virus-Total and it's all clean