Hi there..

As I promised, I now put up this excellent movie subtitled in English, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish and Finnish, as DVD-ISO, which means you can just (double?) -click on the finished file, and it'll mount and burn in any program you've got assigned for this on your computer. Which in turn makes it easier to watch it in the living-room with your family, or in an auditorium or church + you can just leave the file there, seeding, for others to borrow, just like in the library.. :-) Personally I rank this movie as a probable number two favorite in this series, only Gospel of John topping it.
I now give the word to a person I found on the net somewhere, namely

Jerry Parks, "USA Today", All-American Teacher, Lexington, Kentucky, USA:

".. I am always looking for good films of the Biblical era, and this is certainly one of the best! [Agreed.. V.]

Richard Harris portrays old Abraham as the fallible human being that he surely was. Barbara Hershey (Sarah) is equal to the challenge of becoming a woman who, even in her advanced years, maintains a beauty which can entice a Pharaoh of Egypt.

The research production crew of Abraham certainly did their homework. As an ancient Sumerian, Abraham was part of a thriving and wealthy culture, which invented everything from schools, to surgery, to a codified law system. They were even the formulators of astrology, which the film skillfully sites as Abraham draws the signs of the zodiac in the sand for Isaac to learn. Probably an offensive moment to Biblical purists, but nevertheless--realistic and accurate. 

[Note: Astrology in that age wasn't meant as a device for fortune-telling. It was a way to remember the stories of old. I refer to the movie "Strange Signs In The Sky - The Truth About Star Signs". V. (also accessible for borrowing from "me", somewhere here. But rather check out J. Gray's DVD-packages, if you're able)They're found at:
 
http://www.beforeus.com ]

The Mesopotamian custom of producing a son through the wife's handmaid is handled with accuracy and tact. Relevant in light of today's Arab/Israeli conflict is the fact that this custom produced the Arab race extant today, while the children of Sarah's son Isaac became the Hebrews.

Another piece of excellent background the film delivers, is the covenant-making ceremony in the presence of the king's 'Divine Right' to rule. The scene in Haran is exceptionally well done - right down to the Sumerian's penchant for bargaining.

The animal sacrifice is handled with welcome reserve. So too, is the custom of midwifery, and how grief-stricken Sarah must've felt if she-childless, indeed did deliver so many children...

..I shall long remember the reaction of my students to this impending sacrifice - especially from those who did not know how the story would end!..

..In summary, this version of the Abraham is right up there with the best of the films in this genre. I feel only the Joseph story is better."

..said Jerry, and that's what I plan to upload next.. Funny he should mention that movie.. Might take some time, though, since I'm waiting for a good copy to put up.. 

Well, enjoy! :-)

Love from Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."