Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Wasted" is Carrie Underwood's sixth and final single from her multi-platinum debut Some Hearts.

The single began receiving country radio airplay as an album track, causing it to place on the US Country chart weeks before its official release as a single.

In January 2007, Underwood filmed the video for the song in Tampa, FL. This is now her fourth music video, and it was released during the beginning of February. The music video premiered on CMT Loaded.com.

Underwood performed the song on American Idol on March 8, 2007, after they paid her a tribute for her achievements since winning Idol in May 2005. She also performed the song live during the 2007 Academy of Country Music Awards on May 15.

For Underwood's fourth music video from her debut album Some Hearts, she appears in different, simple scenes, such as a house. An actor is also featured in the video, who fits the character dealing with the theme of the song. The music video is in complete black & white format, and it was released in early February, sooner than expected, thanks to the song's radio success. A shortened version of the song is used in the video, cutting out nearly a full minute of the song.

"Wasted" is a mid-tempo that deals with themes of addiction, including alcoholism. The song has two characters who each have to stop the addiction from taking over their lives. One of them gets out of addiction to a relationship, and the other gets out of addiction to alcohol.

The sixth single from her debut album, "Wasted" become Carrie's fourth consecutive No. 1 country single and fifth overall No.1 single. It debuted at #57 on the country charts before its official release. The song also received a significant amount of digital downloads on the iTunes music store after her performance of the song on American Idol.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/