Video Converter Ultimate v5.1.26+(serial) [Bit-Byte][/url]

As all-in-one AVI video converter, MPEG video converter, VOB video converter and DAT video converter, 4Media Video Converter is absolutely the best way to convert among all popular video files and audio files for playing on different digital players with perfect support of High-Definition (HD) videos. Extracting pictures in batches and creating vivid video from pictures are both available.
With most formats supported and classified in this video file converter, whether you have an iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, Zune, mobile phone, Windows mobile, or other portable multimedia devices, you will always find an output solution in a glance. Various video edit ways like videos merge, crop, clip and dozens of video effects, as well as subtitle and watermark custom are provided for you to make ideal and distinct videos.


Key Features

Merge files into one
If you have several video segments, this video file converter can let you merge them into a complete one to output for uninterrupted enjoyment.

Clip video to get segments
With 4Media Video Converter, you can pick up your favorite segments from a video by clipping, and then output each segment separately or merge the parts into one to output.

Auto-split large video file
By setting split file size of time length, you can averagely divide large file into parts for converting in 4Media Video Converter.

Add and adjust subtitle
Add subtitle file in ASS, SSA or SRT format, and adjust the transparence and position of the subtitle to get a video with subtitle.

Crop video image size
Define video height, width and crop area to get rid of your unwanted border in the video image.

Brightness, contrast, special effects
Adjust brightness, contrast, saturation, and choose a special effect from dozens of options like old film, shadow, and sand to get wonderful video effect.

Add picture or text watermark
Add a particular picture in any format or write text in the font style you choose on the video as your signature.

Check the video effects you apply
To help you check the effects you apply, 4Media Video Converter offers original and fixed video comparison function.

One source, multiple outputs
To convert a video to several formats, you can add multiple formats you want at the same time to get them converted one by one.

More optimized preset outputs
This video file converter prepares much more output formats that are classified by device type. You can further change the default format settings to realize your own requirements.

Bitrate Calculator defines video size
By inputting the size in the Bitrate Calculator, you can get a proper file size you need with the AVI video converter, MPEG video converter, VOB video converter, and DAT video converter.

Expert format settings available
4Media Video Converter provides general, advanced and even expert format settings for you to specify the output video and audio parameters to meet your different needs.

Multithreading, batch process
Execute AVI to MPEG video conversion, WMV to MPEG video conversion, and WMV to AVI video conversions at the same time with multithreading and batch process supported.

True to life video quality
With its professional video encoding and decoding technique, 4Media Video Converter can convert video and audio with the best quality.

More options you have
The video file converter can run in background, check updates automatically, provide English, German, Chinese, Japanese languages and three sets of skins.





*installation*
1.Unpack with any archiver
2.Install setup.exe
3.Run the application and go to help->Enter Licence Code...
4.Use one of serials provided
5.Enjoy!
