 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0358082/

Academy Award winning director Chris Wedge (Ice Age), returns to create another visually spectacular, three-dimensional world, with an all-star, award-winning cast. This hilarious, fun adventure not only pushes the boundaries of animation, but also introduces us to a world full of loveable characters who, led by Rodney Copperbottom (Ewan McGregor), set out to prove that you can shine, no matter what you are made of!

Rodney Copperbottom, voiced by Ewan McGregor, is a small town robot who has a gift for inventing things and a hope of moving beyond his quaint surroundings. He works side by side in a restaurant with his dad who is a dishwasher - literally a dishwasher. You open his chest and load in the dishes. Rodney has dreams of something greater. Armed with his unique talent for inventing, Rodney embarks on a journey to Robot City to meet his idol, the majestic inventor Bigweld, voiced by Mel Brooks. An iconic figure in all of Robot City, Bigweld has spent a lifetime creating things to make the lives of robots better.

Once in Robot City, Rodney finds that things are not quite as he expected, and his quest may be a lot harder than he imagined. As he tries to navigate his way around this new city, Rodney befriends the Rusties, a ragtag group of street-smart bots who know the ropes. One of the Rusties, Fender (voiced by Robin Williams), immediately becomes Rodney's best friend and even lets his spunky kid sister Piper Pinwheeler (voiced by Amanda Bynes) tag along. They take him in, and for now, at least, Rodney has a home in Robot City.

Rodney also meets Cappy (voiced by Halle Berry), an executive at Bigweld Industries who takes an instant liking to Rodney and sees a lot of herself in him. Along their adventures, Rodney and his new friends encounter unsavory characters who try to derail Rodney's plans to find Bigweld and save Robot City. The result is a timeless, comedic tale that pushes the boundaries of animation while introducing characters rich with humor and soul, and a heart-warming story proves that a robot can shine no matter what he is made of.

In addition to Ewan McGregor, Robin Williams, Halle Berry, Mel Brooks and Amanda Bynes, ROBOTS boasts the following ensemble cast: Drew Carey, Jim Broadbent, Paul Giamatti, Jay Leno, Dianne Wiest, Stanley Tucci, Jamie Kennedy, and many others.

Format : AVI
Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
File size : 905 MiB
Duration : 1h 26mn
Overall bit rate : 1 469 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format profile : Simple@L3
Format settings, BVOP : No
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Codec ID : XVID
Codec ID/Hint : XviD
Duration : 1h 26mn
Bit rate : 1 074 Kbps
Width : 718 pixels
Height : 552 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.850
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 8 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.108
Stream size : 661 MiB (73%)
Writing library : XviD 1.1.2 (UTC 2006-11-01)

Audio
ID : 1
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Codec ID : 2000
Duration : 1h 26mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 384 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Surround: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Stream size : 237 MiB (26%)
Alignment : Aligned on interleaves
Interleave, duration : 32 ms (0.80 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 544 ms