Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Somebody to Love" is a song performed by pop singer Leighton Meester featuring Robin Thicke. It is the lead single from her debut album and was produced by Mike Caren and written by Leighton Meester, Robin Thicke, Mike Caren, Ollie Goldstein, Rico Love and Shahine Ezell. The song was featured in an episode of Gossip Girl, which stars Leighton Meester.

"Somebody to Love" is an uptempo electropop and trance song that harks elements of Blue Monday by New Order. It draws influences of pop music, electronica and R&B with Robin Thicke's vocals. Meester said in an interview that "the song is basically about how I can't get any — I can't find anyone to love." "I really wanted to make something that's completely different from anything that's on the radio right now," said Leighton. "I feel like it's really dancy and fun, but it's still laid back and relaxed and moody and sexy." Of the single, songwriter Love stated to MTV that "I was honored when I found out that my record was chosen to be Leighton's first single. It's exciting to be able to show a different side of my work and me."

The music video was directed by Zoe Cassavetes and was released online on 8th November 2009 to Last.FM 

Leighton Marissa Meester (born April 9, 1986) is an American actress and singer-songwriter, best known for her role as Blair Waldorf in the TV show Gossip Girl.

In April 2009, Meester signed a recording contract with Universal Republic. The album will have an "electro-pop edge", and will be produced by several producers such as RedOne, J.R. Rotem and Kara Dioguardi. Her first single "Somebody To Love" featuring R&B singer Robin Thicke hit radio on October 13 and went available for digital download on October 14, 2009. The album is tentatively slated for early 2010.

Meester is featured in the Cobra Starship song "Good Girls Go Bad", which reached the Top 10 on Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #7. She also made a cover of the song "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" for the compilation album A Very Special Christmas 7, released November 24, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

