It’s Friday, ya bastids!

Last night the mystery Democratic Senate candidate from South Carolina, Alvin Green, was interviewed on Keith Olbermann’s Countdown. I don’t know if this guy was a Republican plant, but he’s clearly a plant… in the sense that he has the verbal skills of a potted azalea. The Democrats would be better off running a potted fern against Jim DeMint. On the other hand, a potted fern would make a better Senator than Jim DeMint.

Last night Green basically kept his mouth shut and avoided answering any questions. I hope Sharron Angle was taking notes. South Carolina Senator James Clyburn wants an investigation into who paid for Green’s candidacy. Clyburn says he had a feeling that “something was going on in South Carolina that was untoward.” The first clue? It’s South Carolina! Looking for something untoward in South Carolina politics is like looking for something oily in the Gulf of Mexico.

Speaking of which, new estimates essentially doubled the amount of oil believed to be leaking into the gulf. The new estimates are 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day. To put those numbers into perspective, that means that the REAL numbers are probably twice even that. If you want to get a handle on how much oil is leaking into the gulf, take a dozen estimates… and then add them all together. You’ll probably come up with a number that approaches the real amount. On the upside, it turns out that there’s a lot more oil reserves under the Gulf of Mexico than anybody ever imagined. Unfortunately, they’re not staying under the Gulf of Mexico.

In ill-literary news, Glenn Beck has been recommending a book written by a notorious anti-Semite. I’m shocked. Who knew Glenn Beck read books? The book Beck has been pushing is an anti-Communist diatribe called The Red Network. It was first published in 1934, but it’s been kept alive by people who wish it still was 1934. What Beck doesn’t mention is that the author, Elizabeth Dilling, was more well-known for hating Jews than for hating Communists, though to be fair, to her they were the same thing. I guess Glenn likes the anti-Communist message of the Red Network. Hey Glenn, you know what other book includes a lot of anti-Communist ranting? Mein Kampf! But the author of that one is better known for other views, too.
