Investigative journalist Sarah Jane Smith, one-time companion to The Doctor, is back for a third series of alien-busting adventures, from creator Russell T Davies, which also features a special appearance from The Doctor himself, David Tennant, who stars in two episodes.

Sarah Jane is accompanied by her adopted son, Luke, his streetwise pal, Clyde Langer, their schoolmate, Rani, who lives opposite and has aspirations to become a journalist like Sarah Jane, and their Xylok super computer in the attic, Mr Smith. Sarah Jane’s robot dog, K-9, also joins the gang on their adventures.

1/12 – Prisoner of the Judoon – Part 1
In the first of this two-part adventure, Sarah Jane and the gang face the most dangerous day of their lives, as the rhino-like Judoon return. When prisoner Androvax the Destroyer crash-lands on Earth, a Veil is set free and starts to turn Earth’s technology against itself. And his next intended victim is Sarah Jane.

2/12 – Prisoner of the Judoon – Part 2
Luke, Clyde and Rani fight their most fearsome enemy yet – Sarah Jane Smith – in the second episode of this two-part, alien-busting adventure. As the Judoon fleet approaches Earth, it’s a race against time to stop Androvax. But with Genetech’s technology on the rampage, and Rani’s parents taken prisoner, can anything stop the Army of the Infinitesimal?

3/12 – The Mad Woman in the Attic – Part 1
Rani investigates strange rumours about a demon living in a funfair at the seaside. What she finds there, however, is far more alarming than that and she makes a decision that affects not only her future, but also the futures of all those she cares about… Far in the future, in 2059, an old Rani remembers the day when her whole life went wrong. As her younger self investigates mysterious disappearances at an abandoned funfair, she sets into motion a chain of events which unleash the terrible powers of the alien Eve.

4/12 – The Mad Woman in the Attic – Part 2
Alien Eve’s powers grow out of control, with everyone caught in her sinister and endless games. As the echoes of an ancient war threaten the modern world, the danger extends all the way to the year 2059. If Rani fails to change her own destiny, then everyone is doomed.

5/12 – The Wedding of Sarah Jane Smith – Part 1
The Doctor returns on the happiest day of Sarah Jane’s life, but a deadly trap is waiting for them all.

6/12 – The Wedding of Sarah Jane Smith – Part 2
The Doctor arrives to join the battle, but is he too late to save both Sarah Jane and the Earth itself?

7/12 – The Eternity Trap – Part 1
A haunted house, with mysterious whispers and secrets in the shadows attracts Sarah Jane’s attention in the first of a new, two-part adventure, written by Phil Ford and directed by Alice Troughton. When Professor Rivers and the gang investigate an old legend, a monstrous creature appears in the night as the terrifying grasp of Erasmus Darkening reaches out from centuries past.

8/12 – The Eternity Trap – Part 2
Sarah Jane and the gang discover the secrets of Erasmus Darkening, but are they too late? As ghosts from the past rise up, and the quest to find the missing children reaches a climax, it seems that nothing can stop the ancient alchemist’s rise to victory.

9/12 – Mona Lisa’s Revenge – Part 1
Strange forces bring the Mona Lisa to life. Clyde’s proudest day turns into a nightmare when he discovers that fine art can be dangerous and, when a school trip descends into disaster, the gang find themselves trapped without Sarah Jane’s help, as the awesome abomination stir.

10/12 – Mona Lisa’s Revenge – Part 2
Luke and Rani investigate the myth of the dreaded abomination. With Sarah Jane trapped and beyond help, everything now depends upon Clyde. Mona Lisa vows to release her terrifying brother from his age-old prison, but only Clyde has the key.

11/12 – The Gift – Part 1
Sarah Jane, Luke, Clyde and Rani face an old enemy, the green Slitheen. When the Slitheen’s latest scheme is halted, their rivals, the Blathereen, arrive. Declaring peace between the planets, they offer Sarah Jane a gift – one that might change the future of the human race forever.

12/12 – The Gift – Part 2
When the Blathereens’ gift runs riot, Sarah Jane faces the battle of her life to save her son, Luke, as The Sarah Jane Adventures concludes. With Clyde, Rani and K9 trapped in a school under siege, and the whole of London convulsing under the alien threat, everything heads for a final showdown in the attic – and not everyone is getting out alive.

Typical File Information -

File Name: the.sarah.jane.adventures.s03e01.720p.hdtv.×264-bia
Duration (mm:ss): 27:59
File Size (in bytes): 782,513,549
Video Information -

Video Codec Name: x264
frame Width (pixels): 1280
frame Height (pixels): 720
frames Per Second: 25
Video Bitrate (kbps): 3340
Audio Information -

Audio Codec: AC3
Audio Sample Rate: 48KHz
Audio Channels 6
Audio Bitrate(kbps): 384

Genre: Children, Drama, Family, Sci-Fi
Theme: Aliens

Show rating: TV: 8.6 (502 votes) | TVRage: 8.7 (12 votes) | IMDB: 7.4/10 (539 votes)
http://www.tv.com/the-sarah-jane-adventures/show/67522/summary.html?q=the%20sarah%20jane%20adventures&tag=search_results;title;1
http://www.tvrage.com/shows/id-13365
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0862620/