Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Monster" is the second single of the 2009 album Awake by the Christian rock band Skillet, and is both the second track, and second single, off the album.The Single has so far peaked at number #11 on the Itunes Rock charts, #6 on Christian Rock radio, #33 on the Billboard Rock Songs chart, #34 on the Billboard Heatseaker charts and number #11 on the mainstream rock charts, making it the most successful single in the band's history.Also a radio edit version can be found on the Deluxe Version, which does not include the growling part of the song. It's also the fifth single by Skillet to be released to physical media.

A music video was released on September 2nd, 2009 on noisecreep.com. It features the band performing in a hospital room while under observation from a medical team. The video cuts back to both Korey and John who wake up in different parts of the hospital while undergoing various tests. Eventually both escape while being chased by SWAT teams. The video ends with a dub over of a man reporting that there has been a "containment breach."  Ben and Jen both appear as doctors in the beginning of the video. Skillet released a making-of for the video in one of their podcasts. The video was featured on Fuse's Number One Countdown: Viewer's Choice at number 3.

John Cooper explained to Stereotruth.net the meaning of the song; "It’s a song about being fake and putting on a face for people that’s not the real you. But it’s basically about the nature of sin and the nature of the divine, which is the dual nature we have as Christians. Everyday we have to strive to throw away the old and be that new person in Christ."

World Wrestling Entertainment has recently been using Monster for most of its major products. The song is one of the tracks in WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010. It was the theme song of the WWE PPV Hell in a Cell. The song has also been announced to be used on the MTV show, Bully Beatdown.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

