Defiant Comics was a comic book publishing imprint of Enlightened Entertainment Partners, LP which was established in 1993 by former Marvel Comics and Valiant Comics editor-in-chief Jim Shooter.

Defiant was founded in the wake of Jim Shooter's departure from Valiant.  After attempting, unsuccessfully, to retain his partial ownership of Voyager Communications (Valiant's parent company) Shooter founded a new company that included some Valiant artists and writers on its staff.  He formed a business venture with The River Group to help finance Defiant.

In early 1993, Defiant announced that its first title, Plasm, would be released as a series of trading cards that could be put together in an album to form "issue #0".  Upon hearing the news, Marvel Comics threatened a lawsuit against Defiant, claiming the new title violated a Marvel UK trademark for their book/character Plasmer.  Though Defiant changed the title to Warriors of Plasm, Marvel continued its lawsuit. While the court eventually ruled in favor of Defiant, the legal process depleted the company's capital, having cost over $300,000 in legal fees.  Defiant ceased publication in summer 1995.

Shooter had originally planned to publish an intercompany "crossover" featuring all the characters and titles in the self-contained Defiant universe to have been titled "Schism", the crossover was intended to take place in a four-issue miniseries, with the regular ongoing titles retelling the parts relevant to the respective characters of each.  Only two crossover-related issues (Dogs of War #5 and Warriors of Plasm #13) were published before the company went out of business.

The main Defiant titles were:


Dark Dominion
The series focused on Michael Alexander, an author, who battled demons that arose from the fears of human beings and lived in an alternate world that occupied the same space-time as our own.  The only way to see this hidden world was to put aside one's fears.


The Good Guys
The story focuses on a group of young kids who gain superpowers when a seeming magic box is broken open.


Warriors of Plasm
Far from earth is a planet which is also a living organism: the Org of Plasm.  The Org must constantly be fed.  This is accomplished by conquering new planets.  Lorca, the Supreme Acquisitor, leads this mission and sets his sights on Earth.  However, he devises an attempt to overthrow the rulers of Plasm.  To do so he genetically modifies five humans. When his rebellion is thwarted, he sends them home.  These humans gain superpowers and then set themselves in preparation to attempt to defend the Earth from the oncoming alien invasion from Plasm.


Charlemagne
Charlemagne revolves around Charles Smith. When the series begins in 1973, Charles is a 12 year old boy who runs away from home after his brother Pete is reported missing in Vietnam.  Charles manages to get to Vietnam, and spends months trying to locate Pete.  His search takes him to a small village where Charles sees his brother being attacked by a helicopter.  Pete is killed by a bomb, and Charles is also badly injured, his legs blown off in a second explosion.  Flown back to an America, Charles spends several months in a coma, where he dreams of ways to save his brother.  When Charles finally wakes up, it is 1993, and Charles has somehow regrown his legs.  He leaves the hospital and sets off again in search of his brother.


Dogs of War
Spin-off from Warriors of Plasm, Dogs of War centers around Elvis Mazerov, an ex-military officer who gains the ability to turn invisible when he was abducted by aliens, taken to another planet and had his DNA altered through bioengineering.


Prudence & Caution
Spin-off from Warriors of Plasm.


War Dancer
The story follows a prince from another world who uses rain dancing to summon the end of worlds, to speed up the end of all things in order to bring back his one true love.


The only Defiant Comic not currently scanned is The Birth of The Defiant Universe.  This was a one-shot presented to retailers at the 6th annual Capital City sales conference.  It was touted as being the most expensive comic book format publication for it's time.  It featured a translucent paper overlay which wrapped a card stock cover.  High gloss heavy stock paper was used throughout.  These were signed by Jim Shooter and limited to only 1000 copies.  The comics were given to retailers with an envelope and a pair of white gloves.  The envelope features a letter which states "DEFIANT! THE GLOVES ARE OFF! (But put these on to preserve this incredible collectors' item!)".  In this promotional publication it has the characters of the Defiant Universe introduce themselves in first person dialogue.  It has an introduction to the Defiant Universe and it lists the upcoming titles including Truth and Beauty and Mongrel which were never published.  Contrary to some online reports, this material was not reprinted.  It is not the same content which was published in Defiant Genesis. 

Defiant Genesis was a collection of short stories that give insight to the Defiant Universe and its characters.  It was later renamed and released as The Origin of The Defiant Universe.


Released on http://ComicPirates.info