Website description:
Laplink Pcmover 5 file version 12

PCmover is the ONLY migration utility that moves programs, files, and settings from your old PC to your new PC. Simply install PCmover on both your old and new computers and go! PCmover will determine which programs, files, and settings need to be moved, and when the transfer is complete, your new computer will have the personality and functionality of your old PC as well as all of its own pre-installed software. Works with almost any Windows operating system.

PCmover can migrate your PC across a network, Laplink USB cable, Windows Easy Transfer Cable or any type of removable media that can be read by both PCs. If your computer has multiple users, PCmover gives you the option to migrate some or all of the users at once. The security information about file ownership and access control is preserved for each user. You can even use PCmover to migrate your PC to an Intel-based Mac using VMware Fusion, Parallels or Bootcamp.

PCmover can also be used to upgrade your existing PC from Windows XP to Windows 7.  PCmover® Windows 7 Upgrade Assistant™ is a special edition of PCmover that does just this!  Instead of migrating from one PC to another, many users simply desire to upgrade their existing computer to Microsoft’s newest operating system.

My description:
This is basically a program that can be used to transfer one windows "installation" to another. Installation meaning settings, apps, other settings, documents, and whatever else matters to you.


Read this before installing!
This is a pcmover trial installer and because of that it has optional ask.com stuff in it which may be considered by some to be adware. It seems a bit tricky because it asks you to accept a few license agreements and one of them is for an ask.com toolbar. Read the first few lines in each license agreement to find out what you are agreeing to.



The keygen included is just the plain ol' pcmover keygen thats been around for a while you can get it from somewhere else if you don't trust me. Here's the link to the virustotal scan for it  
http://www.virustotal.com/analisis/e56a344f43f200bbf3216772f756c8cc9c03ac0c88f64bc0d9661aab1da90b27-1263694564
It looks like the very popular security program comodo detected this as malware. Just so you know comodo av got the lowest score in pcworld's virus detection test, mostly for false positives.



Activation instructions:

Run pcmover, click next through the steps until you get to
"preparing your computers for migration", click "old computer", click next
until you get to "choose migration type", choose full migration and click next. 
Click "no internet access" and start the keygen. Copy over network name and session code from pcmover to keygen, but take the "P" off of the front of the session code so that it is just 5 numbers. Click generate, copy the validation code into pcmover, enter any name and any email address(preferably a fake one), hit next, and you now can use all of the non-trial features.

A pdf user guide can be found on the laplink website, otherwise press F1 in the program for "help".

Enjoy, rate, comment, whatever...