Wake Up Your Creative Genius


Being creative means dealing in ideas. The world runs on ideas. Good things rarely 
happen accidentally. Long before electric lights or television or heart surgery or 
even the wheel came to be, they existed as thoughts in somebody's mind.

When ideas are first formed, they are often considered to be of little importance. 
("And what will you do once you're up in the air, Mr. Wright? A waste of time!") But as years pass and an idea begins to be accepted, it can change our lives. Sometimes it changes the very foundation of our society.

Where do good ideas come from? You're probably not a mad genius working in a laboratory, churning out miracle drugs and magic potions for a living. But that doesn't matter. Many of the extraordinary inventions we use in our world today came from quite ordinary people.And those same ordinary people can get good ideas to improve their financial situation, their relationships with others, their circumstances at work and home, and countless other things. Ideas can come to anyone who's willing to seek them out.


TABLE OF CONTENTS


The Great American Dream   	
A Simple Way to Start Ideas Coming   	
Winning Ideas—How to Find Them  	
One Key to Getting Good Ideas   	
A Sure Way to Clog Up a Creative Mind   
What You Need Besides a Good Idea 	
Playful Ways to Get Ideas 	
Superman Syndrome  	
How to Strengthen Your Creative Muscle 	
A Sure Way to Kill Creativity—And How to Avoid It 	
How to Get Big Money for Your Ideas   	
How to Make Ideas Valuable  	
How to Make Your Ideas Succeed 	
Projection 	
Getting More from Your Mind  	
The Outside Advantage 	
How to Protect Your Ideas 	
Jumping the Creativity Gap 	
Thinking Traps That Kill Creativity   	
Creative Hype 	
One Reason Your Good Ideas May Fail .. .
Cooked Goose  	
A Sure-Fire Creative Technique  	
How to Turn Mistakes into Opportunities 	
Mental Practice 	
A Tool for Opening Your Creative Mind .. .
How to Get More from Your Dreams 	
Fruit from Nuts 	
Hard Work? 	
Two Brains in One Skull  	
Why Its So Hard to Get
Your Ideas Accepted   	
A Logical Creative Technique 	
Toll Position—Keep the Money Coming .. .
Mind Joggers to Increase Creativity  	
How Mother Nature Can Increase Creativity 	
Ah Ha! 	
Creative Solutions Made to Order   	
A Creative Thinking Technique That Never Fails 	
Beware of the Crackpot 	
Metamorphosis 	
How to Gain a Creative Point of View 	
Where Most Ideas Come From  	
The Most Important Creative Skill   	
Visual Brainstorming  	
How Intuition Can Increase Your Creative Potential  	
Swimming Upstream   	
The Biggest Barrier to Creativity   	
A Noncreative Habit to Avoid   	
Pointy-Headed People
Need Custom-Made Hats 	
How to Avoid a Creators Worst Enemy  	
Creative Cliches 	
Tips tor Dealing With the Right People   	
How to Avoid Having Your Idea Stolen   	
A Fact Everybody Forgets   	
Don't Overlook This Technique of Creative Thinking 	
How to Submit an Idea   	
Constipated Thinking 	
How to Increase Creative Output Without Extra Work   	
Do YOU Do II?   	
Finding the Essence 	
Verbal Agreements Don't Protect Ideas 	
Brainstorming 	
How Ideas Are Lost  	
How to Get More Reward
for Your Creative Effort 	



OTHER BOOKS INCLUDED:
How To Be Creative
Creativity At Work
Creativity - Maximize Your Brainpower - 1000 New Ways to Boost Your Mental Fitness
A Mental Fitness Program for Maximizing Creativity and Achieving Success
A Guide For Creative Thinking By Brian Tracy
101 Activities for Teaching Creativity and Problem Solving

