Title: Tatsunoko Vs Capcom Ultimate All Stars
Genre: Fighting  
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: NTSC
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
Tatsunoko vs. Capcom: Ultimate All Stars pairs well-known characters from Capcom's roster of games with some of Japan's most beloved characters from anime powerhouse Tatsunoko Production. From Capcom's 30-year history comes characters the Street Fighter, Darkstalkers, Mega Man Legends and other franchises. Tatsunoko's near half-century of Japanese animation excellence is represented by such charactes as cybernetic warrior Casshan and comedic action hero Yatterman No. 1. All together, there are more than 20 colorful combatants to choose from in order to form the ultimate tag team combination. Gameplay will instantly set fighting game fans’ fingers twitching, combining elements from Capcom games like Street Fighter and previous entries in the VS series. Players choose from the combined roster of fighters to create their favourite two man/woman/cyborg/robot tag team, rotating on the fly between the two players throughout the course of each match. Those new to the genre will appreciate the game's bright visual style and simplified four-button fighting controls. Hardcore Capcom fighting fans will dig in to the game's depth, uncovering huge Aerial Rave combos and unique Variable Assists, gorgeous Ultimate Hyper Combos, and Variable Combinations that combine the capabilities of two members of the player’s tag-team to unleash huge damage.    


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers