Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:06:50

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1877 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.16 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps


"Sara Smile" is a song written and recorded by the American musical duo Hall & Oates. It was released as the first single from their album Daryl Hall & John Oates in 1976. The song was the group's first Top 10 hit in the US, reaching number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. Thirty-three years later, country music singer Jimmy Wayne released a cover version as a single, with backing vocals from the duo.

"Sara Smile" was the first single release from Hall & Oates' 1976 self-titled album for RCA Records. Co-written by both halves of the duo, it was their breakthrough single, with a #4 peak on the Billboard Hot 100 charts in 1976. It was written about Hall's girlfriend, Sara Allen. The song is also considered a standard of seventies blue-eyed soul.

Nathan Brackett and Christian Hoard, in the Rolling Stone album guide, referred to the song as a "love bead ballad," and Steve Pond of the Los Angeles Times cited it as an example of the duo's R&B influences. Because of its chart success, "Sara Smile" promped a re-release of the duo's previous single, "She's Gone."[

"Sara Smile" was the duo's first Top Ten hit, reaching #4 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also peaked at #23 on Hot Soul Singles (now Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs) and #18 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts. The song also earned a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

Daryl Hall & John Oates is a 1975 album by Hall & Oates. This self titled album is sometimes labeled The Silver Album because of its metallic glam-rock style cover. In 2000 Buddah Records re-released the album with two bonus tracks ("What's Important to Me" and "Ice"). When making the album cover, Hall & Oates were so heavily made-up that Hall ended up looking like a woman.

"Grounds For Separation", according to Daryl Hall, was going to be used in the Sylvester Stallone movie "Rocky." Frank Stallone, Sylvester's brother, was in a band with John Oates called Valentine and this connection got them a shot at an appearance on the soundtrack. The movie, however, was slow to get off the ground, and Hall and Oates withdrew the song.

"Grounds For Separation" is also sampled by Kanye West in his song "Fight With The Best."

Gino (The Manager) was about Tommy Mottola, their manager, who later became president of Sony Music.

In 2009, Sony Music Custom Marketing Group released a triple pack of Hall & Oates albums. Along with this album, the pack included H2O and Ooh Yeah!.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/