Legend of Dragoon for the Ps1                                    Rel. 06/14/2000


Format:        CD-R PAL/NTSC Selector
Lang.:         English
Discs:         4
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        RPG
Protection:    LibCrypt (Patched with protection fix).
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps1 or Ps2, Breaker Pro Boot CD, 
               Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip (Allows playing of backups), 
               or Psx Emulator. (You only need one of these methods).


Compressed with WinRar, All 4 Game Discs were tested and work.
Try 7Zip its free Google it, If you don't have WinRar.


Note: No Ps1 Backup/Game or copy will work unless you have a modded Ps1/Ps2, or if 
      you use a bootdisc like Breaker Pro, you can also use a Game Enhancer/Built-
      in Mod-Chip which does the same as Breaker Pro for the Ps1. (If using 
      Breaker Pro or Game Enhancer for multi-disc games you'll have to use the 
      swap trick, A method of lifting the spring putting in any original ps1 game 
      releasing spring and waiting till the disc starts spinning faster then 
      quickly swap in your next game disc. This takes timing and practice to get 
      it right and only works for older Playstation's).



Release Notes - This is the USA Release of Legend of Dragoon which has protection 
                it detects a mod-chip. It only does the check when you switch game 
                discs. All 4 Disc Images have been pre-patched with protection 
                fix, which means you can play the game without problems. Note this 
                is a Paradox Patch and has a Pal/Ntsc selector plus trainer 
                options for your enjoyment.
                


Game Description:

Dart, a brave and loyal warrior swordsman, has sworn to avenge the death of his parents by destroying the mysterious black monster. For unknown reasons, the Sandora Empire burns down his village and imprisons his childhood friend, Shana. Straight away Dart sets out on a journey to rescue her, but Shana's kidnapping is merely the tip of the iceberg of a much grander, more sinister plot about ancient spiritual powers and the destruction of the human race.


Game Pics Included.


Burn With Alcohol 120% (Included in Download).

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x speed for all discs.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or Questions Please Post a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!