PLZ SEED!!!! OR BETTER YET, BOOK ME:
fr3qnast3@uk2.net

***ENCRYPTED CLIENTS ONLY***


"Suscitatio" (PAL) <FINALE>

All A/V mixed by: /=®€<|//4§+λ, except for Tiësto & Sneaky Sound System's "I will be here" - NTSC VERSION ONLY

Disc compilation and mastering by: NYP

Working title "r3sync 5.5/What ever happened to MTV?"

r3sync is djing and vjing while remixing. It has become my technique, my passion.

The audio mixing style is MAXIMAL. That's many trax mixed many ways...

This piece tells many stories from my life. The movements will take you through different forms of electronic music: House, Techno, Trance, Progressive, Electro-House, and even an a cappella. Some of the tracks are layered on top of each other (mashup or mixing?), and others stand solo.

Well I have used this video backdrop while I perform for over a year now. This mix is now formally retired, and I hope you enjoy it.- fr3qnast3

The original torrent is still circulating on Mininova and The Pirate bay. It has been over a year and it is still alive. Mininova counts over 12,000 downloads, and I wonder how many were completed on TPB? There were a few bugs in there I wanted to fix, so here we go...

The original version was created using DV for an (intermediate) editing codec. This resulted in color shifts, and a lot of jagged edges, especially with HOT colors. The resolution was 720x480i with a 29.97 frame rate. When I converted the video to pal, it was looking pretty bad.

For this remastered version, I used uncompressed 8bit video at 1280 x 720P, with 29.97 frames per second. Working in a larger intermediate format helps retain as much of the original format as possible, and allows for the creation of a higher quality master.

Most footage was SD, some was HD, and a small fraction was web resolution. It's hard to find good HD footage....

This version of the audio mix was from a gig last year. Most of the trax were from .wav files, except for a few which were not released in wav format, as those were .m4a. The output was 24bit 96khz (I use 24/96 audio when I play out:), but the final output was compressed to 16bit ac3.

This is the *PAL* edition. I preserved the video at a high rate and compressed the sound so that this will look crisp on projectors. There are no menus besides the opening screen. I think VJ's will like this one better because the video is progressive, and there are no menus other than the opening.

Instead of running a quick recode to PAL which involves lopping off frames, I chose a HI-Q render method that blends frames together. It took over 2 days on HI-Q render mode to get rid of the judder.

Finale output for main movie:
4.5mbps VBR (7.7 MAX)
720x576 25 FPS Progressive Video
126 BPM 448 kbps Dolby Digital Professional
French, English, and Mandarin Subtitles are BURNED IN.
An additional subtitle track has been added to the top of the screen to note the chapter names.
24 Chapters
28 Songs


The chapters:

1) With my friends
Chillen at WMC 2006+2008. Missed 07, is was a mess...

2) The idiots have taken over Detroit
I thought Cerberus capital management would fail, but for the wrong reasons. I was right in the end though.

3) Till death do us part
I thought it would last forever.

4) Death
I was wrong.

5) Follow me
Dreaming is way more fun.

6) I'll be there in your life
One's love for another, and ones love for freedom crammed in to two visual movements.

7) Ballsweat
I am better than you, and I will take your girl. Detroit is a reoccurring vehicle, old Detroit muscle vs. new.

8) I trusted you
Classic betrayal. This happens to me every few months or so.

9) Ego trip
15 min of fame, but a little shorter.

10) Are you ready...
...to be seduced?

11) "The internet is a series of tubes..."
This chapter is dedicated to former senator Ted Stevens, the internets mastermind.

12) State of affairs
The world in small movements.

13) MTV is a no.
Where are the videos? I always liked Channel 13 & PBS better anyway.

14) London Calling
Madonna left us for the UK:(

15) MTV evil business
Their business model depends on "reality tv". LOL go figure...

16) Drugs changed everything
I left the game when I was 18, and that saved my life.

17) Get lifted
Yo Phil! This one is for you!

18) Freedom at any cost
We take liberty for granted, and the real cost is war through proxy.

19) Climaxtic
This is here because the hero always gets the girl, right?

20) Rebuild
Reconciliation with old friends really helps.

21) All I ever wanted
Now I have all I could ever want.

22) Revolution
Resistance is not futile.

23) The Limelight
Besides the drugs, dancing was an all night affair.

24) A new life
The future is...

The songs:

The Difference Machine - Randall Jones - Original Mix
Super Skunk - Noir - Deadmau5 Remix
Idiots - Vandal - Audiojack Remix
Lucky Heather - Fanciulli - Dubfire's Lucky 13 Remix
Hydrology - Glenn Morrison - Original Mix
Moan - Trentemøller - Radio Slave's a capella Breakdown
Hide & Seek - Imogen Heap - Tiesto's In Search Of Sunrise Remix
Sweep - Blue Foundation - Jim Rivers Vox
In Love With You - Atrium - Mark Knight Tool Room Vox
Put Your Hands Up for Detroit - Fedde Le Grande (Claude Von Stroke Remix)
Mouth to Mouth - Audion - Original Mix
Carry Me Away feat Emma Hewitt Micky Slim - Chris Lake - Funkagenda Spankd Mix
Ready To Go - Tom Craft and Republica - Club Mix
Everybody Freakin - Mync and Dirty South - Original Mix
Elementos Fugaces - Agniezka Javith 's @ In Progresso Mix
Roadkill - Dubfire - Danyelino and Maurizio Remix
My MTV - Noir - D. Ramirez "Evil Business" Remix - FR3QNAST3 REDUB
Perspective - Rex Mundi - Original Mix
Space - Micha Moor - Klass Club Remix
Intergalactic - Giorgio Giordano - Original Mix
Sombatiki - Andrea Olivia
Callisto - Marc Romboy and Stephan Bodzin - Original Mix
Instinto Primario - Oel and Polygon - Original Mix
Enjoy The Silence - Ivan and Dan Daniel - Club Mix
What You Feel - Mike Miller - Jim Rivers Unreleased Dub
Sunburst - Marc Romboy - Original Mix
Dancing in Dark Rooms - Quiver - Jim Rivers Remix
The Future Calls the Dawn - Felix the Housecat

PEACE
-NYP