Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Lenka (born Lenka Kripac in 1978) is an Australian television actress and singer-songwriter, most famous worldwide for her song "The Show" from her self-titled album Lenka, which has been used in numerous advertisements, most notably for Old Navy.

Previously best known in Australia as an actress, she has appeared in numerous Australian television serials and feature films.

She is now living in Los Angeles.

Lenka is the self-titled album of pop recording artist Lenka. It was released 23 September, 2008 through Epic Records. This is her debut album after being a member of Decoder Ring. The first single "The Show" was released June 15, 2009.

"Don't Let Me Fall" was featured in a television commercial for Telus in Canada. "The Show," produced by Stuart Brawley, has been featured as soundtrack for an Old Navy as well as an Ugly Betty commercial, the film Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging, the 2009 Spring Campaign of the Polish TV Station TVN (Poland), and was promoted as an iTunes Free Single of the Week. The songs "Trouble Is a Friend" and "Live Like You're Dying" were featured in Grey's Anatomy and "Trouble is a Friend", "Don't Let Me Fall", "The Show", and "We Will Not Grow Old" were featured in the teen drama 90210. "The Show" was also featured in the promotional ad of Inuyasha the Final act" on Animax.

Lenka has performed on the late-night network television interview shows in America, Late Night with Conan O'Brien, Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson and The Tonight Show singing "The Show" with her full band.

On the week of 3 November 2008, "The Show" debuted at number 71 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart.

The beginning of 2009 saw Lenka tour extensively throughout America and Canada. On February 2nd 2009 Lenka performed her first sold out show in Toronto, Canada which she played a remix version of "The Show" as her encore.

Summer 2009 saw the release of Lenka's album in Europe and Asia, with coinciding tours and festival appearances.

In Vietnam, "The Show" was a huge hit and became one of the most played songs in public. XONE FM - VOV3 was the first radio entity that put Lenka's "The Show" in the airwaves all over Vietnam

In Poland, due to the huge popularity of "The Show" Lenka's debut album was certificated gold after 10,000 copies sold.

The album has also reached gold in Hong Kong

Indian lifestyle and entertainment television channel Zee Cafe part of Zee network, uses a part of the song "The Show" featuring the lyrics 'Dum Di Dum... just enjoy the show' at the end of every commercial break.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

