Jekkara Press


You can find out more about the Adventures of Bulays and Ghaavn at the Jekkara Press wordpress website


or the blogger site



And you can find this book and other Tara Loughead books in html, text, epub, mobi, kindle, pdf and rtf formats at Smashwords :-
 
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jekkarapress

If you prefer, you can find Jekkara Press books at:

Feedbooks: 
http://www.feedbooks.com/user/97010/profile

Also at Scribd :  
http://www.scribd.com/jekkarapress

Jekkara Press artwork can be found at :
 
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jekkarapress/




Also by Jekkara Press

The Adventures of Bulays and Ghaavn currently include:

01 Blood Demons of Titan - Tara Loughead

The warriors Bulays and Ghaavn hunt demons and their master through the dim and dusty streets of Barnes, on Titan. Can they stop him before he completes a devastating ritual?

02 Death Queen of Neptune - Tara Loughead

Bulays and Ghaavn are called in to investigate why a frontier base on Neptune has gone silent. Ice monsters and an ancient, beautiful evil await.

03 She Devils of Europa - Tara Loughead

One of the richest women in the Solar System asks Bulays and Ghaavn for help in stopping a series of thefts. There is a mystery to solve at the most expensive resort in existence, The Europa. Larceny, magic and dancing await, in an all expenses paid evening.

04 Shadow Emperor of Phobos: The Martian Moon War Part 1 - Tara Loughead

Bulays and Ghaavn try and stop a underworld shooting war.  First they must get past a Martian Shadowcat, employ surprising combat techniques, and try and reason with Ghaavn's criminal mentor.

05 Desert Empress of Deimos: The Martian Moon War Part 2 - Tara Loughead

Bulays and Ghaavn are caught in the middle of a crime family war.  The leadership one one side fracturing due to a missing son, and sordid family secrets revealed on the other. 

06 Heart Breakers of Hyperion - Tara Loughead

Aliens from outer space are stealing parts of our women.  And all of our men.  Bulays and Ghaavn have to go undercover in the notorious brothel, Madame Khan's to stop it. With Emar, the Death Queen of Neptune as their Mistress!

07 The Gebriahl Setup â