. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

             Lets.Dance.For.Sport.Relief.2010.Part2.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.03.01
              Genre...........: Entertainment

       2/4 - It is week two of the dance contest, and presenters Claudia 
       Winkleman and Steve Jones once again put some of Britain's bravest 
       celebrity faces from the worlds of comedy, sport and entertainment 
       through their paces in the good name of charity.
       
       Week One saw a gobsmacking array of mesmerising performances from 
       the likes of comedians Rufus Hound and Katy Brand, as well as some 
       of the biggest legends from the world of sport and television. But 
       what will it take to win over the viewers and, of course, the 
       notoriously picky panel of judges?
       
       Comedy actor Miranda Hart, 2009 runner-up Paddy McGuinness and 
       model and presenter Kelly Brook cast an eye over proceedings, and 
       viewers can expect a wide variety of dance classics attempted by 
       the likes of Shappi Khorsandi and a team of champion boxers 
       including current super middleweight world champion Carl Froch.
       
       As well as the celebrity performances, there is an exclusive 
       performance from pop sensation Gabriella Cilmi, and Priscilla Queen 
       of the Desert is in the studio with another fabulously flamboyant 
       number from the hit West End musical.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai