Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
UK Truck Simulator / Excalibur Publishing

RELEASE DATE : 23-02-2010           PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : Strategy             DISKS      : 1 CD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.



twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Hit the road in UK Truck Simulator! Using a network of
motorways and major trunk routes you will gain unbridled
access to 18 of the UKs largest cities!

From the granite city of Aberdeen in the north to the rolling
green hills of the South Hams heading towards historic
Plymouth where Sir Francis Drake played his famous game of
bowls whilst awaiting the invasion of the Spanish Armada.

Experiencing the life of a UK haulage contractor you can visit
all the major cities of the UK. You will need to make sure you
make your deliveries on time, keep your truck in good repair
and check your fuel consumption. Build up your business and
upgrade your truck to keep your business running efficiently
and profitably. Watch out for traffic violations as they will
be deducted from your earnings, and you know how expensive
that can be!

You start the game as an employee of a cargo transportation
company. You will be assigned a lorry and you will be given
instructions on what to do next. Every time you finish your
delivery your employer will automatically plan and assign a
new job for you. Later in the game you may get the opportunity
to change your employer, which may improve your working terms
a little, but generally you will still be following orders.

While employment certainly has its advantages - paid expenses,
no need for burdening yourself with delivery planning, free
lorry at your disposal - its only a starting point. Once
youve built up some money you can buy yourself your own
lorry. After a time you will probably realize that your
professional development has ground to a halt - you will not
be gaining any more reputation, you will be driving around the
same places all the time and the reward for the work could
have been higher - and that you could be doing much better
working for yourself! At that point, once you buy yourself a
lorry, you will become an independent driver who will be
making his own fortune in the trucking world. It will take
some courage to go it alone, but it will be well worth it!

Going independent will open up a whole new world to you. You
will be able to buy garages across the country, fill them with
lorries and even start up your own transportation company! As
you grow and expand, you will attract more and more logistics
companies which will want to work with you. In time you may
build the biggest transportation company in the UK or you may
go bankrupt! That will be up to you...

The road network in UK Truck Simulator is based on UK roads
and cities. All trucks use highly realistic, meticulously
detailed models.

The truck interiors of UK Truck Simulator are as equally
impressive as the exteriors. With actual working instruments
such as flashing indicators, temperature and low fuel warning
lights, wipers, and naturally - a full set of gauges
including speedometer - all built into the interior 3D model
UK Truck Simulator, just like our previous best selling title
Euro Truck Simulator, offers a truly immersive simulation
environment. The player can pan around the cabin, just as if
they were actually sitting at the wheel.

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]