Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Y.M.C.A." is a 1978 song by the Village People which became a hit in January 1979. The song reached #2 on the U.S. charts in early 1979 and reached No.1 in the UK around the same time, becoming the group's biggest hit ever. Taking the song at face value, its lyrics extol the virtues of the Young Men's Christian Association. In the gay culture from which the group sprang, the song was implicitly understood as celebrating the YMCA's reputation as a popular cruising and hookup spot, particularly for the younger gay men to whom it was addressed. However, Victor Willis, Village People lead singer of the song, as well as writer of the lyrics, has clarified the record and insist that he did not write YMCA as a gay anthem (Willis was one of the few members of the group that was straight). Rather, Willis said he wrote YMCA as a reflection of young urban black youth's fun at the YMCA such as basketball and swimming, etc. That said, Willis has also acknowledged his knack for double entendre writings. Interestingly, Willis also revealed that he wrote the song in Vancouver British Columbia.

In any event, the song continues to remain popular and is played at almost every sports event in the USA. It is frequently played during breaks in the action at sporting events with crowds using the dance as an opportunity to stretch.[citation needed] Moreover, the song also remains particularly popular due to its status as a disco classic and gay anthem, even among listeners who are otherwise uninvolved in disco or gay culture. It is also known to be a favorite in school dances. A popular dance in which the arms are used to spell out the four letters of the song's title may have much to do with this. "Y.M.C.A." is number 7 on VH1's list of The 100 Greatest Dance Songs of the 20th Century.

Since Village People was simply a concept group with most of the group's hits being recorded solely by Victor Willis with use of professional background singers, "YMCA" was no exception. The song was recorded with Victor Willis on lead with his voice also being heavily dubbed in the background. Professional background singers were utilized to back Willis' powerful vocals with other group member voices being consumed by the professional background singers extensive dubs. The song, played in the key of F-sharp major, begins with a brass riff, backed by the constant pulse that typified disco. Many different instruments are used throughout for an overall orchestral feel, another disco convention, but it is brass that stands out.

"Y.M.C.A."'s other distinctive element is its vocal line, with its repeated "Young man!" ecphonesis, created with use of Willis' vocals repeatedly dubbed with use of professional background singers. Willis then sings "there's no need to feel down, I said young man.." as the same background joins him once again on "Young man." The last line of every verse, repeats the same background line, leading into five sudden bursts of sound followed by the "It's fun to stay at the YMCA" chorus.

Executive producer Henri Belolo recalls that he saw the YMCA sign while walking down the street with composer Jacques Morali, who seemed to know the institution fairly well: "Henri, let me tell you something. This is a place where a lot of people go when they are in town. And they get good friends and they go out." And Henri got the idea: "Why don't we write a song about it?" However, Victor Willis recently clarified that Jacques Morali simply asked him, Willis, to write a song about the YMCA after Morali asked Willis to explain to him, Morali, what exactly is that YMCA he walks by from time to time.

The song became a number one hit in many places (notably not in the United States where it lost to Rod Stewart's "Da Ya Think I'm Sexy?"). It has remained popular at parties, events, and functions ever since.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

