Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 50 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can't continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)



This torrent version of this title is the 16:9 wide-screen version and contains hard-coded English subtitles. Along with the main 5.1 Dolby Digital audio track, I've also included the optional second audio track with the Director's Commentary (selectable within whatever media player you use). I have also included all the bonus features in the "Extras" folder. The extras include: 1) Candela music video in Amsterdam; 2) Alberto Korda's Photographs (the extended segment not featured in the main film); 3) Interview with Juan de Marcos; 4) Cien Fuegos Tiene Su Guaguanco video from Egrem Studios; and 5) Official Movie Trailer.

From AllMovie:
Wim Wenders' documentary Buena Vista Social Club is about the adventures of Ry Cooder in Cuba. Cooder, best remembered by film fans for the wailing slide guitar theme of Wenders' Paris, Texas, went to Cuba in 1996 to meet with some legendary 'soneros' musicians of the '30s, '40s and '50s. The result was the album Buena Vista Social Club, recorded with such colorful characters as the 90-year-old singer/guitarist Compay Segundo, guitarist Eliades Ochoa, baritone Ibrahim Ferrer and Omara Portuondo, "the Cuban Edith Piaf." The album won a Grammy, and in this refreshing documentary, Wim Wenders shows these exceptional musicians in their hometown, following them into their usual hang-outs -- the cafes, clubs and even living rooms -- as well as to concerts in Amsterdam and New York's Carnegie Hall, capturing their incredible vitality. "In Cuba, music flows like a river," according to Ry Cooder, who adds "Music is like a treasure hunt; you dig and dig and sometimes find something." Pursuing this metaphor, Wenders wanted to make a film that would "just float on this river ... not interfering with it, just drifting along." The result is a film full of vitality and positive energy, which is also an absolute delight to musical ears. 



More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/

