 http://bayimg.com/faplbaacH

It Lives Again (1978) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077756/

DUAL AUDIO TRACKS
TRACK 1 RUSSIAN
TRACK 2 ENGLISH

  Frederic Forrest  ...  Eugene Scott  
  Kathleen Lloyd  ...  Jody Scott  
  John P. Ryan  ...  Frank Davis  
  John Marley  ...  Mr. Mallory  
  Andrew Duggan  ...  Dr. Perry  
  Eddie Constantine  ...  Dr. Forrest  
  James Dixon  ...  Detective Perkins  
  Dennis O'Flaherty  ...  Dr. Peters  
  Melissa Inger  ...  Valerie  
  Jill Gatsby  ...  Cindy  
  Bobby Ramsen  ...  Dr. Sando da Silva  
  Glenda Young  ...  Lydia  
  Lynn Wood  ...  Jody's Mother 

Frank Davis turns up at the baby shower of Eugene and Jody Scott, come to warn them that they are about to give birth to another of the mutant babies. A government security detail led by the ruthlessly determined Mallory is seeking to exterminate all the babies but Davis belongs to an enclave of scientists who are trying to protect the babies, seeing them as the next step up the human evolutionary ladder. Davis and the Scotts flee and go on the run from Mallory’s team, just as Jody gives birth to her killer baby.

It Lives Again was the first of his sequels to Larry Cohen’s low budget cult hit It’s Alive (1974). Under the always inventive Cohen’s hand, It Lives Again is one of those few occasions when a sequel expands upon the themes of its predecessor rather than merely parrots what has gone before.

The climax of It’s Alive featured an astonishing reversal where Frank Davis suddenly discovered his fathering urge and made the sudden decision to protect his mutant killer child from its slayers. In It Lives Again that ending has been vastly elaborated, turning Davis into a militant underground Right-to-Life advocate, making astonishingly heartfelt pleas to protect the children against their pursuers. (In an equally striking move, Cohen turns his Herod into not just a faceless killer and supplies John Marley’s nemesis with a remarkable monologue where he gets to explain his motivation as a result of his wife having been slaughtered by the babies). Added to the heady mix is a movement of scientists protecting the babies because they believe them the next step up the evolutionary ladder. The film has a thematic richness and uniqueness that weaves back into and mirrors the original – at the climax of this film, father Frederic Forrest is placed in the same position as John P. Ryan in the first film, of finally being convinced of his own fathering instinct, but is then handed the on-the-spot choice of what to do – shoot the baby or let it rip open John Marley’s throat.

