. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                Heavy.Metal.Britannia.2010.DOCU.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.03.07
              Genre...........: Documentary

       Nigel Planer narrates a documentary which traces the origins and 
       development of British heavy metal from its humble beginnings in 
       the industrialised Midlands to its proud international triumph.
       
       In the late 60s a number of British bands were forging a new kind 
       of sound. Known as hard rock, it was loud, tough, energetic and 
       sometimes dark in outlook. They didn't know it, but Deep Purple, 
       Uriah Heep and, most significantly, Black Sabbath were defining 
       what first became heavy rock and then eventually heavy metal.
       
       Inspired by blues rock, progressive rock, classical music and high 
       energy American rock, they synthesised the sound that would 
       inspire bands like Judas Priest to take metal even further during 
       the 70s.
       
       By the 80s its originators had fallen foul of punk rock, creative 
       stasis or drug and alcohol abuse. But a new wave of British heavy 
       metal was ready to take up the crusade. With the success of bands 
       like Iron Maiden, it went global.
       
       Contributors include Lemmy, Sabbath's Tony Iommi, Ian Gillan from 
       Deep Purple, Judas Priest singer Rob Halford, Bruce Dickinson from 
       Iron Maiden and Saxon's Biff Byford.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai