Captain Britain (Brian Braddock), briefly known as Britannic, was initially intended to be a British equivalent of Captain America.  Endowed with extraordinary powers by the legendary magician Merlyn and his daughter Roma, Captain Britain was assigned to uphold the laws of Britain.  The character has been used in stories through the years by many people, most notably Chris Claremont, Alan Davis, and Alan Moore.

The character was created by writer Chris Claremont and artist Herb Trimpe and originally appeared in Captain Britain Weekly, a British anthology comic that also included reprinted material featuring other Marvel Comics characters (such as Nick Fury and the Fantastic Four).  Chris Claremont left the series after just ten issues, midway through the 'Doctor Synne' storyline, and has since stated that this was because his view of the character and series was very different to that of the editor.

In 1978, though, Chris Claremont revisited the character and introduced him to an international audience, fully integrating him into the Marvel Universe via a story that starred Captain Britain and Spider-Man.  Initially published as a black & white story in the UK's Super Spider-Man & Captain Britain comic, this was then coloured and reprinted in an American title, Marvel's long-running Marvel Team-Up series.

After the cancellation of Super Spider-Man & Captain Britain, Captain Britain appeared with the Black Knight in the "Otherworld Saga" which ran in Hulk Comic.

Captain Britain subsequently appeared, in a minor role, in another Marvel comic, 1982's Contest of Champions limited series, which featured a collection of international heroes.

The character was later relaunched, in a redesigned costume, in the Marvel Superheroes anthology title. The relaunch was initially written by Dave Thorpe and illustrated by Alan Davis, but after a few issues Dave Thorpe left the series and was replaced by British writer Alan Moore, who used Thorpe's stories as a springboard for the "Jaspers' Warp" storyline.  During this run, the series moved from Marvel Superheroes into a new monthly comic, The Daredevils.  When The Daredevils was cancelled after eleven issues Captain Britain was continued in another existing title, The Mighty World of Marvel - and then, after the end of Alan Moore's run, who left because of a dispute over unpaid invoices, it continued for a few more issues with different writers (Steve Craddock, Alan Davis and Mike Collins) until the comics ended and the story moved to a new monthly Captain Britain title with Jamie Delano taking over writing duties on the recommendation of Moore and with the agreement of Davis.

Following the cancellation of Captain Britain's solo series, Claremont and Davis launched the American monthly Excalibur in 1988, featuring an eponymous team which included Captain Britain, with Braddock as a core member.  The series ran for 125 issues until 1998.

New Excalibur was introduced in 2005, with Captain Britain as team leader.  This series ran until issue #24 and the team was disbanded in the X-Men: Die by the Sword limited series.

A new series was then started in 2008, using the Secret Invasion crossover storyline as a launchpad.  Captain Britain and MI: 13, written by Paul Cornell and included characters from New Excalibur, as well as members of MI: 13 who appeared in Cornell's Wisdom limited series.

Captain Britain most recent appearances have been in Deadpool Team-Up #893 and Age of Heroes #1 where he was offered membership to The Avengers by Captain America.


Released on  http://ComicPirates.info