SACH004

                            
                              PROUDLY PRESENTS


                 Do.Knot.Disturb.2009.1.CD.Cam.Rip.XviD


Container: Avi
Rip Size: 1 CD

Resolution: 640*272
Run Time: 1 hour 51 mins
Video Codec: Xvid

Audio Format: MP3
Subtitles: None


                               DO KNOT DISTURB



‘Do Knot Disturb’ is a laugh riot. Director David Dhawan again tried to carry withthe fun quotient with his all time favorite Govinda but something gone missing. Funny dialogues, jokes everything persists but laughter fail to persevere throughout.  It was Govinda’s comeback film with David Dhawan but they fail to create the same magic. The plot resemblance to his earlier flicks like Saajan Chale Sasural, Gharwali Baharwali and Biwi No.1 but not very much satisfying. The film fails to continue the hit record of the past.


Jokes and funny characters are not enough to hook you to your seat. There is no novelty in the script but just an ordinary plot. As the film proceeds, you will feel that it has a resemblance with various past scripts. David Dhawan is a master of laughter films but this time due to lack of uniqueness and strong plot, he sounds dull. The film has a bunch of promising star casts like Govinda, Sushmita Sen, Lara Dutta, Riteish Deshmukh, all of them have given their best but what one can do when the script itself was not enthralling.

‘Do Knot Disturb’ is a story about an extramarital affair of a rich businessman Govinda married to Sushmita Sen, owner of the Saxena Group of industries. Govinda established an extra-marital affair with a supermodel Lara Dutta. When Sushmita sensed something wrong, Govinda to save himself hired a waiter Riteish Deshmukh to act Lara’s boyfriend. Before Sushmita, he pretended to be an ideal husband but at her backside, he dated Lara.

But Sushmita is also a smart lady, she hires a detective Nunnu (Shorey) to catch her husband red-handed. When the truth about her husband gets exposed, she was shattered. What happens next, whether Sush will able to forgive Govinda or their relationship comes to an end is what follows the rest of the story.

Another drawback of the film is the unpleasant music. The music by Nadeem-Shravan was not very ear-soothing. Vijay Arora's cinematography is outstanding. Dialogues by Amit Aryan are excellent.

Speaking about performances, Govinda was as usual superb. Comedy is his department and to comment on his acting will not be logical. Similar is the case with Riteish Deshmukh, he is an in-born comedian and his performance was top-grade. The two ladies Lara Dutta and Sushmita Sen were exceptional though Sushmita got little scope to show her acting as compared to Lara. Both the actresses handled comedy flawlessly and effortlessly.

On the whole, ‘Do Knot Disturb’ will run average at the box office. Cine-goers will go to the theatre with higher expectation but will step out with depressed mood.




SCREENS:- 
http://i633.photobucket.com/albums/uu59/Sach004/i1101613_6.jpg
http://i633.photobucket.com/albums/uu59/Sach004/i1101614_5.jpg
http://i633.photobucket.com/albums/uu59/Sach004/i1101615_3.jpg
http://i633.photobucket.com/albums/uu59/Sach004/i1101616_2.jpg


By-Sach004

My Mail ID-Sahin.Jade28@Gmail.com

Write Your Comments.....

Enjoy..... :D


               GOOD PRINT WILL BE AVALIABLE SOON.......