Instructions within.

With web seed for super fast seeding!


For more NODVDs, Cracks, Mini-images for the latest games out there, visit   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FTL3


Note: All files are scanned with virustotal and verified clean. As long as virustotal shows less than 10/41 suspected means its clean (of a false positive i.e. clean!).
		

Customizability:
	It is possible to change the skin colour during character creation, whenever
	a new character is created.
	All female characters now have several hairstyles to choose from during
	character creation.		
	It is possible to change the carrier imps skin colour during character
	creation.
	Carrier Imp:
	The carrier imp is now available in every game mode.
	Magic Missile:
	Each character that has skilled "ZAUBERSTABKUNDE" is now able to shoot magic
	missiles with staffs.
	This way, Wizards gain a long-range weapon that increases intelligence. The
	attack mode switches back to close combat as soon as the enemy engages in
	close combat.
	Permanent Teleport:
	It is now possible, to teleport to all revealed portals by opening the map
	("m") and clicking on the portal icon. This also works for the last
	soulstone that has been visited.
	New Mounts:
	In the "Ice & Blood" expansion, new mounts like Unicorns and Flamehorses are
	available. 
	There are new unique versions of all special mounts, too.
	Instant casts:
	in this mode, a combat art is cast immediately on the current target
	selected with the mouse, when triggerd by a	shortcut. This mode can be
	activated in the options menu.
	"MEISTERHAND":
	The option, wheter combat arts regenerate the normal way or in a new way is
	now available. If the combat arts	regenerate the normal way, combat arts
	charge their whole aspect making it possible to use a bunch of combat	arts
	from different aspects. The new way charges all spells in all aspekts
	quicker, but is less powerfull.
	
	Character transfer from the closed.net:
	Characters, that have been created in closed.net, can be exported to you
	computer now. This way it is possible, to play you characters offline as
	well as in LAN-sessions.
	New Items:
	A lot of new items for all characters have been implemented into the game in
	addition to an entirely new character, the Dragon Mage.
	New Camera:
	In Sacred: "Ice & Blood", The camera system has been changed to a free
	customizable camera system, that can be adjusted to meet the players needs.