File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Rude Boy" is a song performed by singer Rihanna, and the third single taken from Rated R. It will serve as the second international single, and the third US single. It is written by Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Ester Dean, Makeba Riddick, Rob Swire and Rihanna herself and produced by StarGate. It is co-produced by Rob Swire.

The video was directed by Melina Matsoukas in January 2010. Melina directed Rihanna's 'Hard' video. Rihanna described the video as "completely different from any other video I’ve shot before. A lot of my videos are really dark and edgy and tough. 'Rude Boy' is more playing along the lines from my roots. We used a lot of color, but also the costumes were very Jamaican dance-hall queen type."

On January 24, 2010, "Rude Boy" made its first chart appearance, entering the UK Singles Chart at #52 and the UK R&B Chart at #19, almost a month before the physical release. It entered the UK Singles Chart top 40 at #28 the following week, and peaked at #20 on February 7, reaching #3 on the UK R&B Chart the same day. The song debuted at #99 on the Canadian Hot 100 on January 27, and at #32 on the French Digital Singles Chart the following day. Behind the seens photos were released.

Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna, released November 20, 2009 on Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions for the album took place during March to November 2009 at Milk Studios and Germano Studios in Manhattan, New York, Studios Davout in Paris, France, and Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California. Conceived after Rihanna's assault by her then-boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, Rated R features a foreboding and angry tone, in terms of musical and lyrical direction, and incorporates elements of hip hop, rock, and dubstep.

The album debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 181,000 copies in its first week, making it Rihanna's highest-selling debut in the United States. It became her third consecutive platinum album in the United States and spawned three singles, "Russian Roulette", "Hard", and "Rude Boy", that attained chart success. Upon its release, Rated R received generally positive reviews from most music critics, based on an aggregate score of 76/100 from Metacritic.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 

