Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo except PG logo at beginning.


"All My Friends Say" is the debut single of American country music artist Luke Bryan. Released in February 2007, the single became Bryan's first chart entry, spending more than thirty weeks on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, where it reached a peak of #5. The single also crossed over to the Billboard Hot 100, reaching a peak of #59.

The song is part of the tracklist for Now That's What I Call Country.

The song is an up-tempo, country-rock song, telling of a man who has just woken up after a night of drinking at a bar, unable to remember what he had been doing in the bar, and unaware of how he arrived home. In an attempt to find out what happened, he asks several of his friends, all of whom tell him that he began drinking heavily upon seeing his former lover with another man.

Regarding the song, Bryan has said: "It's one of those songs that people just seem to relate to when they hear it. It's about waking up in a rocking chair somewhere and wondering what in the heck went on the night before. It's about seeing your ex in a bar with someone new... We've all been there and had those kinds of experiences."

Kevin John Coyne, reviewing the song for Country Universe, gave it a B rating. He said the only problem with the song is the production. He then goes on to say that "it tries a little too hard to show 'attitude', and ends up making Bryan’s vocal sound more timid than it actually is."

"All My Friends Say" debuted at #59 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of February 10, 2007. On the Billboard Hot 100 chart for the week of August 18, 2007, the song debuted at #90.

I'll Stay Me is the debut album of American country music artist Luke Bryan. The album was released in the United States on August 14, 2007 on Capitol Records Nashville. Its debut single, "All My Friends Say", reached #5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs  charts in late 2007. "We Rode in Trucks" and "Country Man" have also been released from this album, and have both charted on the country charts. Bryan co-wrote 10 of the 11 songs on the album.

Thomas Luther "Luke" Bryan (born July 17, 1976, in Leesburg, Georgia) is an American country music artist. He debuted in 2007 with the single "All My Friends Say", a Top 5 single on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. His debut album, I'll Stay Me, was released on Capitol Records in 2007. This album also produced chart singles in "We Rode in Trucks" and "Country Man". In addition to his own material, Bryan wrote Billy Currington's 2007 Number One hit "Good Directions." A fourth single, "Do I", charted in early 2009 as the first single for his second album, Doin' My Thing. The album's second single, "Rain Is a Good Thing", has become Bryan's first #1 hit on the Hot Country Songs chart.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/