Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Love Come Down" is a song by Diddy and his formed group Dirty Money released as second single from Last Train to Paris on November 3, 2009 through Bad Boy Records.

The official remix was leaked November 20th. It features Jim Jones, Fabolous & Red Cafe.

The chorus samples a line, "Show 'em how to move in a room full 'o vultures" from Jay-Z's "Izzo (H.O.V.A.)".

The video features Beat Freaks, an all-girl dance crew and runner-up of MTV's America's Best Dance Crew Season 3.

Last Train to Paris is the upcoming fifth solo concept-studio album by American rapper Diddy and is scheduled to be released in 2010 on Interscope Records. In April 2009, with Dawn Richard of Danity Kane and singer Kalenna, Diddy formed the group Dirty Money, which will perform on this album.

Diddy describes Last Train to Paris as an "electro-hip-hop-soul funk" album. The arc will follow Diddy's character as he tours from London to Paris and finds the woman of his dreams - only to lose her, find her, lose her again and find her a final time.[5] Under the group name Dirty Money, Diddy will work with Dawn Richard of Danity Kane and another singer/writer named Kalenna Harper . Diddy also released an application for the iPhone that integrates his social networking site and Twitter feed. A short film will also accompany the album. As of September 2nd 2009, "Love Come Down", which samples "Izzo (H.O.V.A.)" by Jay-Z, and "Angels", the lead single, which features Notorious B.I.G. and a sample from "Where I'm From", also by Jay-Z, are the only confirmed tracks on the album.

"Love Come Down" was released as second single on November 3, 2009. The music video was directed by Dale "Rage" Resteghini.

Sean John Combs (born Harlem, NY November 4, 1969), known by his stage name Diddy, is an American record producer, rapper, actor, men's fashion designer, entrepreneur and dancer. He won three Grammy Awards and two MTV Video Music Awards, and his clothing line earned a Council of Fashion Designers of America award.

He was originally known as Puff Daddy and then as P. Diddy (Puff and Puffy being often used as a nickname, but never as recording names). In August 2005, he changed his stage name to "Diddy". He continues to use the name P. Diddy in New Zealand and the United Kingdom, the latter after a legal battle with another artist, Richard "Diddy" Dearlove. In June 2008 Combs' representative denied rumors of another name change.

His business interests under the umbrella of Bad Boy Entertainment Worldwide include Bad Boy Records; the clothing lines Sean John; Sean by Sean Combs, a movie production company; and two restaurants. He has taken the roles of recording executive, performer, producer of MTV's Making the Band, writer, arranger, clothing designer, and Broadway actor.

Combs is one of the richest hip-hop performers, having a net worth estimated at US $346 million in 2006. He was portrayed by Derek Luke in the biopic of The Notorious B.I.G. called Notorious.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/



