Mega Man X Command Mission for the Ps2                        Rel. 11/21/2004
                       

Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang:          English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre:         RPG
Rating:        E (Everyone)
Dev. By:       Capcom
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2, or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with WinRar, game was tested and works.

Try 7zip its free google it, if don't have WinRar.

People your gonna like this game in my opinion is the best Mega Man game in all the series. Awesome Anime-like graphics, great cel-shading, and a good RPG style makes this a true classic for the Ps2.
 
(You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
        
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
        
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
       
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
       
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

You will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with 

ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

Mega Man X Command Mission takes the blue bomber franchise in a whole new direction by introducing it to the role playing game (RPG) genre and producing an exciting new title set within the Mega Man X universe. With fundamental Mega Man characteristics, cel-shaded characters and true 3-D stylized environments, Mega Man X Command Mission is sure to please fans and gamers new to the franchise.

In Mega Man X Command Mission, Mega Man must infiltrate Giga City Island to thwart the evil plans of the Liberion Army who have initiated a riot on the isle. By choosing from a selection of seven different playable characters, gamers can construct a three-member attack force using Mega Man, Zero, Axl, or characters new to the Mega Man universe, to help bring peace to the region once and for all. It is up to gamers, to create a dream team of Mega Man’s allies and reploid friends to stop the destructive battle that has begun to wage itself on Giga City Island. 

Mega Man X Command Mission features exciting action RPG-style combat and a revolutionary "Cross Order System" that allows flawless execution of special and finishing attack moves on enemies. Character building will be a crucial aspect of the game. Using super-energy metals called “Force Metals,” weapons, abilities and attack moves can be upgraded, vastly improving the overall performance of characters. 

Features: 

* The first RPG in the Mega Man universe – Mega Man X Command Mission features
  role playing game (RPG) style combat and action elements to create a unique 
  blue bomber experience. 

* An all-star cast – Mega Man will not be alone in his fight. Joining him will be
  Axl and Zero, as well as a cast of characters new to the Mega Man Universe.

* New heroes join the Mega Man series, each with their own unique ability or 
  weapon: Cinnamon has healing abilities, Marino specializes in ninja tactics,
  Masimo wields an ax, and Spider carries playing cards.

* “Cross Order System” – This new system interface displays the turn order and
  health. With a little luck,    gamers can steal the enemy’s energy and finish   
  them with a deadly “final strike” attack combo. 


Game Pics included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Best to burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim Or use Tayio Yuden DVD+R or DVD-R Media for best quality.

Using any other media might not work at all.

If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.


Enjoy!