Freestyle XBOX 360 Dashboard
-------------------------

2010/02/16
Create by axc97c
version 1.09

-------------------------

I suggest doing a "Get Data For All Games" and doing all games not just 
incomplete ones when upgrading to this version.

Features
--------

FTP Support.
List XBOX 360, XBOX Live, Application and Emulators, and launch them.
Support for artwork for each title, including boxart, screenshots and icon.
Use pc to download artwork to xbox either via usb drive or ftp.
Browse games by genre.
Favourite games support.
Game details including no of players, resolution, sound and online options,
Fullscreen screenshot viewer.
Fully skinable.
Uses indexer to allow you to download artwork, and edit the metadata with
each game.
Customizable overscan.
Source code released too.
FTP speeds now 10Mb+ to internal HDD.
FTP working in many more clients (see FTP info section).
Copy DVD to USB drive or HDD. 
View recently played games.
Preview video for each game.
Sounds within user interface.
View free disk space on all drives.
Date and Time in dashboard.
Background Artwork.
Add images manually using indexer.
File Browser including copying, moving and deleting files.

Installation
------------

Copy the "freestyle" folder onto either the root directory of the usb hard drive or
xbox hard drive and launch however you like. It will work in any directory, but 
ive only provided launch isos and packages to boot from these locations.

Ive included several launch options for this release in the launch dir of the release

freestyle-usb.iso - cd image to boot freestyle from usb0:freestylefreestyledash.xex
freestyle-hdd.iso - cd image to boot freestyle from hdd1:freestylefreestyledash.xex

freestyle-usb - package to boot freestyle from usb0:freestylefreestyledash.xex
freestyle-hdd - package to boot freestyle from hdd1:freestylefreestyledash.xex

To use the iso files, burn em to a disc and boot it. To use the package files so you 
get an item on the ms dash copy the one you need to 
Content 000000000000000C0DE9999 0007000 on your xbox hard drive.

FTP
---

To make ftp work with all clients, you need to exit the config.xml file in
the fsdata folder and set the xboxip field.

Other Notes
-----------

When first launching, you will be asked if you want the dashboard data
storing on the usb drive or xbox hdd. If you choose usb, you can run the
indexer with the drive connected to a pc, or via ftp while its still
connected to the xbox. If you use the internal xbox drive, you can still
run the indexer on the xbox via ftp.

Artwork wise, i have hosted all the icons i have available, so if any are
missing let me know which. For the boxart and screenshots, the indexer 
uses the xbox marketplace for most content. Games that arent listed use
an alternate url for the main xbox site, but these need to be added manually
so some may be missing. The file for this is automatically updated so
if games have no info you can either wait for me to add them to the list or
edit the altgames.xml file yourself.

When the dash first scans your content, it takes a while as it extracts any
icons etc it finds. This is all cached though so subsequent launches of the
dashboard are quick.

The first run of the indexer will take quite some time, as it has got a lot
of artwork to get, so please be patient with it.

Video Preview support
---------------------

Plays preview.wmv from the games artwork folder. Larger files seem to crash the
XUI video player, so keep em to a few Mb. In the main skin, the res of the video 
object it 354x200. Not sure what to do regarding the indexer and the video files,
they would require quite a bit of bandwidth to host if we started creating a collection
for everyone to download, so im open to suggestions.
At the the moment, some files play and some crash. I have no idea what the cause is
for this, prehaps someone can do some testing? All 3 sample wmv files with the XDK 
play properly, and the 720p HD wmv samples from microsofts site done.

Fonts
-----

The dash will look for a file called fonts.xml in your skin folder. The file contains the
typeface names and filenames that will be loaded for use in the skin. 

An example file is as follows:



	
	


To load the font "skinNXE (List)BRLNSR.TTF" as "Berlin Sans FB"
and "skinNXE (List)CONSTAN.TTF" as "Constantia"

The fonts filename and name should be the same as you set up in the XUI Tool.

Future of Freestyle Dash
------------------------

I no longer have to time to continue development of this dashboard. I may have time for
the odd fix, but for it to continue to develop someone needs to set up a svn and project
page and get the community developing it further. I have included the full source code
to everything to build the dash and indexer, but if ive missed anything please let 
me know.

Thanks
------

Thanks to [coz] & Jeff, and the xedev team for the code for launching XBLA containers.
Thanks to dstruktiv for sending me the code.
Thanks to all feedback from 360 dashit indexer users, as this is what that
project has turned into.
Thanks to hfmls and ACharmedMatrix for beta testing some new stuff

History
-------

v1.09	Dont download artwork thats already on the hdd
		Support for foreign characters
		Fixed black screen at startup
		No skin changes so 1.08 skins will work ok