 http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

The Black Crowes are an American rock and roll band that has sold over 20 million albums. They were hailed by Melody Maker as "The Most Rock 'n' Roll Rock 'n' Roll Band in the World". In 1990, the readers of Rolling Stone voted them 'Best New American Band'. The band has opened for some of the biggest names in rock and roll history, including Heart, Robert Plant, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, and The Grateful Dead. The Crowes are listed at #92 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock".

The Crowes released their first studio album, Shake Your Money Maker, in 1990. On the strength of singles "Hard to Handle", "She Talks to Angels", "Jealous Again", "Twice as Hard", "Sister Luck", and "Seeing Things", their debut album received multi-platinum certification and eventually sold over three million copies. The band's cover of Otis Redding's "Hard to Handle" and their acoustic ballad "She Talks to Angels" both broke the Top 30 on the pop charts in 1991. The Black Crowes pumped up their sales by opening for ZZ Top on a tour sponsored by Miller Beer, from which they were fired in March 1991 after Chris Robinson sarcastically remarked about commercialism on stage. The Crowes launched their own tour that May and later took part in a Monsters of Rock tour in the Soviet Union. 
After replacing guitarist Jeff Cease with Marc Ford from retro-rock power trio Burning Tree, the Crowes released their second album The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion in 1992. The record debuted at #1 on Billboard's top 200 albums. The title is a tribute to the shape note anthology of the same name that has been sung annually at The Big Singing in Benton, Kentucky, since 1884. The effort spawned the singles "Remedy", "Sting Me", "Sometimes Salvation" and "Hotel Illness". "Remedy" and "Thorn In My Pride" both broke the Top 100 in 1992. 
Because of the prevalence of studio musician Chuck Leavell's piano and organ parts on the first release, the band recruited a keyboardist of their own, Eddie Harsch, to play on the album. He became a permanent member of the group beginning on the "High As the Moon" tour. He has since been fired.
In 1994 the now six-piece offered up Amorica after scrapping the unreleased album Tall the previous year. Though Amorica failed to produce a hit single, the album still eventually reached "Gold" status, selling over 500,000 copies. Controversially, the album cover featured a photo showing a woman's pubic hair. As some stores would not carry the album due to the cover, an alternate version was released simultaneously with a solid black background. While on tour to support Amorica, The Black Crowes opened for the Grateful Dead in Tampa on April 7, 1995, the only time the two bands performed together.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Black_Crowes

