
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/medal-of-honor-limited-edition-trivium
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/crack-only/medal-of-honor-2010-limited-edition-working-crack



Medal of Honor: Limited Edition (c) EA    
               *MULTi 3*          
                                         
RELEASE DATE ................ : 10/2010        
RELEASE SiZE .................. : 1 rar        
PROTECTiON ....... : Securom 08.02.0010      
LANGUAGE ....... : RU/EN/PL

Minimum system requirements::
OS: Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7
Processor: Pentium D 3.0GHz / Core 2 Duo 2.0GHz / Athlon X2
Memory: 2GB
Graphics: GeForce 7800 GT / ATI X1900
Graphics Memory: 256MB

RELEASE NOTES
Medal of Honor is a first-person shooter from the makers
of Battlefield Bad Company 2 that redefines the genre.  
For shooter fans and modern military enthusiasts, Medal
of Honor is a way to experience today's authentic warfare,
because unlike anywhere else in the world of video games,
Medal of Honor can deliver intense modern warfare gameplay
inspired by the actions of the elite Tier 1 Operators  
currently active in the military. Features include access
to Tier 1 Ops and Army Ranger storylines, realistic      
weaponry and large-scale online multiplayer.    

Limited Edition Extras      

Offered at the same price as the standard game, in    
addition to the game disc, the Medal of Honor Limited  
Edition also contains several extras. These include:    

- Early access to the Battlefield 3 beta.            
- The MP7 - Available exclusively via the Limited Edition,
the MP7 is a weapon utilized by Tier 1 Operators in the
field. With its light weight, high rate of fire as well
as its ability to penetrate body armor, the MP7 handles
like a pistol yet allows targets to be engaged like a
rifle.              
- Instant access to the TOZ194 and 870MCS, two devastating
shotguns designed for close quarters combat.      
- Exclusive Special Ops Skin - Change your look on the
battlefield to prepare for any engagement that comes
your way.                                  

Multiplayer                                          

Developed by the world-class team at DICE (makers of    
Battlefield Bad Company 2) the fast-paced multiplayer    
combat packed into Medal of Honor delivers the perfect mix
of tactical warfare and all-out action. 2-24 players are
supported in online modes.                              

Features:                                                

- Fight Today's War - Elite Special Forces in a gritty  
combat campaign using the surgical tactics of Tier 1
Operators combined with the sledgehammer force of    
Army Rangers                                      
- Unparalleled Authenticity - Intense story with      
incredible pacing and variety set in the rugged      
Afghanistan landscape, creating a shooter experience  
only available from the storied Medal of Honor      
franchise                                        
- Balanced Gameplay - Developed by the world-class    
team at DICE (makers of Battlefield Bad Company 2)  
the game's fast paced combat delivers the perfect    
mix of tactical warfare and all-out action          
- Online Multiplayer Redefined - The game supports up  
to 24 players in online multiplayer modes        
- A Deep Single Player Campaign - In addition to      
multiplayer the game features a deep single player  
campaign in which players guide the storyline of    
multiple Tier 1 operators, as well as an Army Ranger

iNSTALL NOTES

- Unpack                                  
- Use our keygen to generate key        
- Install the game                            
- Copy the cracked content from the TRiViUM folder
- Enjoy                  

