Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"A Little More Country Than That" is the title of a country music song written by Joey + Rory's Rory Lee Feek, Wynn Varble, and Don Poythress, and recorded by American country artist Easton Corbin. It was released in July 2009 as Corbin's debut single, and will serve as the lead-off single to his self-titled debut album.

A music video was released for the song in September 2009. Directed by Stephen Shepherd, it depicts Corbin singing and playing guitar in rural areas, as well as scenes of him singing in front of a bonfire at a party.

"A Little More Country Than That" is a mid-tempo song featuring accompaniment from acoustic guitar and electric guitar, with fiddle and steel guitar fills. In it, the male narrator lists off various rural themes such as "catching channel cat," each time saying that he is "a little more country than that."

    I just want to make sure you know who you're getting under this old hat
    Cause girl I'm not the kind to two-time or play games behind your back
    I'm a little more country than that 

Karlie Justus of The 9513 gave the song a positive review, comparing Corbin's vocals to those of George Strait, and also saying that the song had "organic phrases" and a traditionally country sound. Matt Bjorke of Roughstock also gave a favorable review, saying that it was "refreshing" to hear Corbin's neotraditionalist country influences.

"A Little More Country Than That" debuted at #56 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the chart week of August 22, 2009. It also debuted at #100 on the Billboard Hot 100 on the week ending January 23, 2010.

Easton Corbin (born in Trenton, Florida) is an American country music singer. He signed to Mercury Records Nashville in 2009 and released his debut single, "A Little More Country Than That", to radio in June of the same year. Corbin has charted in the country Top 20 with this song.

Easton Corbin, 27 is a native of Trenton, Florida. He lived on his grandparents' farm following his parents' divorce, and was introduced to country music-themed television programs such as Hee Haw. After taking guitar lessons from session musician Pee Wee Melton at age fifteen, Corbin joined a band, which won an opening slot at a music festival, followed by opening slots for Janie Fricke and Mel McDaniel.

Corbin later attended University of Florida and earned a business degree, before marrying his wife, Briann, in 2006. He and Briann then moved to Nashville, Tennessee in 2006, where he worked at an Ace Hardware store and performed at writer's nights. A distant cousin who is a profressor of music management, recommended Corbin to contacts in Nashville, Tennessee. Joe Fisher, senior director of A&R at Universal Music Group Nashville, signed Corbin to the Mercury Nashville label in 2009. He released his debut single, "A Little More Country Than That", in July of that same year. Rory Lee Feek of Joey + Rory wrote the song with Don Poythress and Wynn Varble. The label released a four-song digital extended play entitled A Little More Country Than That on August 18, 2009, shortly before the single entered Top 40 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

