NEW YORK (AP) - Students are using a new ring tone to receive messages in class — and many teachers can’t even hear the ring.
Some students are downloading a ring tone off the Internet that is too high-pitched to be heard by most adults. With it, high schoolers can receive text message alerts on their cell phones without the teacher knowing.
As people age, many develop what’s known as aging ear — a loss of the ability to hear higher-frequency sounds.
The ring tone is a spin-off of technology that was originally meant to repel teenagers — not help them. A Welsh security company developed the tone to help shopkeepers disperse young people loitering in front of their stores while leaving adults unaffected. The company called their product the “Mosquito.”
Donna Lewis, a teacher in Manhattan, says her colleague played the ring for a classroom of first-graders — and all of them could hear it, while the adults couldn’t hear anything.

Install Ringtones From Your Computer

Step 1

Download ringtone to your computer.

Step 2

Connect your phone to your computer using the data cable that is supplied with the phone. After-market data cables are also available for purchase.

Step 3

Sync your phone to your computer but you'll need mobile phone pc management software like Nokia PC Suite, Motorola Phone Tools, BitPim (CDMA phone data management free software)  that will recognize your phone and handle the file transfer.

Just run the software, and with the plug in place you'll see a list of the existing photos, ring tones, or videos currently on your cell phone.

Choose the folder on your PC that contains the files you want to move, select the files (or folders) and transfer them over to your cell phone. You can also use these software to transfer photos or ringtones from your cell phone to your computer. Consult your user's manual for additional instructions specific to your brand and model.

Step 4

Disconnect your phone from your computer. You may have to trash (apple)/safely remove (PC) the device first to disconnect properly.
