Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Two Hearts Beat as One" is a song by rock band U2. It is the seventh track on their 1983 album, War, and was released as the album's second single in the US, UK and Australia.

"Two Hearts Beat as One" features a propulsive bassline by Adam Clayton and achieved moderate success as a single in the UK and with album oriented rock airplay in the U.S.

The music video for the song was filmed on Montmartre in Paris in March 1983 and portrays the band performing the song, intercut with scenes of an acrobat and other scenes featuring Peter Rowan. Unlike the other videos from the album, it has never been included on any of the band's video compilations.

It was released as the album's second single in the US, UK and Australia, as opposed to "Sunday Bloody Sunday", which was released only in the mainland of Europe. Both singles were released in Japan.

The song was first played in concert on 26 February 1983 at the first show of the War Tour  and was played at almost all concerts on that tour. On the second leg of the War Tour, "Two Hearts Beat as One" began to follow "Surrender" and the two songs segued together. This transition survived to the Unforgettable Fire Tour. However, on the third leg of the Unforgettable Fire Tour, "Two Hearts Beat as One" was separated from "Surrender" and it was played less frequently. Its last tour appearance on 29 April 1985 in Atlanta. It has made only one subsequent appearance: it was performed in the encore at a Lovetown Tour concert on 27 December 1989, in the Point Depot, Dublin.

A live performance of the song at Red Rocks Amphitheatre appears on the DVD release of the concert film Live at Red Rocks: Under a Blood Red Sky.

War is the third studio album by Irish rock band U2, released on February 28, 1983 (1983-02-28). The album has come to be regarded as U2's first overtly political album, in part because of songs like "Sunday Bloody Sunday", "New Year's Day", as well as the title, which stems from the band's perception of the world at the time; Bono stated that "war seemed to be the motif for 1982."

While the central themes of their earlier albums Boy and October focused on adolescence and spirituality, respectively, War focused on both the physical aspects of warfare, and the emotional aftereffects. The album has been described as the record where the band "turned pacifism itself into a crusade."

War was a commercial success for the band, knocking Michael Jackson's Thriller from the top of the charts to become the band's first #1 album in the UK. It reached #12 in the U.S. and became their first Gold selling album there. In 2003, the album was ranked number 221 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/