Star Wars The Clone Wars Republic Heroes-Razor1911

Star Wars® The Clone Wars™: Republic Heroes™ lets Star Wars
 fans young and old live out the sweeping galactic adventures of
 the Clone Wars. For the first time ever, players can fight as their
 favorite Jedi and clone troopers from the preeminent animated
television series — from familiar faces like Anakin Skywalker to
new heroes like Clone Captain Rex. A brand-new storyline, which
 bridges the gap between season one and two, takes the player
on a multi-faceted adventure to stop a mysterious techno
assassin’s destructive plot. Built around two-player cooperative
 action, the accessible controls and family-friendly gameplay bring
 Star Wars fans across generations together like never before to
fight the evil Separatists and restore peace to the galaxy.

Features:

    * Experience an all-new and exciting Clone Wars storyline that
bridges the gap between season one and two of the TV series as
you learn more about the mysterious bounty hunter Cad Bane

 and hunt down the all-new Skakoan super villain Kul Teska
    * Play as your favorite Jedi heroes including Anakin Skywalker,
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Ahsoka Tano, Mace Windu, and Kit Fisto

    * Slice and dice your way through Separatist droids with your
lightsaber and Force powers and use your agility to perform
amazing leaps and navigate levels filled with interactivity

    * Turn your enemies into weapons as you commandeer droids
and use their unique abilities to blast enemies and solve puzzles as
 a Jedi

    * Be part of an elite clone trooper squad with unique gameplay
that puts firepower at your fingertips. Blast droids and unleash
devastation with heavy weapons like rocket launchers and thermal
 detonators as Commander Cody, Captain Rex and all of your
favorite clone troopers

 Install Notes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1. Extract RARs
2. Mount or Burn image
3. Install game
4. Copy crack
5. Play!
Add a xlive offline account for saving and loading! 

Platform: PC
Language: Spanish, English, French, Italian, German
Genero: Accion
Quality: DVD
Format: ISO
Size: 5.08 GB
Date: 06/10/2009
Uploader: GamesTorrents


