XYplorer is an Advanced File System Explorer targeting everybody who is looking for a real alternative to the Windows Explorer. It has the following features: Created Date, Last Accessed Date and Attributes are shown right in the file list. Extended file find supporting NT-only features, and including binary string search. Multiple location search (find files in all selected directories). Generates various sorts of file system reports (to clipboard, file, and printer -- were talking about one-click directory print-outs here). Export extended file informations of whole directories (or even directory trees) to CSV-formatted files. [new in 3.21] Column Width Auto-Adjustment. Highly customizable display formats for file size and date information. For each file and folder, the (real!) disk space used is immediately displayed. Remembers last folder location and sort order. Browser-like history functionality. Can define favorite folders.

Other Features:
 Thumbnails of image files can be shown right in the details view
 Preview of TGA (Targa), DNG, and NEF files
 Instant Font Preview of installed and uninstalled TrueType and Type-1 font files
 Instant Preview of Office files, and of HTML, MHT, PHP files with printing option
 Instant display of complete file/version Information for each selected file
 Support of Icon Overlays
 File Info Tips and MP3 Info Tips
 Instant ID3v1.1-tag view and edit, plus automatic filename to ID3v1.1-tag routine
 Instant Raw View (ASCII and HEX) for all files, including text extraction from binaries
 Generate various sorts of file system Reports
 Export extended file information of whole directories to CSV-formatted files
 On-the-fly Font Sizing
 Excellent Windows shell integration
 Highly customizable display formats for file size and date information
 Support for showing directory sizes
 Optionally, for each file and folder, the real disk space used is immediately displayed
 Start Where You Stopped
 Can define favorite folders and files
 Icon-extraction, multi-file time-stamping and attribute-stamping
 Full support for drag-n-drop and wheel mouse
 Made to handle heavy-duty jobs
 Small, fast, and RAM-friendly
