Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"She Blinded Me With Science" is a New Wave song by British musician Thomas Dolby, released in 1982. It was first released as a single in the UK in October 1982 and was subsequently included on the second edition of Dolby's debut album The Golden Age of Wireless. It is a quirky, playful synth-pop song featuring synthesizer sounds.

Although a "top 5" success in the United States, peaking at #5 in the Billboard Hot 100, the song barely managed to score among the Top 50 in Dolby's native United Kingdom, peaking at #49 in the UK Singles Chart.

Dolby is often considered a one-hit wonder in the United States on the basis of the song's chart success there. In 2002, U.S. cable television network VH1 named "She Blinded Me with Science" #20 on its list of the "100 Greatest One-hit Wonders." While the song is Dolby's only Top 40 single on the Billboard Hot 100, he has had other songs which scored on the music charts. Thus, the label "one-hit wonder" might be considered a misnomer for Dolby. In 2006, VH1 placed it at #76 on their list of "Greatest Songs of the '80s." Then, in 2009, it ranked #13 on VH1's 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the 80s.

In the music video, Dolby commits himself to a Home for Deranged Scientists. Throughout the course of the video, Magnus Pyke (as the Home Doctor) tries to diagnose what he is suffering from, all the while being seduced by Miss Sakamoto, a secretary in the home. Interspersed into the video, various "deranged scientists" operate fanciful inventions on the grounds of the Home and act deranged with normal scientific items. Thomas directed this video himself.

The song's chorus, "She blinded me with science", plays upon the colloquial British expression "to blind [someone] with science", meaning to deliberately confuse someone by giving the impression of highly complex knowledge. In the song, however, the phrase is interpreted as a straightforward reference to the natural sciences.

The song features interjections from the British scientist and TV presenter Magnus Pyke, who repeatedly shouts "Science!" and delivers other lines in a deliberately over-the-top "mad scientist" voice, the most famous line of which was, "Good heavens, Miss Sakamoto! You're beautiful!" Andy Partridge, leader of the band XTC, contributes a guitar part to the song.

The song was showcased as part of Dolby's appearance at the South by Southwest 2007 music festival.

The Golden Age of Wireless is a 1982 album by Synthpop pioneer Thomas Dolby. The album is notable for containing the pop hit "She Blinded Me with Science" in its later resequencings. Following the album's overall theme of radio are the songs "Airwaves", "Commerci)al Breakup", and "Radio Silence," along with songs about the modern world ("Windpower", "Flying North", "Europa and the Pirate Twins"). At the time of the original US release, the moody and cinematic tone—a major departure for most synthesizer-driven records—prompted Musician magazine's reviewer to declare it "The best damned synth-pop record ever, period."

Thomas Dolby (born Thomas Morgan Robertson; 14 October 1958) is an English musician and producer. Best known for his his 1982 hit single "She Blinded Me With Science," he has also worked extensively in production and as a session musician.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

