Breathless is the 6th studio album by the English progressive rock band Camel, released in 1978. It is the last album to feature the group's original keyboardist Peter Bardens, who left the group before the tour for the album. He was replaced with two keyboardists for the tour: Dave Sinclair (Bassist Richard Sinclair's cousin) and Jan Schelhaas.

The album focuses on shorter, radio-friendly songs, as the group was trying to gain some airplay. Also, the group gives their sound another feel on some tracks. For example, the humorous "Down on the Farm" sounds like Caravan (The song's feel, besides Richard Sinclair is the lead singer), and "Summer Lightning" has a disco-feel with extended solos from Bardens and Latimer.

However, the group retained its jazz influence and progressive sound on other tracks. Notable examples of this are "The Sleeper" and "Echoes", which sound similar to music contained on early albums like Mirage and Moonmadness. Both songs are highlights of the album, and "Echoes" also became a favorite on the group's live repertoire, and is considered among fans as one of the best songs the group ever recorded.

This album shows how the band continued transforming their sound into a pop-like sound, while it also displays the group's progressive and jazz roots and other styles as well.

Released September 22, 1978 
Recorded 1978 
Genre Progressive rock 
Length 44:54 
Label Deram Records 
Producer Camel/Mick Glossop 

[edit] Side One
"Breathless" – (Andrew Latimer, Peter Bardens, Andy Ward) - 4:19 
"Echoes" – (Latimer, Bardens, Ward) - 7:18 
"Wing and a Prayer" – (Latimer, Bardens) - 4:45 
"Down on the Farm" – (Richard Sinclair) - 4:24 
"Starlight Ride" – (Latimer, Bardens) - 3:25 
[edit] Side Two
"Summer Lightning" – (Latimer, Sinclair) - 6:09 
"You Make Me Smile" – (Latimer, Bardens) - 4:17 
"The Sleeper" – (Latimer, Bardens, Ward, Mel Collins) - 7:06 
"Rainbow's End" – (Latimer, Bardens) - 3:00 
[edit] Personnel
Andrew Latimer – Guitar, Yamaha CS80/50, Vocals (A 2, 5, B 2, 4) 
Peter Bardens – Keyboards, Organ, Vocals (A 3) 
Mel Collins – Flute, Saxophones 
Richard Sinclair – Bass, Vocals (A 1, 4, B 1) 
Andy Ward – Drums, Percussion 
Dave Sinclair – Keyboards (uncredited) (B 2, 4) 
[edit] Other credits
Engineered by Mick Glossop 
Original artwork by Michael Munday & CREAM 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed