Infomation
Assassins Creed II / Ubisoft

RELEASE DATE : 21-04-2010
PROTECTION : Ubisoft DRM
GAME TYPE : Action
DISKS : 1 DVD



Assassin's Creed 2 is the follow-up to the title that became
the fastest-selling new IP in video game history. The highly
anticipated title features a new hero, Ezio Auditore da
Firenze, a young Italian noble, and a new era, the
Renaissance.



Assassin's Creed 2 retains the core gameplay experience that
made the first opus a resounding success and features new
experiences that will surprise and challenge players.

Assassin's Creed 2 is an epic story of family, vengeance and
conspiracy set in the pristine, yet brutal, backdrop of a
Renaissance Italy. Ezio befriends Leonardo da Vinci, takes on
Florence's most powerful families and ventures throughout the
canals of Venice where he learns to become a master assassin.

EZIO, A NEW ASSASSIN FOR A NEW ERA Ezio Auditore da Firenze is
a young Italian noble who will learn the ways of the assassins
after his family was betrayed and he looks to seek vengeance.
He is a lady's man, a free soul with panache yet has a very
human side to his personality. Through him, you become a
master assassin.

RENAISSANCE ITALY Italy in the 15th century was less a country
and more a collection of city-states where families with
political and economic strength began to take leadership roles
in cities like Florence and Venice. This journey through some
of the most beautiful cities in the world takes place in a
time in history where culture and art were born alongside some
of the most chilling stories of corruption, greed and murder.

A NEW-FOUND FREEDOM You will be able to perform missions when
you want and how you want in this open-ended world that brings
back free-running and adds elements such as swimming and even
flying to the adventure. The variety in gameplay adds another
layer for you to truly play through the game any way you
choose.

DYNAMIC CROWD Discover a living, breathing world where every
character is an opportunity for the player. Blending in with
the crowd is easier, working with in-game characters provide
ample rewards but can also lead to surprising consequences.

BECOME A MASTER ASSASSIN Perfect your skills to become a
master assassin where you brandish new weapons, learn to
disarm enemies then use their weapons against them, and
assassinate enemies using both hidden blades.



1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Run the v1.01 update exe from UPDATE folder on the DVD or
let the game auto update by itself
5. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to
these locations and overwrite. 32 bit is for both XP, Vista
and Win7 editions. 64 bit for Vista and Win7 locations.

32 bit version:

C:Program FilesUbisoftUbisoft Game Launcher folder

64 bit version:

C:Program Files (x86)UbisoftUbisoft Game Launcher folder

6. Play the game