File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:05:51

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1602 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.14 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"No More Tears" is the fifth song on the 1991 Ozzy Osbourne heavy metal album No More Tears. With a running time of 7:23, it is the longest solo song that Osbourne has ever recorded on a studio album. It reached 5 on U.S. Mainstream Rock Tracks, 71 on the Billboard Hot 100, and #32 on the UK Singles Chart. Osbourne considers this song to be "a gift from God", as stated in the Prince of Darkness liner notes.

The song was redone by guitarist Zakk Wylde as a bonus track on the second reissue of the Black Label Society album Sonic Brew as well as on its own promotional E.P. called the No More Tears Sampler.

A shorter edited version of this song can be heard on The Ozzman Cometh Ozzy Osbourne compilation 2-disc.

This song also is played in the Adam Sandler movie Little Nicky. In the epic final battle scene where Osbourne appears, "No More Tears" can be heard being played in the background.

In the 2002 remaster booklet for the No More Tears album, Osbourne stated that the song was about a serial killer.

Richard Gilliam of Allmusic wrote "the song has precisely the sort of hard, rhythmic drive marks good heavy metal" and "Osbourne’s sharply edged vocals are among the strongest of his solo efforts" but "near the end of the song there’s a pointlessly overproduced art-rock bridge that mars the song’s otherwise fine dynamic flow".

No More Tears is the sixth studio album by English heavy metal musician Ozzy Osbourne. Released on 17 September 1991, the album charted at number 17 on the UK Albums Chart and number seven on the US Billboard 200 albums chart. No More Tears spawned five singles, of which four reached the top ten of the US Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, including the number-two "Mama, I'm Coming Home". It is also one of Osbourne's two best-selling albums in North America, along with his debut Blizzard of Ozz, having been certified four times platinum by the RIAA and double platinum by CRIA.

Guitarist Zakk Wylde contributed songwriting and guitar to the album, while Motörhead's bassist/vocalist Lemmy wrote the lyrics for four songs. Although Mike Inez is seen playing bass in several of the album's videos, long-time Ozzy Osbourne bassist Bob Daisley  plays on the entire album. Though Inez was an official member of the band, the Osbournes had a longstanding working relationship with Daisley and had also asked him to write lyrics, as he did for all of Osbourne's '80s releases. While his bass playing remains on the album, Daisley's lyrics were not used. Inez is credited as a writer for the title track: although he does not perform on the song, the intro bass riff was his. He did however take part in the writing process as Osbourne stated on VH1's Behind The Music.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/