 http://bayimg.com/daAckaAdC

The Call of Cthulhu (2005) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0478988/

The Call of Cthulhu is a short story by American writer H. P. Lovecraft. Written in the summer of 1926, it was first published in Weird Tales, February 1928. It is the only story written by Lovecraft in which the extraterrestrial entity Cthulhu himself makes a major appearance.

It is written in a documentary style, with three independent narratives linked together by the device of a narrator discovering notes left by a deceased relative.

The Call of Cthulhu is a 2005 silent film adaptation of the H. P. Lovecraft short story of the same name, produced by Sean Branney and Andrew Leman and distributed by the HP Lovecraft Historical Society. It is the first film adaptation of the famous Lovecraft story, and uses Mythoscope, a blend of vintage and modern filming techniques intended to produce the look of a 1920s-era film.

Andrew Leman's silent film adaptation of HP Lovecraft's The Call of Cthulhu, shot on video in an obsessively antiquated style that pays tribute to 1920s cinema, is more than simply a love letter to the stylized artificiality of silent expressionist horror. Leman resists the temptation to construct a linear narrative around the eerie recounting of the investigation of supernatural phenomenon surrounding the mysterious cult of Cthulhu, making it the most faithful screen translation of the author's work to date. It's an admirable approach and a qualified success, at least on a dramatic level - even a simple flourish might provided the anti-climax with narrative bite - but his dedication is commendable and his execution is so exquisite that he creates an atmosphere with a drama all its own. 

Leman has an innate feel for silent movie texture and probably comes as close as humanly possible to achieving it, given his budget and his choice of equipment. The simple, uncomplicated digital effects that take the place of the trick photography and glass mattes of the silent era artisans is admittedly distracting in a film that otherwise evokes the subtle qualities of silent movie style. It's forgivable, given the intricate sets he creates on a starvation budget (the ritual sacrifice scene in the jungle and the island altar to Cthulhu are deliriously unreal and wonderfully weird spectacles), and the lovingly sculpted?totems and icons to Cthulhu is a mark of his team's craftsmanship and devotion to the spirit of the material. The drama is in the atmosphere and the beautiful evocation of Lovecraft's constant theme: the more you investigate the secrets of the dark dimensions, the more power you feed the hungry god Cthulhu at the expense of your own sanity. That which does not kill you only makes you madder.

