From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:


Aaron's leaping into the action with both feet! He recently used that big dick of his to pound Jeff's hole and now he's on the receiving end of a big dick as Cade has a go at fucking him!

Aaron was curious about trying out hardcore action with a guy when he first arrived at CF, having had some oral fun before but never any fucking. Certainly, seeing just how much Jeff enjoyed it when Aaron fucked him must have made it pretty clear how good it could feel to bottom and got Aaron fired up to take this next step!

I have a feeling Cade was pretty eager for it as well, as he doesn't often get to break guys in. Cade's thick dick can be pretty intimidating for a guy that's set to bottom for the first time, and so Cade knew he was getting to do something special here! Indeed, he takes his time prepping Aaron's hole, rimming and fingering it deep and savoring the moment!

When it comes time for Cade to slide his dick in to Aaron, both guys could not have been hungrier for it! Aaron looked hot as hell face down and ass up on the bed, totally eager and ready for what was coming! Further, Cade just had this lustful and intense look on his face as he got into position to fuck Aaron from behind!

As Cade gets to fucking Aaron's hole, Aaron has this incredibly hot look on his face and can't help but moan and whimper! While I was standing there shooting it, I occasionally found myself wanting to say, "Slow down a bit and go easy on him!" to Cade out of habit after having filmed so many first time vids, but as it became more and more clear that Aaron's moans were moans of pleasure and he kept his back arched so that his ass was up and perfectly positioned to get fucked, I kept my mouth shut! When Aaron moans, "It's so big" you could tell he was turned on by the fact he was taking that big dick like a champ!

Sure enough, once Aaron is on his back with his legs in the air and Cade's dick pounding his hole, he's rock hard and ready to cum all over himself. After he's cum, he is loving every second of still having Cade fuck him!

Initially, I was a bit hesitant to have Cade be the one to pop Aaron's cherry but I don't think either of the guys minded it one bit! 