ACDC - Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (1976) [LOSSLESS FLAC][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]





AC/DC - Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap


by RDaneel







[::Dati Album::]

Titolo: Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap
Anno: 1976
Genere: Hard Rock
Etichetta: Atlantic Records

[::Tracklist::]

1. Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 4:12
2. Love At First Feel (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 3:11
3. Big Balls (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 2:38
4. Rocker (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 2:50
5. Problem Child (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 5:45
6. There's Gonna Be Some Rockin' (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 3:17
7. Ain't No Fun (waiting round to be a millionaire) (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 7:29
8. Ride On (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 5:49
9. Squealer (B.Scott, M.Young & A. Young) - 5:14


[::Recensione::]

Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is the third studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released in September 1976. All songs were written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young, and Bon Scott.
It was originally released on Albert Productions. A modified international edition was released on Atlantic Records in 1976.
The international edition of Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, released November 1976, is considerably different from the original Australian edition, and features a different cover and track order. It was not released in the United States until April 1981.
On this album, the Australian version's "R.I.P. (Rock in Peace)" and "Jailbreak" are replaced by "Rocker" (from 1975's T.N.T.) and "Love at First Feel", the latter being one of only two tracks from international AC/DC albums not available on the band's Australian albums. (The other is "Cold Hearted Man", released on European pressings of Powerage.) Conversely, several songs that are available on Australian AC/DC albums have not seen overseas release. However, "Love at First Feel" was released in Australia as a single.
Though the international album was released by Atlantic Records in Europe in 1976 it was not picked up for U.S. release at the time. Following the American success of Highway To Hell in late 1979 copies of the album began to appear as imports in the U.S. Some of these imports were the original Australian edition on Albert Productions. However, Atlantic Records also pressed the international version in Australia and many of these copies were also exported to the U.S. Strong demand for both import versions eventually led the U.S. division of Atlantic to finally authorize an official U.S. release in April 1981, which went straight to #3 on the Billboard album charts.
Two songs on the international album were edited from the full length versions on the original Australian album. The full length "Dirty Deeds" has the title of the song chanted four times starting at 3:09, but on the edited version the chant is heard only twice. "Ain't No Fun" lasted 7:29 on the Australian album but was faded out early to 6:57 on the international version. However, both these full length versions were restored on the 1994 Atco Records remastered CD of the international album. The most recent 2003 CD edition on Epic Records goes back to the edited versions as on the 1976 and 1981 international vinyl editions.
Additionally, a song titled "I'm a Rebel" was recorded during the Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap sessions in September 1976, with music and lyrics written by Angus and Malcolm Young's older brother, Alex Young. This song was never released and remains in Albert Productions' vaults.
Angus came up with the title of the album when he was watching an episode of Beany And Cecil. The antagonist, Dishonest John, carried a card that read: "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, Special Holidays, Sundays and Rates".
The Australian version of the album was briefly released in the United Kingdom, but only on the original vinyl printings in that country. "Jailbreak" was included on AC/DC's '74 Jailbreak, released in October 1984 in the United States, Canada, and Japan. "R.I.P. (Rock In Peace)" has not been officially released internationally.