	
Latin Spectrum 2 is a dancer's delight.
I enjoyed the first Latin Spectrum effort, however, this one takes the cake!My compliments to everyone in the UK involved with this project.
A rare find and worth the price of an import. (Customer from Amazon)



Half the fun of Latin music has to be the continual new discovery of songs
that cannot help but make us dance and smile. Latin Spectrum II certainly
is guilty of doing just this.
A year on we are presented with the second in the series, this time compiled by the awesome Hector Torres. The uncle of beat king Kenny Dope Gonzalez (Masters At Work) is a great lover of music and has been a collector for over 50 years. Hector is still a strong influence on his newphews productions and remixes for MAW. With such high credentials we happily welcome him to the BBE family of compilers.
The Latin vibe is strongly evident in all spheres of entertainment these days from movies to television and of course in music, whether it be the Buena Vista Social club or the latest dance tune from New York.
This compilation provides a little insight into the history of this music and helps to unearth just a few of the undiscovered gems amongst an endless stream of exciting and passionate music coming from Latin America and its artists world-wide. (bbemusic.com)





01. Tito Puente - Corta El Bonche
02. Justo Betancourt - Ella Esta En Otre Rumba
03. Bobby Cruz - Que Se Vaya
04. Johnny Colon - Retorno Del Mambo
05. Ray Barretto - Guarare
06. Roberto Roena - Hay Que Saber Comenzar
07. Gil Lopez & Sonny Bravo - Canuto
08. Nestor Torres - Tierra Colora
09. Willie Garcia - Arinara
10. Bobby Cruz - Bomba Camara
11. Papo Luca & La Sonora Poncena - Algo Facil
12. Angel Canales Sabor - Los Rumberos Nuevos
13. The Tommy Olivencia Orchestra - Periquito Pin Pin
14. La Compania Orchestra - Celito Lindo



Label: BBE
Released: 2000



Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 3
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share