Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"You've Got a Friend" is a song from 1971. The song, written by Carole King, was included in her album Tapestry of 1971, but was made famous by James Taylor's cover version the same year. Taylor's rendition, released as a single from his own 1971 album Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon, reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 4 on the UK Singles Chart. The James Taylor version also spent one week at the top of the Easy Listening charts. "You've Got a Friend" won Grammy Awards both for Taylor (Best Male Pop Vocal Performance) and King (Song of the Year).

The song was recorded also during 1971 by Dusty Springfield, a recording that predates Taylor's version. It was recorded for her third album for Atlantic Records, but a dispute with the company meant the album was unreleased. The song was left unissued until 1999, when it was issued as a bonus track for the Rhino Records deluxe re-release of Dusty in Memphis.

Another soulful, gospel-tinged live version was recorded by Donny Hathaway on his 1972 Live album and the posthumously released These Songs For You, Live!.

Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon is James Taylor's third album. Released in April 1971 as the follow-up of his commercial breakthrough and critical triumph, Sweet Baby James, it almost equaled the acclaim and surpassed the success of its predecessor at the time of its release. It contained Taylor's biggest hit single in the U.S., a version of the Carole King standard "You've Got a Friend", which became his only number 1 on the Billboard  charts on July 31, 1971. The week before, the album itself reached its peak position of #2 in the Billboard album charts (the highest position achieved by Taylor in this list during his career). It was knocked-off the top spot also by Carole King, who was at the moment rocketing the charts with the blockbuster Tapestry album.

Months later, the album managed to generate another Top 40 hit, "Long Ago and Far Away", which reached #31 on the Billboard Hot 100. Many of the songs became standards in concert, particularly "You Can Close Your Eyes."

In 1972, "You've Got a Friend" received Grammy Awards both for Taylor (Best Pop Vocal Performance, Male) and King (Song of the Year).

Tapestry is a pop album by singer-songwriter Carole King, released in 1971. It features minimal production by Lou Adler. Tapestry was ranked US number 1 for 15 consecutive weeks, which is the longest time for an album by a female to occupy that position, and remained on the Billboard 200 for 305 weeks, the most recent week being the Billboard magazine issue dated July 17, 2010. In terms of time on the charts, it ranks fifth overall and in terms of length on the charts for solo musical acts it ranks second. It remains the longest charting album by a female solo artist. Tapestry has sold over 25 million copies worldwide and on July 17, 1995 was certified diamond in the United States by the RIAA for 10 million copies sold in the US. In 1972 the album also garnered four Grammy Awards including Album of the Year, Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, Record of the Year ("It's Too Late"), and Song of the Year ("You've Got a Friend"). Three songs from the album, "I Feel The Earth Move", "It's Too Late", and "You've Got A Friend", all reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 after Tapestry's release. Altogether, four songs on the album were at one point #1 hits, all of which were written or co-written by King.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/