Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Heartless" is a song by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released on November 4, 2008 digitally as the second single for his fourth studio album, 808s & Heartbreak. It is based around a sample of "Ammonia Avenue" by The Alan Parsons Project. It debuted at the number four spot on the Billboard Hot 100 where it eventually peaked at number two and reached number-one on the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks and U.S. Hot 100 Airplay chart. The song came to be covered by numerous artists, most notably by Colorado-based rock band The Fray and American Idol season 8 winner Kris Allen, with both versions managing to enter charts in the absence of a physical single release.

Denver-based rock band The Fray performed a cover of "Heartless" for their Live Lounge performance on February 16. Following the premiere of their rendition on BBC Radio 1, it began to receive an unprecedented amount of radio airplay. The track was later included on their Live from SoHo released onto iTunes on April 7. In absence of a single release, the band's version of "Heartless" managed to enter the Billboard Hot 100 at number seventy-nine on May 21 solely based on downloads. The song has since became a staple at The Fray's live shows and sold over 125,000 downloads in the United States alone. Due to the overwhelming public demand, it was released as a digital single in the UK on September 14, 2009.

A music video of The Fray's version of "Heartless" was released on September. The video showed a classroom full of elementary-level students with the video centering around one boy. He keeps glancing at a girl, as drawings appear on a piece of notebook paper in front of him. The band members as well as Kanye West are seen as simple drawn figures performing on the paper. Eventually, the artwork expands out to the classroom, forming a design around the girl. The video infers that the girl was the 'heartless' one who hurt the boy.


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

