  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

Golden Earring are a Dutch rock band, founded in 1961 in The Hague as the Golden Earrings (the 's' was dropped in 1969). They had international chart success with the songs "Radar Love" in 1973, "Twilight Zone" in 1982, and "When The Lady Smiles" in 1984. In their home country, they had over 40 hits and made over 30 gold and platinum albums. Current members of Golden Earring are Barry Hay (vocals, guitar, flute and saxophone, member since 1968), George Kooymans (vocals and guitar, founder of band), Rinus Gerritsen (bass and keyboard, founding member), and Cesar Zuiderwijk (drums and percussion, member since 1970). Golden Earring have sold millions of albums worldwide, and they are one of the longest existing rock bands in the world that are still performing today in the same line up. 2009 marks the return of the band to the UK and 2010 the release of a new studio album.
Golden Earring was one of the first major European rock bands to tour the United States, in 1969. They were at first inspired by The Beatles and other sixties pop groups like The Kinks. In 1966, Golden Earring performed together with The Kinks during a legendary concert in The Hague, Netherlands. On their first USA tour bands like Led Zeppelin and The Doors inspired Golden Earring's music and professionality. They saw that the Americans had very good soundsystems and electrical equipment. Later, they were influenced by Pink Floyd, Santana, and The Who when they performed together during their many American tours. In total, the band has been in over 40 US states, including Hawaii.
Golden Earring has used many styles of rock and pop music, and in many of the over 400 songs they have recorded, influences of hard rock, rap, disco, folk, country, gospel and even Latin can be heard. In the past, their music was more psychedelic and progressive; this can be heard on albums like Moontan, Wall of Dolls and Eight Miles High. Golden Earring always seek ways to experiment with new styles and variations in the music they make. The band has always used the newest fashion in gear and equipment and have experimented with several PA systems, such as quadrophonia, which made Barry's flute sing through a whole venue from all four directions where the speakers were positioned. Usually they are their own producers, backed up by other professionals. The band has developed a strong influence in the studio, because they feel that it is very important to create the typical Earring-sound in the recording studio. This is why the band often plays together "live" in the studio, so that the original live sound is approached in the best way possible, instead of recording every vocal and instrument separately and putting them together in the final mix.

Please SEED and enjoy, thanks........!

