Little Brown Fucking Machines Vol.2 [PORNO][ASIAN].lokotorrents.


Category 	All Sex, Interracial, Asian
Director 	Darren Morgan
Starring 	Annie, Pink, Tutu, Peow Peow

Asia is the manufacturing capital of the world. Precision machinery and high tech equipment characterize the exports from this region to the rest of the world. Thailands best known for Little Brown Fucking Machines, that are especially popular ...    Full Descriptionwith the foreigners who go there. These well oiled units come pre-lubed, easy to use and some even have English instructions. The more you pay the more pleasure you are likely to derive from one of these high speed, cock hungry Teeny Fuck holes.



Peow Peow was specifically designed to destroy cock. Whether in her mouth or in her pussy, this girl can rip skin off a wiener faster than the average man can blink his eye. She shows us her stuff packed into a tight red dress. Her dark hair, her plump booty and her ample tits are ready to deliver what they were tailor made for. Her light pink vaginal center is wet, ready and willing while her dark, all natural pubic hair spreads to allow full access to her pre-packed juices. Her oral orifice provides instant access to her cock hungry mouth which sucks up white dick by the dozen. Her tits are big enough to be fucked and her pussy is soft enough to easily suck up rock hard white wang. This girl is hot and knows how to grind and work a cock over well enough, to earn herself a healthy glob of foreign made liquid in her mouth.



Pink is room service for a horny Australian dude. She shows up in a very tight pink dress which matches her name very well. She has dark skin and long hair and long dark skinned legs. She is young, fresh and very hot with a perfect body and booty made for sucking up foreign made beef. Her tits are perfectly young and ripe with perky dark nipple tips. She is as fresh as they come and this Australian takes every opportunity he can to lick her anus and taste her young juices. He puts her doll face on his dong and makes her suck while staring her pretty eyes straight into the camera. He stuffs her mouth chock full of cock before bending her over and readying her pretty pink slice for a doggie style romping. She says "fuck my pussy" as he goes to town on her, splitting her pretty butt cheeks and deep cramming her nearly hairless puss. His cock bottoms out in her shallow hole while he jams his finger up her ass and finally offloads all over her face. She sucks the mess up off the tip of his dick.



Tutu may be from Thailand but she likes wearing her custom made silky China dress. She shows it off to her foreign customer who anxiously awaits the unveiling of her beautiful firm tits, chocolate colored nipples and freshly shaved Asian Fuck box. She swallows some cock without the use of her hands and makes nice to his penis tip in between the cleavage of her 2 tits. He fucks her face before splitting her cheeks and stuffing her Thai slice. She takes it from behind and gets her ass slapped as she moans ever so sweetly. Her dark brown clitoris peeks through her slit as fat foreign man-meat continues to fill her to capacity. She sucks the fresh juices of her pussy straight off his cock and then sticks it back in for a final fucking before getting a nice cum load straight on her pretty face. She jumps in the bath tub and carefully washes his entire package clean.



Annie is a special order Brown Fucking machine. Her tight body is adorned in all red which contrasts lovely with her dark brown skin. This girl has a perfect body and a hungry appetite for white sausage. Her fur lined fuck hole is dripping wet as her pretty dark eyes stare straight into the camera as she sucks some cock. She points her hips straight to the ceiling as her Australian customer starts to stick it to her from behind. He stuffs her tiny hole with a healthy serving of Falang shlong. She moans nicely and handles it well working his cock in and out of her bright pink slice which peeks from behind her thick pubic patch. He pulls out and dumps hard on her face and in her mouth which she carefully licks up without hesitation. They hit the shower together to clean things up before she gets changed and gets ready to leave.

This is the only Peow Peow video.