Spyware Doctor 2010_7.0.0.545
Full Version with Serial

O/S: Windows® 7, Windows Vista and Windows® XP, (32bit, 64bit).
MultiLanguage

Spyware Doctor™ provides three-way spyware protection for your PC through real-time 
threat blocking, advanced system scanning and immunization against known browser infections. 
Spyware Doctor is a multi-award winning spyware removal utility that detects, 
removes and protects your PC from thousands of potential spyware, adware, Trojans, 
keyloggers, spybots and tracking threats. Protect your privacy and computing habits 
from prying eyes and virtual trespassers with the help of Spyware Doctor. Anti-virus 
software and firewalls do not fully protect your system against the majority of 
spyware and privacy threats. 
Because spyware is commonly bundled with software downloads, attached to e-mails, or 
transmitted through networks it can appear to be legitimate software, but once installed 
it can be nearly impossible to detect and remove without the help of a dedicated 
spyware removal tool like Spyware Doctor. 
Spyware Doctor is advanced technology designed especially for people, not just experts. 
That is one reason why it won the People's Choice Award in 2005, 2006 and 2007. 
It is automatically configured out of the box to give you optimal protection with limited 
interaction so all you need to do is install it for immediate and ongoing protection.

Spyware Doctor's advanced IntelliGuard technology only alerts users on a true Spyware detection. 
This is significant because you should not be interrupted by cryptic questions every time you 
install software, add a site to your favorites or change your PC settings. Such messages can 
be confusing and lead to undesirable outcomes such as inoperable programs, lost favorites or 
even Spyware being allowed to install on the system. We've done the research so you don't have to.

Spyware Doctor Tools: 
• Spyware & Adware Scanner Keylogger
• Guard Popup
• Blocker Phishing
• Protector Real Time
• Protection Browser
• Guard Spyware Cookie
• Guard Malware
• Immunizer

Advanced Detection Intelligence provides Powerful Protection:
• IMPROVED! Built on a modular architecture which utilizes a diverse range of technologies 
that detect, block and remove threats attempting to compromise your PC.
• NEW! ThreatFire™ Behavioral Intelligence features next-generation technology to block new 
threats faster than traditional signature methods.
• IMPROVED!  Advanced rootkit detection technology identifies and removes hidden threats from your PC.
• NEW! Multi-layered browsing protection against web-based attacks, including phishing attempts, 
rogueware scare tactics and silent drive-by downloads, using a combination of reactive blacklists 
and proactive dynamic content analysis technologies.
    * IMPROVED! Site Guard blocks you from visiting potentially unsafe or phishing websites and 
	from downloading threats through your browser, IM or email.
    * Cookie Guard automatically removes potentially malicious tracking and advertising cookies.
    * NEW! Browser Guard stops 'drive-by' downloads of fake AV or malicious files from 
	compromised or exploit websites.
• Constant real-time IntelliGuard™ protection prevents known and new malware threats before they 
can install and cause any harm to your PC. IntelliGuard™ monitors for malicious activity involving 
spyware processes, viral activity, tracking cookies, suspicious ActiveX objects, browser hijackers, 
keyloggers, trojans and more.
• Intelli-Scan™ swiftly hunts and kills active spyware threats - utilizes patent-pending spider 
scanning technology to quickly identify and remove threats.


Install Notes:

1) Run: sdsetup.exe
2) Enter Serial when asked
3) Done
