LORD OF THE RINGS THE RETURN OF THE KING DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 03:12:47
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Elijah Wood
Ian McKellen
Liv Tyler
Viggo Mortensen
Sean Astin
Cate Blanchett
John Rhys-Davies
Bernard Hill
Christopher Lee
Billy Boyd
Dominic Monaghan
Orlando Bloom
Hugo Weaving
Miranda Otto
David Wenham
Brad Dourif
Karl Urban
John Noble
Andy Serkis
Ian Holm
Sean Bean

Plot

The film begins with a flashback of how Sméagol recovered the One Ring, before forwarding to him as Gollum, taking Frodo and Sam to Minas Morgul. Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Gandalf, Théoden and Éomer meet up with Merry, Pippin and Treebeard at Isengard, now under the Ents' control, where Gandalf concludes Saruman will pose no further threat. They also recover the palantír from the ruins. The group return to Edoras, where Theoden holds a feast in celebration of the victory at Helm's Deep. Pippin's curiosity gets the better of him at Edoras, and he looks into the palantír, where he sees a vision of a white tree burning, as well as being seen and mentally interrogated by Sauron. From this, Gandalf deduces Sauron is planning to attack Minas Tirith, and he rides off there with Pippin. In the meantime, Arwen, on her way to the Undying Lands, has a vision of her son by Aragorn and convinces Elrond to reforge the sword Narsil that cut the Ring from Sauron's finger long ago. Sam also overhears Gollum's treacherous plans to murder them and take the Ring for himself, but Frodo disbelieves him. Gollum plays on this, trying to turn Frodo and Sam against one another.

Gandalf and Pippin arrive at Minas Tirith to find the steward Denethor mourning over Boromir, and Pippin swears loyalty to him. Gandalf warns Sauron is now ready to strike and urges Denethor to call Rohan for aid, which he refuses, knowing Aragorn is there, and fearing Aragorn and Gandalf plan to depose him. That night, Gandalf and Pippin witness a pillar of green fire rise from Minas Morgul, where the Witch-king sends off his army, heralding the start of the war. Frodo, Sam and Gollum also begin climbing the stairs nearby. The Morgul army, led by the Nazgúl, drives the Gondorians out of Osgiliath, and Faramir is forced to take a doomed ride to reclaim the city. In the meantime, Gollum convinces Frodo to send Sam home on the belief he wants the Ring. Fortunately, Pippin has begun the long line of beacon signals to Edoras, where Théoden and the rest of the Rohirrim ride to Dunharrow to prepare for war. Aragorn also meets Elrond, who informs him of what Arwen has done and warns him they are outnumbered by Sauron's army. Elrond presents Aragorn with the newly reforged Andúril and tells him to brave the Paths of the Dead, where he may acquire the help of the cursed Army of the Dead, who owe allegiance to the Heir of Isildur. Éowyn tries to convince him not to go, confessing her love for him, but Aragorn -knowing Arwen has chosen her love for him over the immortal life of the elves- refuses. Together with Legolas and Gimli, Aragon gains the loyalty of the King of the Dead and his men, then capture the ships of the Corsairs of Umbar, who Sauron had intended to launch a surprise attack on Minas Tirith. Théoden rides off to war with 6000 Riders, unaware Éowyn and Merry are part of the army too.

The Morgul army begin the siege of Minas Tirith, and many missiles are traded between Orc catapults and Gondorian trebuchets, whilst the Witch-king and the other Ringwraiths on their Fell Beasts wreak havoc on the city. They break into the city using the enormous battering ram Grond, and the defenders are forced to retreat as legions of Orcs, Trolls and worse swarm into the city. At the same time Gollum betrays Frodo to the monstrous spider Shelob, but Sam returns to fight her off. Sam believes Frodo is dead and takes the One Ring, planning to complete the quest, but when Orcs from the Tower of Cirith Ungol take Frodo, he overhears that he is still alive. At Minas Tirith, Denethor falls into madness and prepares a pyre for him and the unconscious Faramir. Pippin warns Gandalf and together, they manage to save Faramir, though Denethor perishes. The Rohirrim arrive and charge into the Orcs at full pace, trampling and slaying them into retreat, but Haradrim reinforcements, including huge numbers of Mûmakil and the Witch-king, overwhelm them. Aragorn finally arrives with the undead on the captured Corsair ships and counter-attack, routing the Orcs and Mûmakil, whilst Éowyn and Merry kill the Witch-king. Théoden passes away, and Aragorn holds the Dead Army's oath fulfilled, freeing them from their curse.

Sam rescues Frodo from the tower, mostly empty following a fight amongst the Orc garrison over the mithril shirt, and they begin the long trek to Mount Doom. Gandalf realizes that 10,000 Orcs now stand on the road between Cirith Ungol and Mount Doom, making Frodo's journey all but impossible, and Aragorn leads the remaining soldiers to the Black Gate to distract them. Sam carries Frodo up to Mount Doom but Gollum attacks them, just as the Men of the West furiously battle the Orcs. Frodo, at the Crack of Doom, succumbs to the Ring's power. However, Gollum steals the Ring by biting off Frodo's finger that held the ring. They both fight to get it back and fall off the prepice. Frodo grabs the ledge but Gollum and the Ring fall into the pools of lava below. Sam rescues Frodo and the Ring is destroyed. The Tower of Barad-dûr collapses, whilst Sauron, finally defeated, fades into nothing. The destruction of his form creates an immense shockwave that kills most of the Orcs; the rest perish as the whole of Mordor collapses into a gaping chasm, leaving the men of the West unharmed. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167260/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS

NOTE
Will be uploading GAMER BRrip encoded from 720p Bluray 4.48GB copy down to
439MB next 