.


screens (+ large DVD-covers): 
http://hot.bigscreensforadults.info/ 


(2009-Dec-11: Shay All American Girl)



SHAY: ALL AMERICAN GIRL is a heartwarming and sexy tribute to youth growing up in America. Scott presents Shay Jordan with a lovely birthday cake, only to have his c*ck dipped in the frosting and her sweet p*ssy. Gorgeous Addison Rose diddles herself while sucking on a bouquet of tantalizing lollipops. Karlie Montana and Shay share more than their hot dogs in a splendid girl/girl discovery scene. Ben English knocks Sammy Cruz off her rocking horse and she thoroughly enjoys the fall. Neveah enlists Shay in a game of patty-cake but Shay has something else in mind. Scott and Angeline Marie get all tied up in a licorice feeding frenzy while Shay bathes with some light up rubber duckies. In the finale, Shay shows her true American passion in a fantastic first-date scene with Marco and an everchanging Dodge Super Bee. Digital Playground`s All-American Girl series casts a vibrant, sexy light on America`s favorite pastimes and the sexy girls who enjoy them.


Actresses

    * Addison Rose 
    * Brandi Edwards (as Angeline Marie) 
    * Karlie Montana 
    * Nevaeh 
    * Sammy Cruz 
    * Shay Jordan 
   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Shay Jordan, Scott Nails
    * Scene 2. Addison Rose
    * Scene 3. Karlie Montana, Shay Jordan
    * Scene 4. Sammy Cruz, Ben English
    * Scene 5. Nevaeh, Shay Jordan
    * Scene 6. Brandi Edwards, Scott Nails
    * Scene 7. Shay Jordan
    * Scene 8. Shay Jordan, Marco Banderas


Studio:          Digital Playground
Released:        2007
Format:          Xvid
Language:        English


REVIEW:

Celeste was once known under a different name as a performance artist (porn performer) who was popular for years due to the looks and skills she brought to the small screen. She left performing to take up directing at Digital Playground, surrounding herself with the best crew possible, including her boytoy, Robby D.. Well, for the kind of erotica she makes, each of the company contract gals has shown that they can usually run with the ideas presented, elevating their status more than a little which is why the upcoming showcase for hot new contract gal Shay Jordan entitled, Shay Jordan: All American Girl is such a natural. Love the photography style or hate it, Celeste brings something different to the table, the concept of a woman's ideas that are then brought to fruition by the talents of Robby. I have long been critical of the particulars surrounding this style but sometimes find a title or two a cut above the rest, lending itself to keeping me on my toes as I never know what will happen. If this sounds appealing to you, here's a very brief look at the scenes from the movie, noting that none of them use condoms:

Scene One: 
Shay Jordan, the hot contract cutie featured on the front cover, was up first in a birthday scenario where Scott Nails brought her a cake and started finger feeding her the icing. In return, she applied some to her nipples but this wasn't a factor until well after Scott put some on her cock to suck. Like a good birthday girl, she slobbed his knob heartily, getting most of the frosting off quickly and efficiently thanks to her extensive oral skills. It was a very warm hummer. Leading to her sitting on his face as he reciprocated the oral on her tight little cookie. My biggest complaint remained, the abundance of slow motion, but she seemed to be riding his cock moderately actively; displaying the sort of attraction that makes for chemistry more often than not. It ended too soon with him rubbing out a wad of population pudding onto the cake and her mouth (the cake was held up to her mouth, making this possible) but I could not deny that Shay was quite a catch for the company in part for scenes like this one.

Scene Two: 
Addison Rose, a gal with a nice ass and cute face (not like Shay's of course but fetching nonetheless), was up next in a short solo scene that took place on a yellow set. Her handful of lollipops and landing strip pubic hair were both focal points of the camera but even though she rubbed herself ever so slowly, the effect didn't do much for me thanks to the repetitive music.

Scene Three: 
Karlie Montana, a foxy redhead, and sweet Shay Jordan, were up next in the barren room in a lesbian scene where the two used their foot long hotdogs to tease each other before kissing. The "under the panty" hand rub was nice but the music again seemed too distracting for me, drawing attention away from the slo-mo gals as they suckled each other's nipples and went down on each other. The look on Shay's face told me she was enjoying herself more than I was but I guess I'm too used to gonzo porn moving at regular speeds that this was another scene of questionable merit for my personal needs. In fairness though, the 69 and cunnilingus was well done, giving it some stroke value, just not the kind aficionados will find appealing.

Scene Four: 
Sammy Cruz, another gal that fit the mold of the show with a combination of looks, sexual appeal, and charisma, took time out from riding her rocking horse to blow studly Ben English. She worked him over nicely as she engulfed his cock into her mouth, Ben feeling her up as she did so. It became a really messy bit of work before they started screwing vaginally, the gal letting him do most of the work as he hammered away at her cookie from numerous positions. This was a scene that would have probably rocked in full speed mode, ending with a healthy facial and showing little of her previously established potential.

Scene Five: 
Neveah, a stripper next door type of gal, was up next as she played a game of strip hammer/scissors/paper with beautiful Shay Jordan in the living room. I never had any doubt that the two gals appreciated each other and the way they tasted and played made it a lot of fun/ Lesbian scenes can be very hit or miss so I was happy to see this was a decent one. Shay did most of the oral work this time, at least initially, the gals switching off the tiara that signified who was in charge at any given moment. There was some vibrator play here but it seemed almost clinical compared to a few titles I've watched of late so even though I knew they had some sparks for one another, it did not translate as well for some reason. It wasn't a waste of time but it was far from the best they had to offer.

Scene Six: 
Angeline Marie, a lean blonde with a sultry look in her eyes, was up next as she began by masturbating until Scott Nails took charge of her. He bound her hands to the bedpost and went down on her; a fantasy that actually made some sense. He ate like it was his first supper in weeks, the lack of vocals not disguising her appreciation for his skillful tongue. For her part, she performed the blowjob; looking at the camera rather than into his eyes as if she was into the whole voyeurism aspect more than trying to get him off. She was moderately active and I hope to see her under better circumstances, even though some of you will enjoy the large load she took to the face to finish the scene.

Scene Seven: 
Shay Jordan, wearing a light colored fishnet outfit, was up next in a masturbation scene that took place in the bathtub. She slowly disrobed as she diddled herself, showcasing her lovely figure nicely except for the reliance of too many close up shots. While this is a personal taste matter, a gal as all around hot as Shay should be given more time in medium shots since they tend to enhance her looks even more (if that's truly possible). She seemed less passionate about taking the glass dildo inside of her pussy too but it was a mediocre scene for the youthful babe in most ways by my standards.

Scene Eight: 
Shay Jordan, up last as a race car groupie, was shown with a variety of outfits on her that barely qualified as outfits by the brick wall and Dodge Charger(?) she was up against. Her partner was Marco Banderas/Duato and in no time at all she was sucking his pipe as though she were on the bonus plan. He felt her ass as she worked his rod over, the gal showing her fine talents one last time before the close of the flick. Marco gave her a licking too, eating her out before they screwed on the car, the gal overacting a bit to compensate for the lack of vocals by the looks of it. The scene ended with a facial and was her weakest of the movie, even though I was given the impression that they were into one another.

Summary: 
Shay Jordan: All American Girl by director Celeste to be released by Digital Playground next month was far from perfect; offering no vocals and a music track that did not always work out for the tempo of the action on the screen. Further, as physically appealing as all the ladies in the movie were, especially Shay, the levels of heat, passion, and chemistry were as mixed as the amount of stroke and replay value for me. Still, there was enough to give it a look as a Rent It since some of you will really like this one and others will find it kind of tame compared to the other titles the company has been known for of late. In short, Shay Jordan: All American Girl was not the best showcase for the young lady but fans will go crazy at the sheer volume of her participation in the movie, a move that can't hurt given what she brings to the table. 


My other porn torrents with detailed screens & description: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pulpfrixion




