*This was made to reduce the load on Wikimedia's servers when they could be doing something else. I've downloaded three Wikipedia dumps from their servers, and I don't think they appreciate a 6GB download from every person that wants Wikipedia, so hopefully word will get around of this so that they can keep their bandwidth.*

I'm not going to make this really complicated, because I don't usually make torrents, but I wanted to make more people aware of the availability of the Wikimedia functions, and especially Wikipedia, that can be viewed effectively offline. Very few things in life are free, but knowledge is one of them, and that can only be sustained through the selfless efforts of many people who seek to better others. However, not everybody may have the technological know-how, the patience, or the time in order to get this to work on their computers, so that's why I made this torrent. The torrent contains Wikitaxi, which is an offline Wiki reader, the current pages-articles dumps for the main 6 Wikimedia projects (Wikipedia, Wiktionary, Wikisource, Wikibooks, Wikiquote and Wikinews), and 6 icons I mocked up in Paint.Net in order to make it look pretty on your desktop.

I guess I don't really need to describe the Wikimedia project, and I have better things to do than Ctrl+V the opining of that egotist Jimbo Wales, so I'll just give a rundown of the 6 projects in this torrent.

Wikipedia – No explanation needed. In my opinion, the best thing that has ever come out of the internet. It is a free, collaborative encyclopedia, with a massive collection of articles moderated by a massive user base and specialists in all fields. The dump in this torrent was created in April of 2010, and the information in this dump includes up to March 15th of the same year. Contains roughly 3 million articles in English [9.7 GB]

Wiktionary – Free, collaborative dictionary and thesaurus. Not too complicated. Not definitive by any measure, but for a general reference it is great. Contains roughly 1.7 million pages in English [524 MB]

Wikisource – Wonderful collection of open source documents, books, poetry and other texts that are reproduced in full. Contains 140000 pages. Perfect for if you have lost a classic novel, or just if you are bored and want to easily kill a night. [1.29 GB]

Wikiquote – “Wikiquote is a repository of quotations taken from famous people, books, speeches, films or any intellectually interesting materials. Proverbs, mnemonics or slogans are also included in Wikiquote.” This was the initial motivation behind this collection actually. Wikiquote is a great online resource, but there is so little content on each page that if you want to find some good stuff on there you really have to take some time out of your day. Not having to wait for each page to load is wonderful for casual browsing. Around 17000 pages in English. [68 MB]

Wikibooks – Open source textbooks created by Wikibooks users to teach various different subjects. Probably the Wikimedia project most compromised by the Wikitaxi system, as it does not support <math> functions, or TeX, but I see no reason to not just have it as a reference. You will have to read the “How To Use WikiTaxi Properly” readme in order to work this, or you will undoubtedly be frustrated with trying to use it, as Wikibooks does not play nice with WikiTaxi. Over 3000 developing books. [125 MB]

Wikinews - “Wikinews has two aims: providing a free content alternative to commercial news sites and making sure that articles are fact-checked and reviewed thoroughly.” On first look, this does not seem to play with WikiTaxi at all, which was frustrating because of how valuable a resource it is. However, by changing the way that you use WikiTaxi for Wikinews, it becomes invaluable for finding not only sourced instant press reactions, something that retrospect prevents Wikipedia from doing, it keeps the comment pages that Wikinews users commented in, which presents a sort of vox pop of the issue when it was current. Be sure to read the “How To Use WikiTaxi Properly” readme. Around 16000 articles in English. [53.6 MB]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I guess that's it. 

On a personal note, if you have friends or relatives that aren't really inclined enough to do this on their own, just set it up for them. The more people that have an offline copy of these important documents, the better. The internet is still a relatively new invention and concept; a paranoid person like me would consider it too fragile to not consider it vulnerable. If something happens that Wikipedia goes down, having this knowledge in the hands of common people is absolutely important. Knowledge and ideas are the only defence against tyranny, and they are the only way to rebuild a collapsed society. I'd recommend plunking down the 80 dollars for a 32GB Memory Stick, formatting it to NTFS, and copying both this torrent and Everything a Kommando Needs  http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4635806/Everything_a_Kommando_Needs  to it. With the cultural, educational, and practical knowledge in both of these torrents, one can be completely self-sufficient and proficient at every important aspect of human existence. I think that's an important enough ideal to hold oneself to.

Also, much thanks to the Wikimedia project for giving such a valuable resource to all people for free. AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GIVE THEM SOME MONEY. If that site goes down due to lack of funds, don't let the blood be on your hands. AFAIK, I haven't broken anyone's copyright, or stolen anything in the making or this torrent, so (surprisingly) this is a 100% legal torrent. Paint.NET, WikiTaxi, OpenOffice and uTorrent are all either open-source or freeware. Logos were taken from the Wikimedia foundation. I am not affiliated with them, but I doubt they will be complaining that they have more bandwidth to work with.