Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"White & Nerdy" is the second single from "Weird Al" Yankovic's album Straight Outta Lynwood, which was released on September 26, 2006. It parodies the song "Ridin'" by Chamillionaire and Krayzie Bone. The song both laments and revels in nerdiness, as recited by the subject who cannot "roll with the gangstas" because he is "just too white and nerdy", and includes constant references to stereotypically nerdy things, such as collecting comic books, playing Dungeons & Dragons (D&D), and editing Wikipedia, as well as stereotypically "white" things, like watching Happy Days and playing ping pong.

Chamillionaire himself put "White & Nerdy" on his official MySpace page, and commented that he enjoys the parody. In an interview, he also stated he was pleasantly surprised by "Weird Al"'s rapping ability, saying: "He's actually rapping pretty good on it, it's crazy ... I didn't know he could rap like that."

The song became Yankovic's first career Top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100, its peak being #9 and beating his previous #12 peak for 1984's "Eat It". This was also his first Top 40 single since 1992's "Smells Like Nirvana". It peaked on the Hot Digital Songs chart at #5. Both the song and the music video reached #1 at the U.S. and Australian iTunes Store, and peaked at #1 on VH1's top 20 video countdown. Both "White & Nerdy" and Straight Outta Lynwood were certified gold, and later platinum, by the RIAA. This marks the first time any one of Yankovic's singles has been certified platinum.

The single has an accompanying music video. The video, loosely parodying the video for Chamillionaire's Ridin', following the song's lyrics, shows Yankovic, dressed as a stereotypical nerd with a button-up shirt, dress slacks, and horned-rimmed glasses, attempting to fit into the "gangsters" but instead either scaring them away, causing them to flip him off, or to direct him away from their group and instead towards a herd of other nerds. Among these scenes include shots that directly parody the "Ridin'" video, including similar outfits by both artists. Yankovic is seen at night dancing in front of a set of road flares arranged in the form of Pac-Man, similar to the shot of Chamillionaire in front of the figure of a lizard, his personal logo. Another repeated scene shows Yankovic along with Donny Osmond—the "whitest guy I could think of", according to Yankovic—dancing in front of the Schrödinger equation for a hydrogen atom, mimicking shots of Chamillionaire and Krayzie Bone from the "Ridin'" video. Whereas Chamillionaire's video ends with the artist throwing up a gang hand sign to the camera, "White & Nerdy" ends with Yankovic giving the Vulcan salute.

Further interspersed among these shots are additional shots of Yankovic demonstrating his "white and nerdy" life, some cased depicting more than just the statements in the lyrics. One scene shows Yankovic blanking the Wikipedia page for Atlantic Records, replacing it with the words (in excessively large type) "YOU SUCK!", referencing his recent trouble with the company in getting permission to release "You're Pitiful", a parody of James Blunt's song "You're Beautiful"; the video is the first appearance of Wikipedia in a music video. The video shows a fictional Trivial Pursuit card, with questions that ask about the location of "The Biggest Ball of Twine in Minnesota", on what page Harry Potter would die in the next book, and the number of Wicket men are there on a 43-Man Squamish team. Yankovic is shown making a shady deal with a thug in a back alley to acquire a VHS copy of The Star Wars Holiday Special.

In addition to Osmond, there are other cameos in the video. Jordan Peele and Keegan-Michael Key of MADtv appear in the blue 1967 Chevy Impala convertible at the beginning of the video, two "gangsters" that are scared away by Yankovic's nerdiness. Seth Green appears in front of a wall display of action figures; Green has a huge personal collection of action figures (including Star Wars) that are stored in a large storage unit he shares with Hugh Sterbakov. Judy Tenuta, a regular on The Weird Al Show and previously appeared in "Headline News", appears as the woman who receives a power strip as a Christmas present. Other actors were personally recruited by Yankovic through a post on his MySpace page, from which he received several interested extras that said they would appear for free. These extras include: Jon Katz, Michael Bueno, Tom Schuler, Peter Withers, John Reynolds, Jennifer More, Christina Rodriguez, Benjamin Baker, Jason Van Kemseke, George Garcia, Deborah Anderson, Cristina Malesci, Shawn Avery, Maxx Gillman, Mikel Browning, Diego Kontarousky, David Stephens, and Jack DeVries. IGN Freelance Editor and MiraCosta College Chariot Copy Editor Jack DeVries is featured twice in the video: once playing Dungeons & Dragons at the beginning and at the end playing ten-pin bowling.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

