Just A Collection Of Antiques And Curios is a live album by English band Strawbs recorded at the Queen Elizabeth Hall London on July 11, 1970 (1970-07-11). The album reached number 27 in the UK Album Charts.

The band line-up had changed dramatically from that of the previous album, Dragonfly. Only founder-members Dave Cousins and Tony Hooper remained, double bass player Ron Chesterman and cellist Claire Deniz being replaced by rhythm section John Ford and Richard Hudson. Rick Wakeman also became a full-time member. Thus the band changed from being a folk quartet to a rock quintet.

The concert was instrumental in bringing Rick Wakeman's virtuosity to the attention of the music media, who prophesied super-stardom for the keyboard player.

Although this album was recorded live, none of the tracks on the original vinyl pressing were released on any studio album except for "Where is This Dream of Your Youth", originally released as a track on the studio album Strawbs.

[edit] Side one
"Martin Luther King's Dream" (Dave Cousins) – 2:53 
"The Antique Suite" (Cousins) – 12:12 
"The Reaper" 
"We Must Cross the River" 
"Antiques and Curios" 
"Hey It's Been a Long Time" 
"Temperament of Mind" (Rick Wakeman) – 4:50 
[edit] Side two
"Fingertips" (Cousins) – 6:14 
"Song of a Sad Little Girl" (Cousins) – 5:28 
"Where Is This Dream Of Your Youth" (Cousins) – 9:07 
                     Bonus tracks
The following tracks are offered as bonus tracks on the A&M re-issue CD.

"The Vision Of The Lady Of The Lake" (Cousins) – 10:03 
"We'll Meet Again Sometime" (Cousins) – 4:17 
"Forever" (Cousins, Tony Hooper) – 3:32 
"Forever" is a studio track and was released as a single in 1970. All other tracks were taken from the concert recording.

             Personnel
Dave Cousins – vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, dulcimer 
Tony Hooper – vocals, acoustic guitar, tambourine 
Rick Wakeman – piano, organ, harpsichord, celeste 
John Ford – vocals, bass guitar 
Richard Hudson – vocals, congas, percussion, sitar 
            Recording
Produced and mixed by Tony Visconti 
Recorded by Bob Auger 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed

