 http://bayimg.com/paEBEAACa

Rex Miller, Mark Miller, "Air Conditioning and Refrigeration"
MgH Professional | 2006 | ISBN: 0071467882 | 626 pages | PDF 

Air Conditioning and Refrigeration helps you understand today's cooling and climate control systems-so expertly that you can use it as the foundation for a career! Clear instructions-with over 800 photographs and illustrations-offer step-by-step guidance to learning the trade for students, professionals, and homeowners who want to do their own installations or repairs.

Written by experienced teachers Rex and Mark R. Miller-whose Carpentry & Construction has been a building classic for more than 25 years-Air Conditioning and Refrigeration has all the task-simplifying details you need for any project. In the popular Miller style, this complete and current guide helps:

New and student technicians. Build on-the-job skills and the knowledge needed to succeed in a fast-growing, lucrative field. AC and refrigeration pros. Refine and update skills, with full information on the latest cost-cutting technologies, refrigerants, and tools. Do-it-yourself and homeowners. Make expert equipment and tool choices and achieve superior results, economically. Service personnel, technicians, contractors, engineers, and facility managers. Find up-to-date information on codes, standards, safety tips, and methods. Anyone who needs clear, illustrated, step-by-step instructions for efficient, cost-effective, and current methods in choosing, installing, maintaining, troubleshooting, servicing, and repairing today's AC and refrigeration equipment.Summary: Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Rating: 1This book smacks of being done by researchers, not experts in the field. It is very outdated. It does not feature modern refrigerants, tools, or service techniques. While some of the information will always be applicable to the field, the information is researched, borrowed...not from the authors' experience in the field. My father was teaching me in the late 1960's. Had he given me this book I would have thought it useful but a bit old fashioned. You can tell the authors do not practice in the field or the shop or they would have realized their information was from the refrigeration dinosaur age!

Professional-level air conditioning and refrigeration guidance to get the job done faster, better, and at less cost
This heavily-illustrated resource is great for do-it-yourself, weekend repairmen, as well as seasoned air conditioning and refrigeration technicians who want to stay on top of the latest methods, materials, equipment, codes, standards, and safety tips.

Filled with easy-to-read tables and charts, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration covers:

Fundamentals of air conditioning and refrigeration
Step-by-step instructions for installation, repair, and maintenance
Troubleshooting advice
Problems and worked-out equations will have SI units for international usage
Professional organizations
Important web sites
Valuable tips on buying air conditioning or refrigeration units
The most up-to-date tools and devices used in the trade 