Description taken from the accompanying book:

Product Description
Develop strength, power, coordination, balance, and core stability using the medicine ball and stability ball exercises included in Strength Ball Training. Preferred by elite athletes, fitness experts, and strength and conditioning specialists, these exercises train the body as a linked system rather than targeting muscles in isolation.

Exercises start with the core, where most movements are initiated, and then move out to the periphery, combining strength and balance in all the major muscle groups and the supporting muscles. And the enclosed companion DVD shows you how to perform the most complex and advanced exercises.

Strength Ball Training also includes a sample 16-week program with an excellent array of strength, flexibility, and balance challenges that may also be customized to design your own strength ball program. 




Contents


Chapter 1. The Strength Ball Advantage
Chapter 2. Training With the Strength Ball
Chapter 3. Core Stabilization
Chapter 4. Core Rotation
Chapter 5. Legs and Hips
Chapter 6. Chest
Chapter 7. Shoulders and Upper Back
Chapter 8. Abdominals, Lower Back, and Glutes
Chapter 9. Biceps, Triceps, and Forearms
Chapter 10. Whole Body
Chapter 11. Flexibility
Chapter 12. Strength Ball Programs

Lorne Goldenberg has worked as a strength and conditioning coach for the Florida Panthers, Ottawa Senators Hockey Club, St. Louis Blues, Chicago Blackhawks, Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, Windsor Spitfires, and the Ottawa 67's. He lectures internationally on a variety of topics, including stability ball exercises and ground-based sports conditioning, for such groups as the National Strength and Conditioning Association, Society of Weight Training Injury Specialists, provincial associations, and professional teams. He has written for the NSCA Journal of Strength and Conditioning, Ironman, Physical, Men's Journal, Hockey Life, and Hockey Now. 

Goldenberg is the president of Strength Tek Fitness & Wellness Consultants, which provides workplace health and wellness programs across Canada (www.strengthtek.com). He also is the president of the Athletic Conditioning Center, which is Ottawa's only sport conditioning facility for the serious athlete (www.accottawa.com). He lives in Ottawa, Ontario, with his children, Isaak and Danielle.

Peter Twist is the former strength and conditioning coach for the Vancouver Canucks and is currently president of Twist Conditioning Incorporated (www.twistconditioning.com), an athlete conditioning company with franchised athlete conditioning centers; one-on-one and team training; a line of 350 sport fitness products; and sport conditioning specialist certifications delivered by Twist Master Coaches throughout Canada, the United States, Australia, and the United Kingdom. A frequent guest lecturer at international fitness conferences and coaching clinics, Twist delivers workshops on sport conditioning to personal trainers, conditioning coaches, sport coaches, teachers, and medical professionals around the globe. 

Twist has authored 7 books, 16 DVDs, and over 400 articles on functional training. He also provides exercise information via home study to athletes, parents, and exercise professionals in several countries. 

An NSCA-certified strength and conditioning specialist with a master's degree in coaching science from the University of British Columbia, Twist served as president of the Hockey Conditioning Coaches Association, editor of the Journal of Hockey Conditioning, and NSCA provincial director for British Columbia. Twist lives in North Vancouver with his wife Julie, daughters Zoe and Mackenzie, and dogs Rico and Loosy.


"As a coach I have seen how the exercises in Strength Ball Training have benefited my players. The power, stability, and balance that can be developed are exactly what any athlete needs to succeed in sports."

Jacques Martin 
Head coach and general manager, Florida Panthers NHL hockey club


“Strength Ball Training has been an important part of my hockey preparation for many years. It gets me ready to play!”

Daniel Alfredsson
Captain, Ottawa Senators hockey club NHL


“Balance, strength, stability and power is what you need on the ice and it's what I get from Strength Ball Training!” 

Gary Roberts
Assistant captain Florida Panthers hockey club NHL


Check: http://www.humankinetics.com/products/all-products/strength-ball-training-2nd-edition

Check: Google books: Strength Ball Training

Language: English, no subs available.