From AllMusic.com:

Artist: Curve
Album: The New Adventures of Curve
Rating: 3/5
Release Date: May 2002
Label: Curve Music

Shock of all shocks, The New Adventures of Curve aren't so much different than the old ones. Since Curve's fan base hasn't exactly gone through a drastic shift between 1991 and 2002, it's generally happy with the duo sticking to the same sound, which has shown very subtle variations from release to release. Since the duo's first single, several groups have attempted to mimic that sound or use that formula — dark dance beats, blurs of grinding guitars, a vulnerable but deadly vocal command — to no good effect. (Pick an action film or teensploitation soundtrack from the last several years at random, and odds are you'll find at least one short-lived, stale-sounding Curve clone.) Or, in Garbage's case, that template has been shrewdly polished and taken to the mainstream to very good effect. Throughout all of this, Curve has retained a very specific sound, and their enduring relevance has also had a good deal to do with the production, which has given their records an up-to-date or ahead-of-the-times feel. Curve has the small market they occupy cornered. So here's another web-only exclusive from the group that neither stands up to their best work nor dilutes it. Roughly half of these songs would make a suitable backdrop for a scene in a Gregg Araki film, in which the bodies of two malnourished androgynymphs feverishly tangle. These roaring numbers, as always, are tempered with slower, quieter material. The biggest (possibly only) surprise is what's stuck at the end of this disc: a strange little rave-up sung by multi-instrumentalist Dean Garcia. Despite the fact that their records no longer sound completely unique, Garcia and Toni Halliday continue to please their loyal fan base while the popularity they deserve eludes them. At this point, they really couldn't care. Why should they? 

01 Answers (5:28)
02 Till the Cows Come Home (6:55)
03 Every Good Girl (7:38)
04 Cold Comfort [Deepsky Remix] (6:25)
05 Star (6:46)
06 Nice and Easy (3:27)
07 Signals and Alibis (7:12)
08 Sinner (5:11)
09 Joy (4:27)

-----

CURVE. "THE NEW ADVENTURES OF CURVE"

Produced Engineered and Recorded by Curve
Recorded and Mixed at Todal 2002
All songs written by Halliday / Garcia

Toni Halliday Vocals Lyrics
Dean Garcia Bass Drums Guitars Vocals Programming
Alan Moulder Additional Guitars and FX Tracks 2 5 7

Recorded using Mac Pro Tools between Jan / May 2002
Mixed by Alan Moulder
Star mixed by Alan Moulder and Rob Kirwan
Answers Nice and Easy and Joy mixed by Dean Garcia
Mastered by Paul Davies at the Townhouse
Sleeve Design and Photography www.flatearth.co.uk
Press Phill Savidge www.savageandsavidge.com

All songs published by CURVE copyright control

"Thanks to all those good good people"
A   F A T L I P   2 0 0 2   recording

UK release (June 2002)
