All Star Anal Sluts (2010)
 
http://www.spicetvstore.com/index2.asp?userid=99366737035822 
http://adultmoviesandtoys.com/catalog/product_info.php/products_id/119079/af/906

Studio 	Evil Angel
Release Date Aug 14, 2010
Category All Sex, Anal, Star-Power
Director Manuel Ferrara
Starring Jenna Haze, Kristina Rose, Phoenix Marie, Annette Schwarz, Amy Brooke, Naomi, Tarra White, Greg Centauro, Jandi Lin, Mike Hash, Johnny Fender, Mia Rose, Joe Blow, Joe Rock, Judith Fox, D-Snoop, Cecilia Vega, Manuel Ferrara, David Perry, Steve Holmes, Ian Scott, Brandon Iron


Director/star stud/bon vivant Manuel Ferrara presents All-Star Anal Sluts, a dazzling array of gorgeous beauties, ferocious lust and breathtakingly intense anal sex. The result combines some of the finest butt fuck performances in the current XXX generation and succinctly sums up the power of Manuel's sexuality on one double-DVD compilation. Glamorous, petite, dirty blonde Jenna Haze looks stunning as she teases the camera skimpily wrapped in hot pink bondage tape, with her gorgeous, naked ass protruding. She crawls to the camera and begs for cock somehow both sweetly and nastily, but Jenna proves to be a verbally filthy girl throughout this scene. After mouth and pussy fucks heat her up, she takes a doggie-style rump reaming, her perfectly round cheeks tiny in comparison to Manuel's monster meat. She sucks it clean of her own ass juice, then goes back for a lot more anal stuffing. Jenna talks a lot of furious shit when she's not whimpering in joy. It takes her two little hands to jerk his load onto her tongue and face; then all that's left is to spread and display the still pretty pink anus she says has been "destroyed." French filly Cecilia Vega's scene starts sensationally: On a street at night, Manuel finds Steve Holmes nailing irrepressible Cecilia's ass as it pokes out of a car window! By the light of Manuel's flashlight, Steve spanks her, fucks her mouth (A2M-style) and displays the pink innards of her gaping anus. But she's only starting inside, Manuel fucks her face and ass till she howls. Again she tastes her ass on a cock, and rims his. Manuel drags her by the hair to an entire gang of dudes with ready erections. A rough anal orgy starts with Cecilia at the center of a circle-suck. She deep-throats dicks and her ass sways seductively as she licks Steve's ass. Her face is cock-whipped, she's thoroughly double-penetrated and she accumulates six loads of jism in her mouth before swallowing every sperm besides those spilled on her face and tits. Racy, little Latina Kristina Rose is always arousing to watch and always an insatiable bucket of lust, but never more than with Manuel. After a lengthy tease session she smears his face with her wet holes and yanks his head up her crack, but he reminds her who's in charge, dunking her head in a toilet! That just makes a horny, submissive ass freak desperate, and soon she's deeply tonguing his asshole, then somehow deep-throating his fat prick. She spreads her behind with both hands, inserting six fingers in her bunghole, and he butt-fucks her right into the bed. Like the entire scene, this is hard, intense, loudly loin-slapping sex that leaves her thrilled. For the finale he drags the crawling slut by the hair and dunks her head in another toilet, then flushes it as he spanks and porks her asshole. Amy Brooke's God-sculpted ass, her deep-seated, anal-centric lust and her pretty, winking butthole ring seduce Manuel. He straps on a blue dildo to give her a one-man double-penetration: his prick in her butt and the strap-on in her twat! The talkative tramp exclaims, "I wanna suck your cock and see how good I taste." A doggie-style, to-the-balls ass-porking makes her gape, and she takes three toys simultaneously up her ass. Manuel also goes straight up Mia Rose's hot, little butt. This is another long, intense scene in which the girl's real orgasms are made obvious by the flushing of her skin and her incessant writhing, gasping and bellowing. She deep-throats cock A2M-style and takes a frenetic anal pounding that makes her declare, "You're a fucking god!" Her twat gets worked too, and as she grinds on his dong her exhausted, pink-purple rosebud winks. When Manuel finds statuesque blonde Phoenix Marie nearly naked in a Jacuzzi, he declares that her ass belongs in the Louvre. It's all the more artistic as it gapes widely for his tongue immediately following a straight-to-the-ass fuck. Phoenix calls herself a dirty girl and says she likes being manhandled and having her face and ass smacked; Manuel obliges in this rough scene, thoughtfully choking and pulling hair too. Face-sitting, 69 and rim jobs going both directions decorate this scene. Manuel and Judith Fox start playing in public - she flashes him and fingers herself in a restaurant, and she strips naked and blows him to orgasm in the kitchen! She brings him home for an ass-flavored threesome with her pretty brunette girlfriend Rebecca. And if you like spectacular Eastern Europeans, you'll love Manuel's poolside anal workout with Tarra White. The glam blonde looks especially fetching in a sheer swimsuit and shades. Her pretty, pink anus shows as he vigorously fucks her pussy; spanks to her ass and the slapping of their bodies echo. With his bone lodged up her ass, Tarra's blonde locks fly in reverie; she sucks cock ass-to-mouth and her butthole gapes lewdly
