From Kink.com      (Fuckingmachines) + Pics




Vicki married into the industry, literally. She went from bank teller to being naked in 3 months. She's still a wet-behind-the-ears amateur and has definitely never seen a fucking machine before let alone spread her pussy for one. 
We show her a whole new side to her clit with jets of water making her cum while a machine pumps her deep to orgasm. 
Vicki's husband didn't want her to do the machines, after seeing her cum on one, even she understood why...but don't worry you can't legally divorce and marry a robot. 


Screens  http://www.fuckingmachines.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=8718



Lorelei Lee and Charley Chase really like each other. Their attraction is instant and almost competitive as they test how much pain and pleasure they can push the other to take. 
Charley probes Lorelei's ass with a stainless steel rod, clamps her nipples with forceps and hand fucks her pussy until she cums. And this is only the foreplay... 
Lorelei straddles the Sybian while driving the biggest fucking dick - a 10 inch monster - on the fastest fucking machine - The Intruder - making Charley squirt far in to the air. 
Hotness meets messiness as these two cum all over the floor.



Screens  http://www.fuckingmachines.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=8285


There is nothing that compares to the moan or in this case the scream that escapes when a girl puts something in her ass. If you are an expert at anal, then usually the moan is a mixed sound of effort and pleasure, if you've never stuck anything more than a finger for more than one second in your butt before - as was the case with Halie - then you scream with a mixture of 1) surprise 2) pain 3) tolerance. 
All three sounds escape Halie as she is determined to lose her ass virginity to the machines. She sweats, she groans, she cums, she rolls over in victory.



Screens  http://www.fuckingmachines.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=8440



Monica Santiago is Brazilian. BRA-ZIL-IAN. If the tooth floss tan lines didn't give that away, then one look at her luscious, sweet, orbital, shaking, bouncy, full, round, perfect, juicy ass will. 
Holy. 
Monica also really likes anal. She likes big toys, and as she discovers she likes those toys pounding faster than humanly possible. When pretty girls contort their faces, forget about their bodies and scream in pleasure like Monica, then you know, you know, that the orgasm is genuine and uncontrollable. She gets so into the machine she shoves the dick into her pussy - something she NEVER does on camera. 

If I could, I would invent touch-o-vision so you could reach into your screen and grab this ass. I barely contained myself with it jiggling in my face. Lord have mercy. Enjoy this girl, she goes back to Brazil next month. 



Screens  http://www.fuckingmachines.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=8789



Cheers  :-)