Doctor.Who.Destiny.Of.The.Doctors.PC.Game(djDEVASTATE™)


This a graphical PC computer game based on the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.  The story revolves around the original 7 Doctors and The Master.  And, of course, as you can see from the picture above, features many of the classic Doctor Who monsters.

A nice overview of the game can be found in Wikipedia 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Destiny_of_the_Doctors

Another comprehensive review can be found here:

One nice thing about the above review is that it has it also has a nice little cheat tutorial, although some people, myself included, see it as a helpful mod rather than a "cheat".

The game is challenging!  Not that the puzzle solving is all that hard, but it could be considered a "timed game" in that you only have a certain amount of energy that starts to count down as soon as gameplay begins.  Once you are out of energy....GAME OVER.  There are opportunities to gain more energy through blue crystals, but mostly it just goes down....FAST.  But don't let that discourage you.  It wouldn't be fun if it were too easy!

It's my opinion that is why the game got so many bad reviews.  There are other things that could use improvement (controls, etc.) but it is still playable, and even enjoyable.  Looking at the reviews on Amazon.uk, people either loved it or hated it.  Plus, online you can find more reviews than what I referenced above, some positive, some negative.  Interestingly, I found no entry in mobygames, my usual "go to" source.

All in all, the best thing to do is just download it and play it (with mod or without...that is up to your own conscience) and decide yourself.

Gameplay:

Gameplay is from the first person perspective; however, you can "shift your energy" to any of the security cameras in the current room to get a better view of things.

The keyboard is the main control device, but the mouse is used to pick up things and interact with the TARDIS.

It is not a pure point and click adventure, nor really a full FPS, but more of a hybrid.


Extract Archive With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........

Then Mount Image Or Burn To CD

Install The Game And Play


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED





