Rainmeter


What is Rainmeter?

Rainmeter is a desktop customization platform. Through Rainmeter, you can enhance your
Windows computer at home or work with skins: handy, compact applets which float freely
on your desktop, much like Windows Sidebar gagdgets, or dashboard widgets for the Mac.

Rainmeter skins provide you with useful information at a glance. It's easy to keep an eye
on your system resources, like memory and battery power, or your online data streams,
including email, RSS feeds, and weather forecasts. Many skins are even functional: they can
record your notes and to-do lists, launch your favorite applications, and send your tweets to
Twitter - all in a clean, unobtrusive interface that you can rearrange and customize to your liking.

Every inch of a skin is completely customizable. Rainmeter skins are written in a simple, elegant
language that's easy to learn for anyone who's willing to put in the effort. Skins call upon measures,
a set of powerful built-in modules that do all the heavy lifting, and create interactive meters to
display that information however you decide. In this way, Rainmeter brings productive innovation together
with creative artistry like no other platform of its kind.

To display temperatures, you’ll need the free program “Speedfan”.It is included in this torrent.


Instructions:

Unrar with WinRAR or 7z.

To install a new skin just copy the selected folder in C:UsersYour NameMy DocumentsRainmeterSkins.

To install a new plugin just copy paste the(.dll)file in C:Program FilesRainmeterPlugins.

Just right click on the rainmeter system tray icon and select refresh all to load new skins and plugins.

To select individual gadgets -> right click on Rainmeter system tray icon -> Configs -> Skins -> gadget(.ini)

To close a gadget -> right click on the gadget -> Skin Menu -> Close Skin


Note:

This torrent contains Rainmeter setup and some of the most popular Rainmeter skins.

All the content is safe and free of malware.

If you have any difficulty then post it and it will be answered as soon as possible.

If you liked this torrent then seed it as long as possible.

Post comments on the torrent.


Thank You.


AlphaR11
