The Flexi™ FAMILY offers a full line of 6 different products for professional sign making. Whether you are looking for a simple package for text layout and vinyl cutting, high production features with cutting and printing tools or something in between, SAi has a software solution for you.

Smart, Easy and Powerful
Print & Cut Made Quick, Easy and Accurate
Gerber™ User Support
Complete Color Separation Controls

FlexiSIGN-PRO™
The SAi flagship product, offers the total solution for any Sign Making business. With genuine Adobe® PostScript® 3 RIP engine, ICC profile support and built-in direct drivers, FlexiSIGN-PRO offers a complete set of design, cutting,
RIPing and printing tools for maximum productivity.

FlexiEXPERT™
The package for the professional sign
maker who requires advanced vinyl cutting and bitmap editing
tools, without color-printing output.  FlexiEXPERT includes full
design, text serialization and color tracing features, as well as job
estimating for accurate project management and design templates for faster production.

FlexiPRINT & CUT™
Abrand-new design, scanning and tracing software package with complete cutting output.  FlexiPRINT & CUT has the versatility to RIP and print to two devices simultaneously.  Text Styles and Job Statistics are also included for impeccable results. 

FlexiSIGN™
The mid-level Sign Making package provides exceptional tools to produce high-quality signage without a large initial investment. In addition to design, vinyl cutting, scanning and
tracing capabilities, FlexiSIGN also includes Job Statistics and Text
Styles for enhanced performance..

FlexiLETTER™ 
The entry-level layout and cutting package,
features file import/export, full text manipulation and direct drivers for the industry's most popular vinyl cutters.

FlexiDESIGNER™ 
A program you can use as a second, design-only station.  Get all the design, layout and image editing features of FlexiSIGN-PRO, as well as file preparation for output on another Flexi Family station, without the full price investment. Offers the total solution for any sign making business.


FlexiENGRAVE™
The premier engraving and design solution for any size shop. This program is for the professional sign maker who requires engraving, bitmap editing, full design, text serialization and many other features.


LANGUAGES:
Chineese
Japaneese
Korean
English
Spanish
French
German
Dutch
Portuguese
Italian

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
IMPORTANT:

No Serial or Crack/Patch inside

Just for use only with already purchased Dongle Key and Serial number
or in DEMO MODE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------