. 


TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene. we are the most on-time tracker around the globe,
You can download releases whenever they release out by group uploaders. no Wait Time.

TorrentDay is a private tracker torrent website, which is totally free, safe and fast.


Higher Speed Download is available at: TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.


.

Torrentday : Clean RAR Scene File - Enjoy and don't forget to leave Thanks


Enjoy :)

...................................NFO:....................................


.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                     We.Are.Family.S01E02.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2009.12.07
              Genre...........: Documentary

       2/4 - The Deebles
       Families make us what we are. They are our past, our present and 
       our future. They define and identify us and, as we all know from 
       personal experience, are hugely complicated.
       
       The Deeble family is no exception. In this moving film, we follow 
       as, over the course of one extraordinary weekend, they come 
       together to confront and bury the ghosts of a past that has 
       haunted all of them.
       
       Like many others during the 1950s and early 1960s, Reginald Deeble 
       came to the UK from the West Indies in search of a better life for 
       his young family. But sadly, not long after settling in Port Talbot 
       in South Wales, tragedy struck when Reginald's wife died leaving 
       him to care for their five children.
       
       Unable to cope alone, Reginald was forced to take drastic action. 
       He had a photograph taken of the family, dressed up in their Sunday 
       best, and sent it home to Jamaica with the aim of attracting a 
       surrogate mother for his children. Months later 'Aunt' Nomi arrived 
       on the doorstep and their lives and family would never the same 
       again.
       
       For nearly four decades Linda, Ishmael, Lloyd, Selina and Derek 
       have buried their feelings about 'Aunt' Nomi and the dramatic 
       impact she had on their family. Now, for the first time, all five 
       Deeble children, surrounded by husbands, wives, children and 
       grandchildren, are coming together to share the painful memories of 
       childhood and finally face up to what happened to them all those 
       years ago.
       
       It is a weekend of extreme highs and desperate lows. But even if 
       the siblings can come to terms with their difficult past, will it 
       be enough to bring the family back together? Can this reunion kick-
       start a process of reconciliation that will bring the Deebles 
       closer than they've ever been?


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * 100mbit or gigabit archive sites for TV/XVID/ETC
           * 1080p or 720p rippers pre retail or classics
           * Fios cappers in u.s
           * U.K or Pre Retail Dvdrippers
           * Internal 100mbit 1tb+ dump sites for Exlusive group usage
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai