Perfect Optimizer is an advanced registry analyzer and optimizer that can boost your computer's performance and improve the overall speed of your system. It offers an extremely powerful and stable scanning technology, and complete protection against data loss during the optimization process. It also features a powerful defragmentation engine that allows you to improve the access to the system registry by optimizing disk accesses to the files that comprise your Windows registry.

Features:

Home Interface Tool
Home Interface is a unique feature of Perfect Optimizer. It includes 9 powerful tools that you can use to repair registry errors, clean junk files and privacy, protect your personal information, block malware and optimize Windows startup to improve your system performance. You can see your system status and detailed guides about how to operate Perfect Optimizer on the Home Interface.

System Repair Tools
Optimize your system, clean and repair Windows registry, fix PC crashes and error messages, restore IE default settings. It is the Most Comprehensive System Repair Tool on the Market. Moreover Perfect Optimizer can repair shortcuts and file association to avoid system restore.

System Speedup Tools
System speedup tools of Perfect Optimizer include memory optimizer, startup speedup, system speedup and internet optimizer. These tools allow you to make your Windows computer faster, more efficient and more secure; and optimize your internet speed up to 150% by changing the reservable bandwith limit while boosting your RAM memory.

Unique 1-Click Tool
Perfect Optimizer's All-In-One Unique Feature: One Click Maintenance will easily scan, repair, and optimize your computer system. Your PC's overall hardware and software performance will be improved immediately. 1-Click Maintenance removes temporary files, cleans your registry errors and defragments your hard drive to optimize the performance of your PC.

System Optimizer Tools
Perfect Optimizer's system optimizers will get rid of all those unnecessary files that crash your PC and end up system instability.
It will also clean and optimize your PC, making it running faster and more efficient. Its windows startup option gives you the ability to remove files and programs that you don't wish to start when windows starts. Running Perfect Optimizer regularly will boost your system performance.

Backup and Restore Tools
Another Perfect Optimizer feature is backup and restore tools. Perform a full backup of your system files, registry, favorite websites, driver at any time you wish. If you encounter a system problem, backup and restore tools in Perfect Optimizer make it easier for you to keep your data safe from user error, hardware failure, and other problems.

System Cleaner Tools
Perfect Optimizer allows you to fix registry errors to keep your registry running smoothly, get rid of junk files, duplicate files and invalid shortcuts to increase hard drive space, clean browser history to protect your privacy and clean spyware to ensure the security of your computer. The system cleaner tools can do a lot to make sure that your system is running to the peak of its ability.

Privacy and Security Tools
Perfect Optimizer safeguards against bad ActiveX, worms, ad popups, spyware and viruses by scanning for the latest updated threats. Eliminate malicious threats on contact using the real time scanning capabilities. You can also encrypt file, folder and disk; and block programs and malicious websites to protect your personal information like bank accounts, passwords and credit card numbers.

System Update Tools
Perfect Optimizer is designed to help keep your computer current and more secure by automatically downloading and installing the latest security and feature updates from Microsoft, scan your system and display the update option to help enjoy the latest version drivers and optimize your computer, and update your software and enjoy great new features and performance improvements. 