BABE

Holy Breasticles Batman! This weeks Creampie Thais model features busty gogo dancer Bebe from Bangkok. This 19 year old stands at 5 feet tall and weighs in at only 98lbs. And honestly, I think a quarter of this girls weight is all in her 
NATURAL Asian tits. Bebe's Boobies are FANTASTIC, all natural, perky and just waiting to be played with. And play with them I did...hey it's a hard job but someones gotta do it heheh. Bebe didn't really want to waste time talking ( a girl 
after my own heart ) and quickly proceeded to get down on her knees and milk my bone. After a blowjob that can only be described as legendary, I have her ride me cowgirl so I ( and you ) can get an up close look at those perfect tits 
flopping up and down. A few positions later and my Jizz has found a new home: Bebe's prime Asian pussy! 

MALI

Oh My! This is Grade A quality Thai pussy here boys! Feast your horny lil' eyes on 18 year old go-go dancer Mali. After a few days of just pounding freelancers, it was time to dip my pole in some Thai bargirl pussy. 18 year old Mali has the 
nicest natural tits, a juicy brown ass, and the delectable slit pussy just perfect for a Creampie. For as tiny as this Asian girl is, she takes the cock like a champ! Small mouth, small pussy, BIG appetite for cock. Thai girl Mali sucks my 
cock with such vigor I almost blow all over her pretty face, but alas I must be strong and wait to shoot my load inside 
her tiny slit pussy. After the pounding Mali took, im surprised she was even able to walk off the Creampie Thais set. Want to see the tightest pussy in Thailand? Look no further my horny Thai lovers!  

JO

Is there anything better than a soapy massage? *thinking*...mmm no! This week's Creampie Thais model is 22 year old Jo, a masseuse at one of the more popular Soapy Massage parlors in Bangkok. Jo is one of my regulars and does SUCH a good job soaping up my body ( and cock ) that I decided to order the "in house" service. Jo wastes no time in stripping nude and hopping in the tub. A few minutes into the mini soapy, this Thai cutie takes control of my cock and gives it a healthy slobbering with her mouth. Horny Jo wants to give a blowjob, handjob, and get her 22 year old fuck hole fingered -- all at once. Talk about multi tasking! I finish the scene by shooting a thick load of cum DEEP inside Jo's warm and inviting Thai pussy. 
