Downloaded from other single torrents on TPB
Torrents for episodes 102, 105, 107 and 108 are dead.
Episodes 109-118 were never posted.

Thanks very much to Yokky for originally posting the torrents - Yokky, if you read this: please post the rest, or at least seed the other torrents.


101 www.meg aupload.com/?d=2BEGRPUP
103 www.meg aupload.com/?d=YLPWOQLA
104 www.meg aupload.com/?d=6TB5QYP6
106 www.meg aupload.com/?d=GS8FEJCU
108 www.meg aupload.com/?d=M8KIE32K
xmas www.meg aupload.com/?d=1XC6BIWW



From official website:
An hour of inter-generational laughs!

Hold on to your rib cages, because much loved comic and TV host Shaun Micallef is about to set prime time alight with his hilarious, inter-generational quiz show Talkin' 'bout your Generation! Produced by Granada Productions for Network Ten this exciting new show pits the three generations – Baby Boomers, Generation  and Gen Y – against each other in an our-long battle of wits. It's a laugh-filled quest to determine which generation really does know more, and more importantly who knows best! Each week our regular team GENerals Amanda Keller (BB), Charlie Pickering (X) and Josh Thomas (Y) will be joined by three sensational celebrity guests from across the generations.

The three teams will answer questions and face challenges from the worlds of film and television, music, news and current affairs, fads, advertising, sport, fashion and more. With points awarded not only for correct answers, but also for entertaining gags and off-beat performances, the show is guaranteed to put the zest back into zeitgeist.


From wikipedia:
Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation is an Australian  game show produced by Granada Productions which premiered on Network Ten on May 5, 2009. It is hosted by Shaun Micallef.[1]

The first season ran for 18 episodes, with the original production order extended due to the success of the show.[2] A second season of 22 episodes began airing from February 7, 2010. Season two went on a planned hiatus as of episode 10 on 18 April 2010, and will finish its run from September 2010.

Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation is an hour-long quiz show testing the popular culture knowledge of teams from three different cultural generations. The generation team captains are Amanda Keller (Baby Boomers), Charlie Pickering (Generation X) and Josh Thomas (Generation Y). Each team captain is joined by a different guest each episode who represents, but is not necessarily part of, their respective generations (e.g. Ian Smith and George Negus have featured as Baby Boomers but are actually members of the Silent Generation).

Typically, each episode features six rounds with the three teams competing in various themed games which feature wordplay-based names such as "What's a doodle doo?", "Name that Tune" and "All the Right Moves". One point is awarded for each correct answer, though in practice points can be awarded or deducted at Shaun's own discretion. The first three rounds involve the contestants buzzing in first to give their answer. Games played in these rounds can involve identifying missing television characters from a cast picture, identifying a company name from a partially constructed logo, or identifying a catchphrase and its origin from a t-shirt.

The fourth round sees teams choosing from four categories from the main display (dubbed the "magic window"), and often involves their participation on the studio floor on their part. Games include matching up celebrity pairs (such as famous mothers and daughters) on the screen, ransacking a period setting to identify anachronistic items, and performing charades. The fifth round, called "Your Generation", sees all teams quizzed in turn on themed questions relevant to their particular generation. In this round points can be lost with each incorrect answer.

The final round, called End Game or Which Generation Is Best At..., sees all teams trying to complete a physical task, usually to be judged by Shaun. The number of points up for grabs in this round is determined by the amount of points the winning team is ahead by at this stage of the game; therefore the winner of the End Game is the winner of the episode.