The Bro Code 
by Barney Stinson 

October 20, 2008

At long last I have published "The Bro Code" -- the final authority on acceptable behavior between and among dudes. "The Bro Code" definitively answers some of mankind's most profound dilemmas like "what happens if I accidentally brush against another Bro's junk?" and "how many pizzas should I order?" and "can I sleep with a Bro's ex-girlfriend?" This life-saving document is now available both in book stores and online. 

An informative and valuable read for men and women alike, "The Bro Code" is the perfect stocking stuffer (heh) this holiday season, but don't take my word for it...

Critical Acclaim for "The Bro Code"

"This is the finest piece of literature ever written. Now will you give me my phone back, Barney?"
--Theodore M.

"This is by far the most disgusting, disparaging, stomach churning thing I've ever read, which means a lot if you've ever seen one of my husband's grocery lists."
--Lily A.

"You'll howl... with delight!"
--Stephen King

"Stinson uses language like a scalpel, digging though our deepest emotional tissue to expose the very core of the human psyche."
--Mike Tyson

"Finally! A book worth reading!"
--God

"Stinson beat me to it."
--J.D. Salinger

"Jefferson's out, Stinson's in!"
--Rachel M. (President - Mount Rushmore National Preservation Society)

"An entertaining beach read."
--Pope Benedict XVI

"Ewww."
--Robin S.

"Out of this world!"
--Alien (creature from another planet)

"I'm sorry what?"
--Maya Angelou

"I have a hundred words for 'snowflake' but only one word for 'The Bro Code,' - awesome!"
--Some Eskimo maybe

"This book makes me want to rethink my career."
--Mark (the dude who wrote the Gospel 



"above taken from Barney's Blog, below from amazon descriptions"

"The Bro Code"
Everyone's life is governed by an internal code of conduct. Some call it morality. Others call it religion. But Bros in the know call this holy grail the Bro Code.

Historically a spoken tradition passed from one generation to the next, the official code of conduct for Bros appears here in its published form for the first time ever. By upholding the tenets of this sacred and legendary document, any dude can learn to achieve Bro-dom.


INTRODUCTION

Whether we know it or not, each of us lives a life governed by an internalized code of conduct. Some call it morality. Others call it religion. I call it "the Bro Code."

For centuries men have attempted to follow this code with no universal understanding of what such an arrangement meant: Is it okay to hug a Bro?* If I'm invited to a Bro's wedding, do I really have to bring a gift?  Can I sleep with a Bro's sister or mother or both?

Now, for the first time on paper, I have recorded the rules of social decorum that Bros have practiced since the dawn of man...if not before. The Bro Code previously existed only as an oral tradition (heh), so I have journeyed the globe to piece together and transcribe the scattered fragments of the Bro Code, pausing only to flesh it out myself (double heh). While not intending to write a "Guide to Being a Bro," if men should treat it as such and pass this compendium of knowledge from one generation to the next, I have little doubt it would bring a tear to my eye. But not out of it. That would be a violation of Article 41: A Bro never cries.

It is my hope that, with a better understanding of the Bro Code, Bros the world over can put aside their differences and strengthen the bonds of brotherhood. It is then, and only then, that we might work together as one to accomplish perhaps the most important challenge society faces -- getting laid. Before dismissing this pursuit as crass and ignoble, consider this postulate: without the sport inherent in trying to bang chicks, would men willingly have sex for the sole purpose of producing smelly, screaming babies?

Centuries from now, when a Bro applies the rudiments of the Bro Code to score a three-boobed future chick, the only thanks I'll need is the knowledge that I -- in whatever small capacity -- Bro'd him out...though if he could figure out how to bring me back to life, that would be pretty awesome, too. -- Barney Stinson â ¢ 

Extracted from audiobook cd set 2 cds 37 total tracks (20+17) 

I have been wanting this for awhile staring at it on iTunes and waiting.. I got the set from Amazon.ca (a highly recommended purchase if I do say) If you like HIMYM or Just Barney himself.. 

You must listen to this and then BUY IT !  

Enjoy, 

Cobaltqube...
 
http://joinusatpap.isa-geek.org
