Time for a quick peek at Christine O’Donnell before she mutters a spell and disappears. Last night on Sean Hannity’s show she said she is “not going to do any more national media.” She claims she only appeared on Hannity because she “had some business in New York.” What’s that mean? That she figured out she could get her campaign to pay for free trip to New York for her if she went on the show? Christine claims she’s not doing any more national media so that she can “focus on the people of Delaware.” More specifically, she’s going to focus on that roughly 30 percent who are dumb enough to vote for her.

In reference to witchcraft, O’Donnell repeated her “Who didn’t do some questionable things in high school?” line. That depends, Christine. Are we talking about sneaking a cigarette behind the gym, or worshipping Satan? In my school, not a lot of kids went through the “Satanic picnic” phase. Sure, there was the black lipstick crowd, listening to Bauhaus on their Walkmans. But actual Satanic alters with actual Satanic picnic baskets… not so much. O’Donnell said that her dabbling in witchcraft was, quote, “rebellion.” What? Staying out past curfew isn’t good enough for you? You have to worship the Devil? I went through my rebellious phase. It involved spiky hair and a lot of bracelets. I wasn’t standing on a pentagram trying to summon the Anti-Christ.

But Christine isn’t the only nut in the campaign trail mix. A new poll shows Andrew Cuomo with just a 6-point lead over Carl Paladino in the race for Governor of New York. Oh. My. God. Carl Paladino should not be within 6 points in a poll for governor. Carl Paladino should not be within 6 miles of the governor’s office. They really should come up with some kind of restraining order, just to be safe. In the poll, 40 percent of New Yorkers say the most important trait in a candidate is that he’ll “bring change.” Carl Paladino will certainly bring change. But then so would a giant asteroid striking the earth. Governor Carl Paladino would be a disaster on a level with an asteroid strike or a tsunami. If he gets elected, New York State should become eligible for federal disaster relief… assuming such a thing still exists if Senator Christine O’Donnell has her way. 