B L I Z Z A R D               
                                              
                                                        
               South River WebDrive v9.02.2232          
                           Enterprise Edition                       
            release date: 2009-12-04      supplier: TEAM BLZ           
                   disks: 2                cracker: TEAM BLZ          
               protection: Lic/Online Auth       os: WinALL            
                                                                  
                                                              
     
                  RELEASE INFO               
       
                                              
                                                         
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                       
                                                                       
    WebDrive is more than just an FTP Client. Unlike a typical FTP     
    client, WebDrive allows you to open and edit server-based files    
    without the additional step of downloading the file. Using a       
    simple wizard, you assign a network drive letter to the FTP        
    Server. By connecting through a virtual drive, there is no need    
    to learn a separate FTP client interface. You access and edit      
    files on the server the same way that you interact with files on   
    your local PC.                                                     
                                                                       
    WebDrive supports additional protocols such as SFTP, WebDAV and    
    Amazon S3. WebDrive can also connect to online storage services    
    or your corporate SharePoint Server.                               
                                                                       
    Simple Set-up and Configuration                                    
                                                                       
    The WebDrive site manager makes it easy to define your             
    connections. Just enter the server URL and your username and       
    password and press "connect," to map the selected drive letter to  
    your server. You can map different directories on the same server  
    to unique drive letters. This provides easier access to            
    frequently updated directories. You can also map unique drive      
    letters to different server types - one drive to an SFTP server,   
    one to a WebDAV server and another to an FTP server or to Amazon   
    Web Services. This functionality is not available in typical FTP   
    software.                                                          
                                                                       
    Security Features                                                  
                                                                       
    WebDrive has built-in support for the industry standard SSL        
    protocol. When used in conjunction with secure WebDAV, FTP, FTPS,  
    or SFTP servers, WebDrive will open an encrypted tunnel between    
    the client computer and the remote server; giving you secure       
    transmission of critical data over the Internet. WebDrive can      
    also be used as an alternative to a corporate VPN. Install the     
    WebDrive client and an SSL enabled server, and WebDrive can act    
    as the VPN for your company; an efficient alternative to an        
    expensive VPN and non-secure FTP client connections.               
                                                                       
    Works from Within Your Favorite Applications                       
                                                                       
    Open your FTP files from a network drive. It's as easy as editing  
    files in your "My Documents" FolderUse WebDrive to access and      
    edit files on your server from within your favorite applications.  
    Rather than launching an FTP Client or SFTP Client to update your  
    files, just open the file directly from its folder on the server   
    and the correct application will launch. When you are finished,    
    simply click save from within the application. No additional       
    steps to upload or download.                                       
                                                                       
    For example, you can open MS Word and access your FTP files from   
    the "Open" menu item on the "File" menu. You can also open your    
    recently edited files. Or use Microsoft Backup to create backups   
    of your web site, by simply selecting the drive letter to be       
    backed up.                                                         
                                                                       
    WebDrive works with all Windows applications                       
                                                                       
    Convenient Search Capability for Your Server Files                 
                                                                       
    WebDrive lets you search for files on your server using your       
    desktop search software. If you use Google Desktop Search, or MSN  
    Desktop Search, simply configure your search utility to index the  
    files on the drive letter that WebDrive maps to your server.       
    Imagine getting search results from your corporate FTP Server,     
    your Apple iDisk Storage, and your local desktop in one search!    
    DOS/Legacy Support (Command Line)                                  
                                                                       
    Once WebDrive has mapped a drive to your server, you can access    
    it like a local drive. Use a DOS-prompt to use commands such as,   
    copy, xcopy, mkdir, dir, move, etc.                                
                                                                       
                                                                       
    Advanced Features...                                               
                                                                       
    - SFTP Support - Use WebDrive to connect to your SFTP/SSH server   
      for fast, secure file access.                                    
    - Amazon S3 Support - Use WebDrive to connect to your Amazon Web   
      Services online storage account.                                 
    - Microsoft FrontPage Support - Connect to any website running     
      the Microsoft FrontPage extensions.                              
    - Firewall/Proxy server support - Login through a variety of       
      proxy servers and firewalls, including MS Proxy 2.0, SOCKS 4.3   
      and SOCKS 5, and Raptor (gwpasswd).                              
    - S/KEY Password Encryption - Use MD4 & MD5 password encryption    
      for supported FTP servers.                                       
    - Foreign Language Support - Support for Far East languages, such  
      as Japanese and Chinese, using DBCS.                             
    - File Caching - WebDrive caches both file and directory listings  
      for quick access. You can control the amount of disk space used  
      for the cache, and whether to cache files, directory listings,   
      or both.                                                         
    - FTP resume interrupted download.                                 
    - Support for Unix file attributes through an Explorer shell       
      extension as well as a command line utility.                     
    - Options to transfer files in ASCII/Binary mode based on file     
      extension.                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                       
    Changes in 9.02                                                    
                                                                       
    - Fixed: Windows 2000 issue that caused a dll dependency issue     
      with crypt32.dll, this issue only effects Windows 2000           
      platforms.                                                       
                                                                       
    Changes in 9.01                                                    
                                                                       
    - Added: ability to not test directory listing when connecting to  
      FTP server for the cases where no LIST permissions are possible  
      however upload permissions are. 
    - Fixed: Job scheduler was returning an "access denied" error on   
      low privileged accounts.                                         
    - Fixed: Intermittent Amazon S3 500 internal server errors.        
      According to Amazon it's expected that their server will return  
      this error occasionally and the recommended work around is to    
      have the client resubmit the command after a pause.  WebDrive    
      will now retry the command up to "File transfer retry limit"     
      times and pause 2 seconds between attempts.                      
    - Fixed: Data Execution Prevention feature of Windows would in     
      some cases cause webdrive.exe application to terminate when the  
      popup window was displayed.                                      
    - Fixed: Amazon S3 duplicate folders being shown.                  
    - Fixed: Amazon S3 display proper file modification date when      
      given by the server.                                             
    - Fixed: VMS FTP Server rename folder issue when moving/renaming   
      a folder or file to a different location.                        
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                  INSTALL INFO                
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
    Run WEBDRIVE9022232.EXE and follow instructions.                   
                                                                       
    Run B-WEBDRIVE9022232-PATCH.EXE to eliminate the online            
    authorization check from the activation procedure.                 
                                                                       
    Product Registration Code: 55-386N05-80308A99-007D06-5432          
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                    GREETINGS                 
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
      greets fly out to all groups which actively and courageously     
             work on building better release conditions and            
                        thus keep the scene up.                        
                                                                       
                   special greets to our friends in:                   
                                                                       
            absokt - acme - air - digerati - explosion - f4cg          
         orion - pdx - shock - ssg - tbe - tmg - unleashed - zwt       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                     CONTACT                  
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
     We are a closed group, if we need you then we will contact you!   
                                                                       
        Software worth using is worth buying.. keep this in mind!      
                                                                       
                                                                  
                                                          
                                                  
           nfo updated on       
                        2009.07.19                 
                                    
                                       
                            INFOFILE DRAWN BY
                                 H7/ACCESSiON