What really happened 
to Madeleine McCann?
10 key reasons which suggest
that she was not abducted

Madeleine McCann was reported missing by her mother, Dr Kate McCann, at 10pm on Thursday 3rd May, 2007. Since then, Madeleine, who was then nearly four, has become the best-known ‘missing child’ in the world. The McCanns claimed she was abducted, by an abductor who has never been traced. They said they were wining and dining in a Tapas bar 100 yards away from where they had left their three young children in their holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, on the beautiful Algarve coast. 
  
The Portuguese police believed the McCanns were involved in the disappearance of Madeleine. They were made official suspects on 7 September 2007 - and remained so until July 2008. Then, the Portuguese Attorney-General announced that there was insufficient evidence for any person to be charged in connection with Madeleine’s ‘disappearance’, though he added that there was evidence that Madeleine was dead. The McCanns’ spokesman, Clarence Mitchell, who used to head the government’s 40-strong Media Monitoring Unit, whose function Mr Mitchell said was ‘to control what comes out in the media’, claimed that the McCanns had been ‘cleared’.     

In October 2007, the senior detective in charge, Goncalo Amaral, was replaced, claiming British government interference in his investigation. A few years earlier, he solved another ‘missing child’ case - that of 8-year-old Joana Cipriano. Her mother and uncle were convicted for her murder, having initially claimed she was abducted. Goncalo Amaral has since written a book, ‘The Truth About A Lie’, showing that Madeleine died in Praia da Luz. A documentary he made about Madeleine’s death can be seen onhere:     
 
This leaflet gives 10 key reasons which suggest Madeleine was not abducted. It is a shortened version of a 64-page booklet published in Britain in December 2008, titled: “What Really Happened to Madeleine McCann? - 60 Reasons which suggest she was not abducted”. The book is available on piratebay.