A great deal of house music presented to you by Jeppelepsi.



I get tracks each day, mostly new stuff but sometimes oldies.
I will update weekly with new hot tracks so always download the latest torrent!
There will be new tracks in each torrent and instead of adding a new torrent with ALL my music over and over again, I decided to update only the new stuff. I will make a rar file and name them with "Husbehov Edit #X" (X=The higher number, the latest version) so that you who already downloaded an earlier version of my Husbehov will be able to know which torrent you will download next time.

All songs are 320 kbps but I use Audacity to cut songs where I think they should start. That's why in the description it says 128 kbps. The quality doesn't get worse, it only says so in the description.

This edit contains following HOT tracks:
Adam K - Complicated (Vocal Mix)
Alvaro & Punish - Cubata (Rolvario Remix)
Cicada - One Beat Away (Max Vangeli Remix)
C-Mos - 2 Million Ways (Daniel Ortega & Mike Moorish 2010 Remake)
Dada Life - Cookies With A Smile (Avicii Remix)
Dada Life - Cookies With A Smile (Francesco Diaz & Young Rebels Mix)
Deadmau5 - Moar Ghosts N Stuff (Original Mix)
Deadmau5 - Moar Ghosts N Whatever (Original Mix)
Deadmau5 - R My Dreams (Vs. Billy Newton-Davis)
Dim Chris - Sometimes (Original Mix) (Feat. Amanda Wilson)
Don & Palm - Behind The Sun (Original Mix)
Don & Palm - Nai Harn (Original Mix)
Familjen - När Planeterna Stannat (John Dahlbäck Remix)
Francesco Diaz - Ibiza 2010 (Jonas Sellberg Remix) (& Young Rebels Feat. Tamara)
Jus Jack – That Sound (Max Vangeli & AN21 Extended Club Mix)
Ron May - No Jazz (Original Mix)
SHM - Number One (Original Extended Mix)
Stan Courtois - Adagio (X-Centrik Mix) (& Felly)
Stan Courtois - Malosax 2010 (Addict DJ's Miami Hot Mix) (& Felly)
Steve Angello - Be Pacha (Andrew Dee & Joker Inc Bootleg) (& Afrojack)
Tim Berg - Alcoholic (Jonas Sellberg Remix)
Tim Berg - Bromance (Avicii's Arena Mix)
Viktor Nyberg - Stockholm Boogie (Original Mix)







Stay tuned.



Enjoy