♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                        Defend and Defeat Kingdoms RIP                      
 ♦♦
   Release Date  :  11/12/2009                Protection  :  Armadillo
   Release Type  :  RIP 14x5.00MB             Company     :  Pigdog Games
 ♦♦
   Release Notes:

   "Defend and Defeat: Kingdoms" is a medieval strategy game. Build a       
   unique medieval city and defend it against Lord Griffenwald's evil       
   hords. This game offers hours of game play for the whole family.         
                                                                            
   - 18 levels + 5 open match levels                                        
   - 12 different types of buildings                                        
   - Upgradable buildings                                                   
   - Attack enemy units and buildings                                       
   - Defend your towns and cities                                           
   - Send out scouts to explore the area                                    
   - Original soundtrack                                                    
   - English and German version                                             
   - And much more                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: Nothing                                                          
 ♦♦
   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Install game with Setup_Kingdoms.exe                                  
   3. Watch our cracktro in the Unleashed folder                            
   4. Copy the cracked content from the Unleashed folder to your game       
      folder and overwrite                                                  
   5. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Remember to support good video game development!                         
 ♦♦

     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 ♦♦
  " We need disklimit expanded to 100x5mb! Contact us for setting new rules! "