Juan Formell & Los Van Van - Havana Si!
2009

Juan Formell is probably the most influential  figure in Cuban contemporary music. From creating songo, a mix of son montuno, changui, jazz and funk, to leading the best salsa band in the world and laying, along with Irakere, the roots for timba. Juan Formell and Los Van Van changed the course of music and became an essential part of Cuban culture.

Here's an excellent introduction to this band and a chance to discover if you dig salsa. Enjoy!

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Review

What to say about a band that have been slaying dancefloors and radio stations for four decades and who have been nicknamed the 'Rolling Stones of Latin Music'? Not much that hasn't already been said, clearly, though this collection of Los Van Van's leanest and meanest does manage to remind us of why this irrepressible Cuban super-group have such a glowing - and lengthy - legacy. 

The first set (CD 1) features a slew of the band's hits from the 70s and 80s, starting with their 1974 Chirrin Chirran. When they released this record, the band - headed up by bassist/songwriter Juan Formell - were one of only two Cuban groups experimenting with such a racy blend of pop, funk, soul, rock, disco and native styles. (The other was Irakere). 

Los Van Van called their style songo due to its mix of traditional son montuno and the percussive funk of Washington's Go-Go scene, and this first Disc is crammed with examples of their genre-blending approach, from the mercurial and muscular Dale Dos, the disco bleeps and slinky bassline of Que Palso Es Ese to the fantastic percussion-and-strings Anda, ven y muevete, (later recorded by Ruben Blades as Muevete). 

Unlike much music from the 80s, many of the songs here have dated well. Even synth-heavy tunes like La Habana Si, Aqui El Que Baila Gana and Que Sorpresa! maintain a certain charm, mainly due to their provocative percussion and frequent melody and mood changes. 

CD2 plucks tunes from the band's 1990s and 2000s output. Los Van Van underwent many changes during these last two decades, incorporating new personnel and embracing more modern styles like hip-hop, funk & reggae. These years also saw the broader success of the timba style, a Cuban form of salsa pioneered alongside Irakere and NG La Banda. 

These changes can be discerned throughout Disc 2, particularly on tunes like Que Tiene Van Van, the punchy Esto Te Pine La Cabeza Mala, the super-slick Soy Todo and...well, the list goes on. There's hardly a bad or boring song here; and since the band have surely put out their fair share of formulaic music over the years, the beauty of Havana Si must lie precisely in its showcasing of only the very best of their bulging oeuvre.
-- http://www.bbc.co.uk/music/reviews/f825


Track List

Disc 1
01- Chirrin chirran
02- Dale dos
03- Que palo es ese
04- El buena gente
05- Anda, ven y muevete
06- Sera que se acabo
07- La Habana si
08- Recaditos no
09- La titimania
10- Hoy se cumplen seis semanas
11- El negro no tiene na
12- Disco azucar
13- Aqui el que baila gana
14- Que sorpresa!

Disc 2
01- Que Tiene Van Van
02- De La Habana a Matanzas
03- Esto te pone la cabeza mala
04- Soy todo
05- Ni bombones ni caramelos
06- Regresamelo todo
07- Somos cubanos
08- Permiso que llego Van Van
09- La bomba soy yo
10- Timpop con Birdland
11- La buena
12- El montuno


Artwork and EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!
PastafariCubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/