PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: B1D5A2BC181B6C53BB5CC394D176DB2E21EA3435
File Size: 3.24 GB
Label:  Hightone / New West



Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


Buddy Miller - Your Love and Other Lies 1995 HCD 8063 *
Buddy Miller - Poison Love 1997 HCD 8084 *
Julie Miller - Blue Pony 1997 HCD 8079 *
Buddy Miller - Cruel Moon 1999 HCD 8111 *
Julie Miller - Broken Things 1999 HCD 8103 *
Buddy & Julie Miller 2001 HCD 8135 *
Buddy Miller - Midnight & Lonesome 2002 HCD 8149 *
Buddy & Julie Miller - Love Snuck Up 2004 HCD 8170 *
Buddy Miller - Universal United House of Prayer 2004 NW6063 *
Buddy Miller - Best of the Hightone Years 2008 826663-10973 *
Buddy & Julie Miller - Written in Chalk 2009 NW6158 *


* Denotes My Rip



Some of Julie's early albums are missing from this torrent but they're Out of Print and expensive if found. So this torrent includes her works with Hightone Records. Also, according to Buddy, a Julie Miller compilation album is to be released sometime soon with some of these earlier works and I'll be purchasing it so keep your eyes peeled! 


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:




Buddy Miller


Buddy Miller (born September 6, 1952 in Fairborn, Ohio) is a country singer, songwriter, musician, recording artist and producer, currently living in Nashville, Tennessee. Miller is married to and has recorded with singer-songwriter Julie Miller.

Miller formed the Buddy Miller Band, which included singer-songwriter Shawn Colvin on vocals and guitar.

In addition to releasing several solo albums over the years, Miller has toured as lead guitarist and backing vocalist for Emmylou Harris's Spyboy band, Steve Earle on his El Corazon tour, Shawn Colvin, and Linda Ronstadt. He co-produced and performed on Jimmie Dale Gilmore's 2000 album Endless Night. He has also appeared on several albums by songwriter and singer Lucinda Williams.

In 2004, Miller toured with Emmylou Harris, Patty Griffin, Gillian Welch, and David Rawlings as the Sweet Harmony Traveling Revue.

At the 4th Annual Americana Music Association Honors & Awards, the Ryman Auditorium September 2005, Miller received the Album of the Year Award for Universal United House of Prayer, and the opening cut of that album, "Worry Too Much" (penned by Mark Heard, and originally released on his Second Hand album), won the Song of the Year Award.

Buddy Miller has also produced albums for a number of artists. During 2006 Solomon Burke came over to Miller's house at Nashville to record his country album 'Nashville' on which Emmylou Harris, Patty Griffin, Gillian Welch and Dolly Parton appear as duet partners.

He has a signature acoustic guitar made by the Fender company, and frequently uses vintage Wandre electric guitars.

Buddy Miller toured as part of the band on Robert Plant and Alison Krauss's Raising Sand tour of the USA and Europe, and with Emmylou Harris, Patty Griffin and Shawn Colvin on the Three Girls and Their Buddy tour. While on tour, Miller suffered a heart attack in Baltimore on February 19, 2009 following his performance as part of the MammoJam Music Festival and underwent triple bypass surgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital on 20 February.[1]

At the annual Americana Music Association Honors and Awards program at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee on September 18, 2008, Miller received the "AMA Instrumentalist Of The Year" award, which was presented to him by Robert Plant and Alison Krauss. Miller was joined by Plant on a performance of a new song "Whatcha Gonna Do, Leroy" from his album Written in Chalk which was released in March 2009. He also was part of the band for John Fogerty's The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again in 2009. In 2010, Miller again joined Robert Plant and Patty Griffin with Robert Plant's Band of Joy, touring both the US and Europe. 





Julie Miller 


Julie Miller (born Julie Griffin, July 12, 1956 in Waxahachie, Texas) is a songwriter, singer, and recording artist currently living in Nashville, Tennessee. She married Buddy Miller in 1981. They sing and play on each other's solo projects and have recorded a duets album on HighTone Records.

Miller's first recording was on the mini LP album Streetlight, which consisted of Julie, Buddy and Ron Krueger. Julie and Buddy provided some songwriting to the LP, which included the original version of "Jesus in Your Eyes" (later re-recorded for Orphans and Angels). "How Could You Say No" (written by Mickey Cates) was also originally performed on this album, and later included in Julie's solo debut Meet Julie Miller.

An 8 track 1985 demo from Miller included 2 songs that were later included on Meet Julie Miller, but the remaining 6 songs were not re-recorded. The songs on this tape are: "I Don't Need Anything Else", "Mystery Love" (Synth Pop Version), "Love Is", "I Look to You", "I Don't Need", "What Does it Take", "I Wanna Be Ready", "King of my Heart" (not the same as that which appeared later on her first Myrrh release), "My New Psychiatrist" (Synth Pop Version with different lyrics), "Debby Came Back", "Dangerous Place" (Synth Pop Version).

In 1987 Julie contributed background vocals to the song "Remember Me" on Benny Hester's album Through the Window.

Miller's musical career initially took off after singer Sam Phillips discovered a demo tape by the artist and turned it over to friends at Myrrh Records. Miller was signed to a contract and recorded her first solo album, Meet Julie Miller for the label, released in 1990. This album included backing vocals from Shawn Colvin, Victoria Williams, Amy Grant, Kelly Willard and Russ Taff.

Miller's second solo album, He Walks Through Walls (1991) also included backing vocals from Colvin, Williams, Grant and Willard as with her debut. Mark Heard and Reverend Dan Smith also contributed vocals. This album included the original version of the song "Broken Things", which was later re-recorded.

In 1992, Miller participated in the album, Cry of the Heart: Emily's Eyes, an album released to bring hope to victims of child abuse, by providing the title track. Julie mentioned after a 2002 concert in Kentucky that the song "Emily's Eyes" had one line edited out of it, as there was concern regarding the "implications". No further details were given explaining.

Miller's 1993 album Orphans and Angels included a duet with Emmylou Harris on the song "All My Tears", which has become one of Miller's most popular songs. Jazz vocalist Jimmy Scott also contributed vocals. The song was written after the death of Mark Heard. Miller also covered Heard's song "Treasure of the Broken Land". Shawn Colvin once again contributed background vocals.

Miller's 4th solo album was released by Street Level Records, a departure from Word Records which released her first 3 solo albums. Julie covered The Williams Brothers song "Can't Cry Hard Enough" on this album. Victoria Williams, Mark Olson and the Electrics provided background vocals.

In 1997, Julie Miller switched to Hightone Records are released Blue Pony, an eclectic collection which includes contributions from Emmylou Harris, Buddy Miller, Valerie Carter. This was followed by her most recent solo album Broken Things in 1999 which includes new versions of "Broken Things" and "All My Tears" as well as notable new songs "I Know Why The River Runs," "Orphan Train," "Out In The Rain" and "I Still Cry."

The first duo album of Buddy and Julie Miller, entitled Buddy & Julie Miller was released in 2001, this was followed by Love Snuck Up a compilation of the Millers' Hightone Recordings in 2002.

After the 1998 Omagh bombing in Northern Ireland, local singer Juliet Turner performed a version of Miller's song "Broken Things" at a memorial service for the victims of the bombing.

Julie and Buddy Miller teamed up with Victoria Williams, Mark Olson, and Jim Lauderdale for a European tour billed as "The Rolling Creek Dippers" in the 90's.

The Dixie Chicks, Linda Ronstadt, Ann Savoy, Lee Ann Womack, Emmylou Harris, Jars of Clay, Julie Roberts, Selah, Brooks & Dunn, Lucy Kaplansky, Miranda Lambert, and Ilse DeLange have recorded the songs of Julie Miller, as well as songs written by both her and Buddy.

Buddy Miller announced that this fall[when?], a Julie Miller compilation is planned, which will include tracks picked by Julie from her first four albums, which have been out of print for many years.








Your Love & Other Lies 1995



Tracks: 


You Wrecked Up My Heart
Don't Listen To The Wind
That' How I Got to Memphis
I'm Pretending
Through The Eyes of a Broken Heart
I Don't Mean Maybe
Hold On My Love
Hole in my Head
Watching Amy Dance
I Can't Slow Down
My Love Will Follow You
You're Running Wild
A Girl Like You








Poison Love 1997


Tracks: 


Nothing Can Stop Me
100 Million Little Bombs
Don't Tell Me
Poison Love
Baby Don't Let Me Down
Love Grows Wild
Love in the Ruins
Draggin The River
Help Wanted
That's How Strong My Love Is
Lonesome For You
I Can't Help It
Love Snuck Up









Cruel Moon 1999


Tracks: 


Does My Ring Burn Your Finger
Love Match
I'm Gonna Be Strong
Looking For a Heartache Like You
Cruel Moon
Somewhere Trouble Don't go
In Memory of my Heart
Sometimes I Cry
I'm Too Used to Lovin You
I'm Noy Getting Any Better At Goodbye 
It's Been a Change










Buddy & Julie Miller 2001


Buddy & Julie Miller is a 2001 album by Buddy and Julie Miller. Prior to this recording the husband and wife singer-songwriters had each made appearances on the other's solo recordings, but this disc marked their first official release as a duo. The music has been described as more rock based than their earlier, traditional-folk recordings.[1] The majority of the songs were penned by Julie and rounded out by the duo's co-write, "Dirty Water" and a few covers of songs by folk/rock icons Richard Thompson, Utah Phillips and Bob Dylan.

The album was well-received by critics and fans of Americana/folk music. It was named "Album of the Year" at the first annual awards of the Americana Music Association.[2] The album was the 17th most played recording of 2001 by FolkDJ-L DJs and the 4th most played disc in September 2001.[3] The album also reached the number two spot on the Freeform American Roots Chart.


Tracks:


1.	"Keep Your Distance" (Richard Thompson) - 3:49
2.	"The River's Gonna Run" (Julie Miller) - 3:59
3.	"You Make My Heart Beat Too Fast" (Julie Miller) - 3:12
4.	"Forever Has Come to an End" (Julie Miller) - 2:50
5.	"Little Darlin" (Julie Miller) - 3:31
6.	"Rock Salt and Nails" (Bruce "Utah" Phillips) - 4:17
7.	"Dirty Water" (Buddy & Julie Miller) - 6:53
8.	"Wallflower" (Bob Dylan) - 2:55
9.	"That's Just How She Cries" (Julie Miller) - 4:17
10.	"Rachel" (Julie Miller) - 3:43
11.	"Holding Up the Sky" (Julie Miller) - 3:08










Midnight and Lonesome 2002


Tracks: 


The Price of Love
Wild Card
I Can't Get Over You
Midnight & Lonesome
When It Comes to You
Water When the Well is Dry
A Showman's Life
Little Bitty Kiss
Please Send Me Someone to Love
Oh Fait Pitie D'Amour (Love Have Mercy on Me)
QueCreek










Love Snuck Up 2004


Tracks: 


You Make My Heart Beat Too Fast
Wallflower
Little Darlin'
You're Running Wild
Dirty Water
Draggin' The River
Keep Your Distance
In Memory of My Heart
Love Snuck Up
Out in the Rain
Forever has Come to an End
Quecreek
Take Me Back
Its Been a Change








Universal United House of Prayer 2004



Tracks: 


Worry to Much
There's a Higher Power
Shelter Me
With God on Our Side
Wide River to Cross
Fire and Water
Don't Wait
This Old World
Is That You
Returning
Fall on the Rock







Written in Chalk 2009


Written in Chalk is an album by Buddy and Julie Miller, released in 2009. It won numerous awards at the 2009 Americana Music Association awards: Album of the Year and the song "Chalk" won the Song of the Year. Buddy Miller won Artist of the Year and the duo won Duo/Group of the Year.


Tracks: 


1.	"Ellis County" – 3:51
2.	"Gasoline and Matches" (Julie Miller, Buddy Miller)– 3:14
3.	"Don't Say Goodbye"– 5:10
4.	"What You Gonna Do Leroy" (Mel Tillis)3:45
5.	"Long Time" – 4:13
6.	"One Part, Two Part" (Dee Ervin)– 3:43
7.	"Chalk" – 3:40
8.	"Everytime We Say Goodbye" – 4:34
9.	"Hush, Sorrow" – 4:02
10.	"Memphis Jane" – 6:16
11.	"June" – 4:15
12.	"The Selfishness in Man" (Leon Payne)– 4:20







The Best of the Hightone Years 2008


Tracks: 


The River's Gonna Run
My Love will Follow You
I Can't Get Over You
Does My Ring Burn Your Finger
Cruel Moon
Little Darlin'
Keep Your Distance
Don't Tell Me
That's How I Got to Memphis
Midnight and Lonesome
When It Comes to You
Somewhere Trouble Don't Go
Rock Salt and Nails
That's How Strong My Love is
Don't Listen to the Wind
Hole in my Head






Julie Miller 





Blue Pony 1997



Tracks: 


A Kiss On The Lips

Take me Back

By Way of Sorrow

Dancing Girl

Give Me an Ocean

All The Pieces of Mary

The Devil is an Angel

Letters to Emily

I Call on You

Face of Appalachia

Forever My Beloved

Blue Pony

Last Song






Broken Things 1999



Tracks: 


Ride the Wind to Me

I Know why the River Runs

I Need You

I Still Cry

Out in The Rain

Orphan Train

Broken Things

All My Tears

Two Soldiers

Maggie

Strange Lover

The Speed of Light






Enjoy Buddy & Julie Miller (one of my favorites)    :)

