This version of the hard drive from the Russian production of the sub-committee LossyRepack

Game Name: Alien vs Predator
English name: Aliens vs Predator
Game production: Rebellion
Game Release: SEGA
Game Language: English
Game Type: Action Shooting
On sale date :2010-02-17
Official site: http://www.sega.com/games/aliens-vs-predator/
"Alien vs Predator" Thematic Station: http://www.ali213.net/zt/avp/
Own discussion forum: (FPS gaming area) http://game.ali213.net/forum-276-1.html
Ranger Hong Kong Daily News Network: http://0day.ali213.net/html/2010/5789.html
More games please visit: http://bt.ali213.net

Release Notes:
30GB of space required for installation
Delete multi-language documents, to retain English and Russian
Animation degraded 50%

Game Description

Developed by the Rebellion, Sega released sci-fi shooting game "Alien VS Predator" (Aliens vs. Predator) is now a release date. According to Sega's "Alien VS Predator," the official website of information, will be present for February 19, 2010 listing, the corresponding PC, PS3 and Xbox 360 platforms. This according to the film adaptation of the game and there will be three forces, one side is the human marines, one side is shaped, as well as one side is Predator, the game players can choose the Marine Corps, or even the Predator profiled. This provides for single mode and multiplayer modes. If you choose the Marine Corps, you will experience the claustrophobic darkness of the unprecedented horrors of the slightest light would make you excited. The Marine Corps is the last human resistance front, they were armed to the teeth cutting-edge equipment. If you choose the Predator, you will walk through agility and skill at high altitude, from a height ambush your enemies. Although the Predator's equipment is also very advanced, but they are close combat weapons, so you need to struggle with the enemy at close range. If you choose the most deadly species in the universe, shaped, you have the most lethal weapon is your mouth and the general Bushou clip blade tentacles in general. Players can choose from three forces in the party to carry out any game, there is no obvious justice, there is no clear-cut evil, the game only the endless killing.