Iconoclast Radio interviews Louie B. The Founder of "We Are Change" Latino out of Brooklyn,NY. Also the founder of "The Crotch Shot Radio Show" Tells the horror story of his experience with WAC.

 He goes over the federal investigation he brought on Luke Rudowski The Polish Catholic Jew. Head of  "We Are Change" New York.

 How Luke Rudowski deletes WAC Chapters around the world that exposes that Israel is behind the 911 Attacks. Example giving on the show.

How Louie B. was kicked out for asking about the financial Records of WAC, which 
they say they would do in the CULTS Mission Statement and code of Conduct. Quote: Financial Statement Presented on the first meeting of every month. Detailing expenses and money.

How WAC is a Feel Good CULT, that is similar to the Moonies. 

How luke is using the Organisations Money to buy drugs to support his drug habit.

How members of WAC are recording other members of "We Are Change" that they deem a threat to there Scam of begging for donations for Sick First Responders.

How Luke Rudowski Girlfriend Sabrina Rivera has left him holding the bag, since Louie B. took the Records to the Authorities. Luke Rudowski was fucking Sabrina is the treasure of WAC. So it's a major conflict of interest.

Jan Johnson is a member of WAC and is a Man Hating Femenist out of NY. Running for Govenor under the Constitution Party. That voted to kick Louie B. out of WAC for asking WAC to see the Financial Statement, Which is a reflexion of how accountable she would be as Govenor. So I know my listeners in NY are not stupid enough to vote for her.

Louie B. goes over Heather & Manny Badillo of WAC use Cointel Tactics. 

How Manny Badillo of Wac is a liar. Tell lies to people, that telling them he has an uncle that died in the 911 WTC attacks. Louie B. exposes in his research by checking the 911 victims list that Manny doesn't have a Uncle that died in WTC.




Definition of cult member:
1.a particular system of religious worship,(That means All Christians!) esp. with reference to its rites and ceremonies. (Ah lets see...Baptism,Wine is his blood, the bread is the body of our God) 

2. an instance of great veneration of a person,(Gets mad when you expose cult leader Alex Jones) ideal (America Sodom & Gamora Thong on the beach lifestyle vs Hejab Vail, or thing, esp. as manifested by a body of admirers: the physical fitness cult.

3. a group or sect bound together by veneration of the same thing( We are all Americans, liberal, Conservative, person (Obama), ideal (Change), etc.

4. Sociology. a group having a sacred ideology and a set of rites centering around their sacred symbols.

5. a religion or sect considered to be false, unorthodox, or extremist, with members often living outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader.

6. the members of such a religion or sect.

7. any system for treating human sickness that originated by a person usually claiming to have sole insight into the nature of disease, and that employs methods regarded as unorthodox or unscientific. (The Medical Monopoly)


New world order ,Strawman, U.C.C., Bohemian Grove, Free, Alternative energy, Iconoclast Radio, common Law, Freeman, Sovereign, Conspiracy , politics , cover-up , Government , crime , alex jones , david icke , Jordan maxwell , Russell Pine , Tisarion , Bill clinton , Hillary Clinton , Obama , Republicans , Democrats , Zionist jews , cults , mind Control , brainwashing,truth , facts , documentary , killers , murders , death , muslims , Christians , mormons , scientology , CULTS , self help , tutorials , information , terrorist , scams , exposed , Alex jones sucks, Alex Jones Exposed , Alex Jones Can not be trusted , Shill , Mae Brussel , Mark Lombardi , Hawaii , Nebuchadrezzar , Nebuchadnezzar , Scott Scurlock , awake , Joe Rogan , Anthony J. hilder, jack blood, alan watt , joyce riley , 911 , 9/11 , 666 , babylon , Babylonian , annunaki , UFO, Africa , Aliens , reptilian , Jeff Rense , royalty , bloodlines , elite , Vaccines , global warming , depopulation , organs , Medical , Doctors , Hiv , AIDS , biological , chemical , jonestown , heavens gate , Moon hoax , Truth , economy , liberation , Ted Pike , Activist , teacher , education, university , carribean , south america , africa , china , jamaica , Kingston , Grand Cayman , Cayman Brac , Little Cayman , Puerto Rico , San Juan , 2 pac , media , news , report , Eric Hufschmid , Pro Think , hollywood , propaganda , work , revolution , Simon Bolivar , Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , Venezuela , Peter Kawaja , National Geographic , results , responsibilty , ron paul , Myran Fagan , edward G. griffin , illuminati , Islam , mohammad , baphomet , hip hop , Haiti , Port-au-Prince , Haitian , Haitian Revolution , rap , heavy metal , country music , jesus , Black pope , Vatican , political , cancer cures , John Coleman , Bill gates , India , Revolution , Mike Delaney , Psychological Warfare , argentina , Chile , Panama , Lies , Judaism , Isreal , Isreali , Racist , Racism, Trust , Palistine , Collins Brothers , Texe Marrs , John Stadtmiller , Dominican , Dominican Republic , Santo Domingo, Family Guy , Gaza , Check Point , Jerusalem , Nuke , Michael Collins Piper , Iran , Michael A Hoffman , Fedor Emelianenko , Daryl Bradford Smith , Nuclear , Mossad , Hack , Hacker , Core Of Corruption , O'connell , Dr. Toben , Ernst Zundell , Mexico , Guatemala , Cuba , Havana , David Irving, Zionist ,Phil Valentine, Marcus Kline, Bobby Seal, Steve Cokely, weak genes , gene, Nazi , Shin Bet , AIPAC , JDL, ADL , astrology , Evolution , untold , Black , Muslim , Bankers , Canada , NOI , Nation Of Islam, Cult , Slavery , Slave , Labor camp , Hugo Chavez , wiccan , Cult , Narly , Universal Heath care , Socialist , Communist , Democrat , Republican , Ecuador , Brazil , Morocco , Algeria , Niger , Chad , Rwanda , Cameroon , Nigeria , Sudan , Uganda , Yemen , Jordan , Egypt , Libya , Saudi Arabia , Japan , China , India , Malaysia ,Denise Riness, Civilization Engineering, Joe Blow No Show, Iconoclastradio The Arena
