Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Better Together is a song written and performed by Jack Johnson. It is the first track on Johnson's album In Between Dreams, which was released in February 2005. "Better Together" was released as a single in January 2006. It charted at #24 in the United Kingdom. In the United States, a live version from the En Concert live album was released as a single in 2009, peaking at #23 on the Mediabase Triple A chart.

In Between Dreams is the third album by singer-songwriter Jack Johnson, released by Brushfire Records in the United States on March 1, 2005. "Banana Pancakes" was written originally by Indian writer/singer Alanna Palladino. As of May 10, 2006, the album had sold 2.1 million copies in the United States.

Jack Hody Johnson (born May 18, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, filmmaker, and surfer known for his work in the soft rock and acoustic genres. He achieved commercial success after the release of his debut album, Brushfire Fairytales in 2001. He has since released four more albums and a number of EPs. He is well known for his annual event the "Kokua Festival" where all the money earned goes back to the community. He often invites other celebrities like Dave Matthews to perform at this event.

Johnson's songwriting influences growing up included Bob Dylan, Nick Drake, Cat Stevens, Ben Harper, Fugazi, The Beatles, Simon & Garfunkel, Jimmy Buffett, Bob Marley, Neil Young, Sublime, and A Tribe Called Quest.

Johnson graduated from Kahuku High School on the North Shore of Oahu. He attended the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he began to develop his passion for music. He graduated with a degree in film. His first breakthrough came after he befriended G. Love on a day of surfing. G. Love would later record Johnson's song “Rodeo Clowns” for his 1999 album Philadelphonic. Johnson sang and played on the track, and it became the first single from the album. His four-track demo soon caught the ears of Ben Harper's producer and right-hand man, J. P. Plunier, who worked with Johnson on his debut album Brushfire Fairytales in early 2001 with Harper and his Weissenborn lap steel guitar making a guest appearance. Johnson also played rhythm guitar for the party band Soil while he attended UC Santa Barbara.

A chronicle of Johnson's 2008 European tour will be released as En Concert, a CD–DVD package on October 27, 2009, according to DirectCurrentMusic.com. The DVD comes via En Concert, a documentary film directed by Brushfire Records co-founder Emmett Malloy.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

