James Wallace presents

Hidden Cures
You’re Not Supposed to Know About

Oxygen Therapy
Version 1.0 - 1/10

If you think you know the truth about the Swine Flu, Chronic Fatigue, Cancer, HIV, AIDS, Mental Disorders, and disease in general, think again. 
Likely, virtually everything you know is wrong...

What this eBook isn’t:

This eBook is not a Teaser.  The internet is rife with eBooks and videos that provide only half the solution or the equation and then dump you onto a site where you are told, after having invested time watching or reading the half explanation that you must part with 50, 100 or 1000 dollars to get the full answer.  We’ve all been there – the disappointment, anger and resentment, then we accept our fate and grudgingly buy the product, or more likely navigate away from the bait-and-switch scheme.  Not here.  We’ll give you the complete remedies.  However, we will recommend some further study, which may or may not cost you.

This eBook does not interest itself in politics and conspiracies.  Conventional modern medicine is filled with politics and corporate conspiracies.  There are a handful of vested interests in government and the corporate world that control, exploit and dominate the medical profession.  The business of disease is vastly more profitable than the business of wellness.  I am fully and completely aware of the current reality of medicine, as are millions of others – exponentially more, year after year.  I do not feel, however, that it is important, beyond mentioning the fact that the medical community is in the wrong paradigm, to explore every aspect of the situation.  Conventional medicine maims, kills, disfigures, diseases and diminishes millions of people’s lives every day… for hundreds of billions in profits annually.  This is a conspiracy fact.  Understood.  I’d rather focus on the next paradigm in health and healthcare and move toward vitality, for each and every one of us.


What this eBook is:

This eBook is an introduction.  While not a worthless teaser as I had previously mentioned, it is no doubt a simple and humble introduction to this approach in healing.  I wanted to present this information in an easy to read, concise, yet complete manner.  I’ve ensured that it is complete and workable; however, there are tremendous further resources available.  Some will allow you to find a better way to administer a cure for your condition, more conditions that can be treated with these remedies, and general further study on the potentials of the active ingredients.  Whichever approach seems most beneficial (and interesting), should be explored further, outside this eBook.

This eBook is honest.  I have read, researched and tested everything that is written in this book.  It is an authentic and personal account of some of the most powerful (and most suppressed) cures available today.  And all of them cost next to nothing.  Hmmm, isn’t that interesting?!  Now, on with the good stuff…

www.medicalrebel.com
