Passport To Pimlico - Audio Drama - BBC Radio 4
1 x 70 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo 

Thanks to Velvet


Passport to Pimlico is a 1949 British comedy film made by Ealing Studios. 

A bomb left over from the Second World War blows up in Miramont Gardens in the Pimlico district of London after some local children roll a tractor tyre down a hole. The explosion reveals a buried cellar from the manor house that gave Miramont Gardens its name, in which artwork, coins, jewellery and an ancient parchment document are found. Professor Hatton-Jones authenticates it as a royal charter of Edward IV that ceded the house its estates to Charles VII ("the Rash"), the last Duke of Burgundy, when he sought refuge there several centuries ago after being presumed dead at the Battle of Nancy. As the charter had never been revoked, Pimlico is legally part of Burgundy. "

The British government has no legal jurisdiction and requires the Burgundians to form a committee according to the laws of the long-defunct dukedom before negotiating with them. Ancient Burgundian law requires that the Duke himself appoint a council. 
Without one, all seems lost - until a young man from Dijon steps forward and proves that he is the heir to the dukedom. 

Very quickly, Burgundy (followed soon after by the rest of London) realises that it is not subject to post-war rationing and other bureaucratic restrictions, and the district is quickly flooded with entrepreneurs, crooks and eager shoppers. A noisy free-for-all ensues, the Chief (and only) Constable of Burgundy, finds himself unable to handle. 

Then the British authorities close the "border" with barbed wire. Having left England without their passports, the bargain hunters have trouble returning home - as one policeman replies to an indignant woman, "Don't blame me Madam, if you choose to go abroad to do your shopping."





Cast:
George Cole 
Joan Sims 
John Junkin 
Stephen Critchlow 
Jonathan Tafler 
David Collings 
Teresa Gallagher
Gavin Muir 
Michael Maloney 
Jonathan Keeble 
John Hartley 
David King 
Tom Bevan 
Louise Lombard 
Vivian Pickles 
Ross Livingstone 
Diana Coupland 
Paul Jenkins 
Linda Regan 
John Redford 
Matthew Marr


H Clark (Author)
John Peacock (adap)
Celia de Wolfe (Producer)




Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 71mn 23s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps 
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits
 


[