STAN DEYO-THE COSMIC CONSPIRACY (1977-8 Rare Lecture).mp3

Duration: 01:32:59
Bit rate: 96kbps mp3
Size: 63.8mb

This file was originally uploaded by the user "Fugazi" from http://tracker.concen.org/ The following information was also provided about this lecture:

Very rare lecture given by Stan Deyo in either 1977 or 1978 in Perth, Western Australia and for certain was recorded just after the documentary "UFO's are here" was aired by Channel 9 Australia in 1977; a documentary that spured on Stan to write his book "The Cosmic Conspiracy". During this talk Stan 'predicts' such events such as the breaking up of what was, then, the country of Yugaslavia as well as the regionalisation of the world; for example my country of Australia is "Region 4", along with South Africa and Israel. If anyone should doubt the reality of the NWO then this rare recording done some 30 years ago will certainly help them to realise that it is a reality and that people such as Stan were educating people as far back as 1977 regarding such things that have either come to pass and/or that is to come. If you are asked for any evidence of the NWO to skeptical friends etc simply ask them to examine their credit or bank card and or their medical cards (if any), they will see that in front of the main numbers follow a bunch of other numbers that begin with their respective 'Region Number', for instance mine shows the number four (see image) Or ask them to look on the back of such products as the DVDs they rent out, they will see their respective region as 'predicted' by Stan way back then. Stan may be out on his dates regarding weather patterns due to solar flares and other variables, however the scenerios he outlines could still be on the way. Stan does not claim to know it all and subjects that are subject to many differing factors etc, but he does speak very clear on things that he does know for certain.

Stan also discusses weather warfare and cyclones (hurricanes, such as the one that hit Darwin in the Northern Territory, Australia in 1974), Pine Gap, UFOs, the Club of Rome, physics and the Bible and the possible false 'Alien' visitation that is to come. He also gives his own personal testimony and shares some of his experiences among other things.

Audio quality is poor to average simply because it was recorded on an early mono tape recorder and by the time I found the tape it had deteriorated very badly and thus had to re-case the tape before playing to record to new tapes before digitalising, however it is still listenable.

Hope it is of value to your respective research and insights.


------------------------------------

Stan Deyo - The Cosmic Conspiracy (Millenium Edition).pdf

Size: 18.0mb

[img]http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/02.jpg[/img]

Recruited by the Illuminati, Stan Deyo was taken secretly to Australia in 1971 to design "flying saucer" propulsion systems with them. Deyo reveals years later why "they" keep the alien/UFO agenda from the public. Many have investigated this huge conspiracy from the outside looking in - BUT, only one has come forward from an insider's perspective. Stan Deyo's The Cosmic Conspiracy is his testimony to you who would know the truth.... 


Table of Contents

SECTION I: Flights of Reasons
CHAPTER 1 - Sightings and Suspicions
CHAPTER 2 - Electro-Gravitic Propulsion
CHAPTER 3 - Constructs of Reality
CHAPTER 4 - Radiant Genius: Tesla
CHAPTER 5 - Effecting Weather Warfare
CHAPTER 6 - The 1982 Alignments

SECTION II: Mysticism and Numerology: Mystery Babylon
CHAPTER 1 - Centuries Of Darkness
CHAPTER 2 - Orders of Illuminism
CHAPTER 3 - Seal of Deception
CHAPTER 4 - Model For 'Peace'
CHAPTER 5 - It's All Happening
CHAPTER 6 - Circles of Illuminati

SECTION III: Not Of Earth: Ichthus
CHAPTER 1 - In the Beginning
CHAPTER 2 - Conflicts Bear Witness
CHAPTER 3 - How to Survive
CHAPTER 4 - Taken to Safety
CHAPTER 5 - Horror With Grace
CHAPTER 6 - Until Sin Dies
CHAPTER 7 - Spread the Word

'Survival Kit': Reading List For Section III
Appendix No. 1 - New York Herald Tribune articles
Appendix No. 2 - Interavia Electro-Gravitics article
Appendix No. 3 - The Gravitics Situation (Gravity Rand Ltd.)
Appendix No. 4 - Copies of the Maxfield-Teller letters
Appendix No. 5 - Einstein's Relativity Error
Appendix No. 6 - Electrodynamic Propulsion
Appendix No. 7 - Regionalized and Adaptive Model of the Global World System

Millennium Revision

(excerpts available here: http://web.archive.org/web/20070909114317/http://au.geocities.com/psyberplasmic/index.html )

----------------------

Stan Deyo - UFOs Are Here (1977).avi.torrent

A torrent file to download the Australian UFO documentary from 1977 that inspired Stan Deyo to start revealing more information to the public and to eventually write The Cosmic Conspiracy.

You can stream or download this documentary here: 
http://www.archive.org/details/StanDeyo-UfosAreHere

