Shakira -  Waka Waka - Official 2010 FIFA World Cup - 720p - x264 - MKV


Video Info :


"Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)", in English, and "Waka Waka (Esto es África)" in Spanish, is a song by Shakira featuring Freshlyground. The song will be performed by Shakira and South African group Freshlyground, at the Closing Ceremony before the World Cup Final on July 11 in Johannesburg Soccer City Stadium. The song is officially available for download through digital retailers the week of May 11. It also will be included on Listen Up! The Official 2010 FIFA World Cup Album to be released the week of May 31 by Sony Music Entertainment. The Spanish version is as well available in selected markets.

About the video, Shakira said that the video for 'Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)' will be available in standard definition as well as in 3-D. Football players Lionel Messi, Dani Alves, Rafael Márquez, Gerard Pique and Carlos Kameni will appear in the video, which is set to premiere in the month of June.

The song was officially chosen as the anthem of FIFA World Cup 2010. About this Shakira said "I am honored that 'Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)' was chosen to be part of the excitement and the legacy of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. The FIFA World Cup is a miracle of global excitement, connecting every country, race, religion and condition around a single passion. It represents an event that has the power to unite and integrate, and that’s what this song is about." Shakira continued, "African music is so inspiring and is poised to take its place on the global pop culture stage. I was proud to be able to work with one of South Africa’s most acclaimed groups, Freshlyground. Through “20 Centers for 2010” and 1GOAL, FIFA and its partners have committed to creating a lasting legacy of education for all – an issue that has been close to my heart for many years,"

About the collaboration, Zolani Mahola of Freshlyground said that "We are thrilled to have collaborated with Shakira on 'Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)', especially as we feel that the song captures the spirit and energy of the African World Cup. We are certain the song will inspire people around the world to celebrate the gathering of nations at the place where it all started. Here in Africa!"

"Waka Waka" was written by Shakira and John Hill and co-produced by John Hill. The track, based on the chorus of the 1986 Cameroonian hit song Zangaléwa, features Afro-Colombian instrumentation and Southern African guitar beats. The song was also based on Waka Waka by the Surinam-Dutch group Trafassi. The song is consisting of rhythmical African sounds, the song represents the vitality and energy of the host continent. South African guitars back up the Afro-Colombian rhythm and Soca beat.
Shakira collaborated with the South African group Freshlyground to perform the official song of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa "Waka waka (This time for Africa)" which is an of a traditional Cameroonian soldiers' Fang song named "Zangalewa" by the group Zangalewa or Golden Sounds. The song was made popular in her native Colombia in 1987 through west african DJs in Colombia.


                       

                        Small Size Excellent Quality.


 


Release Info:


[FORMAT]:…………………..     [ Matroska

[FILE SIZE]:………………..   [ 50 MB
[NO OF CDs]:………………..   [ 1
[RESOLUTION]:……………….   [ 1280 x 720

[ASPECT RATIO]:…………….. [ 16 : 9

[Video Bitrate]:……………..[ 2000 kbps
[FRAME RATE]:……………….   [ 24 fps
[LANGUAGE ]:………………..   [ English
 
[Release Runtime]:………… [ 00:03:30 

[Source : Shakira Waka Waka(This Time for Africa) 1080p ShoukaT


Audio

ID                               : 2
Format                           : AAC

Channel(s)                       : 2 channels
Channel positions                : Front: L R
Sampling rate                    : 44.1 KHz




Use K lite Codec or Combined Codec Pack in case of any problem in opening the file


                         Enjoy & Seed After Downloading.



A few FAQs Regarding my uploads :



1. What is x264? 


x264 is an open-source encoder for the H.264 codec used for High-Definition movies on HD-DVDs and Blu-Ray Discs. It has a high compression which is way superior to xvid. That means you get more quality at equal bitrates. A 700MB x264 rip will be sharper and more detailed than a 700MB xvid rip from the same source. x264 is the future in DVDrips!

02. What is a .mkv file? 


MKV means "matroska video" and it is a "extensible open standard Audio/Video container" (AVI is a container, too!). This file format combines several videostreams, audiostreams, subtitles, chapters and information in only one file. It supports new standards like 6-channel AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) audio or x264 video