Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"I Don't Believe You" is a song by American recording artist Pink. It was released as the fifth worldwide single from her fifth studio album, Funhouse, in Australia on October 23, 2009 and in the the United Kingdom on November 2, 2009.

The music video for "I Don't Believe You", directed by Sophie Muller, was shot in September 2009 in Los Angeles, California. The music video premiered on October 2009. The video is in black and white, it features Pink in the wedding dress she wore to her actual wedding to Carey Hart in 2006, and a diamond encrusted wedding gown as she searches for her lover, to no avail. Scenes include Moore lying down in the dress, rollerblading around what appears to be the inside of a church (The Los Angeles Theater), singing to an empty wedding dinnerroom, crying over an empty wedding album and singing to herself in front of the mirror.

Funhouse is the fifth studio album by American pop singer Pink, released by LaFace Records worldwide in October 2008. Upon its release, the album reached number one on the charts in 6 countries including Australia, New Zealand, Netherlands and United Kingdom, while debuting at number two in Germany, Ireland, France and United States.

The album's lead single, "So What" topped close to 20 charts worldwide, including the Billboard Hot 100, becoming P!nk's first solo single to do so. It also reached the top spot on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart where it remained on the chart for 16 weeks. Singles from the album also include Top 20 hits "Sober" and "Please Don't Leave Me" and current singles "Funhouse" and "I Don't Believe You".

The album's original title was Heartbreak Is a Motherfucker, which is due to the fact that the album speaks openly about Pink's then separation from her husband, motocross rider Carey Hart. Since then, the two have reconciled and appeared together in several public occasions. However, the title was changed to avoid public reactions that may cause a decrease in the sales. To date the album has sold 4.8 million copies worldwide.

Just like I'm Not Dead, Funhouse was re-released. The re-release took time one year after the original release date, October 26, 2009. It included the twelve standard tracks plus hidden track "This Is How It Goes Down" and bonus track "Push You Away", which was previously unreleased. Also similarly to the Platinum Edition of I'm Not Dead, the package included a DVD for music videos, live performances and a track-by-track commentary. The Tour Edition was released alongside Funhouse Tour: Live in Australia, a live album taped during P!nk's Australian leg of the Funhouse Tour.



My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

