Direct rip from original retail VHS (rental).
Also includes an MP4 version for easy viewing on an MP4 player and Quicktime.
Menu and subtitles (song titles only).

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia:
The Line, The Cross and the Curve

Directed by 	Kate Bush
Produced by 	Margarita Doyle
Written by 	Kate Bush
Starring 		Kate Bush
		Miranda Richardson
		Lindsay Kemp
Music by 	Kate Bush
Cinematography 	Roger Pratt
Editing by 	Julian Rodd
Release date(s) 	November 13, 1993
Running time 	43 min.
Language 	English


The Line, the Cross, and the Curve is a musical short film directed by and starring pop singer Kate Bush. Released in 1993, it co-starred Miranda Richardson and noted choreographer Lindsay Kemp.

This short film is essentially an extended music video featuring songs from Bush's 1993 album, The Red Shoes, which in turn was inspired by the classic movie musical-fantasy The Red Shoes.

In this version of the tale, Bush plays a frustrated singer-dancer who is enticed by a mysterious woman (Richardson) into putting on a pair of magical ballet slippers. Once on her feet, the shoes start dancing on their own and Bush's character (who is never referred to by name) finds herself in a magical and psychedelic wonderland. Her guide on this strange journey is played by Lindsay Kemp, who in real life was Bush's dancing mentor.

The film was released direct-to-video in most areas and was only a modest success. Soon after its release, Bush effectively dropped out of the public eye. Her eighth studio album, Aerial, was released in November of 2005.

 Song listing

   1. Rubberband Girl
   2. And So is Love
   3. The Red Shoes
   4. Lily
   5. Moments of Pleasure
   6. Eat the Music

All songs apart from "Lily" (the rest were singles) were also used on their own as music videos to promote The Red Shoes album. "Eat the Music" was released as a music video in the U.S., differing slightly from the version featured in the film. The "Rubberband Girl" and "Moments of Pleasure" clips were available on The Whole Story '94 video CD which also featured videos from the albums The Whole Story and The Sensual World.