NINE INCH NAILS
2009-07-31
Festival Paredes de Coura, Paredes de Coura, Portugal

Source: Zoom H2>rear mics low gain (wav 44.1/ 24 bits)
Recorded by Ziggy

Setlist

1. Somewhat Damaged
2. Terrible Lie
3. Sin
4. March of the Pigs
5. Piggy
6. The Becoming
7. I'm Afraid of Americans (David Bowie cover)
8. Burn
9. Gave Up
10. La Mer/The Frail
11. The Wretched
12. Non-Entity
13. I Do Not Want This
14. Gone, Still/The Way Out is Through
15. Wish
16. Survivalism
17. The Hand That Feeds
18. Head Like A Hole
Encore:
19. Hurt

Well this is my first outdoor recording with my Zoom H2
and i am very happy with the outcome. I was able to pull a good spot for recording.
i was on high ground close to the left side of the stage but with enough angle to
work with the rear mic set of the recorder. No one in front of me, no one on my back just to very very talkative spanish guys
on my left but fortunately their blah blah blah does not afect the recording at all. If i had a friend that kept on talking to my ears
during a show like this one or any at all i would shoot him on the spot. Why why why people feel like to put conversation in order during
a concert? never will understand...
Anyway, GREAT show, powerfull as ever, Trent not talkative at all but enjoying the performance. Good renditions of the songs. 
Band on fire and crowd going wild from the first second of the show. During Piggy Trent went down to "mingle" with the crowd on the 
front row and left leaving the mic behind so people singing "nothing can stop me now" can be heard.
I was caught by surprise when the show started so "somewhat damaged" is missing the first 2 or 3 words?! i am sorry. The rest is complete.
To burn this to cd i sugest songs 01 to 11 on CD01 and songs 12 to 19 on CD02.
Since there was a flow between the songs i left La Mer and The Frail and Gone, still and the way out as single files.
So, this show goes to all here on Dime but specially for all of you who have been recording and sharing NIN material all over
these last few years.
Thank you, enjoy, share and PLEASE don't convert to mp3 for trade BUT ABOVE ALL DON'T SELL!!!
Cheers
Ziggy