SpeedConnect Internet Accelerator v.7.5 just released!
Top internet accelerator (according to PC Magazine), a network settings optimizer to speed up your existing Dial-Up Modem, DSL, Cable, Wireless, LAN, High-speed internet connections.

SpeedConnect Internet Accelerator is a powerful Windows application designed to optimize your network connection and speed up all your internet activities. This translates into a faster internet connection, faster browsing and email, faster downloads, faster online gaming, improved Skype connection. 

The speed of your network connection doesn't just depend on the speed of your hardware. Windows is an operating system that is designed to work on a variety of different hardware and network setups. Because of the abstract nature of the operating system, it cannot be optimized for user-specific hardware setups.

Depending on the type of network connection you have, you might be able to tweak your connection so that the speed of your Internet, as well as your local area network, will be faster. By changing the System Registry and optimizing the TCP/IP parameters, SpeedConnect can fine-tune the values to take advantage of more reliable, faster Internet connections.

PC Magazine Review
"CBS Software's SpeedConnect Internet Accelerator tops overall."

"Top 10 Internet Accelerators" PC World & CNN Computing
"SpeedConnect accelerator prevents fragmentation in data transfer and optimizes your Windows TCP/IP settings for faster Web browsing, e-mail, and downloads."

WebAttack Review
"If you are bothered by slow connection speed, SpeedConnect is a safe, fast and inexpensive way to optimize your system settings."

InternetADVISOR Review
"SpeedConnect can automatically work out the best way to squeeze that extra bit of speed out of your computer's Internet connection."

ZDNet Review
"...in a few words: Easy to use, AOL adapter support, Excellent online help, LAN and DUN support"

HOW IT WORKS
SpeedConnect prevents fragmentation in data transfer using the TCP/IP protocols used on the Internet, greatly increasing the connection throughput and the download/upload speeds (Kbps).

Because Windows default network settings have general values and are not optimized for a specific internet connection type, SpeedConnect software calculates, optimize and safely change several network related settings to known optimized values, in a recursive process, until it discovers the best settings for your specific connection. Basically, SpeedConnect applies optimized network settings values which will prevent the data packets fragmentation and will speed up your connection. All this translates into faster web browsing, faster e-mail, faster downloads and improved overall Internet performance.
SPEED OPTIMIZATION
SpeedConnect Internet Accelerator is designed to optimize the network tcp/ip settings and speed up all your internet related activities including browsing, downloading, uploading, streaming, online gaming, sending and receiving email. SpeedConnect Quick Optimizer mode provides the fastest way to speed up your connection. Experienced users get total control in advanced mode, which provides manual access to all settings.



BENEFITS
		
FEATURES
		
 FASTER internet connection
 Browse FASTER
 Send and receive e-mail FASTER
 Download and upload files FASTER
 Play online games FASTER
 Improve Skype connection
 NO adware, NO hardware installation
 NO service subscription, NO monthly fees
 NO new hardware installation 		 Optimizes all internet connection types
 User friendly
 Quick Optimizer option
 Advanced Customization
 Tool and Wizards
 Load/Save Settings
 Optimization Report
 Connection Analyzer 

SpeedConnect Internet Accelerator
 Designed for Windows® Vista™, XP.