File Name    : My name is khan_[250MB]_[Rohnak]
Type         : Movie
Format       : mp4
File Size    : 253 MB
Duration     : 02:27:08
Language     : Hindi
Source       : R5
Subtitles    : yes-English
Genre        : Drama | Romance See more
IMDB Link    : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1188996/
IMDB Rating  : 7.0/10
IMDB Votes   : 4,423 votes

Format                           : MP4
Codec ID                         : x264
Codec ID/Hint                    : x264
Duration                         : 2h 27mn
Bit rate                         : 192 Kbps
Width                            : 608 pixels
Height                           : 256 pixels
Display aspect ratio             : 2.35:1
Frame rate                       : 8 fps
Resolution                       : 8 bits
Colorimetry                      : 4:2:0
Scan type                        : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame)               : 0.252
Stream size                      : 253 MiB

PLOT

Rizwan Khan (Tanay Chheda) is a Muslim child who grew up 
with his brother Zakir and his mother (Zarina Wahab) in a middle 
class family in the Borivali section of Mumbai. Rizwan is different 
from the other children and no one, including his mother, can understand 
why. However, he has certain gifts, particularly a special ability to 
repair any machine that is broken. His difference leads to special 
tutoring from a reclusive scholar and extra attention from his mother. 
This attention, however, leads to a heightened level of jealousy from 
his brother Zakir, who eventually leaves his family for a life in the 
United States.

Despite this resentment, as an adult Zakir (Jimmy Shergill) 
sponsors Rizwan (Shahrukh Khan) to come and live with him in San Francisco. 
It is at this time that Zakir's psychologist wife, Haseena diagnoses Rizwan 
as having Asperger's syndrome, a disorder which makes it difficult for people 
to interact socially. Rizwan also begins to work for Zakir as an herbal salesman 
and in the process he meets a Hindu woman, Mandira and her young son, Sameer 
or Sam (Yuvaan Makaar), from a previous marriage. Despite Zakir's hostility to 
the match, they marry and settle down in the fictional town of Banville, where 
both Mandira and Samir take Rizwan's last name as their own. They also live next 
door to the Garrick family. Sam is close with their young son, Reese (Kenton Duty 
and Michael Arnold) while Mark (Dominic Renda) is a journalist and Sarah 
(Katie A. Keane) is a friend of Mandira.

The Khans' perfect existence gets disrupted, however, after the September 
11 attacks on the twin towers in New York City. Mark goes to cover the war 
in Afghanistan and dies there. At the same time, the Khan family begins to 
experience post 9-11 prejudice in their community and Reese begins to turn 
against Sam as well. One afternoon, an argument between them turns into a 
racially motivated schoolyard fight between Sam and a number of older students. 
Reese tries to stop the fight but is held back and Sam is injured so badly that 
he dies. A shattered Mandira blames Rizvan for his death stating that Sam "died 
only because his name was Khan." She then tells Rizwan that she no longer wants 
him in her life. When he asks her what he has to do to be a part of her life, 
she tells him that he has to tell the people of the United States, and the 
President that his name is Khan and that he is not a terrorist.

Rizvan thus sets out on a journey that takes him from one US state to 
another (including Georgia, where he is befriended by Mama Jenny) in order 
to first meet President George W. Bush and later Barack Obama. During this 
quest, he is detained and later freed from the San Francisco Airport. Later, 
in Los Angeles, he prays in a Mosque and overhears violent rhetoric from Faisal 
Rahman (Arif Zakaria). He reports this to the FBI but there is no response at 
that moment. Later, while waiting in a crowd to meet President Bush and 
repeating again and again, "my name is Khan and I am not a terrorist," Rizwan 
is arrested and placed in a prison by police who misinterpret his statement.

While in the prison he is tortured as a terrorist suspect and meets 
the psychiatrist Radha (Sheetal Menon) who believes he is innocent. 
He is later released after a media campaign by two Indian student reporters 
Raj (Arjun Mathur) and Komal (Sugandha Garg) and Bobby Ahuja (Parvin Dabas) 
prove his innocence by unearthing his attempts to inform the FBI about Faisal 
Rahman. After his release, he returns to hurricane-hit Georgia to help Mama 

Jenny and her son. His efforts attract media attention and numerous Muslims come 
to help as well. At the same time, Reese confesses to Mandira and reveals the 
identity of the boys who beat up Sam. She informs Detective Garcia (Benny Nieves) 
who has been assisting her on the case.

After they are brought to justice, she joins Rizwan in Georgia. At the moment 
she arrives, Rizwan is stabbed by a follower of Faisal Rahman and is rushed to 
the hospital. With Mandira's help, he survives and meets President-elect 
Barack Obama (Christopher B. Duncan) who tells him: "Your name is Khan and you 
are not a terrorist."

screens shots 
 
http://bayimg.com/balLbAAcc
 
http://bayimg.com/bAlLeaAcc
 
http://bayimg.com/ballFaACC
 
http://bayimg.com/bALLgAACC
