AVS Video Editor 5.1.2.131

About the game:

Edit your video recordings and make your own movie with a few simple drag-and-drops. Enhance your videos with effects, menus and audio, so that they have a professional look.


Edit Easily & Precisely
Trim, cut, split, merge, rotate and mix videos with AVS Video Editor . Use advanced timeline and a storyboard for accurate video files editing.

Manage Various Video Formats
Work with all key video formats. Open & save files in AVI, VOB, MP4, DVD, WMV, 3GP, MOV, MKV, H.263/H.264 codecs, etc. See a full list of supported video formats

Speed Up HD-Videos Editing
Edit AVI HD, TOD, AVCHD, MOD, MTS/M2TS, etc. Due to the integrated video cache technology, HD-video editing becomes faster.

new!Use Screen Capture
Record media from your PC screen and create video guides, training videos or demos with the Screen capture feature.

Apply Various Effects
Select between 300 innovative video effects and transitions. Insert text comments and subtitles. AVS Video Editor involves GPU capacity to speed up the process.

Add Musical Illustration
Edit audio directly in your videos. Combine audio tracks with video. Add background music. Record and apply voice-over or live music or mute unwanted irritating noises.

new!Stabilize Your Videos
Apply the Stabilization feature to set shaky and wobbly video recordings in order.

Create Your Own Menus
Use enhanced DVD/Blu-ray menu templates. Personalize your menu, add audio, video and images to it.

Process Blu-Ray Videos
Open and edit your Blu-ray videos. Apply effects and add specially designed menus. Save files in any key video format and burn them on to Blu-ray discs.

Capture Your Video
Transfer video from DV-, web- or VHS camers to hard drive. Encode video directly to MPEG format and create home DVDs.

Share Your Video
Upload newly made video files to all popular video hostings such as Facebook, Flickr, MySpace, etc., directly from AVS Video Editor interface.

Multilingual Support
AVS Video Editor interface and tech-support are available in English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Japanese and Dutch.

Platforms: Windows XP, 2003, Vista, 7* (no Mac OS/Linux support)

Minimum System Requirements:
Processor: Intel / AMD compatible at 2500 MHz or higher
RAM: 1 GB or higher
Sound: Windows compatible sound card
Display: 32-bit color depth
CD recorder: for importing from CD
DVD recorder: for importing from DVD and creating Video DVD
Video capture device: required for capturing
Windows Media Player 11 or higher for WMV video playback
DirectX: Microsoft DirectX 9.0c or later
Administrative permissions for program installation and activation
Internet connection to activate

* Windows Vista Recommended System Requirements
Processor: Intel / AMD compatible at 3 GHz single core/1.8 GHz dual core
RAM: 1.5 GB or higher
Video: Windows Vista compatible video card
Sound: Windows Vista compatible sound card

Note: System requirements may differ depending on the Windows Vista version installed and increase when Windows Aero interface is enabled. 
