Abbie Gale are a four-piece band, that took shape during the summertime 2003 in Patras. They record their first album titled Family Life, that it circulates the summertime 2005 from Vacant Records. The album is characterized by its’ low profile, acoustic sound and the voice of Evira. It takes dithyrambic reviews from the printed and electronic press and the group intensifies their live appearances in many Greek cities.
  They started to work their new songs on summertime 2006 and two years after the release of their acclaimed debut “Family Life”, Abbie Gale are back with their second album, symbolically titled “2”. The music style of the band changes perceptibly, the sound becomes more electric and the rhythm most intense, without losing the melody that characterizes them. Guided by the charming, wide-ranging voice of Evira, the band appear more mature than ever, as they present their compositions in a solid and determined fashion. The album’s excellent production values, combined with Abbie Gale’s confident playing, make “2” an exciting listening proposition.
  Starting with the introspective mood of the opening track “Life After Life”, Abbie Gale guide us through a bright playful conversation in “Lovesong” (guest featuring Raining Pleasure’s frontman Vassilikos), sparks of lyricism such as “Clown” and “Air” and an agonizing spoken-word manifesto in “Danko”. The band’s dedication to their creative vision, along with their refined sense of songwriting and their honest inspiration make for an aesthetically flawless result.

  Abbie Gale’s “2” is also the debut release of the new and upcoming indie label Inner Ear.    

Abbie Gale are:

Evira: Voice
Salvatore: Guitar, bass VI
Pedal: Guitar, keyboards
Achilles: drums, loops
Nick: bass

For more info check:
the band's website      - http://www.abbiegale.gr/home.html
the last.fm entry       - http://www.last.fm/music/Abbie+Gale
--------------------------------------------

This torrent contains:

-----> LPs <-----

2007 - 2
Tracklist:
01 Life after Life  	   	 
02 Lovesong 	  	 
03 Heliotrope Portrait 	  	 
04 Clown 	  	 
05 Wanted 	  	 
06 Gone 	  	 
07 Contact Improvisation 	  	 
08 Over The Wall 	  	 
09 Sometimes 	  	 
10 Air 	  	 
11 Goodnight 	  	 
12 Danko


2005 - Family Life
Tracklist:
01 Letters (family life)  	   	 
02 Mom 	  	 
03 Say the words 	  	 
04 The end song 	  	 
05 Kid still lives 	  	 
06 Spring 	  	 
07 P.S. 	  	 
08 Secrets 	  	 
09 Harmonica 	  	 
10 The Sky

-----> EPs <-----

2008 - Fall
Tracklist:
01 Fall  	   	 
02 Mom 2008


If you like this band, please support it by attending its gigs or even better buying its cds :)