Beto Villares
2008

Beto Villares debut album was initally released as "Excelentes Lugares Bonitos" (Excellent Pretty Places). A summer favourite of mine. Enjoy!

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Brazil is vast – as big as Australia, Spain and France combined. Large enough to spawn a whole slew of road movies and, so it would appear, road albums too. Otto's Sem Gravidade is one example, as is this gorgeous CD, born from a journey Beto Villares undertook to research music for a documentary. Setting the mood for the musical voyage he wishes to share with us, he reels off names of Brazilian cities. 'Teresina, Petrolina, Horizonte…' he sings on the opening track, accompanied by Fernanda Takai of Pato Fu. 'Meio Dia em Macapa' recalls the midday heat in Amapa's capital; 'Redentor' remembers Rio; and 'Africa La' hymns the Afro-Brazilian heart of the north-east. 

The overall style recalls CeU's 'Malemolencia' – spacey, clubby and drifty, with echoes of bossa nova, samba, forro and baiao picked up with an eclectic, post-genre ear to the world. There are plenty of guests on board. Alongside Villares' own baritone, there's CeU's sweet huskiness, the MPB touch of Zelia Duncan of (new) Os Mutantes, a rapping Rappin' Hood and the rich contralto of Anelis Assumpcao. The latter's seductive, pure voice closes the album with perhaps the strongest track, 'Lume'. She's the daughter of the founder of the Sao Paulo avant-garde, Itamar Assumpcao, and his musical stamp is felt all over the CD – from the tight three-point harmony and offbeat bass of 'No Dend'agua' to the quirky rhythms of the vocal lines in 'Medo'.

This is a wonderful debut: modern yet rooted in traditional Brazil, richer and more detailed on every listen.
-- SongLines Magazine

"Villares sends his inspirations spinning into exciting new territories"
-- Metro, UK

"Downbeat, seamlessly woven blend... early contender for summer chill-out classic"
-- Observer, UK

Tracks
01- Incerteza
02- Excelentes Lugares Bonitos
03- Rio da Bossa Nova
04- No Dend'Agua
05- Aboio
06- Nacao Postal
07- Um Dia Desses
08- Meio Dia Em Macapa
09- Redentor
10- Africa La 
11- Santo Negro
12- Festa Na Roca
13- Medo
14- Pra Acabar
15- Lume

EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org
