Seasons 1 and 2 are already torrented here:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/4473763

But since the files are small, it makes more sense just to offer all three seasons together than to just torrent season 3 alone. However, I have placed each season in a separate folder if someone just wants to grab that part. The good news for those who have been following the series is that it sounds like there will be a part 4 sometime next year. Thanks to BedtimeBear on thebox who originally capped these!
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bleak_Expectations

Bleak Expectations is a Radio 4 comedy series, first broadcast at 11.30am on Wednesdays from 15 August 2007, with the first series repeated on Radio 4 from 9 January 2008. It is a pastiche of the works of Charles Dickens, like Bleak House and Great Expectations from which it derives its name, and costume dramas set in the same period, and parodies several of their plot devices (such as cruel guardians, idyllic childhoods interrupted, lifelong friendships, earnest young people). It is written by Mark Evans, who also plays any extra minor characters in most episodes (or is credited as "several Trappist monks" if there are no such characters). Its opening and closing theme is the main theme from the Mazurka from Three Characteristic Pieces by Edward Elgar.

The plot of the first series revolves around Philip "Pip" Bin and his two sisters, Poppy and Pippa, whose seemingly ideal life is disrupted by the death of their father and the madness of their mother. They are then locked away by their guardian, Mr. Gently Benevolent (the name is a spoof on Dickens' habit of often naming characters after their most obvious traits - Gently Benevolent is actually the enduring villain of the piece), in St. Bastard's, the most vicious boarding school in England, and St. Bitch's, a nearby convent. Pip and his sisters attempt to free themselves of their guardian with the help of Harry Biscuit, whose father invented the biscuit. It is narrated by Pip as an old man.

The pilot episode was recorded in March 2006; a second series was commissioned late 2007, and was recorded on the 18th, 23rd and 26th of May 2008 at the BBC Radio Theatre. The British Comedy Guide website gave it is "British Comedy Guide Editors' Award" for 2008.[1] A third series was recorded at the Radio Theatre, Broadcasting House, on 7th, 14th and 28th June 2009 and the first episode was broadcast on Radio 4 on the 29th of October 2009.

Episodes

Series 1

1.	A Childhood Cruelly Kippered - The idyllic life of Pip, Pippa and Poppy Bin is ruined by the scheming of their evil guardian and Pip's incarceration in Britain's most violent school, St Bastard's (based on Dotheboys Hall). Original transmission date: 15 August 2007.

2.	An Adolescence Utterly Trashed - Pip meets a mysterious aged crone who can help him escape from Britain's most terrifying school, with only a false beard and disguises as Nelson, a giant rabbit and a grandfather clock. But can they stop his evil guardian marrying his mother? Original transmission date: 22 August 2007.

3.	A Youth Utterly Crocked - Pip must thwart the plans of his evil guardian Mr. Gently Benevolent. Can underwater squirrels, oddly placed church bells and a stint in the workhouse foil him in his noble quest? Or will Aunt Lily and her Gloucestershire racing cows save the day?. Original transmission date: 29 August 2007.

4.	A Young Adulthood Bitterly Dismantled - Pip finds himself saved from the workhouse with the arrival of a vast sum of money from a stranger. But new problems await him. Original transmission date: 05 September 2007.

5.	A Young Love Mercilessly Dismembered. - Pip is saved from the wreck of Admiral Hardthrasher's vessel by Aunt Lily on a raft of trained tuna. He returns to London, to find true (if brief) love with the beautiful but terminally feeble Flora Dies-Early. Pippa and Mr. Parsimonious flee to the continent, with Mr. Benevolent in pursuit, but his nefarious attempts against them are thwarted by Aunt Lily. Harry, meanwhile, tries to join the army to forget his love for Pippa, but is thwarted by an allergy to the color red. Original transmission date: 12 September 2007.

6.	A Life Sadly Smashed…Then Happily Restored A Bit. Things look grim for Pip as he faces a highly prejudicial court case to defend his masterful and eponymous invention, the Bin. Is he to be hanged, or will there be a last-minute escape? Original transmission date: 19 September 2007.

Series 2

1.	A Happy Life, Cruelly Re-Kippered - Pip Bin struggles against the cruel plotting of his evil guardian Mr. Gently Benevolent, recently returned from the dead. A plot is afoot to steal Britain's loveliest school. Transmission date: 07 August 2008.

2.	A Re-Kippered Life Smashed Some More - Pip and Harry find themselves building an entire railway network in their bid to catch Benevolent. Transmission date: 14 August 2008.

3.	A Recovery All Made Miserable - Pippa is lost so Harry makes a "Pippa Detector" which actually works! Transmission date: 21 August 2008.

4.	A Restoration Re-ruined, Only Even Worse - Pip finds himself heavily in debt when he has to bribe the whole of the House of Commons. Transmission date: 28 August 2008.

5.	An Already Bad Life Made Worse but Sort of on Purpose - Full of self-loathing, Pip drinks some very strong gin, finds he is really quite keen on opium, and falls in with a gang of thieves. But is their Fagin-like leader Abraham Bagel, all he seems? Transmission date: 4 September 2008.

6.	A Happy Life Broken and then Mended a Bit - In a parody of The War of the Worlds, the planet is in deadly peril when Gently Benevolent summons a massive Martian invasion. Is this the end for Pip, Harry and the rest of the human race, not to mention Pippa's goose sanctuary? Transmission date: 11 September 2008.

Series 3

1.	A Lovely Life Re-Kippered Again Once More - The evil Gently Benevolent returns from the dead (again) during a séance, and Pip Bin is in peril once more. Framed for murder by a half-man, half-pigeon incarnation of his evil ex-guardian, Pip Bin faces total ruin at the hands of his mortal enemy. Transmission date: 29 October 2009.

2.	A Now Grim Life Yet More Grimified - Pip Bin faces his most grueling fate yet at the hands of his evil undead ex-guardian and an enormous quantity of cheese. But can the A Christmas Carol-style spirits of Harvest Festival past, present and future show him a way to redemption? Transmission date: 05 November 2009.

3.	A Sort of Fine Life De-niced Completely - Pip Bin strives to improve working conditions in his Bin factory, and to end poverty once and for all using Harry Biscuit's anti-poverty cannon. But will his quest distract him from a dastardly plan to steal London and sell it to the French? Transmission date: 12 November 2009.

4.	A Horrible Life Un-ruined and then Re-ruinated a Lot - Pip, Harry, Pippa and Ripely are reduced to abject poverty on the banks of the Thames. Will Pip and Harry be able to find work, or will they have to end their days eating mud and listening to the gloating of Mr. Benevolent? Transmission date: 19 November 2009.

5.	An Evil Life Sort of Explained - Pip Bin, Harry Biscuit and Gently Benevolent find themselves trapped in the vast emptiness of space. As their doom looks increasingly inevitable, Mr. Benevolent finally explains just why it is that he is so very very evil thanks to thwarted love, his stepfathers' cruelty and a family ancestry reaching back to Judas's accountant, in a parody of Great Expectations. Transmission date: 26 November 2009.

6.	Lives Lost, Ruined, Wrecked and Redeemed - Pip and Ripely find themselves facing a vast and evil undead army. England has only one hope - that Miss Sweetly Delightful can melt Mr. Benevolent's cruel, undead heart. Transmission date: 03 December 2009.

