Before she became Peaches, Nisker was an elementary school music and drama teacher. She plays her own instruments for her songs, programs her own electronic beats, and produces her own albums.

She released her first album, Fancypants Hoodlum, under the name Merrill Nisker in 1995, and subsequently developed the style and persona that would take her to international fame as Peaches. In Toronto, before rising to fame, she was a roommate of fellow recording artist Feist.

Her songs have been featured in movies such as Mean Girls, Waiting..., Jackass Number Two, My Little Eye, and Lost in Translation. Her music has also been featured on television shows such as Showtime's The L Word and Ugly Betty, and has been used for the promotion of Dirt. Peaches performed guest vocals on Pink's album Try This, on the song "Oh My God," and on the Chicks on Speed album 99 Cents, on the song "We Don't Play Guitars."

For her fourth album, 2006's Impeach My Bush, Peaches enlisted guest musicians Joan Jett, Greg Kurstin, Josh Homme, Samantha Maloney, Beth Ditto, Feist, Dave Catching, Brian O'Connor and Radio Sloan to perform on several of the tracks.

 
Peaches and the Herms performing in 2006. Left to right: JD Samson, Samantha Maloney, Peaches, and Radio Sloan.The Herms (short for hermaphrodites) were formed in spring 2006 as Peaches' live backing band. They played at small and large venues alike with sex and sex related themes as the "shock factor" for the audience[citation needed]. "Herms" is a reference to 70's duo Peaches & Herb and blending of words her and him. Peaches and Herms was the opening act for Nine Inch Nails and Bauhaus during the second half of their 2006 summer U.S. tour.

Peaches played two shows in New Zealand in September 2008 with German band Sweet Machine. Her sold out show at San Francisco Bath House in Wellington featured several songs from her forthcoming album I Feel Cream, including opening number "Showstopper" and "Lose You".

Peaches played live at the Parklife Festival in Australia, October 2008, and performed a DJ set at the Parklife after party (Afterlife) at the Met Nightclub in Brisbane on the October 4.

Her album I Feel Cream, was released on May 4, 2009 in Europe and May 5 in North America.  The first single from the project is a double A-side of "Talk to Me" and "More".


Taken from rage only logo bottom left for about 5 secs then clear


Enjoy