Book: Public Economics 2001
 Author: Gareth Donald Myles
 Language: English


 Product Description
 Review
 'This is the most comprehensive up-to-date exposition of the modern theory
 of public economics ... A natural reference for any student or scholar in the
 field.' Eytan Sheshinski, Hebrew University of Jerusalem 'As an introduction
 to the methods and content of standard public economics the book is excellent.
 Its comprehensive coverage will be particularly appreciated by post-graduate
 students, but practising economists in all areas will value it as a reference.
 Highly recommended.' Simon Vicary, The Economic Journal

 Review
 ‘This is the most comprehensive up-to-date exposition of the modern theory of
 public economics … A natural reference for any student or scholar in the
 field.’ Eytan Sheshinski, Hebrew University of Jerusalem

 ‘As an introduction to the methods and content of standard public economics the
 book is excellent. Its comprehensive coverage will be particularly appreciated
 by post-graduate students, but practising economists in all areas will value it
 as a reference. Highly recommended.’ Simon Vicary, The Economic Journal

 Product Description
 This textbook provides a thorough treatment of all the central topics in public
 economics. Aimed at senior undergraduate and graduate students, it will also be
 invaluable to professional economists and to those teaching in the field. The
 book is entirely self-contained, giving all the equilibrium theory and welfare
 economics needed to understand the analyses. The author covers the Arrow-Debreu
 economy, welfare economics and the measurement of inequality and poverty which
 lay the foundations and emphasise the important role played by information.
 Within the competitive economy, he examines commodity taxation, income taxation
 and tax reform in a certain environment. He goes on to study the public economics
 of uncertainty, and then treats public goods, externalities, imperfect competition
 and tax evasion as departures from the standard competitive assumptions and looks
 at their implication for public economics derived.

 Book Description
 This textbook provides a thorough treatment of all the central topics in public
 economics. Aimed at senior undergraduate and graduate students, it will also be
 invaluable to professional economists and to those teaching in the field. The
 book is entirely self-contained, giving all the equilibrium theory and welfare
 economics needed to understand the analyses.


     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gareth_Myles


     http://people.exeter.ac.uk/gdmyles/GDM.html
