mastitorrents.com 
http://mastitorrents.com/forums/index.php


Meet 1 Da Bred, the hottest white rapper that no one's ever heard of. That's because he doesn't have a record contract, but he has plenty of hos who want to be in his video! This white boy can’t lay down tracks but he does lay pipe in all the big black asses and pussies he can find. Hosted by 2 Live Crew founder, DJ Mr. Mixx, watch these six derriere divas get hoodwinked and humped by 1 Da Bred in every position possible...even deep-drilling anal piledrivers!

Scene 1
Kapri Styles shows up for a video audition for a new rapper's video, but when she gets there, she realizes that she is at someone's house, not a video shoot. That's when she meets 1 Da Bred and he tells her that the video is going to "be naked." She knows he is full of shit, but she also knows that he wants a mouthful of her sweet ass. She tells him, "Shut the fuck up and eat my ass," and he obliges her and does her one better by filling her bubble butt full of cock.

Scene 2
1 Da Bred is on the streets when he spots Kali Dreams and her huge ass. He takes her back to his house to show her how much of a baller he is. And even though she's not impressed by his pad, she shows him her ass anyway. That's when he makes a serious impression on her by giving her his cock. He bends her over and gives her the pounding she's looking for and glazes her chocolate cheeks.

Scene 3
Stacey Foxx shows up on a soundstage to star in a video, and that's when she meets 1 Da Bred and realizes that she has been duped. But the minute the lights and the music come on and she sees a camera, this sweet-cheeked freak starts shaking her ass to the beat and spreading her cheeks for some deep-drillin'. She isn't even surprised when 1 throws his cock in her face. She sucks it and lets him know that she has no problem fucking him if he makes her a star. So 1 does what he thinks will make her famous right away...his fills her mouth with his cum.

Scene 4
1 Da Bred is on the streets again, this time, he's scouting for new talent. That's when he sees Luscious Louis and her fantastic ass. He tells her that he is a rapper, and offers her a chance to be in his video. She is skeptical, but Luscious wants to be famous, no matter what. That's why she doesn't have a problem with taking her clothes off and letting 1 lick and finger her cunt. That's why she fucks him and bounces her big cheeks on his dick. And that's why she tells him to glaze her ass and plays with the cum, rubbing it in with gusto. This girl wants to be famous...as a video vixen or a porn star.

Scene 5
1's record goes double gold...after he spray paints them gold in his backyard! But never underestimate the power of shiny bling. Those gold records land him in the pants of juicy-assed Cheetah. She's impressed by his rap career and wants to be down with 1 Da Bred. So naturally, she goes down on him, the first chance she gets. You know these video hos, they want to fuck the talent and be famous, too. That's exactly what Cheetah does, working her juicy ass and pumping her pussy on 1's dick so hard, that she almost breaks the couch they're bangin' on.

Scene 6
Kara Kane wants to meet with the CEO of a record company to fulfill her dreams of being a dancer. 1 Da Bred just so happens to be in the CEO's office...doing his thing as the janitor. When she mistakes him for the CEO, who is he to argue? He promises to take her all the way to the top and she is so grateful that she gives him her pussy right then and there on the CEO's desk. And when he promises her the lead role a video, she even gives up her tight asshole! Kara knows the cardinal rule of video hoochies: Use what you got to get what you want. 

Note Join Mastitorrents