Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video is the live performance version not the "Claymation version."


"Wait and Bleed" is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot, featured on their 1999 debut self-titled album. The song was released as the lead single from the album in July 1999, and peaked at number 34 on the American Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

There are two music videos for "Wait and Bleed"; the first, directed by Thomas Mignone, features footage of a live performance of the song with the studio track overdubbed. The second, known as the "Claymation version", depicts all nine band members as small, animated, doll-like creatures inside a laboratory inhabited by a man who is attempting to catch them. Eventually, the band cause the man to fall over and be stung by insects dropping from a jar. As the band looks over the man, Chris Fehn's doll covers him in fuel before seeing all 9 band members looking at him, Shawn Crahan then sets the man alight, killing him.

"Wait and Bleed" gained Slipknot their first Grammy Award nomination in 2001 for Best Metal Performance, though it lost to Deftones' "Elite". The song enjoyed a degree of commercial success, reaching number 34 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 27 in the UK Singles Chart. It was also ranked number 36 on VH1's "40 Greatest Metal Songs" list.

Slipknot is the debut album by American heavy metal band Slipknot. It was released on June 29, 1999 through Roadrunner Records, after a demo containing a few of the songs had been released in 1998, and was reissued in December 1999 with a slightly altered track listing and mastering, as a result of lawsuit. It was the first release by the band to be produced by Ross Robinson, who sought to refine Slipknot's sound rather than alter the group's musical direction.

The album spans many genres, but is generally noted for its extensive percussion and overall heavy sound. Slipknot was well received by fans and critics alike and was responsible for bringing Slipknot a large increase in popularity. The album peaked at number 51 on the Billboard 200, and has gone on to become certified double platinum in the United States, making it the band's best selling album.

Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines, Iowa. Formed in 1995, the group was founded by percussionist Shawn Crahan and bassist Paul Gray, after several line-up changes in their early days the band consisted of nine members for the greater part of their tenure—Sid Wilson, Paul Gray, Joey Jordison, Chris Fehn, Jim Root, Craig Jones, Shawn Crahan, Mick Thomson, and Corey Taylor. However, the death of Paul Gray on May 24, 2010 left the band with only eight remaining members. The future of Slipknot is currently unclear due to their current hiatus and reluctance to comment on the situation.

Slipknot are known largely by their attention-grabbing image, aggressive music style and their energetic and chaotic live shows. The band had somewhat of a meteoric rise to success following the release of their self-titled debut album in 1999. The 2001 follow-up album Iowa further increased the band's popularity. After breaking for their first hiatus, Slipknot returned in 2004 with Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses) and once again in 2008 with their fourth album All Hope Is Gone, which debuted at the top spot on the Billboard 200 charts. The band has also released one live album and four DVDs. As of May 2010 Slipknot has sold over 14 million records worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/