File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Patty Smyth is the second album by rock singer-songwriter Patty Smyth, which went gold, as a result of the popularity of its first single, "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough", which peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and also went Gold. The album also produced two further singles in the opening track "No Mistakes" (top 40) and another, albeit minor, hit in "I Should Be Laughing".

Patty Smyth (born June 26, 1957, New York) is an American rock and roll musician. She first enjoyed mainstream success in 1982 as lead singer of the band Scandal. That band's self-titled debut release became Columbia Records' biggest selling EP. Her last name is pronounced /ˈsmaɪθ/ to avoid confusion with punk rocker Patti Smith.

Following two solo albums in 1987 and 1992, she secured a further hit record via a duet with Don Henley of The Eagles; "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough" peaked at number 2 in the Billboard Hot 100, and went gold. Its parent album, Patty Smyth, also went gold and featured an additional Top 40 hit with "No Mistakes", as well as "I Should Be Laughing", a minor hit. She had previously recorded with Henley as a backing singer on several songs on his albums Building The Perfect Beast and The End of the Innocence. Smyth guest-appeared on The Hooters 1985 album Nervous Night on the song "Where Do the Children Go" as an accompanying vocalist. Her solo hit "Never Enough" (from the 1987 album by the same name) was also co-written with members of The Hooters.

She subsequently co-wrote the 1994 song "Look What Love Has Done", nominated for a Grammy and an Academy Award after its inclusion in the soundtrack to the feature film Junior. Further soundtrack commissions resulted in her penning the theme tune, "Wish I Were You", to the 1998 feature film Armageddon. (Smyth's husband, John McEnroe, claims in his autobiography[1] that she was inspired to write the song by his own attempt at a musical career: she was struck by his excitement at playing music, when her feelings about the music industry were far more ambivalent.)

In 2004, VH1 recruited the surviving members of Scandal for a Bands Reunited episode resulting in a small reunion tour in 2005. In 2006, Columbia/Legacy released a new Scandal compilation CD as part of the We Are The 80's series. The new compilation contained three unreleased tracks from the 1982 recording sessions ("Grow So Wise", "If You Love Me", "I'm Here Tonight") as well as "All My Life", previously available on the flip side of "Goodbye To You", Scandal's most popular song.

Smyth was briefly considered by Edward Van Halen to be the replacement for David Lee Roth in the band Van Halen prior to the hiring of Sammy Hagar.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

