Godsmack - Godsmack (EAC FLAC)      
 
Godsmack - Godsmack 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 / 15 files 

Category Rock, Alternative, Rock/Pop, Hard Rock 
Label Universal 
Orig Year 1998 
All Time Sales Rank 782 
CD Universe Part number 1202640 
Catalog number 53190 
Discs 1 
Release Date Aug 25, 1998 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Mudrock; Murdock; Sully Erna 
Engineer Mudrock; Murdock; Sully Erna 
Personnel Godsmack - percussion 
Tony - guitar, vocals 
Tommy - drums 
Robbie Merrill - bass 
Sully Erna - vocals, keyboards 
Mudrock - percussion 

1. Moon Baby 
2. Whatever 
3. Keep Away 
4. Time Bomb 
5. Bad Religion 
6. Immune 
7. Someone in London 
8. Get Up, Get Out! 
9. Now or Never 
10. Stress 
11. Situation 
12. Voodoo 

Boston's Godsmack practices the sort of post-industrial metal made popular by White Zombie and perpetuated by Tool and Alice In Chains. But by mixing the raw riffing of their peers with the machine-gun rhythms of Nine Inch Nails, they distinguish ... Full Descriptionthemselves from the pack. On their self-titled major label debut, they demonstrate the commitment to furthering the evolution of metal that won them a loyal fan base in New England. 

Singer Sully screams his way through a dozen tunes chock full of chunky guitars and moshing rhythms. In keeping with the tone of modern metal, he sings about his own demons and failings rather than vaguely defined ills of society. While no threat to Dave Mustaine or Cliff Burton, guitarist Tony and bassist Robbie have a commanding presence that emphasizes attitude and power over technique. And drummer Tommy has picked up where Lars Ulrich left off with quirky fills that add a depth to the sometimes two-dimensional rhythms. 

Recorded at New Alliance Studios, Boston, Massachusetts 
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://open.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce  
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
 
 
