Since this torrent is a flagrant rip-off from someone else, it needs a little explanation. This torrent, exactly as presented here, is already on TPB, albeit with about 3 seeds. The OP gave it a deeply stupid name, no tags, and no documentation. You could search forever and not find it. The OP is no longer responding to comments, and felt the need to include a semi-psychotic rant about the merits of torrenting. As a direct result, nobody has the torrent. Therefore, I am reproducing it.

This torrent contains loads of low-to-poor quality .FLV files that appear to have all been taken from old VHS tapes. The contents of the files are CLASSIC bits from early 1970s Sesame Street, The Electric Company, Those horrible Public Service Announcements (McGruff, Woodsy the Owl, etc), School House Rock clips, and commercials touting the benefits of milk, the California Raisins, and William Shatner plugging the Commodore computer. Anyone born between 1970 and 1980 is going to go NUTS with nostalgia watching the stuff in here. 

Do you remember the commercial where the Pepsi Drinking 12-year old clone of 1987 Michael Jackson met his hero by accident in the street and they had a dance competition? It’s here. How about the original ‘I Want my Mtv’ campaign? It’s here. If you want to know where the beef is, or if you’ve fallen and you can’t get up, this is the torrent for you. When did you last see a Muppet News Flash, or have Lefty ask you if you wanted to buy the letter ‘O’? Personally, I snagged this thing just to hear Bert sing the ‘W’ song.

If anyone knows of better copies (or just more!) of these old and rare clips, PLEASE link here. I know that the School House Rock films have been re-mastered and released on DVD, but I think most of the rest of this stuff is only available in files like these. Finally, I’d like to make a plug for another torrent that tells the unabridged story of how Sesame Street came to be back in the day:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5386255/Michael_Davis_-_Street_Gang_-_History_of_Sesame_Street_Unabridge

Anyway, happy nostalgia, my fellow Generation Xers!

