Brad Paisley - 5th Gear (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s
# of Discs 1 with 22 files


Category  Rock/Pop Albums, Contemporary Country CDs, Country 
Label  RCA 
Orig Year  2007 
All Time Sales Rank    3485   
CD Universe Part number  7431084 
Catalog number  864121 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Jun 19, 2007 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Chris Dubois; Frank Rogers 
Recording Time  67 minutes 


Highlighted by the smash first single, "Ticks," a goofy-sexy ode to nudity al fresco, Brad Paisley's FIFTH GEAR maintains his string of albums neatly balanced between light pop-oriented material and more traditional country. The latter is best exemplified by the twangy guitar instrumental "Throttleneck," the reverent "When We All Get To Heaven," and the tuneful "Bigger Fish To Fry," featuring guest vocals by Vince Gill, Bill Anderson, and Little Jimmy Dickens.
Elsewhere, a lovely ballad duet with Carrie Underwood, "Oh Love," keeps an eye to Nashville's present as well as its past. As on most of Paisley's albums, the main lyrical topic, even more than the usual love songs, is what it means to be a man in contemporary America: "I'm Still A Guy" is perhaps the most obvious song on the topic, but the country rocker "Mr. Policeman," the wry character study "Online" (a song about Internet personas at odds with reality), and the surprisingly philosophical opener "All I Wanted Was A Car" flirt with the concept as well.
Like his friend Vince Gill, Brad Paisley has achieved the often-difficult feat of reconciling being an entertainer and world-class guitarist. He's proven that on four admirable albums, and 5th Gear follows in that vein. Certainly "Ticks," an airy, radio-friendly ditty, is not the true substance here. That comes with such superior fare as the insightful "All I Wanted Was a Car" and "Online," a sly satire of people's Web facades. While his duet with Carrie Underwood ("Oh Love") is a bit cut and dried, Paisley ably handles "Letter to Me," "It Did," and "Mr. Policeman," a 21st-century outrun-the-law tune. The closing hymn, "When We All Get to Heaven," and ripping instrumental "Throttleneck" are Paisley at his best. It's admirable that he invites his venerable buddies, Little Jimmy Dickens, George Jones, Vince Gill, and Bill Anderson, along with Dolly Parton, to join in, but the obligatory "Kung Pao Buckaroos" skit is wearing a bit thin. Better to feature them musically, the way he includes Dickens, Gill, and Anderson on "Bigger Fish to Fry." In a time where lines between county and pop are blurring far too much, it's comforting to know Paisley still realizes and respects the differences. --Rich KienzleRolling Stone (p.72) - 3 stars out of 5 -- "Smart, low-profile Nashvillean Paisley's sixth album features not one but two songs about how adulthood beats adolescence."
Entertainment Weekly (p.71) - "[T]he guy's a vivid nostalgist, and his duet with Carrie Underwood is a harmonic delight." -- Grade: B+


 1. All I Wanted Was a Car 
 2. Ticks 
 3. Online 
 4. Letter to Me 
 5. I'm Still a Guy 
 6. Some Mistakes 
 7. It Did 
 8. Mr. Policeman 
 9. If Love Was a Plane 
 10. Oh Love 
 11. Better Than This 
 12. With You, Without You 
 13. Previously... 
 14. Bigger Fish to Fry 
 15. When We All Get to Heaven 
 16. Throttleneck 
 17. untitled - (hidden track) 
 18. untitled - (hidden track 
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://open.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce
