Digital Juice Fonts Collection One



Introduction:
Digital Juice Fonts, Collection One is the result of hundreds of hours
of painstaking detail work by our illustrators. This effort, in tandem with
the endless hours put in by our programming team has provided you with
a product more customizable, more powerful, more useful, and more fun than any
product we’ve ever released.
In the simplest terms, DJ Fonts are layered, graphical fonts.
While they can be modified with many of the traditional text manipulation properties
like font size, kerning, etc. in the Juicer application, the end result or
final output is graphical.

35 Font Families:
DJ Fonts - Collection 1 is divided into the 35 basic DJ Font Families.
At the head of each family is a Parent Font that is typically based
on a popular BitStream OpenType font. From this versatile Parent Font,
the artists at Digital Juice go on to create a large family of related fonts,
each one highly unique from the other.

Over 1300 Standard Fonts
Stunning ready-to-use variations created by the artists of Digital Juice.
Though DJ Fonts: Collection 1 comes with 35 DJ Font Families, that number
doesn't tell the whole story. Within each DJ Font Family Digital Juice provides
a multitude of highly modified versions known as Standard DJ Fonts.  

Highly Customizable:
Lots of layers and effects make it easy for you to create new DJ Fonts.
For each DJ Font Family there are practically limitless permutations possible
with all the different layers, textures, gradients and other effects
that are available via the Juicer.  

Features:
* 35 unique DJ Font families
* Over 1300 ready-to-use Standard DJ Fonts
* Over 200 Font Textures
* More than 20 Bitstream OpenType fonts
* DJ Fonts can be easily customized with pre-installed textures and gradient presets
   or you can import your own images as textures and
   create and customize your own gradient presets.
* 100% Royalty Free

Digital Juice The Juicer 3:
The Juicer 3 is a free application from Digital Juice that serves as a convenient browser,
search tool and conversion utility to help you work with the thousands of clips that
make up the Digital Juice Media Library. When you have found what you need,
the Juicer then converts our high quality source media files into formats that
are compatible with your Final Cut Pro, VT[4], Avid, Premier, Vegas or any other
computer-based editing solution.

More Information: -==Official Site==-

 Digital Juice’s Juicer 3.5 System Requirements
 
* Only works with Digital Juice products
* Windows 2000/Windows XP/Vista for PC
* Direct X 9c and above for PC
* Mac OS X v10.4.0 and above for Macintosh
* QuickTime 7.1 and above
* 256 MB RAM minimum recommended
* 128 MB Video RAM minimum recommended
* Minimum free hard drive space required is 300 MB on Mac and 150 MB on PC
* Internet connection required for software updates and web previews
* Additional hard drive space for DJ Fonts preview and source content
   [Storage Optional]
  At least 2.1 GB of free space for installing preview content
  At least 10 GB for installing source and preview content

Installing Juicer 3.5:
1. If you do not currently have Digital Juice Juicer 3.5 or higher installed, you can
  download the FREE Juicer software from   www.digitaljuice.com.
  Click on Juicer in the top menu bar. On the Juicer page,
  there is a Mac (OS X) and PC (Windows) version available for download.

2. Download and browse to the file Juicer3.5x_Buildxxx.exe (PC)
  or Juicer3.5x_Buildxxx.dmg (Mac), double click the file to begin
  installation of the Juicer 3 software.

3. Follow the prompts to complete the installation of the Juicer 3.5.  

Crack Instructions for PC:
1. Install Juicer 3.5 Build 115  (QuickTime 7.1 or above Required)
    Both programs can be found in the "installation_files_&_instructions" Folder
2. Rename juicer.exe to juice.old found in the installation folder
    C:/Program Files/Digital Juice/Juicer 3
3. Copy the "patch" from the "crack" folder to the Juicer installation folder
     C:/Program Files/Digital Juice/Juicer 3  
4. Mount or Burn the Digital Juice Fonts Collection One, disks and Insert or mount Disk 1
5. Open Juicer 3.5 and choose:  
    Digital Juice Juicer 3.5 > File > Install Products...
6. When prompted install fonts using any e-mail and serial number, litterally (me@email.com - 123456 works)
7. Browse to disk 1
8. Follow the installation prompts
9. Tested & working on WIndows Vista & XP
10. Enjoy 