Sign-Up Today & Receive 250 Bonus Points!

Welcome! Today I would like to take time to tell you about a wonderful site I've been participation in called Points2Shop. Points2Shop virtually has over 550,000 members to date. Points2Shop is a website based on advertisements, you complete online surveys to acquire points. These points are then used to purchase items off of Amazon.com. So 100 points would equal $1.00 USD. The surveys are straight forward and easy to complete. Points2Shop offers more than just surveys to earn points, you can also earn points by playing games, lottery tickets, or referrals. Everything is free and you never have to use a credit card here at Points2Shop.

When its time to spend all those points you've earned ever so easily, you will be able to choose from 3 different selections. You can spend them on Amazon.com, Email Gift Cards, or little prizes from Points2Shop. Prizes through amazon is just like buying stuff on the actual Amazon.com except there is no $ sign its all points. Email Gift Cards such as Xbox Live 1 & 12 month subscription cards and Xbox Live 1600 & 4000 Microsoft Points cards, the redemption code is sent straight to you email with these. Then there is the none amazon reward section where these are basically just to verify your address. Things such as an actual $1.00 bill, candys, pop rocks, pencils ext.. and are cheap in points.
				

Basically I'm here to bring you the proof and tell you why this website is so amazing. I myself have not been a member that long, but once I signed up, I was hooked let me tell you. As our motto you know that old saying "nothing in life is free" well here at Points2Shop everything is free. Everyone deserves this opportunity and you should take advantage of it today!

So go ahead and sign up today, verify your email and get your 250 bonus points. This offer will not last long.I appreciate you taking time to read this and hope you make the right decision as I and everyone else at Points2Shop did! Good Luck & Have a good one.




SIGNUP HERE