GTA Grand Theft Auto Episodes from Liberty City-RELOADED

Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City (c) Take 2 Interactive
RELEASE.DATE....: 04/2010
PROTECTION ....: Securom + Custom
DISC(S).....: 1
GAME.TYPE ........: Action, Crime


We would like to explain why our recent Solidshield cracks are not using any
kind of emulator, workaround or protection bypass. As it seems, crackers of
a couple of groups failed to reverse-engineer or understand this awesome
piece of work! To give a quick overview of how we managed to defeat this
protection:
* Created a set of tools which decompiled the solidshield vm into a set of
raw x86 programs (including all stolen functions)
* Stripped all calls to TAGES from those functions and compiled them into
x86 blocks (with relocation info included).
* Created our own "dvm.dll" library, which decrypts those precompiled and
fully reversed stolen functions (they are added as overlay data in the dll),
moves them to alloced buffers, fixes relocations and adds E9 jmps from all
of the protected modules to point to them.
That's it! Was it really so hard to check this? We had some mild respect
to your crackers, but hey - it's all gone now.


Game info:

Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City includes two complete games -
The Lost and Damned & The Ballad of Gay Tony - together on disc for
PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system and Games for Windows. In The
Lost and Damned, experience Liberty City as Johnny, a veteran member of The
Lost, a notorious biker gang. Johnny has been creating business
opportunities for The Lost in Liberty City but his first loyalty must be to
the patch he wears on his back and to Billy Grey, the club's President.
However, when Billy returns from rehab hell-bent on bloodshed and debauchery,
Johnny finds himself in the middle of a vicious turf war with rival gangs
for control of a city torn apart by violence and corruption. Can the
brotherhood survive? The Ballad of Gay Tony injects Liberty City with an
overdose of guns, glitz, and grime. As Luis Lopez, part-time hoodlum and
full-time assistant to legendary nightclub impresario Tony Prince (a.k.a.
"Gay Tony"), players will struggle with the competing loyalties of family
and friends, and with the uncertainty about who is real and who is fake in
a world in which everyone has a price.


1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Run the included update to update your game to version 1.1.1.0.
5. Copy over the cracked content.
6. Play the game by starting LaunchEFLCc.exe.
7. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!