1280 x 696 video 256k audio from surround sound track

I want to start by thanking the great Irish spirits at thepiratebay for being
such great Christians in all the time we've known them and they have been
our hosts for our torrent postings. Danke! They are in fact th nicest folks
we have found in this business - and I mean that in all sincerety!

This is our 2GB HD 720p version of "The Sting" 1973 starring the great 
Mr. Robert Redford and the truly great (late) Mr Paul Newman as well.

We made this conversion from a 10GB MKV file so that it is suitable for most
folks that want an HD 720p file that is not too bulky to make use of -
on a cheap 20cent disc (so it would have to be under 4GB) and in a lightweight
enough filesize so that it is practical to play on a computer that is hoked
up to a larger screen TV perhaps. My sister who doesnt own an HD disc player
despite being "middle class fortunate" actually has her computer hooked
up to her TV set and does her viewing of these sorts of movie files in this
way instead. We found the 2GB mkv version already on the net (although it does
have embedded subtitles n several languages) does not play in practical speed on
compter configurations we tested it on, while our DivX avi plays normally instead
(using the free vlc player - for instance). The DivX plus player that is free to
download  has great dual monior support s that you can view on your PC as well as
large screen simultanously (nice feature for karaoke use too)- however with some
movie files it too is too bulky to play without increasing computer speed at the
hardware retailer.

We aim for practical application of all our avi movie files so that they are
able to play on your computer - which can hook up to your TV, or used on a disc
player without having to pay for expensive blanc discs to do your burn
with. Nero has a free player disc burner software download which is great
and very competently designed in its appeal. Always burn at the minimum disc
speed setting that you can specify Nero to use, and then use "windows task 
manager" on your PC to specify "high processing priority" for Nerosmart (during
the disc creation process). Make sure no other programs are running at the time,
and always use "disc verify" feature in turned ON position in the Nero settings
control.

We have a 4GB DivX HD The Sound of Music from 1080p coming to you too, by the way.
It will be perfect or it wont launch.

The Sting is one of the very best movies ever made for its accomplishment
in showing American prowess in producing culture of wide appeal.

It is a great movie in its scripting and in the clever story thats involved.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070735/

Its about ragtime era conmen and Irish mobster figures in a grand scheme
to outdo each other at every turn while trying to keep to some level of
"integrity" as it were, yet in fact showing no real mercy at the "willingness
to take all" from the targets of their plot.

For me personally what makes this movie important is the glimpse it gives
us of the affirmative action sentiments that first began to appear in such
Hollywood scripts as this important hit.

Specifically we are given the notion of a "rebel wothout a real cause"
in Robert Redford's character as played in the movie.

He isnt out to "take" from the Irishman played by the talented Mr. Robert
Shaw (who is mob leader) just for his dough. Instead, he seeks to "get even"
for the hit on Redford's former partner (a drfiter from the ghettos). Yet the
hit would  have seemed reasonable enough as his former partner had indeed
"stolen from the mob and kept the dough". So is his plot in fact reasonable
enough a proposition so as to set cultural and moral standards even?

I think not. I think someone is out to sell affirmative action in that
"anything goes" as long it isnt an Irishman who wins. (Otherwise we are all
supposed to set our sights on him (without any other gainful intent)than to
somehow make things "equal" in a situation where no such claim can be made
rationally of what are the real circumstances at play.

That said, this is one movie I wouldnt do without in my home library and
its a great movie for the entire family in fact!


Michael Rizzo Chessman

There are surely subtitles on the net for bluray versions of this movie, 
its 2hrs09:19 in lenght. If you have them please make them available.
We do have an mkv file here with Swedish and other subtitles embedded
and we dont rule out making an SRT file for each subtitle track on that
file for you if need be. Thank you greatly for being such great folks 
in Sweden! Merci and grazie equally too!

(Main) Soundtrack selections included in separate mp3 folder




















 





