D E M O N O I D . C O M IS ALIVE NOW. DESCRIPTION FIXED!

Soundtrack for old quest game Toonstruck. 
This is unique release, because all included files were taken from various production music libraries as within an original game, but ingame ones included low-resolution library files with 22 kHz mono channel music, while mine are 48 kHz / 16 bit / stereo FLACs. Of course you can convert them in any lossy format you want.

As production music libraries lawyers can pull my head off, i've forced all contents into KGB 2 (http://kgbarchiver.net/?page=download) archive. Big sorry for this, and be patient waiting while contents extracting, it may should take even few hours on old machines. This was made to not allow auto-indexing torrent monitors like mininova, btmon and similar to show contents of this release.

Archive contains metadata info about tracks (from which libraries they were taken from and who performed them, html file (http://home.arcor.de/lebostein/toonstruck.html) with association which track is identified to which file in game and finally tracks itselves. Only right identified tunes are included.

Don't forget about production music libraries policy, and understand that all rights on this music materials are belong to libraries itselves, not the musicians by hire or historical musicians.
If you ever watched Nickelodeon or "Ren & Stimpy" cartoon show you maybe heared some of these tunes.
Also you should understand that most part of included tunes are historically rare and source of their record is unkown, most of them weren't published on commercial sources (like audio compact disks), so it's useless to try using AudioChecker software on them.
The only one way is to download Ren and Stimpy Production Music torrent (http://www.d e m o n o i d . c o m/files/details/1962020/1539508/) which offers 256kbps and 320kbps MP3 files and compare them in Tau Analyzer with mine.
Comments with acoustic graphs or other researchs are welcome. Also recognition of still unkown tunes are welcome. Part of them were taken from old revisions of production music disks and now replaced with different versions in modern P.M. libraries.

Current tracklist (44 tracks, numbered by recognition):
01 - Richard Harvey - The War Machine
02 - Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky - Swan Lake Suite Theme 1 - Danses Des Cynges
02 - Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky - Swan Lake Suite Theme 2 - Danses Des Cynges
03 - Sam Fonteyn - Little Symphony - Spooky Scherzo
05 - Brian Laurence Bennett - In Danger
06 - W. Merrick Farran - Footsteps Of Horror
07 - Paddy Moloney - Jacksons Morning Brush
08 - David Farnon - Haunted House
09 - David Farnon - Papa's Playtime
10 - David Farnon - Panther Prowl
11 - David Farnon - Bowler Hats
12 - Andrew Hall - Fawlty Minuet
13 - Nigel Beaham-Powell & Bella Russell - Weird Science
14 - Nigel Beaham-Powell & Bella Russell - The Untouchables
15 - Gioacchino Rossini & George Wilson - William Tell Overture
17 - Gerhard Trede - Waldlauf
18 - Gerhard Trede - Mister World
19 - Dennis Farnon - On With the Race
21 - Dennis Farnon - King Conga
22 - Dennis Farnon - Tragicomic
23 - Gioacchino Rossini & Fiachra Trench - Thieving Magpie Overture
24 - Felix Mendelssohn & Fiachra Trench - Spring Song (Songs without Words, Op. 62, No. 6)
25 - Jack Coles - Stealth by Night
26 - Trevor Duncan - Acts of Heroism (a)
27 - Barrie Hingley - State Processional
28 - Len Stevens - Romantic Interlude
29 - Ronald Hanmer - Where Danger Lurks
30 - Steve Race - Whodunnit
34 - Graham Preskett - Primary Objective (b)
35 - Bill Connor - Closing In (a)
37 - Richard Harvey - Hide and Seek
38 - Clive Richardson - Gay Activity
39 - Sidney Crooke - The March of the Ants
40 - John Longmire - Turkey Trot
41 - Alan Perry - Gay Time
42 - Jack Beaver - Workaday World
43 - Laurie Johnson - Happy-Go-Lively
44 - Trevor Duncan - Smouldering Fury (b)
45 - Dick Stephen Walter - A Day by the Sea (a)
46 - Dick Stephen Walter - Ho, Ho, Ho!
49 - Stephen Bulla - Slip 'N Slide
50 - Stephen Bulla - Kidstuff
51 - John Charles Fiddy & Otto Sieben - Mr. Plod
52 - Zdenek Bartak - Joyful Waltz

P.S.: checksum md5 file with CRCs of extracted tracks is also included.