Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Vedera (formerly Veda) is a pop/rock band from Kansas City, Missouri.

Stages is the second album from Kansas City rock band Vedera. It was released digitally on Epic Records on October 6, 2009. The album was produced by Mike Flynn and Warren Huart (The Fray, Augustana). Rough cuts of "Back to the Middle," "Satisfy," "Forgive You," and "Taking Chances" have been made available on the band's MySpace page.

According to a recent blog on the group's Myspace page, Vedera will be recording their next album with Epic Records. Recording began October 17, 2007. The album, Stages, was released on Epic online October 6th 2009, and is produced by Mike Flynn and Warren Huart (The Fray, Augustana). Vedera opened for Eisley on their Combinations tour in early 2008. In early 2009 Vedera opened for The Fray on their club tour and also performed in the spring with The All American Rejects on the I Wanna Rock tour. Vedera is currently scheduled to tour with Mat Kearney in the fall.

Stages, which May describes as about “our blood, sweat, and tears over the past five years as a band on the road. It’s about our relationships to one another and the changes we’ve gone through.” Vedera recorded Stages with Epic Records A&R executive Mike Flynn, who co-produced the Fray’s double-platinum album How to Save A Life and Augustana’s 2008 album Can’t Love, Can’t Hurt, and Producer/Engineer Warren Huart (The Fray, Augustana, Howie Day). “Mike is like our George Martin,” Little says. “He has a great sense of melody,” May adds. “As a vocalist and a songwriter, I’ve really benefited from working with him because of his great sense of a song.”

The songs begin with May and Little (“we live together so we’re constantly writing,” May says), then the pair bring their ideas to Jason and Drew who “take it to the next level,” May says. “That’s the great thing about being in a band. Brian and I could have been a couple of folk songwriters, but Jason and Drew really make us who we are as a band.”

On their major-label debut album Stages, Vedera have at last been able to capture the magic that has made them such a hot live property over the past few years. The Kansas City, Missouri-based quartet, fronted by Kristen May, have toured incessantly since releasing their first EP in 2004, honing their sound and building their considerable fanbase the grassroots way — one fan at a time. “We’ve spent more time playing live than we probably ever will be able to spend in a studio,” guitarist Brian Little (and May’s husband) says, “and we think that’s great. Feeding off a live audience has really shaped what we do and we wanted Stages to reflect that.”

Those who have seen them live are already familiar with Vedera’s sound: dreamy pop melodies, shimmering rock guitar, driving rhythm section, and the band’s not-so-secret weapon: May’s soaring vocals. Her glass-cut voice can swoop from a delicate hush to an open-throated keen on a dime as her passionate delivery provides the emotional uplift required of her lyrics, which address such themes as loss (“Loving Ghosts”), devotion (“Even I”), betrayal (“Forgive You”), romantic love (“Back to the Middle”) and wondering if love is really all you need (“Satisfy”).

On October 6, 2009 the band was featured on an episode of the reality show The Hills. They played at a showcase event for Epic Records at Smashbox Studios on the episode. The video of their single "Satisfy" was also featured at the end of the episode during credits.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

