Celemony Melodyne Studio Edition V3.1.2.0 + Keygen

What Melodyne can do? 

Melodyne is able to change the musical parameters of voices or instruments without any actual influence on the character of the recording. Melodyne detects the pitch and the rhythm, leaving you free to manipulate the audio material at will. Any changes you make are interpreted by the software in a musically intelligent manner and the results always sound natural. Working with Melodyne is as easy as editing notes with MIDI. 

Pitch shifting and time stretching were awkward operations in the pre-Melodyne age, too problematical to even bother with unless things had gone badly wrong. In Melodyne, they’re a breeze! You can perform time stretching, pitch shifting or formant correction without even thinking; just grab the notes already recognized by the software and move them around in pitch or time and everything will sound as you would musically expect it to. Or you can move the tempo slider during playback, and you will hear the music accelerate or slow down without this in any way affecting the pitch — just like an orchestra following the conductor’s baton. 


Description: 

Melodyne Studio Edition v3.0 is the latest version of this powerful multitrack audio recording and editing application which enables the handling of audio files in a completely new but musically intuitive way. It separates recordings into score notes and allows one to edit vocals, solo instruments and percussion in the same way as editing MIDI tracks. Melodyne arranges and combines existing audio files and allows the design of sounds at a detailed musical level. It can change pitch, shift formats and even edit timing and intonation, all at an award-winning sound quality. Melodyne is used for both correction of intonation and timing problems and also as a creative tool for arranging songs as well as designing sounds. At the very least Melodyne is a remixing tool par excellence. 

Whether the material contains block chords (homophony) or parts that are melodically and rhythmically independent (polyphony), Melodyne3 is able to apply pitch shifting, time stretching and quantization to it in real time — and the sound quality is all you would expect from Melodyne. This uniquely flexible way of handling audio material will lead to a whole new style of working in the studio: with Melodyne3, the note-based rearrangement and remixing of songs are child’s play, offering producers new creative options when dealing with harmonic tracks. 

The analysis now takes account automatically of the type of audio material, obviating the need for further programming. If you are batch processing a set of files of the same type, you can also create and store your own recognition templates. 

The macros introduced by Melodyne uno for the swift correction of notes that are out of tune or mistimed as well as for creative requantization are now also available in the multi-track versions. 


