Best Of Head (2010)
 
http://www.spicetvstore.com/exec/v1_item.asp?item_id=1537639&partner_id=10008496 
http://adultmoviesandtoys.com/catalog/product_info.php/products_id/118202/af/906 
http://www.adultdvdnow.com/dvd/Best_of_Head_The_87760.html

Studio  Evil Angel  
Release Date  Jun 17, 2010 
Category  Compilation, Oral, Facials 
Director  Jonni Darkko 
Starring  Alektra Blue, Marco Banderas, Tory Lane, Kristina Rose, Roxy Jezel, Phoenix Marie, Andy San Dimas, Jayna Oso, Roxy Deville, Francesca Le, Jenny Hendrix, Avy Scott, Lexi Love, Angelina Valentine, Ava Devine, Gianna Michaels, Carmella Bing, Danny Wylde, Sadie West, Kelly Divine, Asa Akira, Ashley Blue, Eric Swiss, Delilah Strong, Mckenzee Miles, Tia Tanaka, Haley Scott, Lana Croft, Trent Soluri, Sergio, Chayse Evans, Jonni Darkko, Alexandra Quinn, Julie Night, Jandi Lin, Mike Hash, Jamie Huxley, Winston Burbank, Steve James, Joe Rock, Bobbi Bliss, Velvet Rose, Ryan Knox, Mark Ashley, Alex Sanders, John West, Jeremy Steele, Arnold Schwarzenpecker 

If you love watching hot, horny beauties suck cock with lustful, sloppy abandon till they're swimming in gag spit and spunk, Jonni Darkko has a present for you. With 32 different oral sluts in 35 scenes, and clocking in at an epic seven hours ...    Full Descriptionand 32 minutes, The Best Of Head is a massive, double-disc collection of Jonni's most graphic blow job scenes. As these cheerful cocksuckers and scrotum lappers fellate, slurp, wallow and swallow, they make penetrating eye contact with the camera - much of the action is shot from the POV angles that make it look like it's the viewer himself getting his dick drained by hot whores who clearly love giving head. Ava Devine, a big-boobed, open-mouthed Asian, says, "I love gettin' my face fucked like a pussy... make my mouth your glory hole." She turns out to be an able deep-throater whose efforts leave her facialed in messy gag spit and semen, from eyes to chin. But Ava can't be filthier than big-assed Kelly Divine, whose scene starts with her face caked in cum and climaxes with irrepressible Kelly pouring a glass filled with multiple loads of thick, syrupy jism all over her face. Sadie West and Lexi Love are thoroughly cum-coated in their scenes. Francesca Le brings MILF experience. Asian beauty Jandi Lin conjures two messy loads, and her hand-and-mouth technique requires no jacking off from the dude. That scene is a spit-fest. When it's two blow jobbers at once, as in buxom Avy Scott's pairing with stacked Gianna, the girls can swap sperm mouth-to-mouth and share wet, cream-flavored kissing. In one of Gianna's scenes here, a facial leaves her nose shot full of semen! Latina Kristina Rose, who also shows up more than once, swaps dirty talk and thick, heavy cum wads with Chayse Evans. Playful Kristina displays cum bubbles in her mouth. Every flavor of cocksucker is here, including blonde-braided, light-skinned black beauty Velvet Rose, whose brown eyes bore into the camera as she deep-throats dong. 
