Syphon Filter for the Ps1                                         Rel. 01/31/1999


Format:        CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         CCD/SUB/IMG
Genre.:        Action Shooter
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps1 or Ps2, Breaker Pro Boot CD, 
               Psx Game Enhancer/Mod-Chip (Allows playing of backups) 
               or Psx Emulator. (You only need one of these methods).


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps1 Backup/Game or copy will work unless you have a modded Ps1/Ps2, or if 
      you use a bootdisc like Breaker Pro. You can also use a Game Enchancer/Built-
      in Mod-Chip which does the same as Breaker Pro expect you have to have any 
      original ps1 game loaded first (loads the boot code) then you swap in 
      your backup & start the game. 



Release Notes - When Syphon Filter first came out for the Playstation it was an
                instant classic. Coolest thing I love about the game is the air 
                taser and frying your enemies. Still a fun game to play.



Game Description:

Gabriel Logan, one of the government's top covert agents, must neutralize the terrorists that threaten Washington D.C. and destroy a biological weapon that has been built to end the lives of millions of innocent people. 

Syphon Filter is an action game played from the 3rd person. Players take the role of Gabiel Logan as well as other CBDC agents. To successfully complete the mission, players must utilize each of the character's skills accordingly. Logan is able to kneel, crouch, walk, roll, climb, jump and run to meet his objectives.

The action unfolds over thirteen missions that are chock full of dangers, hazards and puzzles.


Game Pics Included.


Burn With Alcohol 120% (Included in Download).

Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or Questions Please Post a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!