Founded 1988 in Stockholm/Sweden, Dismember were among those responsible for Death Metal’s big break through. The debut album, “Like An Ever Flowing Stream” from 1991, clearly showed that Dismember are an uncompromising band which resulted in their rise to cult status within a short period of time after the album took the scene by storm. Extensive touring with bands like Death, Morbid Angel and Cannibal Corpse showed that Dismember are a live force to be reckoned with and the number of fans grew steadily. Spurred on by success, it was easy to commence the songwriting for the next album. However, the band then released the 5-track EP, "Pieces", and went out on tour again instead with Napalm Death and Obituary. They played for thousands of fans throughout Europe thus reinforcing their status as one of the best live bands on earth. 

The second album, “Indecent & Obscene”, sounded more mature and accessible as it’s predecessor without, however, casting aside the bands’ Death Metal roots. The tour which followed (with Deicide, Suffocation and Vader) took Dismember to America for the first time where they left an astonished audience behind after tearing through the US of A like a runaway train before returning to Europe to take part in the first Nuclear Blast Festival tour with labelmates Hypocrisy, Amorphis and Benediction. 

1995 saw the release of the 3-track single, “Casket Garden” and the third album, “Massive Killing Capacity”, through which Dismember became a legend in their own right. The Swedes had never been better. A european tour with Dissection as support was also made during this period. 

After a short creative break, the Swedes returned with a vengeance in 1997 with the single, “Misanthropic” and the album, “Death Metal” and showed the then flourishing, second generation of Death Metal that Dismember are still an ever present force. 

Two years passed, and Dismember returned with a new album. The band had, once again, managed to improve their instinctive feel for good songs and presented with "Hate Campaign", a merciless, all-pulverising Death Metal album enriched by highly accessible melodies and riffing. They toured Japan for the first time ever, and antoher tour in the U.S was made together with Krisiun and Shadows Fall. 

After a long absence Dismember stroke back in 2004 with "Where Ironcrosses Grow" - one of the strongest albums to emerge from Stockholm's Death Metal scene since the glorious days back in the early 90's. The band was nominated for the Swedish Grammy awards in the category "best hardrock" at this point. In 2004 the band toured South-america for the first time, and in 2005 the band made a successful first tour in Australia. 

Sooner than expected the band who was almost written off a few years ago is about to release their follow up. Dismembers 7th album, “The God That Never Was”, consists of eleven uncompromising songs true to the genre they helped create. Ranging from the violently brutal to the two guitar harmonies “The God That Never Was” combines them both. A tour in America was made together with Grave and Vital Remains in 2006. They also did their first ever tour in Russia as well as a very successful tour in Europe together with Entombed, Unleashed and Grave under the name of "Masters Of Death" 

After twenty years of relentless live performances and classic album releases, Dismember is now back with their most crushing album to date! "Dismember" is the ultimate death metal album from one of the finest Swedish bands. These guys have lost nothing in terms of intensity. The sheer pace and passion of the songs are blistering and the vocal sounds as pissed off as ever. Powerful riffs that are not in short demand, plenty of lead works and amazingly melodic harmonies are what the metal scene needed and Dismember have them in huge spades. This is definitely one of the best death metal releases in many, many years. Forget about the forward and skip in your CD player, no need in this album!!! In 2008 Dismember has made extensive world headline touring visiting: Europe, Asia, Australia, South-america and Canada. 

As long as Dismember live, Death Metal will reign!

Current line-up 
Matti Kärki - Vocals (1990-) (Carnage (Swe), Therion (Swe), Murder Squad, General Surgery, Carbonized (Swe))
David Blomqvist - Guitars (1988-) (Carnage (Swe), Entombed)
Martin Persson - Guitars (2005-) (Mörk Gryning, Berserk (Swe), Frasse Haraldsen, Sins of Omission) 
Tobias Christiansson - Bass (2006-)
Thomas Daun - Drums (2007-) (Insision, Repugnant (Swe), Iron Lamb)

Genre = Death Metal
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = vbr

Track Listing
1. Stillborn Ways 
2. Death Conquers All 
3. Skinfather 
4. Dark Depths 
5. Life – Another Shape of Sorrow 
6. Forged With Hate 
7. Under a Bloodred Sky 
8. Override of the Overture 
9. Soon to be Dead 
10. Bleed for Me 
11. And so is Life 
12. Dismembered 
13. Skin Her Alive 
14. Sickening Art 
15. In Death’s Sleep