Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.
                                                              
                                                            
                                                       
                                                  
                                                 
                                
                         
                      
                
                
                  
                      
                           
                           
                              
                       
                     
                             
                                       
                                         
                            
                   
              
                  
                       
                          
                                   
                                      
                                   
                           
                          
                                
                                 
                            
                        
                              
                                      
                                       
                                         
                                                
                                     
               E X T R O A D i N A R Y   
                    
             r E V E R S E
                  
          E N G i N E E R S
              
       S Q U A D
             
 


                                                                         
        P  R  O  U  D  L  Y       P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S . . .       
                                                                         


            
                             Saint Paint Studio
            
        
      
       Release Group ........: ErES
  
        Version ..............: v16.1      
   
          Operating System .....: Windows
      
         Release Type .........: Cracked    
   
         Release Date .........: 24/11/09   
      
             Filename .............: sp161       
        
      Disks ................: 01 disk(s)
 
 
                                                                       
                                  Description                          
                                                                       


        Saint Paint is the ideal paint package for creating and editing         
        True Colour, 256 colour, 16 colour, and Monochrome graphics, and        
        animating in any mode or combination of modes, with AVI editing         
        support. It features all the essential graphic tools you'll need        
        in everyday use, in a neat and very easy to use manner. Whether         
        you are a newbie or a professional, you'll be amazed how you            
        managed without it. Supporting GIF and JPG formats (and many            
        more besides), it is the perfect package for designing web              
        graphics. It is also fantastic for photo editing, with many             
        tools including a tool for eliminating red-eye, image                   
        sharpening, and full support for printing out images. Its               
        versatility makes it the essential graphics tool, whatever your         
        needs are. Even if you already have a much more expensive paint         
        package you'll find Saint Paint Studio to be invaluable.                
        Developed for use in the games industry by artists and                  
        programmers, it has all you need for everyday use, and will             
        establish itself as your only essential paint package.                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
        File Formats supported                                                  
                                                                                
        BMP, JPG/JPEG, GIF, ICO, CUR, AVI, PNG, PCX, TIF/TIFF, TGA, WBMP        
        and SPS (Saint Paint Studio's own format which stores animation,        
        layers and alpha channels)                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
        Saint Paint Studio Features                                             
                                                                                
        Images in Saint Paint are device independent (DIBs). When you           
        edit your image, all the information about the palette, and the         
        colours used will be saved internally and retained. Other paint         
        software utilities are well known to alter palettes and images          
        internally especially when saving, which can lead to no end of          
        headaches.                                                              
                                                                                
        Full support for every combination of colour depth conversion           
        between True Colour/256 colour/16 colour/Monochrome colour              
        images, including 2 dithering options.                                  
                                                                                
        Complete animation system, with GIF and basic AVI support,              
        including mixed colour depth images and mixed image sizes. Also         
        with a full set of animation playback controls.                         
                                                                                
        A fully featured layer and alpha channel editor.                        
                                                                                
        An image file browser with adjustable viewing grid and an               
        integrated set of file handling functions - find, rename, copy,         
        delete, undo.                                                           
                                                                                
        Square or free hand brush grabs (selecting part of an image to          
        use as a brush to paint with) and a comprehensive set of tools          
        for manipulating them, including rotation (through any angle),          
        resizing (with a bi-linear interpolation option), flipping,             
        colour palette swapping, loading and saving, pasting as a newly         
        created image, pasting with anti-aliasing. Also you can deform          
        the brush image into almost any shape you like. This can be used        
        to create a variety of interesting effects including                    
        perspective.                                                            
                                                                                
        Single image or animated brush grabs with a variety of pasting          
        options.                                                                
                                                                                
        Image processing tools including conversion to negative image,          
        conversion to black & white, brightness (including automatic            
        brightness correction), hue control (colour tinting), contrast,         
        gamma correction, image sharpening, image de-speckling, image           
        blurring/softening/smoothing, image simplification (oil painting        
        effect), a red-eye filter for eliminating red-eye from                  
        photographs, image resizing/cropping/stretching/shrinking               
        functions (with the option of bi-linear interpolation) and image        
        flipping.                                                               
                                                                                
        Effects include smoothing/blurring, translucency and brush paste        
        fades.                                                                  
                                                                                
        Quick Image duplication. Image copying and pasting via the              
        Windows Clipboard, therefore incorporating screen capture               
        functionality.                                                          
                                                                                
        A full range of painting tools including lines, simple geometry,        
        spray can, text, curves, square and freehand brushes.                   
                                                                                
        A 256 colour palette remapping and swapping utility, including          
        batch processing. Also batch processing into different file             
        formats etc can be acheived by using the animation system as a          
        simple image buffer.                                                    
                                                                                
        A host of palette manipulation tools, including loading and             
        saving palettes, colour spreads, swapping, copying and excluding        
        (a palettised image can be forced into any set of selected              
        colours).                                                               
                                                                                
        A symmetry tool that allows easy production of cyclic or tiled          
        patterns (very useful for website wallpaper). Full support for          
        printing.                                                               
                                                                                



                                                                       
                                  Installation                         
                                                                       


        Install                                                                  
        Replace original exe with cracked exe                                    
        Have fun                                                                 
                                                                                 
        If you like this program, buy it!                                        
                                                                                 

                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                      
                     - -- --- ----  Group  Info  ---- --- -- -              
                                                                             
                                We are looking for                        
                                                                         
                 - Crackers for all Operating Systems                 
                                                                      
                 - Quality suppliers                                 
                                                                      
                 - Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with       
                                                                        
                 - Anything else you think we might like              
                                                                       
                    e r e s g r p  a t  g m a i l . c o m               
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
    
     - ยง  i i -b  -p   K - R  M -t H  -w  R L D -o F -1 3 3