J B HUTTO & THE HOUSEROCKERS LIVE 1977
Label:Wolf
Recorded live in 1977
Format Mp3@320



Two years after the death of slide guitarist Hound Dog Taylor, his old backing band the Houserockers, with the addition of bassist Mark Harris and piano player Mike Allen, recorded this raw live set with another Elmore James-disciple, the great J.B. Hutto.
Cut in Beverly, Massachussetts in the summer of 1977, "J.B. Hutto And The Houserockers Live" is not excactly a polished performance, but it certainly has lots of grit and lots of feeling.
Opening with a rocking instrumental built around Elmore James' legendary "Dust My Broom"-riff, this album features a rare lead vocal from Brewer Phillips on "You Don't Have To Go", and rocking live versions of J.B. Hutto's own "Hip Shakin'" and "Too Much Alcohol", as well as raw and steamy takes on Rufus Thomas' classic "Walking The Dog", Tampa Red's "Don't You Lie To Me", Big Maceo Merriweather's "Worried Life Blues", and an idiosyncratic but powerful rendition of Howlin' Wolf's best song, the thundering steam engine "Killing Floor".
Culled from a couple of nights in a Boston jazz club and recorded on a cassette deck with two microphones, this stunning document of Hutto with Hound Dog Taylor's band in support gives new meaning to the phrase raw'n'steamy. Although the trio is fleshed out at this point by the addition of a fairly obtrusive bass player (Mark Harris) and a guest piano man on a couple of tracks, the sheet metal tone of Phillips' and Hutto's twin Telecaster attack cuts through the murkiest of mixes and Ted Harvey swings mightily. ~ Cub Koda

J.B. Hutto And Houserockers: J.B. Hutto (vocals, guitar); Brewer Phillips (vocals, guitar); Mike Allen (piano); Mark Harris (bass); Ted Harvey (drums)

Tracklist
1. J.B.'s Boogie
2. You Don't Have to Go
3. Sixteen Year Old Boy
4. Kansas City
5. Dust My Broom
6. Killing Floor
7. Hip Shakin'
8. Worried Life Blues
9. Don't You Lie to Me
10. Walking the Dog
11. Too Much Alcohol




