Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Another Way to Die" is a song by American rock band Disturbed, released as the first single from their fifth studio album, Asylum. Airplay for the single began on the morning of June 14, 2010. That same day, a lyric video was posted by the band on their officialchannel and was released as a digital download on June 15, 2010 via iTunes. On August 31, 2010, an excerpt of the song played in a newly released second trailer for the 2011 Mortal Kombat game.

The band shot a music video for the track directed by Robert Schober (also known as Roboshobo) and was released on August 9th. It is the first music video since Land Of Confusion to not feature any of the band members, however the video focuses on worldwide events to do with the song.

On its release date, "Another Way to Die" reached #1 in the iTunes music store's rock section.

In an interview with The Pulse of Radio, frontman David Draiman explained how the track contains some very timely subject matter:
“ 	Obviously it's referring to the global catastrophe that we know as global warming, and the effects that it continues to have on our planet; our irresponsibility in doing what we do as species, our constant appetite, our constant consumption at all costs. No matter what is destroyed, no matter what is laid to waste. And, certainly, what's happening in the Gulf now is horrific.

Asylum is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Disturbed. Taking inspiration from other aspects of lead singer David Draiman's life (as well as various world conditions), Asylum  is meant to take a fresh direction in the band's music career, while remaining consistent with the band's previous albums. The album was released on August 31, 2010 in the United States through Reprise Records. A tour in support of the album, titled the Asylum Tour, will commence in late August 2010.

Asylum debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200 chart with sales of approximately 179,000 according to Nielsen Soundscan. This is the fourth consecutive number-one album in the U.S for Disturbed. The other two rock bands to ever accomplish this feat are Metallica and Dave Matthews Band.

In a November 2008 interview, David Draiman briefly talked about the band's fifth studio album, stating that it will be lyrically as dark as their previous album, Indestructible, if not darker. In an earlier interview with Mike Wengren and John Moyer, it was stated that, judging by Draiman's feelings on the last few years of his life, that the new album will be aggressive, angry, and "hard-hitting," but will be similar musically to their album Believe. Wengren also said that the new album may be released in the summer of 2010.

In a July 2009 interview with FaceCulture, Draiman talked more about the upcoming fifth album: "A couple of [song riffs] that Danny has come up with are really amazing. But they're just little pieces...it's not even in two-three part progression [yet]." It was later confirmed that the title of the album would be Asylum.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/