Sexo e Mentira em Las Vegas (Sex and Lies in Sin City) 2009 DVDRip Dual Audio

In the long, colorful history of Las Vegas crime, one case stands out: the shocking true story of the tumultuous, tortured romance of beauty-queen-turned-stripper Sandy Murphy and reckless casino mogul Ted Binion. At first, it seemed like the kind of story Las Vegas was invented for: she was a beauty from the wrong side of the tracks, he was one of the most eligible bachelors in town, and together they found true love. But every Vegas tale has a dark side, and soon reports of drugs, guns, cash, and mobsters begin to soil this storybook affair. When Ted Binion turns up dead of an overdose, all fingers immediately point to Sandy, the beneficiary of his millions. And when her secret lover gets caught stealing from Binion's hidden underground vault in the Nevada desert, the sordid facts of this malicious ménage à trois finally begin to emerge. Based on the book MURDER IN SIN CITY by Jeff German.
 
(Decida por si próprio a verdade nesta empolgante história verdadeira que conta o maior escândalo de Las Vegas. Ted Binion (Matthew Modine, "Weeds") é da alta sociedade de Vegas, o príncipe do mundialmente famoso Horseshoe Casino - um rapaz rico, espalhafatoso e garanhão. Quando ele se apaixona por Sandy Murphy (Mena Suvari, Um Salão do Barulho) num clube de striptease local, ele se vê preso a uma rede de drogas, mentiras e por fim sua própria morte. Após a campanha de sua irmã Becky (Marcia Gay Harden, "Damages"), a aparente overdose que o matou logo passa a ser investigada como homicídio. Agora, Sandy e seu namorado (Johnathon Schaech, Quarentena) lutam para descobrir a verdade nesta chocante história de amor que se tornou um pesadelo e cobiça que se tornou descontrolada.)

Cast
Matthew Modine ... Ted Binion
Mena Suvari ... Sandy Murphy
Johnathon Schaech ... Rick Tabish
Marcia Gay Harden ... Becky Binion
Mark Sivertsen ... Jay Green
Kiira Arai ... Bonnie Binion

Título no Brasil: Sexo e Mentira em Las Vegas

Original Title: Sex and Lies in Sin City
Country: EUA
Genre: Biography | Crime | Drama | Mystery 
Runtime: 99 minutes
Release Date: 2009
Direção: Harold Ramis
Language: Portuguese/English
Subtittles: Portuguese (BR)

*To watch the movie in English you'll have to use Media Player Classic, Gom Player, VCL or other that works with dual audio-and change audio stream from 1 to 2 (or B). WINDOWS MEDIA PLAYER IS NO GOOD, because both audios will play at the same time. *
