Arguably one of the best releases of 2002 and unquestionably one of the most original, the filmic, dreamy and mostly instrumental Melody A.M.--from Norwegian duo Svein Berge and Torbjorn Brundtland, or Röyksopp--finds uncommon beauty in the study of contrasts. At once frosty and lush, austere and joyful, ambient and wildly detailed, Melody A.M. is equal parts classical, electronica and film score, but with way better optics. Yes, optics--or at least that's how it feels. Opening track "So Easy" lulls with a gently whispered chant casually draped over what sounds like plucked harp strings while technicolor gurgles and bloopy keyboards sputter in the background. The sweeping, beatbox-damaged "Eple"--its cascading piano notes exploding into tiny white flashes of light--is as panoramic as the Nordic vistas that inspired it. Cinematic strings flood through "In Space," creating a real sense of velocity. Like Philip Glass or Boards of Canada, Röyksopp are minimalists who wring every bit of juice out each note without ever losing sight of the emotional core. Melody A.M. is music as painting, in watercolor, and destined to be a sleeper classic for the ages.





Melody A.M. came out quite a while ago, but if you were hoping this would be a catch-up rave or a late-breaking pan we're going to have to disappoint: Röyksopp are, ultimately, too beautiful to hate and too harmless to really love.

You might already be familiar with this Norwegian pair from their appearance on every downtempo or electronic pop compilation ever made. These compilations, which have spread across the recent musical landscape like mellowed-out and occasionally groovy dandelions, are basically the result of a few people noticing that slick-and-dreamy trip-hop and records like Air's Moon Safari could be appreciated by practically anyone: embraced by clubbers during their daytime hours, yes, and appreciated by ostensibly clued-up rock hipsters, but just as appealing to someone who never cared about being clued-up in the first place. All across the Western world, it was discovered, happy thirty-something couples with business degrees and Jettas could pick up free downtempo samplers at Crate & Barrel and-- we might imagine-- enjoy Zero 7, Badly Drawn Boy, and housed-up Dido remixes while lighting candles and taking baths. People who find this horrible will recall Dirty Vegas' "Days Go By" and call it all "music for car commercials," but on a certain level they're just being condescending and mean-spirited: People like this stuff because it's pleasant and reasonably interesting.

Röyksopp, you should know, are the heirs to exactly this lineage, having picked up the crown Air once wore and set it on top of creamy, accessible house music. Their own tracks are languid but funky, occasionally revving up into a friendly house throb and occasionally laying back into sunny crooning very much like Moon Safari's-- I'm not completely convinced "Sparks" wasn't actually on that record. Röyksopp's many compilation appearances are based in part on that, but just as much on their stunningly consistent string of truly amazing remixes-- a string that culminated last year with their getting inside the dauntingly singular world of The Streets, turning "Weak Become Heroes" inside-out into an ecstatic gush Mike Skinner would likely never have dreamed of.

The quality of those remixes is no surprise, because here's the thing: Röyksopp are master pop craftsmen, the Brian Wilsons and Burt Bacharachs of downtempo house. They know their tracks inside and out, from the subtlest sonic details, to the interplay of melodies, to the Big Picture build and flow-- and it's the pretty remarkable evidence of this on Melody A.M. that's endeared them even to many of those who think of themselves as being above easy-to-like compilation-fodder. "Eple", for instance, reconstructs vintage funky-drummer beats up against an addictively twinkly synth, all so enjoyably that it takes a while to notice details like the odd, rewinding stutter they've worked across several instruments. Or take "In Space", where loving little string swells drop off into achingly pretty harping while the remarkably complex beatwork ticks away bashfully in a corner. Call it new age pretty, Enya pretty, but hey: pretty is pretty, my friends.

Melody A.M. is full of this stuff-- the stuff some people call "sophisticated" and "organic," the stuff others might rightly identify as "house for people who don't actually like house" or "ambient for people who don't actually like ambient." The best moments, oddly, seem to come both from Röyksopp's devoting themselves entirely to this accessibility and from dropping their guard on it. On "Röyksopp's Night Out" they allow themselves to break into a free-flowing and slightly less restrained darkness, just enough for you to wish they'd try their hands at a full-on rage; immediately afterward, though, they've erased that wish by assembling another shyly sunny patter for King of Convenience-turned-downtempo-crooner Erlend Øye to sing-song winsomely over. ("Poor Leno", the album's most successful single, has Øye voicing a lullaby hook over a rich, subtly mutating, and equally charming groove.) The worst moments, unsurprisingly, come when Röyksopp go generically downtempo and then miss the mark-- witness the vocals on "A Higher Place".

The total package is, by any measure, a flagship release: This is likely the most solid, confident, and generally pleasurable downtempo full-length you'll be hearing for a while. Whether that means it's a must-buy, more well-meaning nondescript bubbling, or end-of-the-world car-commercial music has to be left to you






Junior is Röyksopp's third album in eight years and finds them synthesizing the highs and lows from their previous records to strike a knowing middle ground. While it might be oversimplifying matters to suggest that it splits the difference between the cute, poppy Röyksopp and the darker, techno-friendly Röyksopp, the most satisfying thing about Junior is how convincingly they've bridged that divide. In doing so, they've managed to solve the niggling problems inherent to Melody A.M. and The Understanding-- neither sickly sweet or unsuitably gloomy, Junior is arguably the pair's strongest album.

If you're a production duo like Röyksopp, a lot of your success is dependent upon the singers you surround yourself with, and they've chosen wisely here: In addition to a pair of encore performances from Dreijer, Junior also includes turns from Robyn, Lykke Li, and frequent contributor Anneli Drecker. The high points are pretty much as you'd expect; Driejer does double duty, lending an uncharacteristically creamy falsetto to the disco-inflected workout "This Must Be It" as well as a typically nervy vocal to the double-timed horrorshow piece "Tricky Tricky". Elsewhere, Robyn overdelivers, accounting not only for the best track on the album, but possibly of the year: Influenced in equal parts by Italo disco and "Blue Monday", "The Girl and the Robot" is a frigid, winding bit of electro that combines a powerhouse vocal with some slippery chord changes and one of the biggest choruses of 2009 so far.

Meanwhile, fans of Röyksopp's pop confectionaries needn't look farther than lead single "Happy Up Here", it's so infectious that it manages to coast along without the aid of (or need for) any supporting song structure. The pair also hit with "Röyksopp Forever", a starry, string-aided instrumental that starts out sounding like a proggier, second-rate Air before saving itself with a legitimately momentous key change. Some of the other album cuts flirt with downtempo conventions to less flattering outcomes; in fact, if there are any criticisms to be made here, they probably have to do with Röyksopp's tendency to veer into over-produced tastefulness. The worst offender is probably "Silver Cruiser", which exposes the pair's overly finessed production skills and temporarily veers the record into Zero 7/Lemon Jelly/Groove Armada territory. Mostly, though, it's a divide they manage to stay on the right side of; if rumors are true and Junior is in the fact the companion to a slower, more ambient album called Senior due for release in early 2010, it'll be interesting to see just how long they can keep that up.

mp3 320 kbps


Melody AM:

So Easy
Eple
Sparks
In Space
Poor Leno
A Higher Place
Röyksopp's Night Out
Remind Me
She's So
40 Years Back-Come

Junior:

Happy Up Here
The Girl And The Robot
Vision One
This Must Be It
Royksopp Forever
Miss It So Much
Tricky Tricky
You Don't Have A Clue
Silver Cruiser
True To Life
It's What I Want
Were You Ever Wanted
Accross the Graveyard

Bonus:

Only This Moment (Chab Remix)
Remind Me [Someone Else's Radio Remix]
What Else Is There (Trentemoller Remix)

Music videos that came with the bonus tracks: http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5347356