 http://img18.imageshack.us/img18/5683/0793169453.jpg





Jordan E. Goodman-Reading between the Lies: How to detect fraud and avoid becoming a victim of Wall Street's next scandal


Publisher: Kaplan Business; illustrated edition edition (July 14, 2003) 
Jordan E. Goodman
ISBN-10: 0793169453 
ISBN-13: 978-0793169450 
272 Pages 
File type: PDF 
ENGLISH
1.59 MB

As the stream of news about corporate fraud and stock scandals continues to flow from Wall Street, many investors have taken to the sidelines, afraid to invest their money in what seems like a roll of the dice in a game that is stacked against them. But individuals should realize that investing doesn't have to be a gamble. They can avoid the next Enron before it happens by learning to be their own most-trusted financial advisor. Reading Between the Lies gives investors all the information they need to begin the self-education process. The book examines today's financial markets and discusses how they have been abused, touching but not dwelling on such infamous cases as Enron, Tyco, WorldCom, and Adelphia. It explains how to dig into company financial records to find valuable investing information, and shows how to turn this research into an action plan for safer, profitable investing. Reading Between the Lies is written by Jordan Goodman, a well-known financial consumer advocate, and includes a foreword and insightful commentary throughout by Robert Olstein, one of the country's most respected value fund managers and chairman of Olstein Associates, LP, advisor and distributor of The Olstein Financial Alert Fund. Inside, readers will learn: *An overview of corporations that recently abused the system and how they did it *How audits are conducted and why they can be a problem *Why it's important for investors to perform their own company financial evaluations *How to assess data on balance sheets and other financial reports to determine a company's potential *How to look beyond fundamentals and evaluate such things as technical indicators and management profiles *Where to look online for financial information and how to apply it intelligently Reading Between the Lies is a must-read for anyone who wants to invest with confidence. The book teaches investors how to spot bad news before it happens, avoid scandal, and profit from the truth.
About the AuthJordan E. Goodman is a weekly contributor to Public Radio International’s Marketplace in the Morning and OnMoney.com. He spent 18 years on the editorial staff of Money magazine, and was a weekly financial analyst on NBC’s News at Sunrise for nine years and a daily financial commentator on Mutual Broadcasting System’s America in the Morning show for eight years. Goodman is also the co-author of the Dictionary of Finance and Investment Terms, Barron’s Finance and Investment Handbook, and Barron’s Dictionary of Business Terms...