File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:25

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
codec
: XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 8993 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.15 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Loca" is a song by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira. It was released as the lead single from her upcoming bilingual studio album Sale el Sol/The Sun Comes Out. Two versions of the song were released, one in Spanish, that features vocals from El Cata, and one in English that features vocals from British rapper Dizzee Rascal. The song premiered on radio on September 1, and later premiered on Shakira's official website. The JS remix was chosen as the official version and was released to iTunes in some countries on August 31, 2010.

The music video was filmed during a visit in Barcelona, Spain in August 2010. It was directed by long-time Shakira collaborator Jaume de Laiguana. On September 23, a sneak preview of the video was released on Shakira's official website, showing her rollerskating, riding a motorcycle and dancing in a big fountain surrounded by fans. The music video was released Wednesday, September 29th. The song used in the video is the album version and she shot the video in a bikini top and low gold hip-huggers.

The Spanish city reportedly is considering fining the Colombian singer for stopping traffic as she filmed a music video, reports the New York Post
. Her actions are considered a violation of strick antisocial behavior laws. Shakira, who didn’t get any permits, danced in a public fountain (Pla de Palau fountain) and rode on the back of a motorcycle with her hair flowing in the wind, when she should have worn a helmet.

"Loca" was an interpretation of the artist El Cata's song "Loca Con Su Tiguere". Shakira changed some instrumental melodies, gave the song a different beat and changed the lyrics. The song is Latin influenced confection song. About the collaboration
Dizzee Rascal said that "I know it sounds a bit mad now, but you'll see it and see what's going on," he said. “It's me doing something different man, on a merengue tip." Dizzee also talks to Billboard.com and said about collaboration that "She's a bit of a trendsetter -- she does loads of different things on a major scale,". He added "You'd expect her to use an American rapper [for the song], but she chose me. It meant a lot." He continue "I'd like to be in that Spanish market. I got into the whole reggaeton thing when it came out, so I always wanted to get around to something like that."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/