"    REVIEWED + RECOMMENDED ON SMOOTHJAZZ.COM

    CHARLIE WOOD | Rhythms of the Eclipse | Third Stream Productions

    We're always glad to discover exciting new talent and then share the find with you. One of our latest discoveries is from deep in the heart of Texas. The San Antonio-born, Bulverde-raised, Charlie Wood has actually been around the music biz for quite some time, playing professionally since he was 14. Charlie’s done it all in his musical career, from Rock & Roll to R&B to country. He was in the famous Gilley’s house band for 3 1/2 years. His first love, however, is Jazz and his heart keeps pulling him back. He released his first Smooth Jazz album in 1996, and has since shared the stage with the likes of Chuck Loeb, Fattburger, Gerald Albright, Walter Beasley, and Brian Culbertson. RHYTHMS OF THE ECLIPSE, his latest project, beautifully showcases Charlie Wood’s lyrical style and high caliber versatility. He uses three different guitars… Electric, flamenco, and classical, which provide an exceptionally diverse and engaging set of performances. They all have very important elements in common, though…Charlie Wood’s jazz heart, and his passion for performing. We especially like the solid “Better Days,” the intriguing title track, his unique latinesque version of the Classics IV hit “Stormy,” and the beautiful acoustic ballad, “Give Me All You Got.” Rippington's bassist, Kim Stone makes a splash as special guest on RHYTHMS OF THE ECLIPSE. We are certain that you will enjoy this rich tapestry of guitar textures. It's certain to satisfy you musically and emotionally. ~Scott O’Brien 

Scott O'Brien - Smooth Jazz Internet Radio

    Hey there Smooth Jazz Lovers!!Greetings and Welcome to Show Notesthe Café Jazz Newsletter



    Fresh Trax: Part One
    Better Days - Charlie Wood : Originally hailing from San Antonio Texas, it was Wood's father who first got him started in music by teaching him how to play banjo. However, it wasn't too long before guitar became the focus of Charlie's interests and by the age of eleven he was taking lessons on that instrument. Although he enjoyed playing various genres, Wood found that his true love gravitated to contemporary Jazz and this became very evident when his debut release in 1996 was considered for a Grammy nomination. Just out is Rhythms of the Eclipse, Wood's fine follow up effort and a project which is certain to take Charlie's career to the next level. In particular, one of the tracks on the new cd is outstanding. It's dedicated to caregivers all over the world, to survivors of 9/11 and to survivors of domestic violence. It's titled Better Days and we have it for you today.CD: Rhythms of the Eclipse Label: Third Stream Productions Site: http://www.charliewoodjazz.com/ 

Ted Hasiuk - Jazz Lynx, Cafe Radio Jazz, Canada

    AOL CityGuide: -San Antonio -Jazz'SAlive

    Jazz'SAlive at Travis Park

    300 E. Travis St.
    San Antonio, TX, 75205

    My Rating: Rate & review

    *****

    From the Editors
    There are two words that tend to bring out San Antonians in droves. The first is "music." The second is "free." These two words figure prominently in the annual music fest Jazz'SAlive. Now in its 22nd year, Jazz'SAlive brings some of the best local and regional jazz performers to tree-shrouded Travis Park, near the heart of downtown. For two days and nights you can stake out a prime grassy spot near the stage where you can not only hear but also see exceptional jazz entertainers like local guitarist Charlie Wood and the Austin-based Jon Barry Project. Nightly headliners include sax man Wayne Shorter, recently reunited guitar duo Lara & Reyes and legendary vocalist Bobby Caldwell. Though admission to Jazz'SAlive is free, plan to frequent some of its many food and beverage concessions. The Parks Department will benefit from a portion of the proceeds. New Orleans-style jambalaya, San Antonio-style gorditas and fajitas are just a few of the tasty food items available. For this reason, you should leave your ice chests, food and beverages at home. Between 1 PM and 5PM each day, even the kids can join the Jazz'SAlive fun during scheduled children's activities in the park. Yes, Jazz is alive -and doing quite well -in San Antonio. Go ahead and put this one on your calendar. -Chris Jones

    10/21/2005 

Chris Jones - City Guide AOL.Com

    San Antonio Summer Art & Jazz Festival
    SA S Fest 2006

    "Rhythms of the Eclipse" is one of Charlie Wood's most notable pieces of work. This CD best defines what smooth jazz is. This CD has a soft mellow rhythm yet features dynamic mastery of talent, featuring the best of what San Antonio has to offer in the genre of jazz music. "Rhythms of the Eclipse" has easy listening sounds with a slight hint of Latin flair. A chilled glass of wine and "Rhythms of the Eclipse" is a great way to spend an evening with that special someone. This CD is a must for any true lover of smooth jazz.
    Anthony C. Tobias
    Managing Director/Coordinator/Founder
    of the
    San Antonio Summer Art & Jazz Festival


    SanAntonioSummerArtJazzFestival.com 

Anthony Tobias - San Antonio Jazz Fest"
