Blindatele Mortii-Sven Hassel+subtitare in limba romana
 
 
Marinar, soldat, prizonier şi scriitor.
 
 
Scriitorul danez a publicat 14 romane, „Legiunea Blestemaţilor“, „Blindatele Morţii“, „Camarazi de Război“, „Batalion de Marş“, „Gestapo“, „Monte Cassino“, „Lichidaţi Parisul“, „General SS“, „Imperiul Iadului“, „Moarte şi Viscol“, „Drum Sângeros către Moarte“, „Curtea Marţială“, „Închisoarea O.G.P.U.“ şi „Comisarul“. Acestea au fost traduse în 17 limbi şi publicate în peste 50 de ţări. În Marea Britanie, scriitorul a vândut 15 milioane de exemplare, iar în lume, peste 52 de milioane.
 
 
Sven Hassel s-a născut în 1917, la Fredensborg, un mic sat din Danemarca, într-o familie de muncitori simpli. La 14 ani, Sven s-a îmbarcat pe o navă de comerţ ca mus. A efectuat serviciul militar în 1936 şi, în anul următor, din cauza şomajului din Danemarca, s-a înrolat ca voluntar în armata germană. Iniţial, a servit în Regimentul 2 de Cavalerie şi, apoi, în regimentele de Panzere 11 şi 27. A luptat pe toate fronturile cu excepţia Africii de Nord.

Între 1945 şi 1949, a fost prizonier de război în lagăre ruseşti, americane, franceze, engleze şi daneze. În acest timp, Sven a scris prima sa carte, „Legiunea Blestemaţilor“, care a fost publicată în Danemarca, în 1953. Este singurul roman danez care, de atunci, s-a fost vândut încontinuu.Sven Hassel s-a însurat în 1951 cu Dorthe Jensen şi are un fiu, Michael, născut în 1952. Din 1964, locuieşte în Barcelona, şi şi-a petrecut timpul, în general, citind şi călătorind.
 
 
Biography

Hassel's biography is disputed (see below). He claims that he was born as Sven Pedersen at Frederiksborg, Zealand, Denmark. He later adopted his mother's maiden name Hassel. At the age of 14 he joined a merchant navy as a cabin boy and worked in ship until his military service in 1936. In 1937, to escape the Great Depression, the unemployed Hassel moved to Germany to join the army. In an interview in 1990, he said, "Germany happened to be closer than England, I went to a Wehrmacht recruiting office to enlist, but it wasn't as easy as I had thought. Only German citizens could serve. After six months of trying to join up, the Seventh Cavalry Regiment finally accepted me on the condition that I became a naturalized German." Later he served with the second Panzer Division stationed at Eisenach and in 1939 was a tank driver during the invasion of Poland.

A year later he attempted to escape. ". . .I was quite simply exhausted. I did not return to my unit after a short leave. Desertion they called it. I was transferred to a Sonderabteilung, a penal unit manned by criminals and dissidents."

He served with the 2nd Cavalry Regiment and later the 11th and 27th Panzer Regiments (6th Panzer Division) on all fronts except North Africa and was wounded several times. Eventually he reached the rank of lieutenant and received an Iron Cross 1st and 2nd class. He surrendered to Soviet troops in Berlin in 1945 and spent the following years in various POW camps. He began to write his first book, Legion of the Damned while he was interned.

He was released in 1949, and was planning to join the French Foreign Legion when he met Dorthe Jensen, whom he married in 1951. He went to work in a car factory, but his wife encouraged him to write about his experiences. De Fordømtes Legion (Legion of the Damned) was published in 1953.

In 1957 Sven Hassel suffered from an attack of a sickness caught during the war and was paralyzed for almost two years. After recovery, he began to write more books. In 1964 he moved to Barcelona, Spain, where, as of 2004, he still lives. In total he has published fourteen novels which have been translated into eighteen languages. In 1987 his book Døden på larvefødder (Wheels of Terror) was made into a film with the title The Misfit Brigade.