Want to find your perfect tempo and give your running a boost? Just dig out your MP3 player. Music can cut your perceived exertion by up to 10 per cent, Brunel University research has found.
Effective training tracks have strong rhythms and a tempo to match exercise intensity and target heart rate. Sport and Exercise Psychologist Dr Costas Karageorghis found that fast-tempo songs over 120 beats per minute (bpm) yield optimum performance at exercise intensities of 75 per cent of maximum heart rate or higher, with slower music working better during recovery periods. We took these factors into consideration when compiling Runners World Playlist no. 2: Rock & Run: a 78-minute rock mix to boost your mood and stamina during a run.
RUNNER'S WORLD Playlist no. 2: Rock & Run:
The songs are sequenced to guide you through your run. The tempo progression builds from the first two slower warm-up songs to three fast peaks during the course of the mix. This makes it a great accompaniment for incorporating faster-paced, stamina-building tempo intervals into your run.
Karageorghis research showed that it is ideal for the music to be associated with physical activity, for example through the lyrics or association hence the inclusion of songs such as 1000 Miles An Hour, Our Velocity and a version of The Chain, otherwise known as the BBC Formula One theme tune.
We can't guarantee you'll run as fast as a Grand Prix car, but this mix will help to turbo-charge your training.

Playlist (78minutes)
1.The Zutons - Valerie
2.Good Charlotte - Lifestyles Of The Rich & Famous
3.Editors - Papillon
4.Kasabian - Shoot The Runner
5.Friendly Fires - Jump The Pool
6.The Enemy - Had Enough
7.Anarbor - Let The Games Begin
8.Good Shoes - 1000 Miles An Hour
9.Topanga - The Chain
10.The Futureheads - The Beginning Of The Twist
11.Mayday Parade - When I Get Home Your So Dead
12.Pendulum - Propane Nightmares
13.Maximo Park - Our Velocity
14.All Time Low - Let It Roll
15.Funeral For A Friend - Walk Away
16.Art Brut - Moving To LA
17.Let's Get It - Ciroc & Roll
18.Pigeon Detectives - I'm Not Sorry
19.There For Tomorrow - A Little Faster
20.The Wombats - Kill The Director
21.Go Radio - When Dreaming Gets Drastic
22.Newton Faulkner - Dream Catch Me