Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Slave New World" (a reference to Aldous Huxley's novel Brave New World) is Sepultura's fifth official single, and the second of three to be taken from the album Chaos A.D., released in 1993. The lyrics were co-written by Evan Seinfeld from Sepultura's Roadrunner label-mates Biohazard. Like most of the band's singles, the song is one of the band's best-known songs and remains a concert staple to this day. A music video was filmed for the single which features the band playing on what appears to be a volcano, intercut with footage of severe human conditioning, including branding people with barcodes. This video can be found on the VHS Third World Chaos, which was later released on DVD as part of Chaos DVD.

The song also appears in live form on the band's releases Under A Pale Grey Sky and Live In São Paulo. It also appeared as a live B-side to the "Ratamahatta" single. This same recording was later included on the Blood-Rooted compilation.

The single was released in several forms. There exist 2 CD versions: one three-track maxi-single and a two-track single, the track details of which are listed below. The maxi-single was released in a foldout card digipak case which had two disc trays: one for the CD which came with it, and another to insert the second single into. The second single came in a card slip with the same artwork as the normal CD, but was more reminiscent of a promotional CD. The vinyl version of the single was an orange and blue 10” picture disc, which came in a transparent sleeve so it could be seen.

Chaos A.D. is the fifth studio album by Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura, released in late 1993 through Roadrunner Records. This was the record that helped the group transcend their previous death/thrash style, deepening their forays into hardcore punk, industrial music and Brazilian-styled percussion. It would become one of the founding pillars of the groove metal subgenre. It won silver and gold certifications throughout Europe and the USA.

Sepultura (Portuguese for "grave") is a Brazilian heavy metal band from Belo Horizonte, formed in 1984. The band was a major force in the death metal, thrash metal and ultimately groove metal realms during the late 1980s and early 1990s, with their later experiments melding nu metal, hardcore punk, industrial music and extreme metal.

Sepultura have released eleven studio albums so far, the latest being A-Lex (2009). Their most successful records are Arise (1991), Chaos A.D. (1993), and Roots (1996). Sepultura has sold over 15 million units worldwide, gaining multiple gold and platinum records across the globe, including in countries as diverse as France, Australia, Indonesia, United States, Cyprus and their native Brazil.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/