These are colection of books regarding Natural Science and Technology.
Please leve feedback



Natural Science and Technology
Agriculture
Dry Farming by John Widstoe 
Astronomy
Curiosities of the Sky by Garrett Services 
Great Astronomers by R.S. Ball 
Sidelights on Astronomy by Simon Newcomb (1906) 
Watchers of the Sky by Alfred Noyes 
Biology, Evolution, and Environment
Louis Agassiz 
Louis Agassiz: His Life and Correspondence 
Henry Bates 
The Naturalist on the River Amazons 
Thomas Bett 
The Naturalist in Nicaragua 
Neltje Blanchan 
Bird Neighbors 
Wild Flowers 
John Coulter 
North American Species of Cactus 
Irvin Cobb 
Cobb's Anatomy 
H.W. Conn 
The Story of Germ Life 
Charles Darwin 
Coral Reefs 
The Descent of Man 
The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species 
Effects of Cross and Self-Fertilization in the Vegetable Kingdom 
Expression of Emotion in Man and Animals 
The Formation of Vegetable Mould 
Insectivorous Plants 
Movements and Habits of Climbing Plants 
On the Origin of Species (first edition) 
The Origin of Species by Mean of Natural Selection (sixth edition) 
The Power of Movement in Plants 
South American Geology 
Variation of Plants and Animals Under Domestication 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volcanic Islands 
Voyage of the Beagle 
About Darwin 
The Autobiography of Charles Darwin edited by his son Francis Darwin 
Darwin and Modern Science by A.C. Seward 
Facts and Arguments for Darwin by Fritz Muller, translated by W.S. Dallas 
Life and Letters of Charles Darwin edited by his son Francis Darwin 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
More Letters of Charles Darwin edited by his son Francis Darwin 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Jean Henri Fabre 
Bramble Bees and Others translated by Alexander Teixeira de Mattos 
The Life of the Fly translated by Alexander Teixeira de Mattos 
The Life of the Spider 
The Mason Bees translated by Alexander Teixeira de Mattos 
More Hunting Wasps translated by Alexander Teixeira de Mattos 
The Wonders of Instinct 
About Fabre 
Fabre, Poet of Science by G. -V. Legros, translated by Bernard Miall 
Ernst Haeckel 
The Evolution of Man, a Popular Scientific Study 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
William Hornaday 
The Minds and Manners of Wild Animals 
Thomas H. Huxley 
Science and the Hebrew Tradition (book) 
Essay 1, the Method of Zadig 
Essay 2, the Rise and Progress of Palaeontology 
Essay 3, Lectures on Evolution 
Essay 4, Interpreters of Genesis and Interpreters of Nature 
Essay 5, Mr. Gladstone and Genesis 
Essay 6, the Lights of the Church and the Light of Science 
Essay 7, Hasisdra's Adventure 
Essay 8, the Evolution of Theology: an Anthropological Study 
Autobiography and Selected Essays (book) 
The Circulation of the Blood 
The Conditions of Existence Affecting the Perpetuation of Living Beings 
Coral and Coral Reefs 
A Critical Examination of "On the Origin of Species" 
Criticisms on "The Origin of Species" 
The Darwinian Hypothesis 
Darwiniana, Volume 2 
Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature (book) 
Evolution and Ethics and Other Essays (book) 
Geologic Contemporaneity and Persistent Types of Life 
Lectures and Essays 
Life and Letters of Thomas H. Huxley by Leonard Huxley 
volume 1 
volume 2 
volume 3 
On the Advisableness of Improving Natural Knowledge 
On the Brain 
On the Relations of Man to the Lower Animals (book) 
On Some Fossil Remains of Man 
On the Study of Zoology 
The Origin of Species 
The Origination of Living Beings 
The Past Condition of Organic Nature 
The Perpetuation of Living Beings 
The Present Condition of Organic Nature 
Science and Education 
Time and Life: Mr. Darwin's Origin of Species 
Yeast 
Francis Kermode 
Catalogue of British Birds 
Charles Lyell 
The Antiquity of Man 
Maurice Maeterlinck 
The Life of the Bee, translated by Alfred Sutro 
Joseph McCabe 
The Story of Evolution 
William Osmer 
A Dissertation on Horses 
E.P. Roe 
Success with Small Fruits 
Brillat Savarin 
The Physiology of Taste 
Alexander von Humboldt 
Equinoctial Regions of America 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Alfred Wallace 
The Malay Archipelago 
Volume 1 
Volume 2
General Science
ABC's of Science by Charles Oliver (short) 
History of the Conflict Between Religion and Science by John Draper 
Popular Science Monthly, Volume 86, Oct.-Dec. 1915 
Reflections on the Decline of Science in England by Charles Babbage 
A History of Science by Henry Smith Williams (first four of five volumes) 
Volume 1 
Volume 2 
Volume 3 
Volume 4 
Marvels of Modern Science (1910) by Paul Severing 
Sailing Alone Around the World by Joshua Slocum 
Scientific Papers in Physiology, Medicine, Sugery, Geology (Haravard Classics Volume 38) 
Stories Mother Nature Told Her Children 
Young's Demonstrative Translation of Scientific Secrets by Daniel Young 
Geology and Geography
Around the World on a Bicycle, volume 1, by Thomas Stevens 
The Elements of Geology by W.H. Norton 
South American Geology by Charles Darwin 
The Student's Elements of Geology by Charles Lyell 
Voyage of the Paper Canoe: a geographical journey of 2500 miles from Quebec to the Gulf of Mexico during the years 1874-75 by Nathaniel Bishop 
Medicine
Anomalies and Curiosities of Medicine by George Gould and Walter Pyle 
Appendicitis by John Tilden 
The Evolution of Modern Medicine by William Osler 
Hygienic Physiology by Joel Steele 
Personal Experience of a Physician by John Ellis 
Physics and Electricity
Faraday As A Discoverer, by John Tyndall 
Five of Maxwell's Papers by James Clerk Maxwell 
The Story of Electricity by John Munro 
Technology
Engineers, Inventors, and Industrialists 
The Age of Invention: a Chronicle of Mechanical Conquest by Holland Thompson 
Edison: His Life and Inventions by Frank Lewis Dyer and Thomas Commerford Martin 
Industrial Biography: Iron Workers and and Tool Makers by Samuel Smiles 
Life of Thomas Telford: Civil Engineer by Samuel Smiles 
Men of Invention and Industry by Samuel Smiles 
James Nasmyth: Engineer, an Autobiography edited by Samuel Smiles 
Flight 
Aeroplanes by J.S. Zerbe 
Aeroplanes and Dirigibles in War by Frederick Talbot 
The Aeroplane Speaks by H. Barber 
British Airships: Past, Present, and Future by George Whale 
Dominion of the Air by Rev. J.M. Bacon 
Flying Machines: Construction and Operation by W.J. Jackman and Thomas H. Russell 
History of Aeronautics by E. Charles Vivian 
Mastery of the Air by William J. Claxton 
Machinery, Chemistry, and Manufacturing 
Familiar Letters on Chemistry by John Gardner 
Forty Centuries of Ink: a Chronological Narrative Concerning Ink and its Backgrounds by David Carvalho 
On the Economy of Machinery and Manufacture by Charles Babbage 
Organic Syntheses edited by James Bryant Conant 
The Romance of Rubber by John Martin (short) 
Nuclear 
Atomic Bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by The Manhattan Engineer District 
Project Trinity 1945-46 by Carl Maag and Steve Rohrer 
Worldwide Effects of Nuclear War by the US Arms Control and Disarmament Agency 
Photography 
American Hand Book of the Daguerreotype by Samuel D. Humphrey 
Illustrations: 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
8A 
8B 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
TTL 
History and Practice of the Art of Photography by Henry Snelling 
 
Ships 
The Loss of the SS Titanic by Lawrence Beesley 
The Sinking of the Titanic and Great Sea Distasters by Logan Marshall 
Telegraph, Telephone, and Radio 
Heroes of the Telegraph by J. Munro 
The History of the Telephone by Herbert Casson 
The Radio Amateur's Hand Book by A. Frederick Collims (html document, with illustrations) 

-----------------------------------------------------------------