Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Get Me Bodied" is a song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Sean Garrett, Solange Knowles, Angela Beyince, Makeba Riddick, and Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean. The track was produced by Swizz Beatz, Beyoncé and Sean Garrett, for Beyoncé's second solo studio album, B'Day. She took inspiration from her sister-singer Solange and former Destiny's Child band-mates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams during the writing process.

The single was released as the album's eighth and final single for the United States on July 10, 2007. "Get Me Bodied" reached number sixty-eight on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the album's lowest charting U.S.-released single. The song was positively received by contemporary critics. "Get Me Bodied" was nominated by VH1 Soul VIBE Awards Special for Video of the Year. The single's accompanying music video features visual elements and choreography inspired by The Frug from Bob Fosse's film adaptation of the Broadway musical Sweet Charity; the video features Solange, Rowland and Williams.

"Get Me Bodied" was one of the videos shot during the two-week filming for B'Day Anthology Video Album. The music video was conceptualized by Beyoncé and co-directed by Anthony Mandler. The version used in the video is the extended mix on the Deluxe Edition of B'Day. The shooting went for two days and choreographed by Rhapsody, Todd Sams, Clifford McGhee and Bethany Strong. For the shoot, Beyoncé asked former Destiny's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, and sister Solange to appear alongside her in the video. Beyoncé said that it "sets the tone of the video".

Beyoncé's mother and stylist, Tina Knowles created over sixty outfits for Beyoncé and the fifty extras features in the video. The "instructional" dance-oriented video is inspired by the '60s choreographies. Beyoncé cites influences from the legendary Broadway director-choreographer Bob Fosse, Southern and Jamaican movement and the Frug from the musical Sweet Charity. She said, "It tells you how to do all the dances — it's modern, it's retro, it's vintage, it's stylized, it's all of those things put together." The story moves from a tony party reminiscent of the Jazz Age, followed with dance sequences.

A re-edit of the video was produced for the Timbaland remix featuring Voltio. Although Voltio does not actually appear in the video, unused footages of the original video were replaced during his parts, instead. The re-edited video was posted on the MTV Overdrive on July 26, 2007 and is available on iTunes. The video is also included on the DVD for Irreemplazable.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

