Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"When It's Over" was a song released by the rock band Loverboy  from their album Get Lucky in 1981. Relying heavily on synthesizers, the song became a minor hit for the band when released as a single the following year, reaching #26 on the charts.

Get Lucky is the second album released by the rock band Loverboy  in 1981. The album reached number 7 on the Billboard 200 album chart, remaining on the chart for over two years, and has sold over 4 million copies in the United States. It featured the hit singles, "Working for the Weekend", "When It's Over", "Lucky Ones", "Gangs In the Street", and "Take Me to the Top".

The album was re-released as a digitally remastered CD in July 2006 to commemorate the 25th anniversary of its original release. The remastered album featured 4 bonus track, all of which are previously unreleased demo versions of previously released songs.

The mysterious person wearing the red leather pants for the album cover was lead singer Mike Reno.

Loverboy is a Canadian rock  group formed in 1980 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Throughout the 1980s, the band accumulated numerous hit songs in Canada and the United States, earning four multi-platinum albums and selling millions of records. After being rejected by many American record labels they signed with Columbia/CBS Records Canada and began recording their first album March 20, 1980 with Mike Reno on lead vocals, Paul Dean as the guitarist, Scott Smith as the bassist, Doug Johnson on keyboards and Matt Frenette on drums. The band's hit singles, particularly "Turn Me Loose" and "Working for the Weekend", have become arena rock staples and are still heard on many classic rock radio stations across the United States and Canada. They are currently based in Vancouver, British Columbia.

The band got its start in Calgary, Alberta, Canada  when Mike Reno (formerly of the band Moxy) was introduced to Paul Dean (formerly of the band Streetheart) at the Refinery Night Club. Dean was rehearsing a new band in a warehouse with a friend of Reno's and Mike had stopped by to jam. Over the next few weeks Reno and Dean wrote songs together on guitar and drums. Meanwhile, Doug Johnson, who was working with another band at the time, joined the band and Loverboy was born.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

