Auto Hide IP 4.6.6.8 

 

Auto Hide IP allows you to surf anonymously, change your IP address, prevent identity theft, and guard against hacker intrusions, all with the click of a button.

Did you know your IP address is exposed every time you visit a website? Your IP address is your online identity and could be used by hackers to break into your computer, steal personal information, or commit other crimes against you. Auto Hide IP allows you to surf anonymously, change your IP address, prevent identity theft, and guard against hacker intrusions, all with the click of a button.

Auto Hide IP is privacy-protection software which enables you to conceal your real IP address, surf anonymously, and automatically change your IP address every few minutes.

With it, you can select fake IP from different countries via “Choose IP Country” option and can Check IP directly. Using it, you are able to conceal your identity online by showing them a fake IP, blocking hackers and prying eyes from knowing your true location or identity. You can also choose “Launch on Startup” and then it will run and load a fake IP automatically when you log on to Windows. Besides, you can easily switch between fake IP and real IP by simply clicking a button of Hide IP or Stop Hide.

      

Auto Hide IP works with Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Maxthon, MyIE and is compatible with all types of routers, firewalls, home networks, wireless networks and any other kind of Internet.

Anonymous Web Surfing
Prevent others from seeing your true IP when browsing the Internet. Change your IP frequently with the click of a button!

Protect Your Identity
Identity thieves can use your IP address to monitor your web activity and intercept your private financial information. Criminals, hackers, and even the government can trace your exact location right down to your street address.

Choose IP Country
You can also select fake IP from different countries via “Choose IP Country” option and can Check IP directly.

Send Anonymous E-mails
Prevent your real IP address from being shown in E-mail headers on any Webmail E-mail service such as Yahoo, Hotmail, or Gmail. It is very easy for anyone to find your geographic area you send E-mail from using free publicly available IP lookup tools.

Un-ban Yourself From Forums and Message Boards
Have you been banned from a forum or message board? No problem! Use Auto Hide IP to change your IP allowing you to access any website that has banned you such as eBay, Craigslist, and many browser-based games

