Release Date  :  22/08/2010                Protection  :  Nothing
Release Type  :  RIP 26x5.00MB             Company     :  Blind Mind Studios

Release Notes:

Ever wanted to rule the galaxy? Now's your chance!

Take command of a vast interstellar empire and safeguard your species
from total extinction. Prove your species' ingenuity through a deep
and intricate combat system where anything (from individual components
on ships to the stars themselves) is a target of opportunity.

Utilize your silver tongue to twist other Empires into submitting
under your galaxy-class wit with a complex and full-featured diplomacy
system or wheel-and-deal your way to supremacy.

Research deadly new weapons, new engines, shields, and more with a
research web whose contents are shuffled with every game.

Explore vast interstellar phenomenae such as black holes and asteroid
belts and exploit them for yourself or destroy them to deny your foes.

Match your wits with up to 10 online or LAN-linked opponents, save the
game when dawn breaks, and boot it back up at dusk. It isn't over
until you say it is!

Mod the game to suit your playstyle! Your weapons, your ships, your
rules. Almost the entire game can be modified entirely through an
editor as simple as notepad. Easily add new models and particle
effects to the game with a robust set of out-of-the-box developer tools.

Vast, Procedurally Generated Galaxies: Choose however many systems
you desire - limited only by the speed of your CPU. Rich, diverse
planets whose type, size, number of moons and other characteristics
vary makes every game unique.

Intricate Ship Design and Exciting Combat: Massive ship battles
fought in real-time with particle effects and directional damage with
full simulated Newtonian physics. Individual ship components can be
compromised, destroyed, disabled, repaired and renovated.

Unique Research System: Explore a web-like research system with
unexpected discovereies around every turn. Choose between a
structured, static web or a highly varied web each game.

Easy to Use Interface; Complex Gameplay: Govern your planets with a
simple, yet powerful interface to customize the behavior of your
worlds. Customize the GUI via scripting to add new windows or change
existing interface behavior.

Engaging AI Opponents: Choosen from various levels of difficulty,
with optional 'cheating' AIs. AIs will adapt their ship designs and
strategies to counter yours.

Extensive Modding Support: Modify data files and scripts in any
editor. Use developer tools to create particle effects and configure
imported models. Smart use of AngelScript allows users to create
entirely new game modes, gameplay and online experiences.

Multiplayer: Co-Op, Team and Free-For-All: Play with as many
competitors as your server can manage, with drop-in-drop-out
compatibility over LAN or Internet. Multiplayer games can be saved,
played in single-player, and then brought back into multiplayer.

Original Soundtrack by Artem Bank.

RIPPED: Nothing

Install Notes:

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Install by running unl-stru.exe
3. Start game with StarRuler.exe
4. Enjoy!

Important:

Run the included vcredist_x86.exe and oalinst.exe, if you don't have
them  installed. Game needs them to run!

Remember to support quality games!