Virtua Tennis & Tennis 2k2 for the Sega Dreamcast                  Rel. 2000 & 2001


Format:	       CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	       English
Discs:         2
Image:         CDI
Gener.:        Sports Tennis
Selfboot:      Yes
Requirements:  Dreamcast Console, or DC Emulator.


Compressed with 7Zip, Both Games were tested and work. 


Important: Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't allow
           utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to be on the 
           safe side try to use a console manufactured before october 2000.  You
           can find the manufacture date on the bottom of the console on the     
           sticker in fine print just look for it. Of course the only way to know
           is to just try it on your dreamcast.



Game Description Virtua Tennis:

Imagine how a tennis player feels when he enters the arena, the crowd is cheering, the atmosphere electric, the adrenalin rushes...

Well now you can with Virtua tennis, the most lifelike and playable tennis game ever! Play as one of eight licensed players and uncover the secret stars. As well as the traditional arcade mode you can play in the exhibition mode, with 4 player action via doubles play.

Once you've mastered those modes take on the world in the world circuit mode, with unique training games, different challenges and shops to buy clothing, equipment, stages and playing partners. 

Virtua Tennis, so realistic you can almost taste the strawberries and cream.


Game Description Tennis 2k2:

Sequel to the original game which was released two years prior.

The games graphics have been improved, and there is a greater roster of players to choose from. The most noteworthy addition is that of female players, such as Monica Seles and Venus and Serena Williams. You cannot however play as a male against a female.

The gameplay is a lot faster than the original. The players you control move a lot faster, as do the AI computer players. Less diving, but more getting at shots that go behind you and over the shoulder shots.

The game modes from the original are the same, featuring tournament mode, where you play against the pros; exhibition mode for a one-on-one, best-out-of-three game; and world tour mode which now features the option of creating and customizing your own player. Build you player up, buy equipment and hire pros to play in doubles matches with you.


Game Pics included.


Burn with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

In Options enable overburn disc in Alcohol or DiscJuggler. 
(Do this for all DC games)

Set Write Method To Raw/Dao and burn at 4x Speed for Alcohol 120%.

If you wanna burn using DiscJuggler Set Burn settings to Raw Write Mode 2 2352 
CD-DA or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write and burn at 4x Speed.


Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		