Arthur Oglesby was once described as one of the finest fly fishermen in Europe. He was also a distinguished 

filmmaker on angling, a regular contributor to the angling press and author of the comprehensive book on 

salmon fishing \"Salmon\".

\"Fly Fishing\" Volume 1 is an introduction to many of the locations, tactics and techniques demonstrated 

throughout the series but begins with a look at some of the basic facts behind the art of fly fishing; knowing 

how to cast; knowing about water; knowing how to find the fish and knowing what fly to use.

The Wet Fly - The River Nidd
Arthur Oglesby talks about fishing for trout early in the season and demonstrates how to cover a pool from a 

fixed position.

Nymph Fishing - Driffield Beck
On this well known Yorkshire chalk stream Arthur explains the techniques of nymph fishing and the \"induced 

take\".

Stillwater Bank Fishing - Avington
At Avington Arthur fishes with Bob Church, one ofbest-known Stillwater specialists. Here they 

discuss the different tactics used on small still waters.

The Dry Fly - River Test
Celebrated angler Barrie Welham joins Arthur on the famous River Test at the height of the mayfly season to 

demonstrate the art of dry fly fishing.

Casting Techniques.
For many years Arthur Oglesby ran his famous angling courses at Grantown-on-Spey. Here he demonstrates his 

casting techniques with a single-handed rod, including the use of the left hand with an Overhead Cast, the 

Side Cast, the Roll Cast and the Double Spey Cast.




\"Fly Fishing\" Volume 2 offers the chance to learn by observation, watching experienced anglers like Arthur 

Oglesby and his guests catch fish on some of the finest waters in

The Hatchery - Avington
Arthur Oglesby and Bob Church look at trout that have been reared specifically for Stillwater fisheries.

Boat Fishing - Rutland Water
Arthur and Bob demonstrate two popular methods of boat fishing and discuss the clues to look for in locating 

fish on large Stillwaters.

Competitive Fly Fishing - Grafham Water
A look at a heat in a major fishing competition.

Grayling - River Eamont
This is rare footage of R.V Reghyni, an angler, writer and a keen fisherman all his life. He was recognised as 

an authority both on salmon and grayling and is reported to have caught grayling in 107rivers. Here 

he demonstrates the traditional technique of trotting for grayling...

Spring Salmon - River Spey
The life cycle of the Salmon. Arthur explains his methods of spinning for salmon and renowned broadcaster and 

fisherman Hugh Falkus is seen on this famous river catching a spring salmon.

Autumn Salmon - The Tweed
Arthur shows us how to fish for salmon from a boat and then on a misty autumn day catches his largest ever UK 

salmon weighing 27 1/2pounds.

Casting Techiques
Arthur demonstrates casting techniques with a double-handed salmon rod, including the basic Overhead Cast, the 

Roll Cast, the Single Handed Spey Cast and the Double Spey Cast.







Fishing from the bank on a small Somerset Stillwater. The sun is shining, there is little ripple and no 

feeding fish are showing. Our local experts battle with these nasty conditions as they explain their varying 

tactics to turn a most unpromising day into a real success.

Jeremy Lucas and Chris Ogborne fish from a boat at Bewl Water in a bitter northeast wind and brilliant sun. 

Jeremy Lucas works a floating line to tempt fish to the surface while Chris Ogborne yet again shows his 

mastery of the intermediate line and very light tackle.

The 1987 world champion Brian Leadbetter and the well-known angler Bob Church fish the mighty Grafham Water. 

Fish are hard to come by as these anglers search the depths with a variety of lines and flies. Bob Church 

proves his great versatility as he switches to the mysterious Northampton style and starts to catch fish.

We visit Rutland Water during the international final of the Benson & Hedges Championship. Under great 

pressure, the top anglers in the country fish for the most prestigious prize in competitive fly fishing.

Chew Valley Lake, that jewel of water in the Mendips may be full of fish, but they can be very choosey on 

certain days. John Braithewaite and Chris Ogborne, both former captains of England show how to tackle really 

finicky fish. We see them follow and even boil at the fly, but hooking them is something else.

Arthur Oglesby fishes the wild loughs of Southern Ireland for salmon and sea trout. Tempting these migratory 

fish when conditions are not perfect has always been one of the great frustrations of angling. Arthur Oglesby 

uses his vast experience to prove that it can be done, and Jeremy Lucas shows the locals howreservoir 

techniques can catch sea trout when all the traditional methods have failed.

This DVD provides a fascinating insight into Stillwater angling and the personalities that have developed many 

of the techniques that have made them so successful.




Original titleBenson & Hedges Fly Fishing - The Definitive Guide Vol. 1-2-3 VHS release 1998
Released on dvd in 2005 where I ripped these from, the original image quality ain\'t the best hence the larger 
size rip but despite being a little old they hold quite a bit of good information.
Enjoy 