In 1937, during the most nervously repressive period in the reign of the Brazilian dictator Getulio Vargas, Joaquim and Sebastião Naves, two brothers of the small city of Araguari, in south-central Brazil, were accused of murdering a business partner and stealing from him a considerable sum of money. This was not exactly a political crime, but the Government wanted a show of efficiency and a conviction; and under the direction of a relentless police lieutenant, confessions were extracted from the Naves brothers—by torture.

Although the brothers renounced their confessions in court, although they were ably defended by a courageous lawyer, and although neither a corpse nor the money was ever discovered, a conviction was obtained—after three trials—and the Naves brothers were sentenced to 25 years in jail. Much later the supposed murder victim turned up alive. The brothers were released—paroled, not acquitted. In 1960 their conviction was reversed, and the one surviving brother received a little money in restitution.

"The Case of the Naves Brothers," which Luiz Sergio Person made in 1967 is not a documentary. But based as it is on journalistic accounts of the case and deriving much of its dialogue from court records, it has the feel of documentary — or, more accurately, the feel of a documented history drained of any random emotion. But where it departs from documented history, in its scenes of prison torture, the film achieves an intensity that is almost sensuous in its portrayal of physical terror. Indeed, Person seems to want to oppose the painful fluidity of the torture scenes to the awkward dead-pan matter-of-factness of everything else.

And yet it is everything else that makes the success of "The Case of the Naves Brothers." It is not a complete successs. On a technical level the film seems all but primitive; there is no performance to praise except that of Anselmo Duarte as the surprisingly open-faced gentle looking police lieutenant; the two brothers hardly exist as personalities, receding into a kind of anonymous celebrity behind the facts and charges that constitute their case.

But the movie has an air of understated authenticity that builds throughout the long and quite exciting trial and that depends less upon the rhetoric of courtroom drama than upon the intricacies of courtroom power. To this extent, "The Case of the Naves Brothers" is a political film—not a film of partisan politics, but a film that manages on rather honorable terms to fashion a dramatic image out of political reality.

Luiz Sergio Person is a native of the temperate city of São Paulo, and this background helps explain why his work is more reserved, more intellectual, than most of the generally impassioned Brazilian Cinema Nuovo. If this is true, Person is a credit to his city and its traditions.

   General
      Complete name : Irmaos Naves.avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 1.12 GiB
      Duration : 1h 32mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 728 Kbps
      Writing application : FairUse Wizard - http://fairusewizard.com
      Writing library : The best and REALLY easy backup tool
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : AdvancedSimple@L5
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (MPEG)
      Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 1h 32mn
      Bit rate : 1 526 Kbps
      Width : 608 pixels
      Height : 368 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 1.652
      Frame rate : 23.976 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.284
      Stream size : 1 011 MiB (88%)
      Writing library : XviD 1.2.0.dev47 (UTC 2006-11-01)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : AC-3
      Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
      Codec ID : 2000
      Duration : 1h 32mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 192 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Channel positions : L R
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Stream size : 127 MiB (11%)
      Alignment : Split accross interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 42 ms (1.00 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms

IMDB: tt0139927

Portuguese audio; English and Spanish subpack

My rip of the recently launched Brazilian DVD

L.S.Person - O Caso dos Irmaos Naves (1967) 


