Candlebox - Candlebox (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 /14 files 

Category Rock, Pop, Heavy Metal, Alternative, Rock/Pop, Grunge 
Label Maverick 
Orig Year 1993 
All Time Sales Rank 2403 
CD Universe Part number 1101200 
Catalog number 45313 
Discs 1 
Release Date Jul 20, 1993 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Engineer Jon Plum; Kelly Gray 
Recording Time 53 minutes 
Personnel Kevin Martin - vocals 
Scott Mercado - drums 
Peter Klett - guitar 
Bardi Martin - bass 

1. Don't You 
2. Change 
3. You 
4. No Sense 
5. Far Behind 
6. Blossom 
7. Arrow 
8. Rain 
9. Mother's Dream 
10. Cover Me 
11. He Calls Home 

The first rock band signed to Madonna's Maverick label, Candlebox have handsomely paid off the distinction by selling a few million copies of their self-titled debut while clocking in over a year on the Billboard Album Chart. Although Candlebox ... Full Descriptionhail from Seattle, their style is not as dour or dirty-sounding as their grunge brethren. Musically, they straddle the gap between the glam metal of the late '80s and the Pacific Northwest sound that came roaring to the top of the charts in the early '90s. Kevin Martin's singing has a rasp that lends itself well to the minimal angst that permeates these songs, whether it's the desperation that comes with seeing a loved one slide into an abyss of drug addiction in "You" or the prequel of initial abandonment that is "Far Behind." 

Contrasting these low-key numbers are rockers like "Arrow" and "Don't You" that howl with Peter Klett's aggressive leads. There are even mellower pastiches of jazz ("No Sense") and low-key blues ("Rain") showing Candlebox to be a band ignoring the conservative parameters of hard rock. 

Atypical of the modern rock climate, Candlebox represents a long untapped corner of Seattle's music scene, and has found success on its own terms--without the benefit of flannel. 
All songs written or co-written by Candlebox. 
 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce  
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce  
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
