AVG internet security 9.0 819

Why so small?? Well it's a download manager in al languages!! 
So you always have the latest version, and it's a small torrent!!


 AVG Internet Security 9.0
Complete protection for everything you do

We know when you go online you want to be able to surf, search, download, bank, and shop safely. With AVG Internet Security, our most advanced protection, you get a worry-free online experience every time. Internet Security’s multiple layers of protection mean you don’t have to worry about identity theft, spam or viruses. And it’ll even prevent you from accidentally visiting harmful sites.

It’s faster, smarter security that won’t slow your computer down.

Safely bank and shop online without fear of identity theft thanks to AVG’s new Identity Protection technology

Surf, and search with confidence, with LinkScanner® checking web pages at the only time that matters – right before you click that link
Identity protection  - up-to-the-minute banking and shopping protection
AVG Identity Protection enhances your current anti-virus software by shielding your passwords, credit card numbers, and all other private information from prying eyes.
Online Shield	Online Shield - safe social networking, chatting and downloading
Online Shield allows you to download and exchange files without risk of virus infection, including files downloaded using ICQ, MSN and Yahoo! instant messengers.
Antispam filter	Anti-spam - safe, uncluttered e-mail
Our AVG Anti-Spam feature adopts a regularly updated database for detecting all forms of spam.
Antivirus with Anti-spyware	Anti-virus and anti-spyware - safe computer
Our Anti-Virus and Anti-Spyware technology protects you from falling victim to or unwittingly spreading a virus, worm, or Trojan horse. It also prevents the unauthorized access of information from both spyware and adware.
Firewall	Enhanced firewall - block hackers
Our Enhanced Firewall ensures you against unwanted visitors trying to access your computer. 



Don't HIT AND RUN!!! Keep the GOOD torrents alive, and SEED!!

And you know...what dutchsjon upload is easy....but it works!!