DVDFAB Platinum v8.0.4.0 final
 
http://i71.photobucket.com/albums/i122/Slickinator2006/dvdfab8.jpg

This is an AIO loader just double click and use clickable buttons.

DVDFab DVD Copy is popular worldwide and known for its power and flexibility. You can copy a DVD with just a click or two, or use DVD Copy's many settings to customize the ouput. Burn it to a blank DVD or write the output to a folder or image file on your hard drive or media server, compress content to fit on smaller discs, the choice is yours!

Blu-ray Copy8.0.4.0aka Blu-ray to Blu-ray
DVDFab Blu-ray Copy leads the industry in features and options. Remove all known Blu-ray protections, with lightning fast protection updates from our 24/7 server. Copy Blu-ray to blank discs or your PC hard drive, compress them to fit on BD-25 media or even DVD9 or DVD5 discs, all in high definition!

DVDFab Video Converter is the most full-featured and powerful Video Converter which can read almost all the popular video formats from Internet, digital camcorders, capture cards, etc., and convert video on your PC to various video/audio formats playable on various multimedia devices, with outstanding quality and very fast speed (newest NVIDIA CUDA, multi-core CPUs and batch conversion supported). It also provides multiple professional settings and options for you to edit according to your specific needs to create a fantastic output.

    * Support all popular video/audio formats
    * Support HD video
    * Support almost all multimedia devices
DVD Ripper8.0.4.0
aka DVD to Mobile

Search the world and you won't find a faster, more powerful tool for ripping DVD content than DVDFab DVD Ripper. It comes with setup profiles for more than 50 devices from cellphone and iPad to popular game platforms like PS3 and Xbox, even YouTube videos. Resolution, bitrate for audio and video, cropping and aspect ratio are easy to control, and fast!

Blu-ray Ripper8.0.4.0
aka Blu-ray to Mobile

This versatile tool can rip and convert Blu-ray discs to files that will play on many portable video devices, media players and next generation consoles. Like DVD Ripper, it comes with setup profiles for many devices and generic ones that will work for many more. Enjoy your Blu-ray movies in your ways!

Installation Info:
1)run setup and don't start 
2)run the patch
3)once you start program click on the green checkmark at the top right and then on left
click general tab on right uncheck (check for newversions automaticly) click ok 
4)enjoy from Slickinator
