"Under the Umbrella Tree" is a show that was once considered unlikely to ever make it to DVD. Thanks a to a small Canada-based production/distribution company called Cinerio Entertainment, though, many of the episodes are now for sale on a series of single-disc, separately-sold DVDs. Each volume is produced with the utmost care and new interstitials starring the original puppets (and their original voices) -- only made to look a little older for purposes of retrospection -- have been filmed to introduce each new episode. For such a long-forgotten preschool production, that's a pretty exceptional effort and a very nice touch. The DVDs are available only at CinerioEntertainment.com and currently carry a retail price of $14.95 each. The episodes assembled for Volume 3, the subject of this review, make for a particularly strong lot and come highly recommended. A closer look at those episodes is provided below. 

Volume 3 episodes:
  

"To the Dentist" (1989) (15:20) 

Upon learning that he's due for a dentist appointment, Iggy becomes gripped by fear. Holly, Jacob, and Gloria decide to stage a mock dentist visit to help ease his fears. 

"Migration Party" (1989) (15:17)  

It's Jacob's turn to host the bird migration party, in which hundreds upon hundreds of birds will stop by the home for refreshments and a rest. Needless to say, Holly is more than a little apprehensive about the arriving guests. 

"Jacob's Girlfriends" (1989) (15:16) 

Jacob juggles different dates in an attempt to find the best dancing partner for an upcoming competition, showing little regard for the girls' feelings. 

"Going Bananas" (1988) (15:16) 

Gloria is torn when she gets invited to a costume party but Jacob, Iggy, and Holly do not. 

"Stargazing" (1989) (15:15) 

In an especially mellow episode, the gang gets access to a telescope and go out on the porch for a night of singing and stargazing. 


***I WILL SEED DURING NIGHTS (GMT-4) AND PART OF DAY! SEED AND SHOW THESE TO YOUR KIDS!