I Am Legend - BBC Radio 2007


Downloaded from the audio torrent site radioarchive.cc - Registration is FREE!!

Richard Matheson's 1954 cult classic pits the last living man on Earth against hordes of plague-infected vampires...

A BBC Radio Audiobook of the novel by Richard Matheson - nine episodes of approx 30 minutes each in high quality MP3.

This story has so far thrice been adapted onto film - In 1964 Vincent Price starred as Dr. Robert Morgan in 'The Last Man on Earth' and in 1971 Charlton Heston appeared in a far different version as 'The Omega Man' and finally Will Smith starred in the 2007 Hollywood version which had much success though was butchered terribly from the original as presented here.



Episode 1:
In the then-future of 1976-1979 Robert Neville is apparently the only survivor of an apocalypse caused by a pandemic of a bacterium the symptoms of which are very similar to vampirism.

Episode 2:
On a pilgrimage to his wife's tomb, Robert Neville discovers that vampires have been using it as a lair.

Episode 3:
Driven to distraction by memories, Neville has decided that scientific investigation is his only weapon against the plague.

Episode 4:
After several false starts, Neville resolves to take a more rigorous approach to his search for the plague's origins.

Episode 5:
Buoyed by his success in isolating the germ, Neville believes he must be close to a cure - but he's about to be distracted.

Episode 6:
Crushed by the death of the dog and no closer to a scientific breakthrough, Neville decides to look for answers in the past.

Episode 7:
The discovery of another living human leaves Neville shocked and deeply suspicious. Is Ruth all that she seems?

Episode 8:
Neville harbours doubts that Ruth is free from the plague and begins to regret the information he has shared with her.

Episode 9:
Despite learning that the new society is preparing to attack him, Neville refuses to leave the sanctuary of his house.


Type : mpeg 1 layer III
Bitrate : 128
Mode : joint stereo
Frequency : 44100 Hz
Encoder : Lame 3.95
Size: 62 MB