Landclass- The raison d'etre for the VLC project was the Landclass....but this just isn't any old landclass! Where other landclass products are limited to an accuracy of over 1 kilometre, our innovative Vector Land Class system is accurate to within about 50m, or 20 times the accuracy of traditional methods! Beaches (Black or tan sand), Mud, Golf courses, Mangroves, Quarries and Landfills, Native bush, Scattered scrub, Thick scrub, Pine forest, Harvested pine forest, Other plantation forest (including major shelter-belts), Rock, Moraine and Shingle, Horse tracks, Ice and Snow, Vineyards and Orchards as well as Urban, Suburban and High Rise areas all meticulously displayed in FSX. Not only that but we separate productive land into different textures based on slope and type and include the thousands of small rural airstrips scattered around the country.

 

Ground and autogen textures- To really bring out the best in the underlying VLC data, we replace key ground texture sets lovingly created from New Zealand sourced aerial ortho-photography including plantation pine, plantation pine cutover and New Zealand native bush. We further tweak these textures with updated autogen placement files and and autogen textures made from photos of good ol' New Zealand native bush.

 

Roads, Rails, Tracks and Freeways- We sourced the best replacement transport vectors such as roads, railways and freeways...but then didn't stop there!. These have all been edited significantly to work within FSX as well as adding new roads/subdivisions and tracks (including tramping tracks). These have been correctly classed (so a dirt road will appear as a dirt road unlike default FSX data) and railways have been updated (for example, removing rail tunnels from the raw data). They have also been split into two separate groups in order to customise your FSX experience- Want to see more autogen buildings and vegetation in urban areas? Simply turn off urban roads within the VLC Scenery configuration tool. Want the best accuracy for VFR flying? Leave the urban roads turned on and follow them all the way to your front door!

 

Night Lighting effects- Using GIS technology, we have placed two classes of light effects along major roads- Very bright lights along major highways, and smaller lights along major urban roads. These lights will turn on at dusk and burn through the night until dawn. The number of lights is scalable in two ways: Using the VLC Scenery Configuration Tool to decide which lights you want to see (All, Freeway Only or none) and then using the FSX scenery density slider (Note: Lights are known to be heavy on frame rates)

 

Ocean, Lakes, Ponds, Rivers, Canals, Streams-  The coastal environment is very important for New Zealanders (both the general public and pilots alike) and so a lot of time was spent upgrading this area- All water features have been upgraded (including nearly 3/4s of a million streams!) to ensure the utmost accuracy. The coastline has been correctly classified depending on the geomorphological environment: Surf beaches will appear sandy and have breaking waves whereas as sheltered inlets will appear calm with narrow beaches.

 

Other Objects- As well as the Landclass data representing the natural environment, VLC provides placement of man made features including tramping huts and antenna with more to be added. We also include a type of building which are found in no other country in the world: Marae. Some of these objects are simply placed from the default library, some of them are custom built for VLC, but all are in their actual locations around New Zealand.

 

VLC also provides another set of files which work in the background to enhance the virtual environment:

Water class files- These are separate to the actual water boundaries and ensure water bodies, such as lakes, rivers and ocean are accurately coloured. In terms of appearance, a shallow muddy lake is very different to a deep fjord.

 

Season class files- Flight Simulator is fairly unique in its ability to depict all seasons. These files control that and effect changes to the ground textures and autogen files. In VLC these have been expertly crafted in GIS software to accurately depict changes actual season as well as elevation depending on the time of year




Population Density files- A new feature to FSX is the population density layer which controls the volume of traffic on freeways and boats on lakes. These have been tweaked for New Zealand so that the density of traffic on our Motorways is more realistic (i.e. lower but more consistent). This also has the beneficial side effect of improving frame rates with the road traffic sliders up high and works with the upgraded roads to add traffic to New Zealand's main routes.

 

This addon sourced the highest fidelity New Zealand data available, enhanced it further with many man hours of GIS work and then compiled it maintaining as much accuracy as possible- The result is a package which aims to be the most accurate and useful New Zealand wide scenery addon for FSX, providing a common base for addon airport development and showcasing the beauty and diversity of New Zealand.
 
http://www.vectorlandclass.co.nz/