Dark Remains is raised in 1998 by Frank, André (Warmaster, ex-Mourning, ex-Eternal Solstice) and Ramon (Eternal Solstice), who is, shortly after, replaced by Saidi. The line-up is completed after Rogier was found, who added proper and impressive death metal vocals.

After several live-gigs, it was time for Dark Remains’ first feat: “Death Manifestation”, released by the Cleansweep Productions label. This album clearly represents the style of Dark Remains; straightforward old school death metal, nothing more, nothing less.

The band’s product is inspired by bands like Immolation, (slower) Cannibal Corpse, Incantation and Autopsy. After “Death Manifestation” a bassplayer Rik (Warmaster) is added, and Bob (Ordo Draconis) replaces Saidi on guitar.

After a short break, intentions for a second album lead to a deal with Burning Misery Records. “Planet Earth Scourged” is Bob’s and Rogier’s last contribution to the band. The latter is replaced by Erwin, a dedicated grunter from the local metalscene.

In the meanwhile, Dark Remains is featured on the compilation album “Blown to Pieces Vol. 4”.

After a satisfactory series of shows, Rik is replaced by Alex (Warmaster), who brings along Cliff as a second guitarist. In this line-up, Dark Remains records their third album, entitled “A Construct to Obliterate”, during the start of 2009, a little over 10 years after the band began. This album is released by the Dutch Metal Records-label.

This latest album provides the listener with solid and diverse old school death metal. Slow as well as fast riffs can be heard, accompanied by raw and penetrating vocals. In the current line-up, the band is totally ready to destroy any stage with their no nonsense death metal!


Current line-up 
Erwin van Veldhoven - Vocals (Sucamus, Debauchery (Hol))
Frank Kooiman (Warmaster) - Guitar
André van der Ree - Drums (Eternal Solstice, Mourning (Hol), Arcane (Hol), Warmaster)
Alex Schlüter - Bass (Batter, Warmaster, Mentation)
Cliff Schlüter - Guitar (Mentation) 

Genre = Death Metal
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = Vbr

Track Listing
1. Blood Revolution 
2. Symbols of Subsidence 
3. Fool's March 
4. Harassed By Existence  
5. Hatred's Glory  
6. Banned to the Sheol 
7. Click of Death  
8. Demon's Dance