Tried & Tested Both Prog and Crack work a treat enjoy :)

Release: TuneUp Utilities 2010 v9.0.4300.7 (c) 2010 TuneUp Software GmbH
Date: 06/22/2010

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ
Release Type: Registration/Serial Crack, Server Check Crack, Precracked, RegFile
RELEASE NOTES

Optimize Windows With TuneUp Utilities 2010!

Improve Windows PC Performance with more than 22 intelligent
time-saving tools. Easily customize your computer regardless of
your skill level

Features Overview:

Maintain system
Keep your PC in top shape: With only one click, you maintain
your computer and provide more stability

Increase performance
Get the maximum from your PC and experience top speed for your
work and games

Fix problems
As easy as pie: Solve Windows problems quickly, easily, and
reliably or restore deleted files

Customize Windows
Give your Windows a new look: cool new boot screens, icons, and
animations free for downloading

NEW! Turbo Mode
Disable unneeded processes and concentrate all the PC
processing power on your active program!

NEW! Live Optimization
Accelerate the startup and response times of your programs
for optimal PC performance!

For More Information On TuneUp Utilities 2010 Visit: 
http://www.tune-up.com/products/tuneup-utilities/
TE Release Filename: ttu9437x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install TU2010TrialEN-US.exe. Copy contents of the Crack folder
to the installed folder of TuneUp Utilities 2010, making sure to
overwrite the existing files. Next import Registration.reg into
your registry by double clicking the file

*OPTIONAL*:

Use any registration info to register the program and not use the
Registration.reg file. This is done from the About tab. TuneUp
Utilities 2010 is now fully registered! Enjoy a non-blacklisting
version, use a serial without our crack and you will get
blacklisted eventually

NOTE:

This will work fine with the GB installer and the build number
will be lower from that setup, but its the exact same version
4300. Only the build can change (build 10 is for GB and not 7
like the US version is)

Thats it! Enjoy