 Return to Mysterious Island 2,  the  sequel  to  adventure
 game Return to Mysterious Island  released  in  2005,  and
 inspired from Jules Verne's novel The  Mysterious  Island,      
 offers the player an  experience  comparable  to  that  of
 Robinson Crusoe or one of Verne's characters. But in  this
 new installment, survival is not all! The player will also
 have to save the island from  an  environmental  disaster.
 The scenario enhances ecological issues that were  already
 shared by Jules Verne  and  that  no  one  ever  questions 
 today. Return to Mysterious Island 2 begins with the crash  
 of the helicopter that came to rescue Mina.  She  survived  
 but is once again trapped on the island. All of a  sudden,  
 under her very  eyes,  an  unknown  disease  afflicts  the  
 plants first, then the  animal  life.  Mina  explores  the  
 island  to  locate  the  infection  source.  She  searches  
 Captain Nemo's base in vain, then the ruins of an  unknown  
 civilization, and finally understands that it  is  outside  
 pollution that threatens the island. The only way to  save  
 this natural wonder is to turn the shield back on. But  if  
 Mina makes this decision, she gives up  -as  Captain  Nemo  
 did before her- the idea of returning to civilization..   



Return to Mysterious Island 2 offers the player an experience comparable to that of Robinson Crusoe or one of Verne's characters. But in this new installment, survival is not all. The player will also have to save the island from an environmental disaster. The scenario enhances ecological issues that were already shared by Jules Verne and that no one ever questions today.



System Requirements



Minimum Configuration:



*** OS: Windows 2000/XP/Vista

*** Processor: 1Ghz Pentium III

*** Memory: 256 MB RAM

*** Video: 64 MB DirectX 9-compatible graphics video card

*** Audio: DirectX 9-compatible sound card


INSTALL NOTES 
	Unpack                                                  
	Burn or mount                                           
	Install the game
