Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:40

[Video]
Resolution : 640x480
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1238 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.14 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps


"I Belong to Me" is a song written by Diane Warren on Jessica Simpson's fourth studio album, A Public Affair (2006). The Stargate-produced song was the second and final single from the album, and it reached the lower half of the U.S. Billboard Pop 100 chart.

The music video for the single was directed by Matthew Rolston and filmed in September 2006. Simpson said that the shoot was "a very emotional time" for her, and that she thought viewers of the video would "experience what I've been experiencing for the past year".

It was given a "sneak peek" on MTV's Total Request Live in the U.S. on October 4, and was premiered in its entirety on October 11.

Billboard magazine wrote that "Simple R&B-lite production allows Simpson's lovely vocal to hold the reins, making for a song (written by the incomparable Diane Warren) that is a thematic bull's-eye for her female teen target [...] let's see if programmers make this release more of the public affair it deserves to be".

Before the release of A Public Affair, the song was taken off the album's track listing—Simpson said that this was because she "was kind of afraid to sing the song"—and only the Wal-Mart edition of the album included the song as a bonus track. It was believed that the song had hit potential, and consequently Simpson's record label added it to subsequent versions of the album. During August 2006, Simpson's fans could listen on her official website to the songs "B.O.Y.", "I Belong to Me", "I Don't Want to Care", "If You Were Mine", "The Lover in Me" and "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)", and vote for which song would become the second single. It was reported in early September that Simpson had chosen "I Belong to Me" as the second single.

In the United States, "I Belong to Me" was made available for airplay at mainstream contemporary hit radio stations on September 26. During the same period, the song debuted at number twenty-five on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart and at number ninety-nine on the Billboard Pop 100. It spent three non-consecutive weeks on each chart (until early November), peaking at number ten on the former and at number ninety on the latter. 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/