File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:47

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1798 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.27 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Any Which Way" is the second single from Scissor Sisters' third studio album album Night Work, and was released on September 20, 2010.

It is currently in the Facebook game, Nightclub City, along with five other Scissor Sisters singles ("Night Work", "Fire with Fire", "Harder You Get", "Skin Tight", and "Invisible Light").

On November 6, 2010, the singles were taken off and were replaced by 6 songs from the band Allstar Weekend.

The single was released on September 20, 2010 and a video has also been released.

Night Work is the third studio album by American band Scissor Sisters. The album was released on June 28, 2010 and was preceded by the release of their first lead single, "Fire with Fire" on June 20, eight days before the album's release.

The singles "Night Work", "Fire with Fire", "Any Which Way", "Harder You Get", "Skin Tight", and "Invisible Light" are currently in the Facebook game, Nightclub City.

On November 6, 2010, the singles were taken off and were replaced by 6 songs from the band Allstar Weekend.

On May 8, 2010, it was reported that a previous version of the record had been "scrapped" in 2009. Singer Jake Shears said: "If it wasn't something we could fully get behind and believe in, I think the band was going to be over." The band then teamed up with producer Stuart Price to create Night Work.

Lead singer Jake Shears fled to Berlin for a few months after the catastrophic throwing-away of 18-months work on what would eventually become Night Work. There, he gained inspiration for the songwriting and tracks on Night Work.

The first single released from the album was "Fire With Fire" followed by their next single "Any Which Way"

Scissor Sisters is an American pop and rock band whose musical style draws from disco, glam rock and the New York City club scene. Formed in 2001, the group consists of vocalists Jake Shears and Ana Matronic, multi-instrumentalist Babydaddy, lead guitar/bassist, Del Marquis, and drummer Randy Real who replaced former drummer Paddy Boom. "Spawned by the scuzzy, gay nightlife scene of New York", they took their name from a sexual position between two women also known as tribadism.

The group rose to public attention with the release of their self-titled debut album in 2004, from which they gained chart success in Australia, Canada and parts of Europe – particularly their "spiritual home", the United Kingdom, where Scissor Sisters was the best-selling album of that year – although not their native United States. Several singles from the album were also successes, including "Comfortably Numb", "Laura" and "Take Your Mama". They followed this with their second album, Ta-Dah, in 2006, which again proved to be a commercial and critical success, with singles including "I Don't Feel Like Dancing" and "Land of a Thousand Words". Their third album, Night Work, was released in 2010, and displayed a shift towards a more club-oriented sound.

The band has collaborated with a number of other well known pop musicians, including Elton John and Kylie Minogue, and has been received positively by a number of other notable figures, with Bono describing them as "the best pop group in the world at the moment" in 2004.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/