DVD5 NTSC ISO of Les Miserable - 10th Anniversary concert - Live from Albert Hall. All extras included. If you never got to see the dream cast (Wilkinson, Salonga) perform this live, than this is as close as you will ever get. If the Human voice is capable of more power or emotion than this, I have never experienced it.

English Subtitles
  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113637/
  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Les_Mis%C3%A9rables:_The_Dream_Cast_in_Concert
  
http://bayimg.com/aAkPCaaco


Les Misérables: The Dream Cast in Concert a.k.a. Les Misérables in Concert is a concert version of the musical Les Misérables, produced to celebrate its 10th anniversary. It was filmed in October 1995 at the Royal Albert Hall and released on DVD and VHS in 1998 and re-released on DVD in North America in 2008. It stars Colm Wilkinson as Jean Valjean, Philip Quast as Inspector Javert, Michael Ball as Marius Pontmercy, Lea Salonga as Éponine, Judy Kuhn as Cosette, Ruthie Henshall as Fantine, and several others, and was directed by John Caird. The performers were chosen from London, Broadway and Australian productions of the show.

Production

This presentation uses a "modernised" and more orchestrated Alain Boublil–Claude-Michel Schönberg score than that of the musical. The format is closer to that of a dramatic cantata rather than being fully staged; the singers stand at their microphones with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and chorus behind them, but they do wear costumes and participate in some movement. During the action scenes, the video switches to action from the stage production. A few scenes from the musical are not included in the concert, including the street brawl broken up by Javert, "The Death ofGavroche" and the confrontation between Marius and Thénardier at the wedding feast.

The second encore

The programme ends with an encore in which seventeen actors who portray Jean Valjean in seventeen different nations join Wilkinson on stage to each sing a few bars of "Do You Hear the People Sing?" in their native languages. They are then joined by the entire cast and choir to sing the last verse of "One Day More!", receiving applause and a standing ovation. Balloons and confetti fall from the ceiling and sparklers erupt on stage as the show finishes.

Cast

Main performers

Colm Wilkinson 		Jean Valjean 		Original London/Broadway cast
Philip Quast 		Javert 	Original 	Australian cast
Ruthie Henshall 	Fantine 		Replacement London cast
Jenny Galloway 		Madame Thénardier 	Replacement London cast
Alun Armstrong 		Thénardier 		Original London cast
Lea Salonga 		Éponine 		Replacement Broadway Cast
Michael Ball 		Marius 			Original London cast
Michael Maguire 	Enjolras 		Original Broadway cast
Judy Kuhn 		Cosette 		Original Broadway cast
Anthony Crivello 	Grantaire 		Original Broadway cast
Adam Searles 		Gavroche 	
Hannah Chick 		Young Cosette 	
Paul Monaghan 		Bishop of Digne 	

 
The seventeen Valjeans

The following are the seventeen Valjeans who participated in the second encore:

Country 	Actor

 U.K	 	Phil Cavill
 France 	Robert Marien
 Germany 	Jerzy Jeske
 Japan 		Takeshi Kaga
 Hungary 	Vikidál Gyula
 Sweden 	Tommy Körberg
 Poland 	Krzysztof Stasierowski
 Netherlands 	Henk Poort
 Canada 	Michael Burgess
 Austria 	Reinhard Brussman
 Australia 	Rob Guest
 Norway 	Øystein Wiik
 Czech Rep. 	Jan Ježek
 Denmark 	Kurt Ravn
 Ireland 	Jeff Leyton
 Iceland 	Egill Ólafsson
 United States 	Craig Schulman		