The Polynomial: Space of Music

The Polynomial is a 3D spaceflight music game with abstract, 
mathematically generated scenery and models which are set to 
the music of your choice. You fly around in a very strange 
universe, shoot the enemies, meet and protect the friends, 
collect bonuses, fly through wormholes, and so on, all while 
rocking out to the music.


You can play the music supplied with the game or build a 
playlist of your own songs; you can even use microphone as 
music source. The music animation is highly configurable 
with multiple visualization types.
If shooting up stuff is not your thing, maybe you'll like 
using it in editor mode to create unique fractal artwork. 
Or you can set the difficulty to none and concentrate on 
all the non-killing action and enjoying the beauty.
The Polynomial features an innovative scoring system. 
Scoring is based on continuously timed counts of your 
actions in the past 1, 5, 20, and 60 minutes of your 
play, as well as on how much you can do in the space 
of one lifetime without being killed. If you are playing 
for the score and you screw up early, you can just keep on 
playing – thanks to the unique continuous scoring. All of 
the timed counts are running simultaneously and your scores 
are constantly updated.
There are multiple scoreboards for different types of action, 
as well as a combined score which rewards you for balanced 
play. Conversely, if you just like flying around and don't 
like shooting, you can try top the scoring in just the flowers 
you have collected or wormholes you passed through and if you 
think you are very bad at this game, you can try to get the high 
score in number of deaths.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Install Notes:

1. Run "The_Polynomial_setup.exe" and install the game.
2. Play Polynomial and have fun!

----------------------------------------------------------------

Troubleshooting:

ATI-Users may be supposed to update their graphics driver.