What is Camtasia for Mac?

Software for making a movie from content you record off your computer screen. There's no easier way to create videos that are effective and fun to watch.Save $50. download from piratebay LOL.
Use it to make:

    * training videos
    * on-demand presentations
    * marketing demos
    * how-to screencasts

                     

                    The all-in-one screen recorder for Mac.

Record what you see on your screen. Edit it into a stunning movie. Share it in the most universal formats. All from a single application.

Record and import rich content.

Fire up the application, webpage, or Keynote presentation that you want to appear in your screencast movie. As you interact with it, everything that happens on screen is recorded. It's like pointing a camcorder at your Mac—only much higher quality.


Put yourself in the scene.

Connect with viewers by letting them see and hear you. Plug in a quality microphone (or use your built-in mic) and narrate while recording your actions on the screen. Capture video from an iSight or a DV camera connected via firewire. Record the sound coming through your speakers.

Want to create a theme or support your brand? Add a logo image, title slides, or music track. Most standard video, audio, and image files can be imported and put into the mix.


The SmartFocus® advantage.

As you record the screen, our proprietary SmartFocus technology keeps track of details like window size and location, typing, and mouse clicks. During editing, SmartFocus can save you a ton of time by automatically zooming in to follow the action—keeping text legible and details sharp, even when you shrink your video to fit on an iPhone! 


Earn points for creativity in editing.

Once you've got your content recorded, it's time to put it all together and bring your vision to life. Simply drag media onto the timeline, layer as many tracks as you want, and slide clips around to achieve perfect timing.

Adding transitions, motion, and visual polish is also drag-and-drop easy. And with dozens of ready-made effects to choose from (along with the ability to tweak their properties) anyone can now make a video that is nothing short of dazzling.

Click, Drag, Done.
The clean, clutter-free editing area lets you interact directly with anything you see.
 
http://www.techsmith.com/camtasiamac/

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

intsructions

1-unzip
2-install
3-drag de app into the pach

works on OSX 10.6

hope u like it :)