Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays" is the only single released from 'N Sync's Christmas album, Home for Christmas. It didn't crack the Billboard Hot 100, but it did hit 37 on the Top 40 Mainstream charts.

This single is also included on 'N Sync's The Winter Album.

Directed by Lionel C. Martin. The video's premise is that Santa has become sick on Christmas Eve. Gary Coleman, as an elf, summons 'N Sync to take over. The boys deliver toys, presents, and good cheer throughout. The video debut on TRL December 14, 1998.

Home for Christmas is the second American album by the pop group 'N Sync, released on November 10, 1998. The lead single from the album, "Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays", achieved moderate success on the radio. It was certified Double Platinum in the US and has sold 4 million copies worldwide.

The Winter Album is a third album released, only in Europe, on November 17, 1998 by 'N Sync. This album was the European version of the boy band's Home For Christmas record that was released in the United States. It includes 7 of the tracks found on the US holiday version, 3 cuts off the US debut and 2 brand new songs: "U Drive Me Crazy" [Radio Edit] and "(Thinking of You) I Drive Myself Crazy," the international version of "I Drive Myself Crazy."

'N Sync (sometimes stylized as *NSYNC)was an American Boy Band. Since 1997, 'N Sync has sold over 56 million records worldwide.

Formed in Orlando, Florida in 1995 and launched in Germany, NSYNC became the 2nd highest selling boyband of all-time (behind the Backstreet Boys). In 1996 by BMG Ariola Munich, the group consisted of Justin Timberlake, JC Chasez, Lance Bass, Joey Fatone and Chris Kirkpatrick. After heavily publicized legal battles with their former manager Lou Pearlman and former record label Sony BMG, the group's 2nd album No Strings Attached sold 1.1 million copies in one day and 2.4 million copies in one week, giving it the highest first week album sales ever in US and #5 worldwide. In addition to a host of Grammy nominations, 'N Sync has performed at the Academy Awards, the World Series, the Super Bowl and the Olympics, and sang or recorded with the likes of Mandy Moore, Aerosmith, Mary J Blige, Britney Spears, Nelly, Michael Jackson, The Jackson Five, Stevie Wonder, Celine Dion, and Gloria Estefan. The group also appeared as themselves on The Simpsons, in an episode entitled "New Kids on the Blecch", which aired on February 25, 2001. The band are among the highest selling musical acts of the 2000s, and have emerged as one of the most acclaimed boy bands.

While 'N Sync announced a "temporary hiatus" in spring 2002, the band has not recorded new material since. The group's official website shut down in summer of 2006, and in 2007, Lance Bass confirmed that the group has "definitely broken up."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

