English:

The Motorcycle Diaries (2004, Spanish: Diarios de motocicleta) is a biopic about the journey and written memoir of the 23-year-old Ernesto Guevara, who would years later become internationally known as the iconic Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara. The film recounts the 1952 journey, initially by motorcycle, across South America by Guevara and his friend Alberto Granado. As the adventure centered around youthful hedonism unfolds, Guevara discovers himself transformed by his observations of the life of the impoverished indigenous peasantry. The road presents Ernesto Guevara and Alberto Granado a genuine picture of the Latin American identity. Through the characters they encounter on the road, Guevara and Granado learn the injustices the impoverished face and are exposed to people they would have never encountered in their hometown. The trip serves to expose a Latin American identity as well as explore the identity of one of its most memorable revolutionaries.
The screenplay is based primarily on Guevara's travelogue The Motorcycle Diaries by Ernesto "Che" Guevara, with additional context supplied by Back on the Road: A Journey Through Latin America by Alberto Granado. Guevara is played by Mexican actor Gael García Bernal, and Granado by the Argentine actor Rodrigo de la Serna, who is a second cousin to Che Guevara on his maternal side.[1] Directed by Brazilian director Walter Salles and written by Puerto Rican playwright José Rivera, the film was an international co-production among production companies from Argentina, the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, Chile, Peru and France. The film's executive producers were Robert Redford, Paul Webster, and Rebecca Yeldham; the producers were Edgard Tenenbaum, Michael Nozik, and Karen Tenkoff; and the co-producers were Daniel Burman and Diego Dubcovsky.

Español: 

Diarios de Motocicleta es una película biográfica basada en los diarios de viaje de Ernesto Guevara y Alberto Granado, dirigida por Walter Salles1 y protagonizada por Gael García Bernal y Rodrigo de la Serna.2 Ganadora del Oscar (2005) a la Mejor canción original Al otro lado del río de Jorge Drexler, y 27 premios internacionales más.
Trata acerca del viaje realizado en 1952, inicialmente en motocicleta, a través de América del Sur por Ernesto Guevara y su amigo Alberto Granado. Durante el desarrollo de la aventura, Guevara se descubre a sí mismo transformado por sus observaciones de la vida de los empobrecidos campesinos indígenas. El camino presenta a Guevara y Granado una verdadera imagen de la identidad latinoamericana. A través de los personajes que encuentran en el camino, aprenden sobre las injusticias a las que los pobres se enfrentan y están expuestos a personas con las que nunca se habían encontrado en su ciudad natal. El viaje sirve para explorar la identidad de uno de los más memorables revolucionarios.