Windows Embedded Standard 7 is a high-performance, highly reliable platform that OEMs can use to deliver devices that provide rich user experiences and seamless connections to the world of Windows. Windows Embedded Standard 7 is the latest release to bring the power of Windows 7 to specialized devices.
Windows Embedded Standard 7 is the next generation fully componentized version of Windows 7 operating system. Windows Embedded Standard 7 delivers the power, familiarity, and reliability of the Windows 7 operating system in componentized form, helping device makers create differentiated devices with rich user experiences. Windows Embedded Standard 7 technologies connect with many common industry standards plus several Microsoft desktop and server technologies that can help lower costs in application development, operating system deployment, servicing, and maintenance.
Windows Embedded Standard 7 offers features and functionality in the following key areas:

Latest desktop technology innovations: Standard 7 includes a number of features that are part of the Windows 7 operating system that are relevant to specialized devices. It includes Internet Explorer 8.0, Windows Media Player 12, Remote desktop protocol 7, .Net Framework 3.5 SP1 and other desktop components that can be used in the embedded device.
Simple to use Embedded tools and features: The Windows Embedded Standard 7 includes simple to use tools and embedded features that make development faster and cheaper. It includes Image Based Wizard that allows quick prototyping and iteration during the concept stage and Image Configuration Editor for advanced configuration during production phase. The product comes with a number of embedded features that are pre-built in the toolkit so OEMs do not have to spend their valuable resources to enable specific embedded scenarios.
Rich Immersive User experiences: It includes a rich UI framework, Windows Presentation Foundation and Silverlight which along with the innovative Windows Touch for multi-touch support allows OEMs to build differentiated devices with rich immersive user experiences that engage the user.
Seamless Connection to the world of Windows: Features like Remote Desktop Protocol 7, Active Directory Integration and seamless device management through Microsoft Systems Center Configuration Manager, Microsoft System Center Operations Manager and third party management agents make it easier to integrate specialized devices in the enterprise infrastructure.
Advanced Enterprise and Consumer features: Enterprise features like BitLocker, Applocker, DirectAccess, BranchCache enable advanced enterprise device scenarios and consumer features like Windows Media Center, HomeGroup support allow OEMs to build specialized devices targeted towards consumers.

The Windows Embedded Standard 7 includes over 150 different feature packages abnd over 500 driver packages that can be selected by the developer to include only the functionality and device drivers that are relevant to the embedded device giving greater control and flexibility in controlling the functionality. The x86-based embedded OS can be used on a variety of devices, including:

Next-generation thin clients that connect to Windows Server 2008 R2 using new Terminal Services features. These features include multimedia redirection, bidirectional audio, multimonitor support, and other improvements.
Unique and sophisticated point-of-service, kiosk, and digital signage devices that require visually compelling user experiences.
Smart networked multifunction printers (MFPs), which are easier to manage and are more secure, to easily connect with enterprise infrastructure technologies.
Automation devices used to run products such as hydraulic cranes, robots, and network security systems.

SUPPLiER: TEAM Z.W.T
PACKER: TEAM Z.W.T

RELEASE TYPE: LiCENSE
PROTECTiON: LiCENSE

RELEASE DATE: 05/14/2010
ZiP NAME: ZEM7STDT.RAR

FORMAT: iSO
SiZE: 1 DVD

ADDiTiONAL NOTES

COMPANY: Microsoft
PLATFORM: Windows

SOFTWARE TYPE: UTIL
LANGUAGE: ENGLiSH