
LearnKey Wireless Networking

Price: $425
Pros: Detailed information and excellent presentation
Cons: Interface makes it hard to jump to specific areas
Anyone IT professional who has tried to learn a new technology or simply to keep his or her knowledge current on an existing one can appreciate the need for ongoing training. While formal training conducted by a live human being in a classroom environment has many advantages, the high costs combined with the substantial time requirements of such training often make computer-based training a more practical option.
Once the decision to go with computer-based training has been made, the hard part of choosing a course remains, considering that the quality and price of intruction varies so widely. Individuals looking to school themselves on wireless networking however, will likely find a great deal of value in the LearnKey Wireless Networking course.
The LearnKey Wireless Networking course is designed for those wishing to achieve the vendor-neutral Certified Wireless Networking Administrator (CWNA) designation. While the course assumes the student has little if any existing WLAN knowledge, it doesn't cover "Networking 101", and assumes a fair degree of wired networking know-how. In fact, it's recommended that students embarking on this course and the CWNA cert already possess standard IT certifications like the Cisco's CCNA, Microsoft's MCSE, and the Network+ from CompTIA.
The course, which is available on five CD-ROMs, contains roughly 15 hours of instruction. The content consists mostly of slick-looking (meant in a good way) slides and graphics and a relatively small amount of talking-head video combined with a liberal number of animations that help the student grasp hard-to-visualize concepts like VSWR (Voltage Standing Wave Ratio).
A big selling point of the LearnKey course is instructor Michael Storm. It's not uncommon in training materials to have narration or voice-overs provided in a droning monotone, often reflecting the arid subject matter. By contrast, Storm delivers information in an energetic and enthusiastic fashion. He speaks to the slides rather than simply reading them, and you never get the sense that he's simply regurgitating a script. Perhaps as important, Storm articulates points in a lucid manner making some difficult concepts easier to understand. About the only complaint is that he tends to speak a bit too quickly, which often makes it necessary to rewind parts of the video for a repeat performance.

Course Material:
The course content is expansive, covering a lot of ground in both the theoretical and practical aspects of WLAN deployment. The course begins with a basic history of wireless communication and moves quickly to a thorough outline of RF technology and radio wave propagation. The course goes on to cover a fairly exhaustive list of WLAN concepts and technologies, including various antenna and device types, the different 802 WLAN standards, and methods of authentication and encryption. While the course does offer a lot of "speeds and feeds", it also provides a copious amount of real-world information, such as how to locate APs and position antennas to meet specific requirements.
The information provided is also quite currentâ