Blaze Video Converter MAX v1.0
Convert among AVI, MPEG-1/2, WMV, MOV, Flash, 3GP, PSP, and many more with ease.
Powerful, fast, and easy to use video conversion for AVI, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, WMV, MOV, Flash (SWF and SWF), iPod, PSP, 3GP, and other various video formats.


Powerful, fast, and easy to use video conversion for AVI, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, WMV, MOV, Flash (SWF and SWF), iPod, PSP, 3GP, and other various video formats. Blaze Video Converter MAX makes conversions for all popular video formats a quick and easy task. Settings are provided for video and audio bitrate, output dimensions, start/end processing time, image header, video rotation, overwrite protection, and more.

Convert from AVI, MPG (MPEG-1 and MPEG-2), WMV, ASF, MOV, FLV, 3GP, MP4, DivX, OGM, PSP, and iPod to AVI, MPG (MPEG-1 and MPEG-2), WMV, MOV, FLV, 3GP, PSP, and iPod with ease. Blaze Video Converter MAX can also be used to change the compression for supported formats. The comprehensive range of supported formats makes the software very flexible, and provides a complete solution for conversion of most any video file desired. Conversions are performed directly from format to format, which increases conversion speed and eliminates potential quality loss. The ability to set codec and/or compression settings for all formats that support them is also present.

Blaze Video Converter MAX offers an extensive array of options for complete control over how the software functions. The software is fully functional and can be utilized easily by users of any experience level.

Conversions can be performed on an entire folder of files simply by using the Add Folder option. Furthermore, when converting a folder, you can specify an option for all subfolders to also be included. Additional built-in options include: the ability to automatically use the source file's path for conversion output, overwrite protection (append unique numeric value to the base filename for existing files), deletion of source file(s) after successful conversion, and much more!

Install
Copy Crack to installed folder