Release Group: DOA
Release Name: HDClone Professional v3.9.4
Release Date: 2010-09-21
Filename: HDClone Professional v3.9.4-DOA.rar
Size: 24.04 MB (25,212,370 bytes)
Type: Application
Release Description

[ Functionality ]
HDClone creates physical or logical copies (clones) and file images of hard disks and other mass storage media. HDClone is a perfect tool for backups and copies of entire software or operating system installations. A special ‘SafeRescue’ mode makes HDClone an invaluable tool for rescuing defective hard disks and other media. HDClone works independent of partitioning scheme, file system, and operating system. It also works with proprietary formats which otherwise would be unaccessible.

[ HDClone on Windows (XP/Vista/Server) - NEW: Windows 7 ]
• create copies and images – even of the system volume – while Windows is running
• access to special media & controllers (SCSI, SAS, RAID, Dynamic Volumes …)
• using familiar Windows drive letters
Each HDClone software package now contains a Windows program (HDClone/W) in addition to the self-booting program (HDClone/S). Since both are operated identically, you do not have to change over when switching between HDClone/s and HDClone/W.

[ File images - NEW: now featuring compressed images ]
Instead of a direct copy from medium to medium, you can also store an exact image of medium in an image file. These images files can be stored, archived, or transmitted via network and the Internet. They can be restored at any time or place to a medium which then behaves just like a direct copy had been made.

[ NEW: Defragmenting NTFS 'on the fly' ]
HDClone can perform a perfect defragmentation on NTFS volumes during copying or restoring from a file image. This defragmentation only needs a fraction of the time usually required for defragmentation. Hence, it consumes almost no additional time compared to the copying itself.

[ HotCopy & LiveImage ]
HDClone now can create copies and file images of drives and partitions during Windows operation – even for the system volume.

[ Faster with SmartCopy mode - NEW: now supporting EXT4 ]
HDClone creates logical sector copies (SmartCopy) of FAT, NTFS, and ext2/ext3/ext4 file systems in only a fraction of the time usually needed – yielding an equivalent result. SmartCopy can clone an entire Windows XP base installation in less than 20 seconds for example.

[ AutoExpand - upsizing 'on the fly' - NEW: now supporting EXT4 ]
Let HDClone upsize your FAT, NTFS, and ext2/ext3/ext4 partitions automatically on the fly during copying.

[ NEW: Downsizing NTFS partitions 'on the fly' ]
Let HDClone downsize your NTFS partitions automatically on the fly during copying. This allows you to adjust partition sizes during cloning or to migrate to smaller media. Perfect for migrating to (usually smaller) SSD drives.
