HBO 1977 Standup Comedy on Location - Phyllis Diller

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 794kbps 
Duration.............: 53:30.039
Resolution...........: 496*368 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 104 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0877672/
 
http://bayimg.com/galEeAacb


Phyllis Diller (born Phyllis Ada Driver; July 17, 1917) is an American actress and comedienne, considered one of the pioneers of female stand-up comedy. She created a stage persona of a wild-haired, eccentrically-dressed housewife who makes jokes about a fictional husband named "Fang" while smoking from a long cigarette holder. Diller is credited with opening the doors of stand-up comedy to women.

Career

Phyllis began her career working at KROW radio in San Francisco in 1952. In November of that year, Phyllis began filming a show for TV titled "Phyllis Dillis, the Homely Friendmaker."[3] The 15 minute series was a BART (Bay Area Radio-Television) production, directed for TV by ABC's Jim Baker, the show was canceled early on. In the mid 1950s, while residing in the East Bay city of Alameda, California, Diller was employed at KGO-TV in San Francisco. A man named Bill Anderson (Mar 29, 1917 - )hosted a TV show there called the "Belfast Pop Club" along with a young Don Sherwood (September 7, 1925 - November 6, 1983). They would conduct interviews and do skits with celebrities and the younger generation. The show was filmed live on set and it lasted only a half-hour on Saturdays. It was an early advertisement for Belfast Root Beer, now known today as Mug Root Beer. Bill thought she was so funny that he invited her onto his show on April 23, 1955 as a vocalist and started her stand up career at San Francisco's legendary nightclub, The Purple Onion.


Diller appeared as a stand up at The Purple Onion for 87 straight weeks, where she cultivated her talent and perfected her act. Diller appeard on Del Courney's Showcase on KPIX television on November 3, 1956. Diller's fame was expanded when she co-starred with Bob Hope in 23 TV specials and three films in the 1960s: Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!, Eight on the Lam and The Private Navy of Sgt. O'Farrell. Although only Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number! performed well at the box office, Hope invited Diller to perform with him in Vietnam in 1966 with his USO troupe during the height of the conflict in that country.


Diller seemed to be everywhere in pop culture in the 1960s. She appeared regularly as a special guest on many television programs during that decade. For example, she did a stint as one of the What's My Line? Mystery Guests on the popular Sunday night CBS-TV program. The blindfolded panel on that evening's broadcast included Sammy Davis, Jr., and they were able to discern Diller's identity in just three guesses. Also, Diller made regular cameo appearances making her trademark brief & pithy wisecracks on Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In. Self-deprecating to a fault, a typical Diller joke had her running after a garbage truck pulling away from her curb. "Am I too late?" she'd yell. The driver's reply: "No, jump right in!"


Though her main claim to fame is her stand-up comedy act, Diller also has appeared in other films besides the three mentioned above, including a cameo appearance as Texas Guinan, the wisecracking nightclub hostess in the 1961 Hollywood production of Splendor in the Grass. She appeared in more than a dozen, usually low-budget movies, including as "The Monster's Mate" in the Rankin/Bass animated cult classic Mad Monster Party (1967), co-starring Boris Karloff.


Diller also starred in two short-lived TV series: the half-hour sitcom The Pruitts of Southampton (later retitled The Phyllis Diller Show) on ABC from 1966–1967, and the variety show The Beautiful Phyllis Diller Show on NBC in 1968. More recent television appearances for Diller have included at least three episodes between 1999-2003 on the long-running family drama 7th Heaven, in one of which she hilariously boozed it up while cooking dinner for the household, and a 2002 episode of The Drew Carey Show, as Mimi Bobek's grandmother. She posed for Playboy, but the photos were never run in the magazine.[citation needed] Her voice can be heard in several animated TV shows, including The New Scooby-Doo Movies (1972) as herself, The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius (2002) as Jimmy's grandmother, and on Family Guy in 2006[5] as Peter Griffin's mother, Thelma Griffin.


Beginning Dec. 26, 1969, she had a three month run on Broadway in Hello, Dolly! (opposite Richard Deacon) as the second to last in a succession of replacements for Carol Channing in the title role, which included Ginger Rogers, Martha Raye, Betty Grable, and Pearl Bailey. After Diller's stint, Ethel Merman took over the role until the end of the show's run in Dec 1970.


In 1993, she was inducted into the St. Louis Walk of Fame.


Hollywood films have continued to capitalize on Diller's charm and recognizability. In 1998, Diller parlayed her unique cackle into the vocals for the Queen in Disney/Pixar's animated movie A Bug's Life. In 2005, Diller was featured as one of many contemporary comics in a documentary film, The Aristocrats. Diller, who avoids working blue, did a version of an old, risqué vaudeville routine in which she describes herself passing out when she first heard the joke, forgetting the actual content of the joke.


On January 24, 2007, she appeared on The Tonight Show and performed stand-up, before chatting with Jay Leno. Leno asked her to come back on her birthday for a celebration, and she said she'd be delighted.


Diller had a cameo appearance in an episode of ABC's Boston Legal on April 10, 2007. She appeared as herself, confronting William Shatner's Denny Crane character, alleging to have had a torrid love affair with him in the past. They seemed to have enjoyed a romantic moment in a foxhole during World War II.


Diller is a member of the Society of Singers, which supports singers in need. In June 2001 at the request of fellow Society member and producer Scott Sherman, she appeared at Kansas City and Philadelphia Pride events in support of gay pride and rights. The mayor of Philadelphia officially proclaimed June 8, 2001, as "Phyllis Diller Day" in Philadelphia. On stage she was presented an official proclamation to a standing ovation. In 2006, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom proclaimed February 5, 2006 "Phyllis Diller Day in San Francisco," which she accepted by phone.


She has also recorded at least five comedy LP's, one of which was Born To Sing, released as Columbia CS 9523.


Although known for decades for smoking from long cigarette holders in her comedy act, Diller is a lifelong nonsmoker, and the cigarette holders were stage props that the nonsmoking comedian had specially constructed.