Need for Speed: Shift (c) Electronic Arts

09/2009 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom/Serial
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Racing

Feel what its really like to race high-end performance cars as Need for
Speed SHIFT thrusts you into the heart of the action for the true drivers
experience. Immersive and exciting features such as a stunningly realistic
first-person cockpit view and an all-new crash mechanic deliver an unrivaled
sensation of the speed and exhilaration of racing a car on the extreme edge
of control. Plus, an ultra-realistic physics engine lets you feel every bump
as you race around some of the worlds top tracks. Whether youre battling
online or playing through your career, build your unique driver profile from
moment to moment and from race to race and get rewarded for driving the way
you want to drive.

Features
* The True Drivers ExperienceAn unrivalled in-car experience and new
physics engine deliver the severe G-forces, bumps, and impact of being
behind the wheel of an elite race car.
* Driver ProfileWhat kind of driver are you? Your unique driver profile
tracks your evolution as a race driver from event to event based on your
driving skill and style. Will you be respected or feared?
* Dynamic Crash EffectsFeel your car take damage as you hit a static object
or opponents car. A combination of visual and audio effects will leave you
disorientated and briefly disrupt the race.
* Customize Your CarTailor almost every aspect of your car with the
comprehensive customization system. Go under the hood to increase the cars
performance then personalize its look inside and out to reflect your
individual style.
* Take the Race OnlineYour driver profile continues to build online and
helps match you against the most suitable rivals for your ability.
Keep building your skills and work your way toward challenging the best
drivers in the world.

1. Burn or mount the image.
2. Install the game.
3. Copy over the cracked content.
4. Play the game.
5. Support the software developers. If you liked this game, BUY IT!

System requirements:
MINIMUM:

Operating System Windows XP Service Pack 3 or Vista Service Pack 1
CPU: Intel Pentium 4 (or equivalent) CPU running at 3,2GHz or higher (3.4GHz for Windows Vista)
Memory: 1GB RAM (Vista 2GB)
Hard Drive Space: 10 GB of free space
Graphics Hardware: 256 MB RAM with Pixel Shader 3 (PCI-Ex)
Sound Hardware: DirectX 9.0c compliant card (DirectX 10.1 compliant if applicable)
DVD Drive: 8X or faster DVD Drive
For Online Play: Network card with broadband connectivity


RECOMMENDED:

OPERATING SYSTEM: Windows XP Service Pack 3 or Vista Service Pack 1
CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo 2,5GHz or AMD 64 X2 2,0 GHz
MEMORY: 2GB RAM (Vista 3GB)
Hard Drive Space: 10 GB of free space
GRAPHICS HARDWARE: 512 MB RAM with Pixel Shader 3 (PCI-Ex)
Sound Hardware: DirectX 9.0c compliant card (DirectX 10.1 compliant if applicable)
DVD Drive: 8X or faster DVD Drive
For Online Play: Network card with broadband connectivity


So after number of request, ive uploaded the game with only iso, so You dont need to unrar it.