Please seed!

GöteborgsMusiken, since 2007 Göteborg Wind Orchestra.

At the end of 1996 GöteborgsMusiken (Göteborg Wind Orchestra) found itself in acute need of funding and was very close to extinction. It was decided that, should the threat become reality, a final sortie would be made with all coulors flying. Coulors in the form of a CD with the orchestra's own members as soloists.

In 1997 GöteborgsMusiken was commissioned to perform as the Band of the Royal Air Force. This commission ended 2009.
Today GöteborgsMusiken is financed by the City of Gothemburg and the Swedish Arts Council. Main sponsor is Gothemburg Tram Company.

On this album you will hear music by Leroy Anderson, the bands (at that time) conductor Jerker Johansson and some other composers. Tag info will display composer for each track. 
 
http://www.gwo.se/ (swedish)


Göteborgs Musiken - At Work
Göteborg Wind Orchestra
Four Leaf Clover Records 1997
Recorded at Fiskebäckskyrkan (fiskebäck church) 23-25 October 1996

01  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - The Typewriter  
                                  Typewriter: Jerker Johansson
02  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Ankan och Hackspetten (The Duck and the Woodpecker)  
                                  Duckpipe and wood block: Jerker Johansson
03  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - The Syncopated Clock  
                                  Wood block and alarm clock: Jerker Johansson
04  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - The Fly  
                                  Flute: Göran Marcusson, Piccolo: Tina Andersson
05  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Bugler's Holiday  
                                  Trumpet: David Glänneskog, Peder Hansson, Robin Rydqvist
06  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Sandpaper Ballet  
                                  Sand paper: Lars Eliasson
07  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Till Minne av Cirkus Renz (In Memory of Cirkus Renz)  
                                  Xylophone: Jerker Johansson
08  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Gotländsk Sommarnatt (Gotland Summer Night)
                                  Trumpet: Peder Hansson
09  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Ol' Man River  
                                  Bass trombone: Anders Hellman
10  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Clarinet Candy  
                                  Clarinet: Göran Carlsson, Ola Persson, Sven Pettersson, Kjell Gustafsson
11  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Portrait of a Trumpet  
                                  Trumpet: Robin Rydqvist
12  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Hagby's Trombone  
                                  Trombone: Robert Svensson, Lars-Göran Lasses, Anders Hellman
13  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Interlude Romantique  
                                  Tenor saxophone: Göran Selmerborn
14  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Festival-Polka  
                                  Xylophone and Kazoo: Jerker Johansson
15  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Hora Staccato  
                                  Trumpet: David Glänneskog
16  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Csárdás  
                                  Euphonium: Anders Lundin
17  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Ko-Polka (Cow-Polka)  
                                  Cow bells: Jerker Johansson
18  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Der Alte Brummbär (The Old Brown Bear)  
                                  Bassoon (Fagott): Howard Etherton
19  Göteborgs Musiken - At Work - Den Flygande Tomten (The Flying Santa)  
                                  Xylophone: Jerker Johansson
