Taken From Amazon

In this dense, captivating novel of modern-day Russia by Starling (Messiah; Storm), stunningly beautiful American Alice Liddell arrives in Moscow in 1991 as the city lurches into a changed world after the collapse of the Soviet Union. She's an International Monetary Fund adviser whose job is to privatize Moscow's state-run industries, the first of which will be the legendary Red October vodka distillery. Red October is run by Lev, who is seven feet tall, built like a professional weight lifter and covered with tattoos. The charismatic Lev is not only head of Moscow's largest gang, the 21st Century Association, he is also a parliamentary deputy. Alice and Lev engage in contentious negotiations over who will control the factory, and in no time at all romantic sparks fly. Starling fuels his many story lines—one involving a gang of brutal Chechens; another featuring Juku Irk, Russia's only honest policeman—with an abundance, some might think an overabundance, of facts about life in Russia. While most books would founder under the weight of such extensive research, this great mass of detail is so fascinating that delighted readers will gulp it down like the novel's free-flowing, ubiquitous vodka.
Copyright © Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. LOLZ

 American Alice Liddell, for whom all bottles urge "drink me," arrives in Moscow at the collapse of the Soviet Union to oversee privatization of the iconic vodka factory Red October. She soon sluices down an alcoholic rabbit hole to an anarchic realm whose magnificent squalor recalls declining Rome under the bloody dominion of proud Visigoths and Huns--or, in this case, Slavic gangsters and their Chechen rivals, notable for being more sadistic than even the Slavs. Against the offhand cruelty of this decadent panorama, where thieves have more honor than bankrupt ideologues and cutthroat capitalists, and where cannibalism isn't always figurative, a good cop's hunt through the sewers for a serial child murderer is unremarkable enough to seem a reflexive carryover from Starling's more personal serial-killer titles (Messiah, Storm). Much more dense and descriptive than these earlier efforts, this sprawling spectacle is awash with detailed background, punctuated by swift and ruthless action that sweeps in off the steppes with bloodthirsty ferocity. Recommended for fans of Martin Cruz Smith's Arkady Renko books, or Robert Harris' evocative thrillers. David Wright
Copyright © American Library Association. All rights reserved LOLZ

About The Author 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boris_Starling
