 http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,588504,00.html

Is Eric Massa Part of the Problem or Solution?

 A few weeks ago on this program, we talked about the "Chicago way" of doing things and how Rahm Emanuel and President Obama did not leave it in Chicago. They packed it up and brought it along to Washington.

It's already corrupt enough, but the ante has been raised: The unions are running roughshod and demanding payback on their investment; the people are being ignored; ethics and values are thrown out the window for health care votes.

But I think the game could be coming undone in Washington. A congressman — a Democratic congressman — Eric Massa, from New York, is at the center of some controversy. It started when he voted against cap and trade. That hacked off top Democrats. Now he is against Obama's health care plan too.

Here's what Massa said on his radio broadcast about what happened after he voted against cap and trade:

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

REP. ERIC MASSA, D-N.Y.: But when I voted against the cap and trade bill, the phone rang and it was the chief of staff to the president of the United States of America, Rahm Emanuel. And he started swearing at me in terms and words that I hadn't heard since that crossing the line ceremony on the USS New Jersey in 1983.

(END AUDIO CLIP)

So instead of discussing it like rational human beings, Emanuel calls up and threatens him? After that and health care, suddenly, there's a massive ethics investigation happening. Massa has admitted to acting inappropriately and he resigned just a little while ago. But the Democratic Party are out to destroy this guy.

I talked to the congressman for about a half hour today off the air and the crass comments he made at the wedding, while something I wouldn't condone, doesn't seem like the punishment fits the crime. Rahm Emanuel is running around D.C. calling people — in deference to Sarah Palin, let me say it this way: the R-word. Charlie Rangel doesn't want to pay taxes. But Massa said some dirty jokes at a wedding and he's pushed out?

I said it's going to take someone on the inside to fix this system. Even if they've been part of the corruption:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

GLENN BECK: Anybody who stands up in the Beltway against corruption, I want you to hear this: America will stand with you. I believe Republicans, Democrats and independents, if you stand up inside the Beltway, even if you've been part of the problem in the past and you say, "Look, look, look, look — I'll take my lumps. If it means I have to go in front of a judge and a jury, I will, but please, I just want out." Let me tell you something, if you help clean up the mess, we'll stand with you.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

No matter what you've done, as long as you want to be part of the solution, America will stand behind you. The future of our republic is at stake and that's more important than anything. I think Massa gets that. Listen to how he describes it:

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

MASSA: I've had union leaders tell me point blank we are not going to contribute to your campaign unless you vote for this health care bill. Is that or is that not a bribe?

At the heart of everything we face in this country today, at the heart of the destruction of our democracy, at the heart of our inability to solve our problems, at the heart of the inability for us to actually pass to the next generation of Americans something greater than we received from our parents, is the incredible corruption of money in politics today.

(END AUDIO CLIP)

As I said, America is forgiving: If you admit what you've done, vow to change and stand up against the corrupt nightmare that has become Washington, America will stand behind you. Whether or not you agree with Massa's table manners, tell me if this isn't true:

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

MASSA: It makes me weep when I realize our nation is being destroyed from within…

You cannot effectively govern this country without the consent of the governed. The entire nation has said let's re-write the health care bill, let's find what we can agree upon. No, no, no, no. We're not going to ram this down the throats of the American people and anyone who stands up in the way of doing that is going to be smeared and they are going to be kicked out of Congress.

(END AUDIO CLIP)

When I talked to him, I asked him why he resigned. He gave me an answer that truly makes sense. Again, I'm not saying this guy is pure as the driven snow, because he's not. But this may be a moment that decides the course of this nation.

He's going to be with me for a full hour on Tuesday. You need to listen to this man — both sides need to hear him. Someone needs to expose the game and I believe Massa is doing it. We find out for sure on Tuesday.

Why is this important right now? Because the system is not going to last; we are at our breaking point. Look at the unemployment situation. Obama said worst is behind us — umm, really?

Check out this jobs chart from BusinessInsider.com — it's a chart of all the recent recessions and the rate of employment declines.

And it's not just jobs. Look at commercial real estate loans. The congressional oversight panel recently reported that $1.4 trillion of loans come due between now and 2014 and 50 percent are underwater. There are also 3,000 banks with "problematic exposure to commercial real estate." The report says the industry's future prospects "could threaten America's already-weakened financial system."

Why are we hearing about this now? What happened to the "stress test"? Oh, that's right — the stress test only looked through 2010. Losses from commercial real estate will peak shortly after that. Why wouldn't the stress test go beyond 2010? Why wouldn't they look at 2011 or 2012?

Because they don't want you to see what's coming. But all you have to do to see it is pay attention to Greece or Iceland.

In Iceland last summer, their economy suddenly turned, the government seized the banks and the stock market shut down. The currency tanked. Prices on imports skyrocketed. Even McDonald's fled the country because it cost more to import the meat in a Big Mac than they could sell it for.

And here's what's happening now: Iceland is being pressed to repay $5.3 billion to Britain and the Netherlands for debts spawned by the collapse of an Icelandic bank. I know it's passe to use common sense, but when you gamble, sometimes you lose. If it sounds too good to be true it, it usually is. You bet wrong — that's a bummer — I'm really sorry about your $5 billion investment gone bad. But you took the risk, deal with it.

The president of Iceland held a referendum on if they should pay back England and the Dutch. It was close: 93 percent said no; 1.8 percent said yes. But the president came out and said the British and Dutch would get their money back eventually.

Oh, so you had the referendum why exactly, if it wasn't going to be paid back?

Remember the bald communist? Remember what he said about pushing the disenfranchised?

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JED BRANDT, AMERICAN COMMUNIST: We have to help bring this government down. We have to help destroy this system and that requires increasing the alienation that working class and oppressed people feel. The way change is going to happen in this country is through the destruction of what we call the United States of America.

I am opposed to the system of imperialism and the idea that some people have rights and privileges that are not granted to all human beings.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

What better way to push back than just say "government is in charge." We're jamming health care through. And cap-and-trade. Get out of the way!

We need to watch this because if Iceland goes against the will of their people and pay this money to England, the dominos will start falling — another will be forced to pay. And another and another. And at the end, guess who all the fingers are pointing at? America. We are the home of the free market. Those Americans told us capitalism would work and look at the world now!

As goes Iceland, so goes us.

In France, polls have Nicolas Sarkozy (center right) at new lows — down to a 36 percent approval; meanwhile, Dominique de Villepin (far right) is at 57 percent.

Far-right Dutch MP Geert Wilders last year was banned from the U.K. — they said his presence could "threaten community harmony and therefore public safety." But just last week he was not only in the country, he was at the House of Lords, where he screened a film on the Quran.

Europe is making the same mistakes they made at the turn of the century. The right and the left are growing again in Europe.

We must get off of these tracks before the same thing happens to us.