In the begining of 80s Yugoslavian rock scene was blooming. The competition was fearsome with bands comming out almoust everyday. One of those new bands where Tvrdo Srci i Velike use (Hard heart and big ears). Formed in 81 they quckly made thesemlfs a name as one of the new future big name in rock music with their heavier rock style mixed with alot of punk influences. Already in december of thesame year they released the first single, Pucanj u Prazno. It didnt become a hit but it gave them a record deal with Jugoton (today croatia records). The debut album, Kazi ovom bati pa pa was released 82. With minor hits like Jutro and Skidam se the album with original print of 5 000 where sold very slow. Biggest reasson for this was Jugotons complite lack of promotion. Still without any promotion they where able to get alot of gigs going and make themself a name as a top underground act. Jugoton dropped them at the begining of 83 and without a record deal the band decided to take a break. The drummer Ivan Rankovic joined Ekatarina Velika while the other ones eather gave up music complitely or joined less known bands. The band joined together again in 86 and formed a Ulica od Meseca. A softer rockier band more made for radio. The producer of the record was Kornelie Kovac one of the most famous Jugoslavian producer of the time. Still thesame faith happend with this new band as with Tvdo Srce i Velike Usi. No promotion whatsoever where made for them. Shortly after the record saw the day of light the band members decided to leave music for ever. With just small promotion this band would have become very big specially concidering the potentional of the songs that they already recorded.

This are direct convertings from original lp and ep. This songs have never and probably will never be remastered and put on cds so what you hear is what is left of the band. Some tracks are great and on some you can hear some small bit of noices. It is made mostly for those who want to remmeber the good old times. Enjoy.

Tvdo Srce i Velike Usi

Pucanj u Prazno (Ep)
Kazi ovom bati pa pa LP

Ulica od Meseca

Ulica od Meseca LP