PRODUCT OVERVIEW:
  	  Product Name :  Music Morpher Gold 5.0
  	  Version :               5.0.40 (Updated in Sep 2010)
  	  Release Date :   May 2010
  	Trial download    Compare editions
	 LIGHTER EDITIONS:
  	  AV Music Morpher:
  	Your versatile yet cost-effective music gear.  Price : $29.95
  	  AV MP3 Player Morpher:
  	The only MP3 player that can morph.  Free
  	    Tutorials

	
Product Overview
AV MUSIC MORPHER GOLD 5.0 makes editing audio and doing DJ tasks just a snap. It is packed full of powerful features including a brand new virtual DJ, a new Converter module, a multi-track recorder and editor, a whole suite of professional effects and our famous patented vocal Remover and Extractor. The DJ module helps users do simple DJ tasks such as re-mixing songs, adding sound FX, adjusting channels, EQ or any one of the hundreds of included studio-quality effects. The Converter module helps convert multi-format audio files more quickly and conveniently. The Morpher module and Advanced module are newly combined, and a new compact player mode are only some of the great improvements in this version 5.0 for the convenience of the users. The program is promising to turn any humble PC into a fully-fledged recording studio, giving users the power to make their own pop songs, funky hip hop, or DJ remixes. When a user has finished his masterpiece, there's a ready-to-use CD burner for him to burn his favorite songs to CD and share them with his friends.
 
	Key Features
	Brand new virtual Easy DJ newly created and integrated in the package for DJ fans to do DJ tasks without effort (NEW)
	All-in-one Converter module newly created for converting multi-format audio files more quickly and conveniently (NEW)
	Compact Mode supported for simple playback anytime you need it (NEW)
	New Morpher module developed by combining the former premium Morpher and Advanced modules to bring users more convenience (NEW)
	Remover and Extractor for removing or extracting the vocals or music from stereo songs (results depending on recording quality and embedded effects)
	Powerful Wave Editor for chopping, combining and tidying up any audio file
	Multi-channel Music Mixer for mixing music and vocals together to make funky, unique hit songs (working with whole songs or edited clips)
	Effects Mixer and Editor for adding and combining studio-quality audio effects for optimal quality and amazing new sounds
  	Learn more
	Main Benefits
	Doing DJ without effort with  brand new easy-to-use virtual DJ built-in (NEW)
	Converting multi-format audio files easily and conveniently with just a few clicks (NEW)
	Switching directly between Compact mode and Full mode anytime you want (NEW)
	Switching in no time between the library of simple audio effects and the library of advanced audio effects (NEW)
	Extracting or removing either the vocals or music from stereo songs
	Mixing songs, vocals and sound effects together to create new and unique songs
	Possessing a premium wave file editor
	Enhancing the quality of your entire music collections better than you ever thought possible
  	Learn more

Follow instructions in torrent to make it full version.

Brought to you by JugzG0nn4G3tY4.

-Enjoy.
-Seed.

-Jugz