Directed by 	Kathryn Bigelow
Produced by 	Kathryn Bigelow
Mark Boal
Nicolas Chartier
Greg Shapiro
Written by 	Mark Boal
Starring 	Jeremy Renner
Anthony Mackie
Brian Geraghty
Christian Camargo
Evangeline Lilly
Ralph Fiennes
David Morse
Guy Pearce
Music by 	Marco Beltrami
Buck Sanders
Cinematography 	Barry Ackroyd
Editing by 	Chris Innis
Bob Murawski
Studio 	Grosvenor Park Media
Distributed by 	Summit Entertainment (US)
Release date(s) 	September 4, 2008 (2008-09-04)
(Venice Film Festival)
June 26, 2009
(United States)
Running time 	130 minutes
Country 	United States
Language 	English
Arabic
Budget 	$15,000,000
Gross revenue 	$40,016,144

The Hurt Locker opens with a quotation from War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning, a best-selling 2002 book by New York Times war correspondent and journalist Chris Hedges: "The rush of battle is a potent and often lethal addiction, for war is a drug."[2][3]  All the words fade except for the last four.

The story depicts how the fictional character Sergeant First Class William James, a battle-tested veteran, becomes a team leader in Bravo company of a U.S. Army Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) unit during the early stages of the post-invasion period in Iraq in 2004,[4][5] replacing Staff Sergeant Thompson, a character who was killed by a radio-controlled 155 mm improvised explosive device (IED) in Baghdad. The fictional team consists of Sergeant J.T. Sanborn and Specialist Owen Eldridge, whose jobs are to communicate with their team leader via radio inside his bombsuit, and provide him with rifle cover while he examines IEDs. During their missions of disarming IEDs and engaging insurgents together, James's unorthodox methods lead Sanborn and Eldridge to consider him reckless. Tensions mount between James and the other two team members. During a raid on a warehouse, James discovers the dead body of a young boy who has been surgically implanted with an unexploded bomb. James believes it to be "Beckham", a young Iraqi merchant he had previously befriended.

Later, James orders his team to pursue three insurgents responsible for a recent explosion. Sanborn protests that the task should be left to the three infantry platoons in the area, but James overrules him. During the operation, Eldridge is shot in the leg. The next morning, James is approached by Beckham. The young boy tries to converse with James, who walks by without saying a word. Being airlifted for surgery, Eldridge angrily blames James for his injury.

After failing in a mission to remove and disarm a time bomb strapped to an Iraqi civilian's chest, Sanborn becomes emotional and confesses to James that he can no longer cope with the pressure of being in EOD, and he looks forward to finally leaving Iraq and having a son. James returns home to his wife and child and is shown quietly performing the routine tasks of suburban civilian life. But the boredom of normal life easily agitates James. One night James confesses to his infant son that there is only one thing that he knows he loves. At the close of the film he is seen going through another tour serving with Delta company of an EOD unit as they are just starting their 365 day rotation.

IMAGENES 
http://img13.imageshack.us/img13/8199/hlposterusa2.jpg 
http://img576.imageshack.us/img576/2986/87204372.png 
http://img638.imageshack.us/img638/9466/19845334.png