                   Mobile Phone Video Converter 

Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter is a professional video to Mobile Phone converter that helps you fast convert video to Mobile Phone video formats like 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, WMV, AVI and extract audio from video to Mobile Phone audio formats like MP3, AAC, M4A, WAV for enjoy your movie on Apple iPhone, iPod, Sony PSP, Palm, Pocket PC, and various brands of cell video phones including Motorola, Nokia, Samsung, and Sony Ericsson and so on. 

Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter comes with powerful options that let you convert multiple files at a time, trim file length, set video and audio encoding settings, preview before conversion, batch conversion, and so on. 

Convert video to Mobile Phone 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, AVI, WMV videos
Convert video to Mobile Phone MP3, AAC, M4A, WAV audios
Support various Mobile devices: iPhone, BlackBerry, LG, Samsung, Motorola
Enjoy your favorite video on your mobile phones and players with Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter right now!

 Key Functions 

Convert all popular video formats to Mobile Phone
Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter can convert all popular video files to Mobile Phone video formats like 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, WMV, AVI video with very high output quality.
Extract audio from video files to Mobile Phone
Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter can Convert audio from video files to Mobile Phone MP3, AAC, M4A, WAV audio formats.
Support various Mobile devices
You can enjoy your movie on Apple iPhone, iPod, Sony PSP, Palm, Pocket PC, and various brands of cell video phones including Motorola, Nokia, Samsung, and Sony Ericsson and so on.
 Key Features 

Super fast conversion speed
Super fast conversion speed provided as it full supports Intel Pentium D Dual-Core Processor and AMD Athlon 64 X 2 Dual-Core Processor which ensures full use of your CPU.
Powerful video and audio settings
Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter allows you to adjust so many settings such as video size, bit rate, frame rate, and so on. and supports preview, zoom and split features for Mobile Phone video conversion.
Trim movie length
Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter can trim the length of any added video files to capture your favorite clips.
Easy to use
Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter has a very easy interface that guides you to convert video to Mobile Phone with just a few intuitive clicks.
View the information of the original files
Joboshare Mobile Phone Video Converter can view the detail information about video codec, video bit rate, frame rate, audio codec, audio bit rate, sample rate etc. of a video file with all file formats.
Multi-language support including Simplified Chinese and English.
Support skins change.
Windows 7 compatible