For some reason people cant download this so go here and download the tracks 

www.triplejunearthed.com/ELRAZOR



From their conception in early 2005, Elrazor has always strived to become a great and powerful live act. Since day one, their focus has been on performing for an audience, rather than slaving away in a studio. Elrazor have quickly become known for their powerful stage presence and ability to command the attention of any crowd. Their belief is that whether there are five people in the crowd, or five hundred, if you are at and Elrazor show, you do three things; bang your head, drink up, and enjoy yourself.

The history of Elrazor is a long story to say the least, but Elrazor has managed to come out on top a stronger, tighter and a more powerful unit. Some members have come and gone, but the current line up is the most prominent and longest serving, consisting of; Pete: Vocals, Danny: Bass, Mark: Guitar and Alex: Drums.

Paying their dues in the Melbourne music scene for nearly five years means that Elrazor have been able to play the majority of live music venues Melbourne has to offer. These include; The Tote, Central Club, Switch, The Arthouse, Roxanne Parlor, The Sandbelt Hotel, DV8, Ruby’s Lounge. Even to the smaller venues such as Vedette, Musicland, Noise Bar and Brunswick Hotel. However, coming up to 2010, Elrazor have decided to expand their reach by booking shows at the Hi-fi Bar as well as interstate shows at the Enigma Bar in Adelaide. 

2010 is shaping up to be the biggest year in Elrazor history, along side interstate shows, Elrazor will finally release their much awaited first ever full length studio album, entitled ‘Doomsday’. Already with a few un-mastered tracks being released to the public, the feedback so far has been incredible. With fans demanding the album’s release, the pressure is on Elrazor to finish up recording and get the album into the hands of their loyal followers. However, true to Elrazor’s style, the amount of opportunities thrown at the band to play can not be passed up, so the fans may have to wait just that little bit longer.

Given their unique blend of Traditional Heavy Metal and Hard Rock, they have been able to share the stage with many different bands, from many different genres, meaning they have been fortunate enough to share the stage with some of Australia’s leading alternative acts, including; Dreadnaught, Pegazus, Medusa, Sons Of Abraham, Nobody’s Fool, Anarcsphere, Barbarion, Vandetta, Internal Nightmare, In Mallice’s Wake and so many more.
Such a unique sound can only come from such unique people. Each member brings their own personal flair to the band, from Pete’s powerful and intense vocals, Danny’s thumping rhythm on bass, to Mark’s blisteringly quick guitar work, and Alex’s groove and over all command of the drums. Different musical backgrounds give the band a wide range of influences, stretching from Jimi Hendrix, Black Sabbath, Black Label Society, Iron Maiden, Pantera, to as far as Slayer, Kreator and Kill Switch Engage.

Elrazor are always eager to please, hence they have incorporated a range of cover songs into their set to allow the crowd to sing along to an old favorite, ensuring they have a good time. Every Elrazor set contains at least one or two of the following cover songs; Ace Of Spades (Motorhead), Cowboys From Hell (Pantera), Stone The Crow (Down), Peace Sells (Megadeth) or For Whom The Bell Tolls (Metallica). Each one is performed in Elrazor’s unique style, still giving the crowd that familiar feel to a classic they love.

Elrazor have always been a band whose emphasis on good times is infectious for the crowd. They create an environment where no matter who you are, what you do, or where you come from, every one is equal, because everyone is there for the same thing; to bang your head, to drink up, and to enjoy yourself. It’s what Elrazor have always done, and will continue to do forever.

Websites:
www.elrazor.net
