vbr -v2


Disc 1:

	
 		
1. Neon Knights	3:51		
	
2. Children Of The Sea	5:33	
	
3. Lady Evil	4:22	
	
4. Heaven And Hell	6:57		
	
5. Wishing Well	4:04		
	
6. Die Young	4:42		
	
7. Walk Away	4:23		
	
8. Lonely Is The Word	5:50	
	


Disc 2:

1. Children Of The Sea (Live)	6:24	
	
2. Heaven And Hell (Live)	7:19	
	
3. Lady Evil (Mono Edit)	3:54	
	
4. Neon Knights (Live)	4:49	£0.69	
	
5. Children Of The Sea (Live)	5:58		
	
6. Heaven And Hell (Live)	12:34	
		
7. Die Young (Live)	4:37	


Closer to heaven?, 3 April 2010
By 	Supertzar - 
(TOP 1000 REVIEWER)  
This review is from: Heaven & Hell (Deluxe Edition) (Audio CD)
A huge return to form - rejuvenated by pint sized wonderthroat Ronnie James Dio exactly as Purple had been by David Coverdale a couple of years earlier. Neon Knights and the title track are classic straightforward Sabbath, Children of the Sea, Die Young and Lonely is the Word married this riff-fest to the drama of Dio era Rainbow beautifully. Iommi's guitar playing takes another step forward here, and his solos throughout are the best of his career. His work on all of the above is almost operatic in scope, drama and fluency.
All together, this was Sabbath's most coherent, consistent and vital album, it showed the so called 'New Wave of British Heavy Metal' up for the spotty bed-wetters they really were.

The 2010 remaster adds 1980 live cuts and a dreadful, unremastered mono version of Lady Evil. The live tracks - Neon Knights, Die Young, two different versions of Children of the Sea and - bizarrely - two copies of the same Heaven and Hell (one faded out five minutes before the end) - all stick far closer to the album arrangement than Live Evil takes. Sadly, as fans commented at the time, Bill's disillusion with the band at this point (the live tracks were mostly recorded 9 days before he quit) is evident in his playing, which is unadventurous, often replacing studio flourishes with straight beat-keeping.

The production on the live songs is very compressed and raw, like an untreated soundboard recording - which the new tracks may in fact be. One version of each of the doubled tracks, however, is taken from a released single. I presume they just couldn't track down the original recordings - which makes me wonder why they didn't replace one of duplicated Heaven and Hells with, say, a live version of Lonely is the Word, criminally dropped from the setlist once Vinnie Appice joined the band.

The sound quality is quieter - and somewhat less punchy - than the 2004 Sanctuary release. You notice it straight away on Neon Knights, which sounds less brutal, full-on and remorseless. Like The Doors remasters, maybe 80s Sabbath doesn't benefit from too much retrospective polishing. In any event, turning up the volume solves most of the problem.

Overall it has to be 5 stars - the music is fantastic, the extras are worth having, the packaging is great and the price excellent. 
