About Babylon

What is Babylon?

Babylon is a powerful dictionary and translation software.

To get translations and dictionary results with Babylon, simply use a preselected mouse button or mouse-keyboard combination and click on any text in any desktop application. The Babylon window opens and displays a translation or definition of the text you selected.

Babylon 8 provides translation of full Web pages, documents (MS Word, PDF, Text, etc.) and whole paragraphs of text to and from 31 languages, all in a single click:

Babylon includes a conversion utility that recognizes different types of numbers and units and converts these values into different currencies, units of measure or time zones.

Babylon also provides audio pronunciation and phonetic symbols to help users hear and pronounce terms correctly.

Babylon includes writing aids, such as cross-translation, conjugations and direct paste, to help users who are not fluent in English compose better texts in English.

Babylon provides a short definition for each suggestion indicated in MS Ofﬁce speller menu. 

Babylon 8 New Features

Babylon 8 maintains the lead with more languages, full Web page and document translation and seamless integration with Microsoft Office speller.
Web page translation

Babylon 8 provides translation of full Web pages.
Babylon will remember the last webpage you visited and offer you a translation of the full webpage to any language you select.
Babylon will automatically offer translation service for the web page you are visiting to the languages of your choice.
Document translation

Text translation has never been easier. Babylon 8 enables the translation of any document from your PC. It is now easy to select a document (MS Word, PDF, text file, etc.) and have Babylon translate it to and from 31 languages, all in a single click.

System Requirements

    * Operating System: Windows 2000/XP/Vista.
    * Web Browser: MS Internet Explorer 6 and later.
    * Macromedia Flash player installed.
    * 128MB free RAM recommended.
    * 50MB of free disk space on hard drive. Installation of dictionaries requires additional disk space (dictionary size varies).
