Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Gutter Ballet is the sixth album produced by the progressive metal band Savatage. This was the second album created under the direction of producer Paul O'Neill and was initially released in 1989.

This album was a true turning point for the band, for after Jon Oliva watched The Phantom of the Opera  in Toronto, he decided to change the sound of the band, from a heavy metal to a more progressive sound, which is reflected in songs such as "When the Crowds are Gone" and "Gutter Ballet". The final three songs ("Mentally Yours", "Summer's Rain", "Thorazine Shuffle") are a conceptual suite dealing with a single character as revealed by the band in interviews.

The original title for the record was Temptation Revelation, but this was changed to Hounds of Zaroff which was a Steve Wacholz suggestion. As late as May 1989, the band was having doubts surrounding the title. At the time, the eventual title track of the album had not been written. The title, "Gutter Ballet" was in fact the title of a play Paul O'Neill had written ten years earlier that would later make-up the majority of the band's next work, Streets. In fact, "Gutter Ballet" was written with just Jon, Criss and Paul in the studio. Jon's drumming skill was competent enough to perform on the track and Jon also provided the bass guitar duties for the track.

On the original cassette and CD releases, "Thorazine Shuffle" was a bonus track.

Had the band originally stuck with the story set-out in Paul O'Neill's original 1979 story, the song "When the Crowds are Gone" would have followed "Streets" track "A Little Too Far".

Two videos from the album entered rotation on MTV, "Gutter Ballet" (filmed at the beginning of 1990 in New York) and "When the Crowds Are Gone". The former track became a staple of Headbanger's Ball and as a result, both Jon Oliva and Chris Caffery were invited to join host Riki Rachtman for an interview in 1990.

Savatage is an American heavy metal band founded by the brothers Jon and Criss Oliva in 1978 at Astro Skate in Tarpon Springs, Florida. The band has been inactive since the release of their last album in 2001, and have not performed live together since 2002, instead concentrating on the more commercially successful side project, Trans-Siberian Orchestra.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/