Deepen your understanding of English as you strengthen the skills you acquired in Levels 1-3. Develop the English conversational skills to interact in the workplace, care for your health and move abroad. Discuss politics and the marketplace. Effectively handle emergencies.

Inside the box, you'll find:

Version 3 Personal Edition CD-ROM software for Levels 4 & 5 (Windows/Mac)
USB Headset with microphone
User’s guide
Audio Companion, a multiple-CD set to play or download to your MP3 player

English (American) Learning Tips

In both written and spoken English some pairs of words are combined into a shorter form, called a contraction. In spoken English, if a contraction exists for a pair of words, the full forms will be used relatively infrequently (mostly for emphasis). For example, the words “it is” are often written and pronounced “it’s.”
You’ll notice that English spelling is irregular, with the same sounds being written in different ways.
Sometimes words may be spelled the same but have different meanings and pronunciations. Rosetta Stone teaches you to distinguish between these words through context.
English nouns have singular and plural forms, but they don’t have masculine or feminine forms.

This solution will help you:
Further develop vocabulary and language abilities, developing a true command of the language
Practice unscripted conversations in English
Retain what you learn
Read and understand English
Share ideas and opinions, express feelings and talk about everyday life
Negotiate complex situations with confidence and accuracy
Sample topics include:

Scheduling and rescheduling appointments
Arranging home repairs
Planning to move abroad
Careers
Conducting interviews
Government and citizenship
Industry terms
Problem-solving and commercial transactions

Requirements for Rosetta Stone User Workstations

Windows (32-bit editions only) 2000, XP or Vista, Mac OS X 10.4 or 10.5
512 MB RAM
1 GHz or faster processor speed
600 MB free hard-drive space (per level)
16-bit sound card
800 x 600 display resolution (1024 x 768 recommended)
Internet or phone connection required for product activation
Speech recognition feature requires a headset microphone (included with purchase)
16X CD-ROM Drive (for installation)
Note for Microsoft® Windows Vista™ users:

Current Rosetta Stone products have been engineered to install and run on the Windows Vista operating system. Some 3rd party components used in Rosetta Stone products have not been certified by Microsoft as ‘Vista Compliant’. Accordingly, you may encounter some Vista-related operating issues. Rosetta Stone technical support may or may not be able to resolve these Vista-related issues. Rosetta Stone hereby disclaims any representations, warranties, guaranties and conditions with respect to the compatibility of the Rosetta Stone products with the Windows Vista operating systems.

Rosetta Stone App 3.4.3A
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5133866/Rosetta_Stone_App_3.4.3A