Heart of Darkness (1993)
Starring Tim Roth and John Malkovich
Directed by Nicolas Roeg
Made for Television
Currently unreleased on DVD
IMDB link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110002/


PLEASE ADD THESE TRACKERS MANUALLY!!! THEY ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE TORRENT, BUT I AM SEEDING ON THEM!!! AS FOLLOWS:



 
http://tracker.publicbt.com/announce
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com/announce
 
http://tracker.prq.to/announce
 
http://pow7.com:80/announce

 
http://torrent-download.to:5869/announce
 
http://tracker.ilibr.org:6969/announce
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce

SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE!!!



While critical and individual opinions vary greatly on this film, I felt the need to make this direct laserdisc-to-digital transfer since it's unreleased on DVD, features two great actors, and adapts a classic story. As mentioned below, this is based on Joseph Conrad's "Heart of Darkness", which also inspired Apocalypse Now. It is important to understand that "Apocalypse" was very loosely based on Heart of Darkness, and this is a far more true to the novella adaptation. However, taken for its own merits, standing as a work of art on its own, you may find something to enjoy here. 

In the absence of a DVD release, this is about as good a copy of this film as you are going to get. I transferred this directly from laserdisc and tweaked the picture for quality during the transfer (boosted the brightness a tad, boosted the saturation quite a bit, and boosted the sharpness a touch as well). Since this is a made-for-television movie, it was not created as a widescreen release, and therefor the aspect ratio is correct and true to the original at 4:3. If anyone is actually interested in the technical specs on the transfer, just post in the commens and I'll be glad to post. 

I hope some folks find something of interest here. As an artist myself, it frustrates me to see any film, regardless of my personal opinion of its quality or merits, falling throught the cracks of a media change (VHS to DVD, DVD to Blu-Ray, etc.). Somebody took the time to make this movie, and everyone should get the chance to view and judge it for themselves. 

From the Laserdisc jacket:
Turn of the Century Africa. Colonial traders driven by greed brave forbidding dangers to exploit the continent's vast treasures. One of these is sea captain Marlow (Tim Roth), who penetrates the depths of the Congo's steaming jungles in pursuit of the mysterious Mr. Kurtz (John Malkovich), deranged chief of a remote trading station. Far from the sanctuary of civilized society, Marlow and Kurtz face each other and the dark truth about man and themselves. Nocolas Roeg directs this acclaimed adaptation of Joseph Conrad's classic tale, the one that inspired Apocalypse Now, of the evil that lurks within the heart of man.
