File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:06:03

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2035 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.30 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"It's All Coming Back to Me Now" is a power ballad, written by Jim Steinman. According to Steinman the song was inspired by Wuthering Heights, and was an attempt to write "the most passionate, romantic song" he could ever create. Meat Loaf has said the song was intended for Bat out of Hell II and given to the singer in 1986, but that they both decided to use "I'd Do Anything for Love (But I Won't Do That)" for Bat II, and save this song for Bat III.

The song has had three major releases, all roughly belonging to the soft rock genre. The first version appeared on the concept album Original Sin, recorded by Pandora's Box. It was then recorded by Céline Dion for her album Falling into You, and her version was a commercial hit, reaching No. 2 in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and No. 3 in the UK Singles Chart. Meat Loaf recorded it as a duet with Norwegian singer Marion Raven for Bat III and released it as a single in 2006.

A music video was produced for each of the three versions; death is a recurring theme in all of these videos, fitting in with the suggestion in Virgin's press release for Original Sin that "in Steinman's songs, the dead come to life and the living are doomed to die." This is particularly evident when the dead characters seem to be resurrected in the memories of the main vocalist. Although in the case of Celine Dion's video, the theme is less about the living being doomed and more about a lost love.

The Sunday Times posits that 'Steinman protects his songs as if they were his children.' Meat Loaf had wanted to record "It's All Coming Back..." for years, but Steinman saw it as a "woman's song." Steinman won a court movement preventing his Bat vocalist from recording it. Céline Dion went on to record it, which upset Meat Loaf because he was going to use it for a planned album with the working title Bat out of Hell III.

The song was the first on Dion's album Falling into You. Steinman produced the track, with Steven Rinkoff and Roy Bittan as co-producers. Bat out of Hell and Meat Loaf collaborators Todd Rundgren, Eric Troyer, Rory Dodd, Glen Burtnick and Kasim Sulton provided backing vocals.

In 2008, "It's All Coming Back to Me Now" was included on Dion's greatest hits compilation My Love: Essential Collection. Live performances can be found in the A New Day... Live in Las Vegas and Taking Chances World Tour: The Concert albums.

Falling into You is an album by Canadian singer Céline Dion, released on March 8, 1996. It is her fourth English-language album and twenty-first overall. Falling into You was well received by critics and fans, winning two Grammy Awards for Best Pop Vocal Album and Album of the Year in 1997, and becoming one of the best-selling albums in history, with sales of over 32 million copies worldwide. It was listed by the National Association of Recording Merchandisers in their Definitive 200 Albums of All Time as the 97th most influential and popular album in history.

Let's Talk About Love / Falling into You / A New Day Has Come 3CD set was released in October 2007. Later, it was repacked and released in a reusable gift box on September 29, 2009, titled The Collection. Also on October 2, 2009 Let's Talk About Love / A New Day Has Come 2CD set was released.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/