Title: Map of the Sounds of Tokyo aka Mapa de los Sonidos de Tokio 
Year: 2009
Country: Spain
Language: Japanese and English (ORIGINAL SOUND)
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 109 min 
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1185376/

Directed by: Isabel Coixet

Starring: Rinko Kikuchi ...  Ryu 
 Sergi López ...  David 
 Min Tanaka ...  Narrador 
 Manabu Oshio ...  Yoshi 
 Takeo Nakahara ...  Nagara 
 Hideo Sakaki ...  Ishida 

 
Synopis: A hired killer makes the mistake of falling for her quarry in this stylish thriller from Spanish writer and director Isabel Coixet. Ryu (Rinko Kikuchi) is a beautiful woman who works in a fish market in Tokyo, but she also leads a secret life as a professional assassin who performs hits for high-paying clients. Ryu is approached by Ishida, an assistant to powerful businessman Mr. Nagara (Takeo Nakahara). Nagara's daughter Midori took her own life after a bad breakup with David (Sergi Lopez), a wine dealer from Spain, and Nagara believes David is responsible; Ishida, who loved Midori from afar, wants David to pay with his life. Ryu approaches David at his shop prepared to kill him, but she's immediately taken with his good looks and charm, and the two spend the night together. Ryu doesn't think she can murder David and tries to call off her assignment, but this turns out to be more difficult than she imagined. Map Of The Sounds Of Tokyo was an official selection at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. (All Movie Guide)


This torrent has subtitle in Spanish.

Subtitle in English for Japanese dialogues: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3632550/map-of-the-sounds-of-tokyo-en

Subtitle in Brazilian Portuguese: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3632571/map-of-the-sounds-of-tokyo-pb


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ
