Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


A live performance by Motley Crue - Girls Girls Girls from the Carnival of Sins Tour.


"Girls, Girls, Girls" is a single by the American band Mötley Crüe. It is the first single from the album of the same name released on May 11, 1987 and peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at #12. It references several strip clubs, including, The Tropicana, The Body Shop (both located on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles), the Dollhouse (Ft. Lauderdale) and the famous Crazy Horse in Paris. Mötley Crüe"s first video of "Girls, Girls, Girls" was banned from MTV due to nudity, it was shot at the Seventh Veil Strip Club in Los Angeles. There was trouble when finding a location because most strip clubs didn't serve alcohol. The dancers were from mainly the Tropicana which was Vince Neil's favourite club and the Seventh Veil. The song (and album) was written during a time when main songwriter Nikki Sixx was addicted to heroin.

Girls, Girls, Girls is the fourth studio album, released on May 15, 1987 by glam metal band Mötley Crüe. The record features a more blues-influenced sound than previous albums and contains the hits "Wild Side" and "Girls, Girls, Girls". The record also reflects the band's hard-living lifestyle, and pays homage to their love of riding fast, large motorcycles, drinking whisky, and spending long nights at strip clubs. There are darker sides to the album as well, notably Nikki Sixx's song "Dancing on Glass", about his addiction to heroin, and "Wild Side", which tells of destructive lifestyles and the pitfalls of decadence. The album peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard charts. On the week it might have reached No. 1, Whitney Houston's second album, Whitney, debuted at the top of the charts. Eventually, the group's 1989's offering Dr. Feelgood would go on to claim the top Billboard spot. Members of the band have stated that if they hadn't managed to write two successful songs that this album would have been the end of their careers. This is because they were all fighting addictions to drugs and alcohol. Controversy surrounded Girls, Girls, Girls' third single, "You're All I Need," which, although a ballad, featured lyrics that detail a lover's grisly murder.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

