Wednesday, February 3, 2010
It’s no secret that Congressional Republicans will be running against some tea party challengers in the upcoming primaries before the 2010 elections. It looks like they’re trying to get into shape by running from the truth. At least President Obama is making that as difficult as possible for them. Obama continues to try and reach out to Republicans.  The President’s strategy is to force the Republicans to make serious compromises or be seen as the obstructionists they are. He’s making it more difficult for them to say “no” when they’re accused of being the party of “no.” The way it stands now, the Republicans won’t get off the pot… and they won’t do the alternative either. They just sit in there and yell “It’s occupied!” every time somebody knocks. 

But it’s not just the President that the Republicans have to run from. They’re running just as frantically from their own pasts, as John McCain so clearly demonstrated during the hearings on the military’s “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell” policy.  Three years ago McCain said he would end DADT if the military leadership recommended that: “The day that the leadership of the military comes to me and says, ‘Senator, we ought to change the policy,’ then I think we ought to consider seriously changing it.” That day is here, Senator. Check your calendar. I just don’t think he suspected that day would fall when he’s in a primary battle against a far-rightwing challenger. So yesterday McCain did a crisp military 180 degree turn and called DADT “imperfect but effective.” Yes, if the effect you want is to cripple the ability of our military to function. Heck, in that sense, DADT is almost perfect. 

For an amusing example of a rightwing pundit running from their own words, check out this link.  After his boss Roger Ailes was called out over Glenn Beck’s incendiary rants about the Obama administration “slaughtering” people, Beck himself denied he had ever said the word “slaughter.” Here’s some advice, Glenn—if somebody accuses you of saying something crazy, chances are you said it. And the tapes prove it. Beck flat out warned his viewers “They are taking you to a place to be slaughtered!” You can imagine how frightening that image is to a bunch of sheep like Glenn Beck’s audience.