Hell's Best Kept Secret by Ray Comfort (Christian Documentary)


Ray Comfort at his very best!!! One of the best christian documentaries ever. The documentary is based on the book written by Ray Comfort having the same name.

Evangelical success is at an all-time low. Why are so many unbelievers turning away from the message of the gospel? Doesn't the Bible tell us how to bring sinners to true repentance? Using lively anecdotes from his own experiences, evangelist Ray Comfort presents the key that unlocks the door of men's souls. If you're experiencing evangelical frustration over lost souls, unrepentant sinners, and backslidden "believers," then look no further. This radical approach could be the missing dimension needed to win our generation to Christ. Discover the secret to leading others to genuine repentance, and make each moment of your life count for the kingdom of God! Learn the principle that Jesus used to reach the lost? Don't let anything stop you from listening to this incredible teaching.

For more information please visit: http://www.livingwaters.com/learn/hellsbestkeptsecret.htm

Runtime: 38 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 2006
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 

About Ray Comfort:
Ray Comfort, a native New Zealander, began his ministry with a burden for his lost friends. After attending the funeral of a fifth friend who had died from a drug overdose, Ray published an eight page pamphlet called "My Friends Are Dying." This pamphlet gained substantial publicity and was later expanded to a paperback book. As a result, Ray received many opportunities to speak to youth about the ultimate answer to the drug problem--Jesus Christ. 
Shortly after this, Ray began praying for an opportunity to share his faith publicly. He soon learned his hometown, Christchurch, had recently legalized public speaking in the local square. Ray began preaching the gospel outdoors, and this became the daily focus of his ministry. 

Ray has written more than 35 books and spoken at almost 700 churches. His ministry has included pastoring a church, hosting a Christian radio program, writing a newspaper column called Words of Comfort, and serving as a regular platform speaker at Southern Baptist State Conferences. 

Ray lives in Bellflower, California, with his wife, Sue, and their three children. 

If financially possible, please buy this CD/DVD to keep Christian films in business. If Christians won't buy Christian films/documentaries then who will? Infact I will say if you come across any ray comfort documentary/film blindly buy it. You won't regret your decision.

Please seed. Let each one of us who call ourself Christians seed 2-3 movies each. So that these movies may become a blessing to all those who are hungry for God's word & grace. May Jesus bless all those who are seeding the christian torrents.

PS: If you need any specific christian movie/documentary or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! 
He has done all he could. 
Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian

