South Park - Season 05

Series: South Park
DVD release: February 22, 2005
Network: Comedy Central
No. of episodes: 14
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit Rate: 130kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------------------------------

S05E01 - It Hits the Fan
When a crime drama on TV airs an episode using the curse word shit uncensored, the town popularizes the word, which causes people to die from the plague.

S05E02 - Cripple Fight
Big Gay Al is fired from being a scoutmaster due to his sexual orientation. Meanwhile, a new handicapped boy named Jimmy becomes Timmy's enemy.

S05E03 - Super Best Friends
A David Blaine cult comes to South Park and it is up to Stan, Jesus and his superhero comrades to save the world.

S05E04 - Scott Tenorman Must Die
Cartman repeatedly tries to take revenge on an older kid who keeps conning him.

S05E05 - Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow
The boys try to reunite Terrance and Phillip who are feuding so they can perform at an Earth Day assembly.

S05E06 - Cartmanland
Kyle develops a terrible hemorrhoid and begins to lose his faith in God when Cartman inherits $1 million which he uses to buy his own amusement park.

S05E07 - Proper Condom Use
The school is forced to teach sex education to the students at a younger age after the boys are found "milking" dogs, leading to a gender war because of incompetent teaching methods.

S05E08 - Towelie
In order to get their video game console back, the boys must bring an animated towel to the government.

S05E09 - Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants
The boys go to Afghanistan to return a goat given as a gift, where Stan and Kyle fight with Afghan kids over America's reputation and Cartman becomes the Bugs Bunny to Osama bin Laden's Elmer Fudd.

S05E10 - How to Eat with Your Butt
Cartman "blows a funny fuse" when his prank of putting Kenny's butt on a milk carton prompts a family with butts for faces to come to South Park in search of their long lost son. Meanwhile, Butters gets grounded for his supposedly bad school photo.

S05E11 - The Entity
Kyle's cousin, a stereotypical nebbishy Jewish boy also named Kyle, comes to stay with him. Meanwhile, Mr. Garrison's anger towards airline service after the September 11th attacks prompts him to create a new means of transportation.

S05E12 - Here Comes the Neighborhood
Tired of being teased for being rich, Token attracts wealthier black families to South Park.

S05E13 - Kenny Dies
Kenny contracts a muscular disease and dies "permanently".

S05E14 - Butters' Very Own Episode
When Butters survives a murder attempt by his mother, he must travel back to South Park in time for his parents' wedding anniversary at Bennigan's. Meanwhile, Butters' parents join Gary Condit, O.J. Simpson, and the Ramseys in lying to the press about who murdered Butters.

---------------------------------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp