LIKE THIS TORRENT? COME TO HTTPS://TORRENTZONE.NET - SECURE TRACKER W/ MORE GAMES, FASTER SPEEDS, AND SSL DOWNLOADS AVAILABLE

Release Notes: While we worked on this release, we noticed that several news webpages, forums, blogs etc. posted information, including a screenshot of a Ubisoft server attack message, which showed our group name. First of all, that picture is a fake, nor would any member of Skid Row cause such riot, as we're only here to compete with our game release competitors, nothing else. Neither do we encourage anyone to take such actions, no matter how much we agree, that DRM's like this one, are only hurting those that do want to buy the game or have bought it. Another point is those news medias, we mentioned before, post anything these days, no matter if it's a joke or not. Beware what you're posting, just because you want to prank someone. This release is an accomplishment of weeks of investigating, experimenting, testing and lots of hard work. We know that there is a server emulator out in the open, which makes the game playable, but when you look at our cracked content, you will know that it can't be compared to that. Our work does not construct any program deviation or any kind of host file paradox solutions. Install game and copy the cracked content, it's that simple. Since we don't want to see cheap imitations, we protected our work with a solid shield. Not because we want to deceive the majority, like certain people out there, but because we have in the past been an open book of knowledge for our competitors.

Real cracking is done by The Leading Force

On with the game release information: Assassin's Creed 2 is the follow-up to the title that became the fastest-selling new IP in video game history. The highly
anticipated title features a new hero, Ezio Auditore da Firenze, a young Italian noble, and a new era, the Renaissance. Assassin's Creed 2 retains the core gameplay experience that made the first opus a resounding success and features new experiences that will surprise and challenge players. Assassin's Creed 2 is an epic story of family, vengeance and conspiracy set in the pristine, yet brutal, backdrop of a Renaissance Italy. Ezio befriends Leonardo da Vinci, takes on Florence's most powerful families and ventures throughout the canals of Venice where he learns to become a master assassin. 

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Run the v1.01 update exe from UPDATE folder on the DVD or let the game auto update by itself
5. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to these locations and overwrite. 32 bit is for both XP, Vista and Win7 editions. 64 bit for Vista and Win7 locations.

32 bit version: C:Program FilesUbisoftUbisoft Game Launcher folder
64 bit version: C:Program Files (x86)UbisoftUbisoft Game Launcher folder

6. Play the game