Title: Quemar las Naves aka Burn the Bridges
Year: 2007
Country: Mexico
Audio: Spanish
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 698 MB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 100 min 
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
IMDB Note: 7.3
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1125914/
Directed by: Francisco Franco Alba
Starring: Irene Azuela ...  Helena 
 Ángel Onésimo Nevares ...  Sebastián 
 Claudette Maillé ...  Eugenia
 Aida López ...  Chayo   
 Juan Carlos Barreto ...  Efraín 
 Bernardo Benítez ...  Juan 
 Ricardo Blume ...  Padre Miguel 
 Diana Bracho ...  Catalina 
 Pablo Bracho ...  Padre Chacón 
 Juan Costa ...  Darío 
 Alberto Estrella ...  Emilio 
 Jose Carlos Fermat ...  Grandote 
 Úrsula Pruneda ...  Madre Margarita 
 Jessica Segura ...  Aurora 
 Ramón Valdés ...  Ismael 


Synopis: Helena (Irene Azuela) and Sebastian (Ángel Onésimo Nevárez) are a teenaged brother and sister who have been reunited at their home while looking after their ailing mother, Eugenia (Claudette Maille). Eugenia has been diagnosed with cancer and doesn't have long to live, and it has fallen to Helena and Sebastian to care for her in her last months, with Helena (who is older) spending her days with her mother while Sebastian goes to school and looks in on Eugenia in the evenings. Helena finds herself strongly attracted to Sebastian, but while he also has feelings for her, he's also drawn to men, most notably roughneck schoolmate Juan (Bernardo Benitez). As the reality of their mother's fate becomes clearer, Helena and Sebastian's confusion about love, mortality and family becomes more acute, and circumstances become even more muddled when they take in a border, Aurora (Jessica Segura), and Sebastian falls in with wealthy Ismael (Ramón Valdes). (Wikipedia)


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE, AND HAS THE MOVIE'S SOUNDTRACK TOO.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                        
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ
