Dual Audio track - View in normal English or select Italian audio track
for those that want this perspective instead as it is valuable to those
of Itlain descent or affinity. All of Europe is certainly concerned with
the meaningful explianation of the story that is being told in this great
movie from Britain. You may switch on Italian subtitles if you wish too,
they are both embedded for this purpose and included in a separate SRT file
also. Grazie

This is a special "pan and scan" format, much more pleasing to view than the
standard narrow format that the movie was made in. It feels like you are
admiring a nicer work of art as it were, when you use our format here instead.

The Remains of the day speaks to a problem in contemporary society that is true
of England, the land where articulation standards seem the most perfect and are
certainly supreme in my own view in fact, compared to any other so far
developed alternatives (if to see such options would have any desirability in
any event, it escapes me for the present moment as to what that might be). The
problem in the picture nonetheless is a serious one, its that of human relating
in an adequate manner so as to preserve valid emotions and in fact a wellness
in the form of being that yield the real best quality of life.

My own political crusade in the area has been an outreach to see that the
values prevalent in related societies in the region especially those of
Germany, France, Italy and Spain, all in particular might yield a better
formula for a better outcome in future endeavors to bring such people into
societies where English is adopted for all its supreme benefits without losing
sight of what remains fundamentally non-dispensable in making the transition
meaningful, worthwhile, desirable and in the end certainly fruitful.

There can never be an equivalent to the contribution that the British have made
to the world in the area of decorum and the trappings of civilized discourse.
We are to never lose these benefits or anarchy is the certain result. that
said, we must retain our full functioning as we come to learn what benefits
there are to be gained, in a manner as to stay within our own sense of what is
again, most meaningful personally, each to his own, that come from such related
cultures (closely) as I make reference to here, and for whom the producers have
provided audio support on the PAL version of the DVD disc.

For most observers, Emma Thompson and Anthony Hopkins remain "the best of
British" in what they are as individuals and in this respect I am glad to see
that it is they that tell the story here.


Michael Rizzo (Chessman)
Please see my movie reviews at moviesbyrizzo.info