Wednesday, March 24, 2010

Today is a story of two polls—two polls that illustrate the two opposite poles occupied by the political parties. On the sane side of the spectrum, the first poll after the signing of healthcare reform shows that Americans think the passage of the reform bill is a good thing.  Jim DeMint had predicted that healthcare reform was going to be Barack Obama’s Waterloo. If this is President Obama’s Waterloo, it’s in the sense of the song “Waterloo” by ABBA—it’s a big hit.  A Gallup/USA Today poll shows 49 percent think the passage of the reform bill is “a good thing,” while only 40 percent think it’s a bad thing. Interestingly, not a single person responded to the poll about the health insurance reform bill by yelling “It’s a baby killer!”

Which brings us to the opposite pole, and a poll with some disturbing numbers. A new Harris poll shows just how crazy Republicans are. Even worse, it shows how crazy Republicans are willing to admit they are!  Here’s just a sample of the insanity: 57 percent of Republicans think that Barack Obama is a Muslim. 67 percent of Republicans think he’s a socialist. Remember, you’re not dealing with the sharpest knives in the drawer here. Sure, 67 percent of Republicans think Obama is a socialist. But I bet almost that many would say yes if you asked them if Obama was a socialite. 38 percent say Obama is doing many of the things that Hitler did. The thing that Hitler did most effectively was to energize the ignorant racists in his country, and this poll shows that Obama is certainly doing that. Most shockingly, 24 percent of Republicans think Obama may be the Anti-Christ. Isn’t that the 7-headed beast in the Book of Revelations? A quick head count should be enough to refute that one. Interestingly 9 percent of college graduates think Obama may be the Anti-Christ. I’m thinking these may be the graduates of Regent University. Man these people are dumb. Bottom line—whatever is in the tea at these Tea Parties, it ain’t gingko biloba. The less education people have, the more likely they are to believe these things—which explains why Republicans are so much against improving education in this country. This all proves that if you keep repeating a lie long enough, people will start to believe it. And evidently you can do the job even quicker if you scream the lie. 