This groundbreaking book explains the "whats" and "how-tos" of metacognitive therapy (MCT), a cutting-edge form of cognitive-behavioral therapy with a growing empirical evidence base. MCT developer Adrian Wells shows that much psychological distress results from how a person responds to negative thoughts and beliefs—for example, by ruminating or worrying—rather than the content of those thoughts. He presents innovative, practical techniques and specific protocols for addressing metacognitive processes to effectively treat generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive–compulsive disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, and major depression. Special features include reproducible treatment plans and assessment and case formulation tools, plus a wealth of illustrative case material.



*************

	
11 of 11 people found the following review helpful:
5.0 out of 5 stars Metacognitive Therapy for Anxiety and Depression, March 18, 2009
By 	I. Care - See all my reviews
This review is from: Metacognitive Therapy for Anxiety and Depression (Hardcover)

I cannot say enough good things about Metacognitive Therapy for Anxiety and Depression. I saw many psychiatrists, psychologists and over 35 years in January 2009 I discovered Metacognitive Therapy and three months later I've reduced my anxiety to normal levels. It's not a miracle, it's a direct benefit of putting together the knowledge from this book and practicing the techniques described. I've contacted my friends with anxiety and/or depression as this is the best resource I've seen to overcome anxious and depressive conditions. 

I was intrigued with the book from page one, "Thoughts don't matter, but your response to them does: as everyone has negative thoughts but not everyone believes their negative thoughts and develops anxiety." I've read the book three times and I've phoned all my friends and family members with anxiety and/or depression to please read this book. 

Metacognitive therapy (MCT) does not question the reality of a person's individual thoughts and beliefs; it focuses on how to change a person's response to the thought. It cuts to the chase of the how to overcome anxious thinking and provides the tools to disengage from intrusive thoughts (called mental events) while providing a step by step method of how to reduce anxiety to normal levels. 

Before reading this book, I thought that my worry kept me safe, protected me from danger and I firmly believed it was impossible for me to stop worrying. I worried all day, everyday and half the night. I was existing, not living. Thanks to MCT I now experience anxious thoughts in metacognitive mode and view the thought as an event in the mind and as such, I do not have to pay attention to it resulting in no more worry! I cannot recommend this book highly enough. I hope that MCT becomes better known in the US (the author is from England) as it has the potential to help millions. 

