I just bought a Playstation 3! Add me now because I only have one friend 'PS-Mbb'

Best BUG ever lol :


Battlefield: Bad Company 2 Limited Edition (c) Electronic Arts  
   
        02/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom + Serial 
              1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action


  Battlefield: Bad Company 2 brings the award-winning Battlefield gameplay to
  the forefront of PC gaming with best-in-class vehicular combat and unexpected
  "Battlefield moments." New vehicles like the ATV and a transport helicopter
  allow for all-new multiplayer tactics on the Battlefield. With the
  Frostbite-enabled Destruction 2.0 system, you can take down entire buildings
  and create your own fire points by blasting holes through cover. You can also
  compete in four-player teams in two squad-only game modes, fighting together
  to unlock exclusive awards and achievements. Battles are set across expansive
  maps, each with a different tactical focus. The game also sees the return of
  the B Company squad in a more mature single-player campaign.


  3. Copy over the cracked content to your install dir.
  4. Play the game.
  5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT! 

Minimum System Requirements
OS: Windows XP
Processor: Core 2 DUO @ 2 GHz 
Memory: 2 GB
Hard Drive: 15 GB for Digital Version, 10 GB for Disc Version 
Video Memory: 256 MB (NVIDIA GeForce 7800GT/ATI X1900) 
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
DirectX: 9.0c
Keyboard and Mouse
DVD Rom Drive

Recommended System Requirements
OS: Windows Vista/7
Processor: Any Quadcore Processor
Memory: 2 GB
Hard Drive: 15 GB for Digital Version, 10 GB for Disc Version
Video Memory: 512 MB (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260) 
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
DirectX: 10
Keyboard and Mouse
DVD Rom Drive


NOTE:

To all the people who cant get mouse working!
Actually read these comments and the solution is right here!

Copy ALL the items in the crack directory including the 2 text files over to the games root directory and that will fix the mouse and control issue. Thats all 4 files!!!
DO NOT COPY OVER THE ‘rld-bbc2′ file as this is your key generator.

Simple as that!!!