Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Tender Is the Night" is a song by Jackson Browne released in 1983 as the second single from his album Lawyers in Love. The song peaked at #25 on the Billboard Hot 100, #18 on the US Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and #24 on the US Adult Contemporary. Unlike the next single, "For a Rocker", it is less rock oriented.

The relationship, if any, of this "Tender Is the Night" to novelist F. Scott Fitzgerald's famous Tender Is the Night, eluded many analysts.

The song's b-side, "On the Day", is the second track on the album.

The music video for the song also included actress Daryl Hannah, whom Browne was in a relationship with at the time.

Lawyers in Love is the seventh album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1983.

The title song was a top-twenty pop hit for Browne, and was accompanied by one of his music videos.

The track "Downtown" was a Browne composition, and should not be confused with the Tony Hatch composition of the same name, "Downtown" (best remembered as a 1965 hit for Petula Clark). In Browne's song, however, he ad libs a line at the end to the melody of the Hatch/Clark "Downtown" at the close of the song.

Clyde Jackson Browne (born October 9, 1948 in Heidelberg, Germany) is an American rock singer-songwriter and musician. His political interest and personal angst have been central to his career, resulting in popular songs such as "Somebody's Baby", "These Days", "The Pretender" and "Running On Empty". In 2004, Browne was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by his friend Bruce Springsteen. The same year, Browne received an honorary Doctorate of Music from Los Angeles' Occidental College for "a remarkable musical career that has successfully combined an intensely personal artistry with a broader vision of social change and justice".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

