LORD OF WAR DVDrip


VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x272[wide screen]
runtime 121:35mins
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

Cast

    * Nicolas Cage – Yuri Orlov
    * Bridget Moynahan – Ava Fontaine Orlov
    * Jared Leto – Vitaly Orlov
    * Ethan Hawke – Jack Valentine
    * Eamonn Walker – André Baptiste Sr.
    * Ian Holm – Simeon Weisz
    * Sammi Rotibi – André Baptiste Jr.
    * Yevgeni Lazarev – Gen. Dmitri Orlov
Plot

The film begins with Yuri Orlov, a Ukrainian-American gunrunner, (Nicolas Cage) standing in a sea of spent shell casings. The rest of the movie is told in flashback, starting in 1982 and ending in the completion of the opening scene.

Through voice-over, Orlov describes the beginnings of his career. After he sees a Russian mobster kill two would-be assassins, he decides to fulfill a necessity by providing guns. He partners up with his brother Vitaly Orlov (Jared Leto). Yuri's first break comes during the 1982 Lebanon War, when he sells guns to all sides of the conflict.

As his business grows, Yuri (through voiceover) tells of his first incident with Jack Valentine (Ethan Hawke), an Interpol agent who cannot be bought with money. Yuri avoids arrest when he changes his boat's name from the Kristol to the Kono and confuses Valentine.

During a business deal with a Colombian drug lord, Yuri is paid in cocaine instead of cash. The contact refuses to pay him anything else and Yuri is forced to accept it. Vitaly and he both get high, but Vitaly becomes addicted, and Yuri checks him into a rehabilitation center. From that point onward, he conducts his arms business alone. Soon after this incident, he courts and marries model Ava Fontaine (Bridget Moynahan) and they have a child named Nikolai.

Yuri gets his second break after the Soviet Union dissolves. Yuri rushes to Ukraine after watching Mikhail Gorbachev's Christmas Day 1991 speech of resignation on television. He begins buying tanks and other weapons to expand his operations.

One day, Valentine reveals to Ava that Yuri is an arms dealer. Ava convinces him to stop dealing and he complies for a short while. He is lured back in when his old friend, the dictator of Liberia (Andre Baptiste), approaches him and offers him more money. Yuri brings Vitaly along due to nervousness. During the transaction, Vitaly sees a group of villagers beat a woman and her child to death and tries to convince Yuri to stop the transaction. When Yuri refuses, Vitaly takes a grenade and blows up half the gun shipment. A few nearby soldiers immediately kill Vitaly.

Back at home, Valentine follows Ava as she finds Yuri's security container. She and Yuri's parents disown him, and Valentine arrests him. However, Yuri tells Valentine that his superiors at Interpol will not allow him to be arrested, as he has positioned himself as a "necessary evil", who is able to distribute weapons when first-world governments do not want to become directly involved. This proves to be true, and Yuri is released to return to his business. A brief postscript notes that the five largest arms exporters – the United States, the United Kingdom, Russia, France, and China – are also the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0399295/


PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS