EA SPORTS MMA XBOX360 CCCLX
10/18/2010
 
REGION FREE! go crazy.
  
http://www.ebgames.com/Catalog/ProductDetails.aspx?product_id=76305
 
EA SPORTS MMA brings the authenticity of the worldÆs most intense combat sport home like never before. Choose from the worldÆs top fighters or climb the ranks of the worldwide circuit with your created prodigy to become the ultimate MMA champion. Travel the globe and learn a multitude of fighting techniques and skills from masters in each discipline. Select from various weight classes, rule sets, and take on all challengers in multiple cage types or a ring. The challenge continues online with the most robust offering for any MMA videogame, including the ability to create and share custom fighters, prize fights, and more. Are you ready? LetÆs get it on!


Synopsis:

You walk into the cage and the floor pulses with the energy of the arena. Sweat drips down your brow as you step out to the center. The bell rings and the match begins. While sizing up your opponent, you find the weakness you’ve been searching for. A hook comes from your left and you dodge at the last possible moment. You feel a breeze as his fist barely misses your nose, and you counter with a devastating right uppercut — striking him squarely in the jaw. His head jerks back in a violent motion, spraying sweat into the air before he falls backward to the mat. While you prepare to make your opponent submit, the referee calls it a knockout and the crowd erupts. This is the world of mixed martial arts — are you ready to fight?

Get ready for the raw intensity of mixed martial arts with EA SPORTS MMA. Step into the cage and punch, kick and grapple with the world’s top fighters in the sport while employing a variety of fighting styles from around the globe. Select from various weight classes, rule sets and take on all challengers in multiple cage types or a ring. Continue the challenge online with the ability to create and share custom fighters, prize fights and more. Master takedowns, unique submission moves and more to dominate your opponents in the cage and rise through the ranks to become the top MMA fighter. There’s one way to know you’ve really made it big — hear the biggest name in refereeing announce your name. You’ll encounter everyone’s favorite black-belt ref for yourself and bring larger-than-life personality into your game when you unlock Big John McCarthy. And that means only one thing — it’s time to “Get it On.”


Features:

Punch, kick and grapple using a vast array of fighting styles from around the globe 
Master parrying, slipping, countering and dodging to oppress your opponents 
Pit your skills against massive opponents in a ring or a hexagonal or circular cage 
Grapple in lifelike environments filled with ring girls and corner men 
Bring everyone’s favorite large-and-in-charge personality into the cage when you unlock the best referee in the business, Big John McCarthy 
Get introduced by ring announcer Jimmy Lennon Jr. while MMA legends Frank Shamrock and Mauro Ranallo call the action 
Take the offensive with Total Strike Control, an intuitive control system for striking, elbows, knees and kicks 
Fight opponents who intuitively and strategically manage their advances or counters to secure the desired outcome 
Compete in the most established gyms across Japan, Brazil, Thailand and the United States to learn new skills and techniques in career mode 
Rise a created fighter up through the ranks to make one of biggest stages in mixed martial arts — Strikeforce 
Create a unique, personalized roster of fighters with Photo Game Face For 1 to 2 players 


ENJOY!