This will get your feet tapping.   In fact it is a thigh slapping romp around
 some of the Worlds best known musical tunes.   YOU WILL BE
 SHAKEN AND STIRRED by this, even if you have never listened to 
classical music before, trust me this is worth the effort to download. 
   As always, tagged and good to go, for import into the Video 
Discotheque software of your choice.    

PLEASE LOOK AT THE TORRENT FILES FOR TRACK LISTINGS!!!!


This from the Wilki:


The John Wilson Orchestra has been acclaimed for showing how 
"authentic period performance" extends to screen musicals.

In an interview with Rebecca Franks for the BBC Music Magazine prior
 to the 2010 Proms season John Wilson explained how the specific 
make-up of the orchestra reflects this purpose. He also highlighted the
 need for the best quality musicians:

 "The orchestra’s been together a good 15 years and its make-up is 
very specific. It’s modelled on the old contract movie orchestras in 
America. And that's basically the combination of a dance-band brass
, rhythm and saxophone section, so four trumpets, four trombones, 
five saxes who all double, and a rhythm section, who are all very 
specific specialists in this style. And then on top of that you have a 
woodwind and French horn section.

But I think the key thing is getting the right string players. It has to be a 
very high octane, high gloss, soloist sort of player. The string sound 
isn’t blended down, it’s blended up. You play up to the best. It’s a very
 in-your-face, expensive sort of string sound and it takes a lot of playing.

You have to have the best players, but we're spoilt in this country for terrific orchestral performers."

British Prom Concerts

Two of the Prom Concerts, from the celebrated annual summer series 
in London's Royal Albert Hall, established the unique role of the John 
Wilson Orchestra in reviving original arrangements of classic film and 
theatre musicals.

John Wilson is the man whose keen ears have reconstructed 
orchestrations thought lost to us for good and whose amazing 
orchestra has been custom made to deliver the kind of playing that 
takes you way beyond make-believe. "Technicolour for the ears?" You’d 
better believe it.

Both Proms were recorded and broadcast by BBC Television.

This one is an edited version of A Celebration of Rodgers and 
Hammerstein.

In 2010, the John Wilson Orchestra returned to the Royal Albert Hall for 
an evening featuring John Wilson's painstakingly recreated 
arrangements of Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals. In interview,
 John Wilson explained that "every single piece has been newly 
originated, edited and reconstructed. At least a third of the music we
 had to put together from scratch."

This project grew out of an invitation by Proms controller Roger Wright 
for John Wilson to do a concert commemorating the 50th anniversary of 
lyricist Oscar Hammerstein's death. As the John Wilson Orchestra 
specialises in film music, Wilson decided to revive the original film 
orchestrations.

Most of what we’re doing hasn’t been played in concert since the 
original film recording sessions. We’re doing the film versions of The
 King and I, South Pacific, Oklahoma, Flower Drum Song, Carousel, 
The Sound of Music – mainly this time the films were produced by 20th
 Century Fox, not MGM, but it’s that same sumptuous, expensive sound,
 which is perfect for the Royal Albert Hall.

The choir was the Maida Vale Singers and the world-class international
 soloists from opera and musical theatre included Julian Ovenden, 
Sierra Boggess, Kim Criswell, Anna-Jane Casey and Rod Gilfry.

Arrangers of original film versions

As in the MGM film musicals Prom, this concert featured John Wilson's
reconstructions of the following arrangers' original film score versions: 
Robert Russell Bennett, Adolph Deutsch, Edward B. Powell, Gus 
Levene, Bernard Mayers, Pete King, Irwin Kostal and Herbert W.
Spencer.

ENJOY!  
