POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at

POtHS - Prophecies - Part 27 - PPSimmons 77 Amazing Prophecy Video's

PPSimmons produces these outstanding video's on Current Prophesies fulfilled and yet to be fulfilled. You can find these video's at http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org/. Do you think Obama is in Prophecy? He sure does. But the Bible says we win. 77 Videos here.

These are outstanding, but as usual I don't agree with all they say. They try to explain away UFO's and Aliens. They say The "Greys" are Demons. That is very probable. The UFO community nows calls them synthetics. Sounds like Satan attempt at Creation. The Kabbalah speaks of this very thing. They also say that space travel is not possible because of the great distances between habitable planets, so UFO's do not exist. Well bunk on that!!! I personally have seen quite a few. I do not think they travel between planets but inter-dimensionally within our solar system. Other than that I pretty much think these "GUYS ARE RIGHT ON"

Rapture

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,

Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so we shall always be with the Lord.


Many thanks to all the Film Makers that brought these facts to life.

The World Governments that are run by The Banksters, that are empowered by Lucifer, are The True Terrorists, only The Final Showdown between Lucifer and Jesus will save Mankind. We know who wins the Battle, The Creator of The Universe, of course!!!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 
 
http://www.projectcamelot.org 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father.  

Ephesians 5:11[/size]

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   