After making a pact with the Devil in 1992, Infernus founded Gorgoroth, an early Norwegian black metal band whose contemporaries included Darkthrone, Mayhem, Immortal, Burzum and Emperor. Gorgoroth has released albums on labels such as Nuclear Blast, Century Media, Season of Mist and Malicious Records, and is now signed to Regain Records. Gorgoroth has toured extensively abroad, and the line-up has been subject to several changes - about 25 different musicians have been involved with the band since its inception, with Infernus being the only remaining member of the band's original line-up.

After Gorgoroth's controversial gig in Poland in February 2004, massive media attention led to an increase in both notoriety and record sales for the already infamous band. The band also signed a record deal with Regain in the aftermath of this incident. Gorgoroth at present consists of Infernus and Tormentor on guitars, Pest on vocals, Tomas Asklund on drums, and Bøddel on bass. The band has now finished the recording of the next full-length album, "Quantos Possunt ad Satanitatem Trahunt", which will be released by Regain Records in Europe on October 21 and in the US on November 11, 2009.

Current line-up 
Pest (Thomas Kronenes) - Vocals (1995-1997, 2008-) (Blood Stained Dusk, Obtained Enslavement, Octagon (US))
Infernus (Roger Tiegs) - Guitars (also occasional Bass, Drums and Vocals) (1992-) (Borknagar, Desekrator, Norwegian Evil, Orcustus)
Tormentor (Bjørn "Bøllo" Heyerdahl) - Guitars (also occasional Bass and Drums) (1996-2002, 2008-) (Desekrator, Gaahlskagg, Norwegian Evil, Orcustus)
Bøddel (Frank Watkins) - Bass (2007-) (Hellwitch, Obituary, The Henchmen)
Tomas Asklund - Drums (2007-) (Dark Funeral, Dawn (Swe), Dissection (Swe), Infernal (Swe), Necromicon)

Genre = Black Metal
Format = Mp3
Bit Rate = 192 kbps

Track Listing
1. Aneuthanasia  
2. Prayer 
3. Rebirth  
4. Building a Man  
5. New Breed  
6. Cleansing Fire  
7. Human Sacrifice 
8. Satan-Prometheus 
9. Introibo ad Alatare Satanas 
