Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo.


"Born to Raise Hell" is a song by the heavy metal band Motörhead. Originally written by Lemmy for the German band Skew Siskin, it plays over the opening credits of the film Airheads.

The song was released as a single in 1994, featuring Lemmy, Ice T and Whitfield Crane. The single features a 'Radio Edit', the original Bastards album version and a 'Dust Brothers Live and Funky Mix'. A special 12" vinyl picture disc pressing was made, using the same picture as the CD single release.

This version was recorded in addition to the previous recordings of "Hellraiser" and "Hell on Earth", as a last minute job to play over the end credits of the Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth film, although it didn't appear on the film's original soundtrack album.

Motörhead are a British rock band formed in 1975 by bassist, singer and songwriter Lemmy, who has remained the sole constant member. The band was part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal, which re-energized heavy metal in the late '70s and early '80s. Usually a power trio, Motörhead had particular success in the early 1980s with several successful singles in the UK Top 40 chart. The albums Overkill, Bomber, Ace of Spades, and, particularly, No Sleep 'til Hammersmith cemented Motörhead's reputation as one of Britain's foremost rock bands.

While Motörhead are typically classified as heavy metal, speed metal or thrash metal (and often regarded as a foundational influence on the latter two styles), Lemmy dislikes such labels, preferring to describe the band's music simply as "rock n' roll". Motörhead's approach has remained the same over the band's career, preferring to play what they enjoy and do best; their appreciation of early rock and roll is reflected in some of their occasional cover songs. Motörhead's lyrics typically cover such topics as war, good versus evil, abuse of power, promiscuous sex, substance abuse, and "life on the road". The band's distinctive fanged-face logo, with its oversized boar's horns, chains, and spikes, was created by artist Joe Petagno in 1977 for the cover of the Motörhead album and has appeared in many variations on covers of ensuing albums. The fanged face has been referred to variously as "War-Pig" and "Snaggletooth". The band is ranked number 26 on VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

