Description



Debbie Duz Dishes Again [XXXDVDRIp]


Description Starring: Bree Olsen, Faye Reagan, Sara Stone, Nicole Ray, Riley Evans

When Bree and her galpals move into a new house, they never expected to meet crazy neighbors, a sex toy salesman, a lesbian plumber and a gaggle of horny ghosts! Based on the 1986 original, this remake features a great balance between sex, story and comedy – making it a great couples-friendly option.
As a special bonus, this 2-disc set includes the award-winning original Debbie Duz Dishes with Nina Hartley as Debbie for the first time ever on DVD. Debbie Duz Dishes was one of the most popular adult movies in the 1980s, and now you can discover for yourself why adult movie fans still love this classic! We re-mastered the footage and sound for this collector’s set so you can catch every sexy detail!
After watching the original Debbie Duz Dishes, you can check out Bree’s version again to catch cameo appearances by both Nina (in a non-sex role) and Mike Horner as he shows off a few new tricks with Bree in scene #5. 2 disc set. 5 scenes, plus 1 bonus sex scene and bonus movie. 172 minutes, plus 74 bonus minutes. Original Debbie Duz Dishes runs an extra 82 minutes.

#Scene 1: Door-to-door salesman Evan Stone drops by to visit the girls with his collection of sex toys! Evan gives Riley Evans a first-hand demonstration with the super-powered Magic Wand vibrator – getting her pussy super wet before she jumps on his raging boner for tit-bouncing reverse cowgirl!

#Scene 2: Bree tips the moving guys – bending over backward for doggy with Eric Swiss while blowing Kris Slater until the guys swap places and keep pumping away!

#Scene 3: When the sink gets all stopped up, the girls call sexy plumber Faye Regan. And after cleaning up the pipes, freckled redhead Faye uses her tongue to lick Nicole Ray’s hairy pussy and ass ‘til both are squeaky clean too!

#Scene 4: Naturally busty brunette Sara Stone plays ghost hunter with Tommy Gunn and strips down for a sexy séance! After spitting on his pole for a sloppy boobjob, Sara spins around and mounts his pole for an amazingly-bouncy reverse cowgirl ride before spooning!

#Scene 5: Bree plays all innocent and sweet to seduce the legendary Mike Horner, calling him her dirty old man! After worshiping her young tits and perky bottom, Mike bends her over for some intense, tit-swinging doggy and fingers her ass as she shakes her behind!
Adam and Eve recommends this adult movie for fans of Bree Olson and the original Debbie Duz Dishes as well as couples interested in adult movie features.

This adult movie includes the following content: 1 group sex scene, 1 all-girl sex scene and 1 scene with sex toys.
