The Prophecies (1)

Part one of this two-parter features Jack travelling to Marie-Mere in France on the trail of a cursed tome, Lucifer's Bible. The town is a holy site, with a fountain that cures the sick and dying. However, a priest of Satan, Asteroth, has the Bible and is using it to fulfill a series of prophecies that will culminate with the arrival of Satan on Earth. Meanwhile, Ryan is re-united with his mother, and the two deal with the death of his brother years ago over which Ryan is still guilty. The episode ends with Jack knocked through a window and put into a coma after a confrontation with Asteroth. 

 The Prophecies (2)

Micki and Ryan get word of Jack's injury at the end of the preceding episode. They travel to Marie-Mere with Johnny Ventura to investigate and try to recover Lucifer's Bible. Asteroth uses the Bible to take control of Ryan, who must then kill an innocent child to fulfill the final prophecy that signifies Satan's arrival upon Earth. Ultimately, Jack recovers and he, Micki and Johnny manage to thwart Asteroth. However, the ritual turns Ryan into a 10-year old permanently. He leaves with his mother, and Johnny takes his place. 

 Demon Hunter

A close-knit family, the Cassidys, had a daughter who was kidnapped by a cult of demon worshippers, and track the demon to a secret cavern beneath Curious Goods that the cult uses for its rituals. 


 Crippled Inside

Fleeing fraternity boys who plan to gang-rape her, a figure skater is hit by a car and crippled. However, a mysterious old man sells her an antique wheelchair at a garage sale. The wheelchair is one of the cursed items, and allows the girl to use it to kill her victimizers and regain the use of a bit of her body with each death. Micki and Jack are out of town trying to recover an antique, so Johnny must deal with the matter on his own. He initially leaves the girl with the wheelchair out of pity, but she continues to kill. Ultimately, the girl is killed, and Johnny recovers the chair.