File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Dirty Picture" is a single by Taio Cruz. It was released as the third single from his album Rokstarr. The song features guest vocals by Kesha. It was physically released on May 3, 2010 in the UK.

The music video for "Dirty Picture" was shot partly in east London on 26 February 2010. The pair filmed the remaining club scenes in Los Angeles the week beginning 1 March 2010. The video premiered on MySpace UK on April 2, 2010. Taio Cruz said of the video:

    It was shot in this really cool basement in LA. We wanted it to look like a party scene, but not in a typical club, and it was really good fun. Ke$ha's shots were recorded in London because our schedules were all over the place, and then I shot the rest in LA.
    —Cruz, 

In the video, Taio Cruz starts driving a car through the desert and then stops and gets out. It then skips to the "basement" where a bunch of people are having a party. He sings the "take a dirty picture" verse & then Kesha sings her verse standing on a toilet in a white bathroom with graffiti on the walls. Cruz sings the next verse & Kesha's second verse is sung with her laying on a metal bench. In the dirty version of the video, a woman pole dancing is seen topless just before Kesha's second verse.

Reviews for "Dirty Picture" were positive. The BBC said that it was "the kind of track Sugababes should be patching up their every difference ever for." In a negative review of Rokstarr, Caroline Sullivan of The Guardian  reacted positively to the song, "[...] facelessness is a problem Cruz rarely surmounts. An exception is 'Dirty Picture', where he saves the day with British humour by impersonating a camera ("Snap, snap, click!")."

DigitalSpy gave the song 3 out of 5 stars, saying that Ke$ha had "enough gusto for the pair of them" and suggesting that "[i]t [was] a bit of a shame, therefore, that it's not her version of the song - available on her album - being released."

Cruz wrote the track with Lady Gaga in mind for the guest vocals, but opted for Kesha after a recommendation from Dr. Luke. Cruz described the creation of the song in an interview,

    I wanted something dancey and electro, which is what I'm into at the moment. I worked with [producer] Fraser T. Smith on the backing track and then one day the hook just came to me. I was mumbling stuff to myself and it just came out: 'Can I take a dirty picture?' I thought it sounded really cool, so I wrote the song around that.
    —Cruz, 

For the UK release of Ke$ha's Animal, an alternate version of the song, entitled "Dirty Picture Pt. 2" is included, where Ke$ha replaces Cruz on the first verse. The official remix features Fabolous and will be on the American version Rokstarr as a bonus track. A clean version of the song also exists where references to 'Send a dirty picture' is replaced with 'Won't you take a picture' and Ke$ha's line "Take a dirty picture" is replaced with "Take a, take a p-picture".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/