RELEASE DATE : 23-09-2010              PROTECTION : Steam
GAME TYPE    : Action                  DISKS      : 1 DVD

On with the game release information:

Alien Breed 2: Assault is the second chapter in the Alien
Breed series, and is an explosive science fiction
arcade-shooter with an epic story, swarms of highly
intelligent alien enemies, high-impact weaponry, highly
detailed and rich environments, developed using Epic Games'
Unreal Engine 3. Take control of the hero, Conrad, the ship's
Chief Engineer, and continue your fight for survival across
the fatally damaged space vessel, against a ruthless assault
by an alien horde. Your only hope relies on reigniting the
alien space craft's monstrous engines to rescue you from
impending annihilation. Deep inside the bowels of the
unfamiliar craft, and with time rapidly running out, ready
your weapons and begin to claw your way through the darkness
in a fight for survival. But you are not alone. The ship is
home to the carnivorous alien horde and something else ...
something yet to reveal its true intentions ... something
biding its time. In addition to the thrilling single-player
campaign and all new survivor modes, the game also offers
relentless, action-packed, two-player online co-operative
battle modes.

Survive the assault - An action-packed mix of arcade-shooter,
survival-horror and tactical weapons upgrades and
customisation.

NEW - set pieces - fight the breed through the new vertical
climb section and the mounted gun battle.

NEW - fight the alien horde with new hardened armour and new
weaponry: Hyper Blaster - a destructive chain-gun. Rocket
Launcher - blow the horde away.

NEW - take on new alien enemies - the "webber" alien and
endure dramatic encounters with new shocking bosses.

Epic single-player story mode - The single-player campaign
mode that follows the narrative of the game through five
huge and challenging environments.

NEW - single-player "survivor" mode: - Resist endless waves of
intense alien horde attacks in three specifically designed
arena environments.

Single-player free-play mode - A single-player challenge mode
- beat your high score on a previously completed campaign
mission.

Two-player co-operative play mode - Work together to defeat
the alien horde across three specially customised assault maps
for two players, over Steam.

NEW - two-player co-operative "survivor" mode - Join forces
and try to survive three specifically designed arena
environments, over Steam. Get competitive and challenge others
to beat your survivor abilities on the extensive
Leader-boards.

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Additional Notes:

We included a Language Selector Launcher with the cracked
content. Be sure to run the game at least one time, if you
want to use our Language Selector Launcher to choose another
language than english.

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy