Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Manos al Aire" (English: "Hands in the Air") is the lead single from Nelly Furtado's upcoming Spanish album Mi Plan.

The videoclip for "Manos Al Aire" premiered on July 29th on the MTV show It's On with Alexa Chung, it was filmed in Toronto, Canada.

Driving down the street in her jeep, the viewer soon realizes that Nelly is not involved in a real war, but rather one of the heart. As the video progresses, it has a dramatic turn of events and an analogy of images where Nelly tosses away her "emotional" weapons, and personal belongings, as she proceeds to get off the vehicle and walk down the street, slowly getting rid of all her protective gear, wallet, purse, clothes… in essence, her ego. Completely vulnerable and almost stripped to the bare, Nelly reaches her boyfriend's front door, who opens and greets her with the same open, clean and defenseless attitude.

The song is sung from the first person perspective to a lover. The lover is controlling and does not listen. The lover demands subservience, telling the singer that this is the reality of love. The singer, who is not happy with the way their relationship is, longs for 'yesterday' - when it is assumed their love was good - but things do not change. The chorus translates to "I do not have the strength to fight you (lit: I do not have the weapons to combat you), so i throw my hands, my hands into the air, loving you is the only thing that matters to me, in body and in soul, like it used to be." In this song, throwing one's hands in the air is an act of giving up and see what happens next, as if it is to work out or not in the end.

It was released to worldwide radio on June 29, 2009, with digital and mobile retail availability to follow the next day, which is June 30, 2009. A sneak preview of the song was released on Universal Music Latino website.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

