Final Crisis Aftermath is a DC Comics group of tie-ins to the Final Crisis.  There are four sets of six issue limited edition comics, that follows the fall out from the events of the Final Crisis.  

Final Crisis Aftermath - Run!

Following the events of Salvation Run and Final Crisis, the reprocussions of killing the Martian Manhunter and flaunting a cell phone pic of the event, are going to come home to the Human Flame.  With an upgraded suit we find Michael Miller, running from the Justice League and the Mafia.  Later his body is augmented with cybernetic enhancements turning him into more of a monster than man.  Will anyone be able to stop him??  No.

Final Crisis Aftermath - Escape

We find Nemesis aka Tom Tresser kidnapped and hopelessley lost in a hallucination/perversion of reality called Electric City, where time and space are never on your side.  If Tom ever hopes to leave he must overcome mind bending challenges to unlock the secrets of Electric City and regain his sanity.  *Note: This book will make your head spin with its confusion.  I thought this was a real big waste of time.

Final Crisis Aftermath - Dance

In Japan the Super Young Team are riding the wave of popularity given to them for their roles in the events of Final Crisis.  Merchandising, networking, investors, and talk shows.  All part of a honorary heroes life in Japan.  Or is it?  Shadow figures pull puppet strings from a distance and orchestrate a series of events to keep the Super Young Team in check and distracted, while more sinister plans are executed behind their backs.  Throughout breakups and reunions the team must stay strong to save their country and the world.

Final Crisis Aftermath - Ink

Mark Richards aka Tattooed Man is a well-known long time enemy of Green Lantern, a member of the Society, and an ex-marine with a grudge.  During the events of Final Crisis he saved many lives and vowed never to use his powers for evil again.  This made him a honorary member of the JLA.  Now he has returned to his hometown of Libertyhill and begins cleaning up the streets as the city's new protector.



(All issues are minutement scans of the highest quality and ad free, enjoy!)