File Info:


Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:14

[Video]
Resolution : 640x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 3691 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.55 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Pretty Girl Rock" is an R&B song performed by American singer Keri Hilson. It serves as the second single from her upcoming second studio album, No Boys Allowed. It was released digitally in the United States on October 12, 2010.

The music video for "Pretty Girl Rock" was directed by Joseph Kahn. In the video it shows Hilson portraying an array of historic black women. She takes on the roles of Josephine Baker, Dorothy Dandridge, Diana Ross as a member of The Supremes, Donna Summer, Janet Jackson, and T-Boz as a member of TLC. It premiered on November 11, 2010 on BET's 106 & Park.

"Pretty Girl Rock" was produced by Ne-Yo and Chuck Harmony. The song is about uniting women over their shared beauty rather than the jealousy that drives them apart. Hilson explained "It’s not meant to be a vain record. I want everybody to feel like they can do the Pretty Girl Rock. It’s like the hair brush in the mirror, don’t hate me cause I’m beautiful, cause you are. Everybody is beautiful. I want everyone to be able to sing that record."

No Boys Allowed is the upcoming second studio album by American singer-songwriter Keri Hilson, due to be released on December 21, 2010 through Mosley Music and Zone 4 Records. On the album Hilson is reunited with Timbaland and Polow da Don who are executively producing the album, as they did with her debut release. Soul singer John Legend has cowritten a song for the album meanwhile Tank, Chris Brown, Rick Ross and Lil Kim will all have featured guest vocals.

Two singles preceded the album including the lead single "Breaking Point", produced by Timbaland, and its follow up, the Ne-Yo and Chuck Harmony-produced "Pretty Girl Rock". The former peaked at number forty-four on the U.S. Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart while the latter is currently impacting on the chart at number seventy-six. A mini-movie for a third song, "The Way You Love Me", is being created and expected to be released as the third single.

The Timbaland-produced "Breaking Point" was released as the album's lead single in the United States on September 7, 2010. It peaked at forty four on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The single's music video was directed by Bryan Barber and shot in her hometown of Atlanta. On September 22, 2010, an unfinished version of the video was leaked onto the internet. The official final edit of the video premiered on October 4, 2010 on BET's 106 and Park. "Pretty Girl Rock" was released as the second single on October 12, 2010. It has reached a current peak of seventy-six on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The Joseph Kahn-directed video for the single premiered on November 11, 2010 on BET's 106 & Park. "The Way You Love Me" has confirmed to be the third single released from the album. It was produced by Polow Da Don and features guest vocals from Rick Ross. Hilson has also completed a video for the track which features cameo appearances by Ross, JoJo, Lloyd, Faith Evans and Columbus Short.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/