This IS NOT a private server client. 

The torrent has the .rar folder with the game (updated 11/18/2010), 
no need to install, just extract and create a shortcut for the "Updater.exe".

NOTE: Required game updates will be installed from the Shaiya Updater screen automatically.

"Shaiya, is it an anime?" Some of you might ask and the answer is no. Shaiya is a free MMORPG that features an on going war between light and darkness. It is however rated as an adult MMORPG due to its graphic violence as well as nudity in some creatures.

There used to be only one goddess which was Goddess Etain but her soul was torn into two. So other Gods tried to take over Teos, the world which Goddess Etain created and now there are two goddesses. You get to choose which side you want to help; light or dark. Unfortunately you cannot help both sides at the same time and if you want to transfer to another side, you will have to delete all your characters from the existing side first.....and start from scratch. There is no such thing as a grey side.

There are four races in total; humans, elves, vails and deatheaters (formerly known as Nordein). The light realm consists of humans and elves which is also known as Alliance Of Light and the other two form the Union Of Fury. Jobs however, are limited to their classes/races. For example, a human can only choose between a fighter, defender or a priest. You will not get other job options that other classes have e.g. ranger, mage and archer for elves.

You would be required to reach a certain level though before you can unlock the hard and ultimate mode. I would say that this is a good gameplay system as it motivates people to play and thus, can be quite addictive.

There are also many gameplay options that you can do such as PVE, PVP or party with others. PVE means that you fight against the environment while PVP means that you duel with another player. It is basically up to you to do what you want. You can even have mountable pets to enable traveling easier. It is good in the sense that it is saves time unlike some games which is time consuming and eats up a lot of your time by traveling.

The maps in this game are large so you get to explore around and view different types of environment. It is satisfying to find an all new place especially if you cannot afford any type of transport. The bad thing is that you can only do this if your character is strong enough as different maps have different difficulty level and if you have only started, you are basically stuck to the same map for a long time... unless you are feeling suicidal."

Review taken from ...somewhere on the internet.

