..:: P.R.O.U.D.L.Y...P.R.E.S.E.N.T.S ::..               
                                                                         
                    BinarySense HDD Temperature v4.0.22                  
                                                                         
                                                                         
      SUPPLiER..: TEAM ROGUE        REL-DATE....: 28/11/2009             
                                                                         
      CRACKER...: TEAM ROGUE        TYPE........: Keygen                 
                                                                       
     SiZE......: 01x5.00MB         PROTECTiON..: Armadillo             
                                                                       
     URL.......: http://www.hddtemp.com                                
                                                                     
                                                                    
                                               
                                 
                              
                             
                                                                     
                                                                     
         HDD Temperature Revamped?                                   
         The  4th   generation  of   HDD  Temperature   has   been   
         re-designed   and  re-coded from  the scratch for  faster   
         performance and smaller footprint than ever before.         
                                                                     
         Brand-New User Interface ?                                  
         The  new interface of  HDD  Temperature is geared towards   
         users. It's simpler to use and easier  to understand. All   
         information  about   your   hard   drive   is  laid   out   
         conveniently by the drive letter.                           
                                                                     
         Detailed Report on Your Hard Drives ?                       
         All  you ever  wanted  to know about  your hard disks  is   
         fully  disclosed  by HDD Temperature  4.  Learn about who   
         manufactured your disk and when,  the exact  model number   
         and the number of hours  the  disk has been used. Oh, and   
         it monitors and reports the disks' temperatures, too!       
                                                                     
         Supports All Kinds of Disks ?                               
         New-generation HDD Temperature supports all types of hard   
         drives in a single tool, including IDE, Serial ATA, SCSI,   
         and even USB.                                               
                                                                     
         Basic Disk Health Control ?                                 
         Prevent data loss due to hard disk failures!  The updated   
         HDD Temperature now reports basic information   about the   
         health of  your  hard disks,  thus increasing data safety   
         and storage  reliability of your entire system.  Detailed   
         disk  health reports   are  available  with   HDDlife,  a   
         dedicated disk health monitor.                              
                                                                     
         Easily Affordable ?                                         
         HDD Temperature  is  priced to  sell. Is  10e too  high a   
         price for peace of mind and safety of your data?            
                                                                     
         Technical Information ?                                     
         HDD  Temperature 4  is easily usable even in limited user   
         accounts, and does  not require administrative privileges   
         to run. It does not trigger Vista's UAC prompts, too!       
                                                                     
         The  disk    temperature   monitor  can    be   used   in   
         non-interactive   mode  by  network   administrators. All   
         communications such as  email  notifications and  turning   
         off workstations  are   performed  from  within  a system   
         service, and do not require user interaction or logged-in   
         users.                                                      
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
         Installation:                                               
                                                                     
         1. Download & install the application                       
         2. Apply the patch and use our keygen to generate a         
         serial                                                      
         3. Have a nice day..                                        
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                         
                             
                       
                        
                                                                     
          We are the unfaithful ones, the aggressive ones, the       
          ones you don't want to trust - we are ROGUE!               
                                                                     
          We are looking for:                                        
          * Experienced keygenners...                                
          * Experienced unpackers...                                 
          * Experienced suppliers...                                 
                                                                     
          We are not looking for:                                    
          * New sites...                                             
          * YOU!                                                     
                                                                   
         Contact us at:                                            
           ...find us!                                             
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                         
                                
                     
                        
                                                                     
          Greetings go out to...                                     
                                                                   
         ...to all of our friends out there!                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                           
                               
                              
      ASCII               X/BbH
                          
                T.E.A.M...R.O.G.U.E...2.0.0.9