Antenna enables you to design and develop great looking professional web sites rapidly - without any coding or HTML knowledge. Using transparent layers, master pages and pixel accurate positioning, Antenna makes web site building a visual experience - more like using an art or desktop publishing package, instead of programming. Now you can concentrate on aesthetics and design - instead of spending hours just trying to make your HTML code work - have fun and make your site look stunning!

Key Features:

Visual editor for Rapid Site Development
Drag and drop WYSIWYG - Pixel Accurate. Position items exactly where you want them to be. Customisable 'snap-to-grid' facility for easy object alignment.

Powerful Graphics Capabilities built in
Make professional web galleries of your digital photos with the Photo Gallery creator. Create high-quality button graphics and gradients with Antenna's integrated Button and Gradient Lab utilities - all built in, no extra software required.

Full Layers System with Layer Transparency
You can build your web pages in layers, place related items on the same layer, add new layers, overlap items and change layer opacity for translucent effects.

Include Pages
Include any page as a layer on any other page. A real time saver when you need the same items to appear on many pages - and any changes are reflected instantly across all other pages!

Design with Style - CSS Styles Editor built in
Perfect your look, and make sweeping visual changes across the whole site quickly and simply.

Rollover Buttons and Special FX
Shadows, motion blur, neon, water - all done visually, no HTML coding required.

Add Audio and Video to your web pages
Supports AVI, MPEG, QuickTime and Flash.

Object Properties Palette
No need for complex modal dialog boxes - modify items using a floating palette and see the results instantly. Very quick - once you know how to customise one type of object, you know how to customise them all.

Single File Project
A website is saved as a single file on disk - very easy to manage. Organise your web and move files around at any time without having to worry about broken links - Antenna keeps links updated automatically.

Integrated FTP Publisher
No need for additional publishing software. Antenna's built in publisher includes a 'Publish Changes Only' option for rapid site updates.

Multiple Languages - Site Localisation
All text and image objects support the facility to change their content based on language - so you can easily create and maintain multilingual sites from a single design.

Custom HTML
Advanced users can add custom HTML code and Javascript, and even create completely new object types using Antenna's HTML plugin system.



One of the best!


Tested And Working 

  (old reg working also like key? Ask Me At Forum :)


Enjoy