Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"My Love" is a song by American singer–songwriter Justin Timberlake from his second studio album, FutureSex/LoveSounds (2006). It was released on September 12, 2006, by Jive Records as the second single from the album. The song was co-written by Timberlake, Timbaland, Nate "Danja" Hills, and T.I., and produced by Timberlake, Timbaland, and Danja.

Timberlake revealed that the song's creating process took time to image and execute. He also stated that "My Love" was less about marriage and a more humble approach to love. The song features synthesizer chords with a slow beat and includes a beatboxing sound. The single features a rap verse from rapper T.I. Timberlake described the track as "a rock-techno ballad". "My Love" was well-received by music critics, although some criticized Timberlake for some of the lyrics and sounds.

The track entered the top ten on most charts, topping several of Billboard magazine's component charts, including the Billboard Hot 100, Pop 100, Hot Dance Airplay, and Hot Digital Songs charts. "My Love" also became Timberlake's second consecutive number one single on the Billboard Hot 100. Internationally, the single peaked in the number two position, becoming Timberlake's fourth single to reach number two. In New Zealand, the track peaked at number one for five non-consecutive weeks, to become Timberlake's second number one single.

Pitchfork Media named "My Love" as their number one song of 2006. Many have cited that the song is similar to Timberlake's 2002 song "Cry Me a River". The track won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 2007 Grammy Awards. "My Love" also won Timberlake the Male Artist of the Year and Best Choreography in a Video at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards.

The music video for "My Love" was directed by Paul Hunter and premiered on October 12, 2006. The video includes the prelude to the song ("Let Me Talk to You"), which includes the song's producer, Timbaland and features T.I.[39] The video incorporates a black-and-white background and dancing, choreographed as the steps are in synch with the beat of the song.

The video starts with "Let Me Talk to You" as the background is surrounded by faulty fluorescent lighting, turning on and off in a programmed pattern. It also begins with Timberlake and Timbaland chanting "hey" to one another. The video proceeds with Timberlake dancing to the beat of the song. Timbaland then begins singing the first verse of the song, which then is proceeded by Timberlake. This is immediately followed with "My Love" playing; the first verse of the song, "Ain't another woman that could take your spot my", plays. Timberlake comes floating toward the camera, down the faulty fluorescent tube. Once Timberlake stops floating, he begins singing the main verse of the song, which violins begin to float swirling gently around him, for "If I wrote you a symphony / Just to say how much you mean to me". The scene then changes with Timberlake and various dancers dancing accordingly in a choreographed style. When Timberlake begins the second verse, "Now if I wrote you a love note / And made you sign up every word I wrote", pens and paper begin to float. This later exceeds with Timberlake singing "This ring here represents my heart" with a ring swirling into the camera. T.I. is then seen in the shot. T.I. begins rapping his lines in the song. After T.I. finishes his verse, Timberlake is then seen dancing with a female back-up dancer. Though, as they continue dancing, the female then leaves the shot, leaving Timberlake to dance to the end of the song. In the closing moments, the camera swirls around him, proving, conclusively, from every angle, that everyone has gone.

At the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards, Timberlake won Male Artist of the Year for "Let Me Talk To You/ My Love", "SexyBack", and "What Goes Around.../...Comes Around". He, alongside choreographer Marty Kudelka, won Best Choreography in a Video for "My Love".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/