Movie Information:

Release Title: Get Him To The Greek 2010
Bluray Release Date: Sep 28, 2010
Certification: Unrated
Storyline: Aaron Green gets things done. The ambitious 24-year-old has been given a career-making assignment. His mission: Fly to London and escort a rock god to L.A.'s world famous Greek Theatre for the first-stop on a huge comeback tour. His record mogul boss, Sergio Roma, gives him one warning: "The artist is the worst person on Earth. Turn your back on him at your own peril." British rocker Aldous Snow is a brilliant musician, but due to a bad break up and nose-diving career, has fallen off the wagon and is now a drunken disaster. Weary of "yes men" and scared he's entered the "greatest hits" moment in his career, Snow's in the midst of a nihilistic downward spiral. When he learns his true love, model/pop star Jackie Q, is in Los Angeles, Aldous makes it his quest to win her back--right before kick-starting his world domination. As the countdown to the concert begins, one innocent young man must navigate a minefield of London drug smuggles, New York City brawls and Vegas lap dances to deliver his charge safe and, sort of, sound--all while trying to remain faithful to his med student girlfriend. He may have to coax, lie to, enable and party with Aldous, but Aaron will get him to the Greek
Genre: Comedy
Language: English

Cast:
Jonah Hill ... Aaron Green
Russell Brand ... Aldous Snow
Rose Byrne ... Jackie Q
Tyler McKinney ... African Child in Video
Zoe Salmon ... Herself
Lino Facioli ... Naples
Lars Ulrich ... Himself
Mario López ... Himself
Pink ... Herself
Billy Bush ... Himself
Kurt Loder ... Himself (as Kurt F. Loder)
Christina Aguilera ... Herself
Colm Meaney ... Jonathan Snow


Video Specifications:

Film Length: 1 hr 53 min
Format: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC
Bitrate: 1115 kbps
Framerate: 23.976 FPS
Encoder: x264
Resolution: 720 x 384
Aspect Ratio: 1.815
Advanced Encoding: 2-Pass Encoding

Audio Specifications:

Format: AAC-LC
Bitrate: AAC = 128 kbps / AAC 5.1 = 300 kbps
Channels: AAC-LC= 2 / AAC 5.1 = 6 channels
Sample Rate: 48000Hz
Subtitles: None