. 

TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.

we are the most on-time tracker around the globe, You can download releases whenever they release out by group uploaders. no Wait Time.

TorrentDay is a private tracker torrent website, which is totally free, safe and fast.


Higher Speed Download is available at: TorrentDay - Your Gateway To The Scene.


.

Torrentday : Clean RAR Scene File - Enjoy and don't forget to leave Thanks


Enjoy :)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                    Games.Britannia.S01E03.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.01.13
              Genre...........: Documentary

       3/3 - Joystick Generation
       Three-part series presented by historian Benjamin Woolley about 
       popular games in Britain from the Iron Age to the Information Age, 
       in which he unravels how an apparently trivial pursuit is a rich 
       and entertaining source of cultural and social history.
       
       In the final part, Woolley explores the journey games have taken 
       from the board to the screen, reflecting the rapidly changing 
       history of modern Britain.
       
       In the 1980s, the power of our imagination was harnessed in early 
       video games like Elite, putting the audience at the heart of a 
       space adventure they could influence. The British boom years of 
       the 90s introduced characters like Lara Croft to a world beyond 
       video games and players were propelled into the internet age.
       
       Woolley's investigation leads to the present day, where he finds 
       our morality tested in the world of Grand Theft Auto and our 
       identity becoming transported to the digital domain with virtual 
       realms like Runescape and World of Warcraft.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * 100mbit or gigabit archive sites for TV/XVID/ETC
           * 1080p or 720p rippers pre retail or classics
           * Fios cappers in u.s
           * U.K or Pre Retail Dvdrippers
           * Internal 100mbit 1tb+ dump sites for Exlusive group usage
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai