An application that allows anyone to look great in a photo
Portrait Professional is a sophisticated computer program that has been trained in male and female beauty. The software has been shown hundreds of examples of beautiful photographs of human faces, and using sophisticated statistical techniques, it has learnt how to subtly enhance photographs to make them more beautiful.

What does this mean for you? It means that you can give your photographs an automatic "celebrity makeover" correcting the lighting and makeup, removing blemishes and generally making your subject look as good as possible.
Portrait Professional is a painting program that will not require any artistic skill. All you have to do is identify some points on the photo - such as the corners of the eyes, and the edges of the lips - and the software then calculates how to make your subject look their absolute best.
The software has been trained in all aspects of beauty. It allows you to choose how much to enhance the lighting, the skin texture and even how many wrinkles to remove. It even allows you subtly re-sculpt the face to make your subject look as good as possible.
Portrait Professional enhances people in the same way that good lighting and perfect makeup is used to make someone look more attractive. The software lets anyone look as good as a celebrity in a magazine.

Here are some key features of "Portrait Professional":
Face Sculpting
Airbrush
Skin toner
Lighting regulation
Shadow control
Highlight control
White balance
Eye whitening
Teeth whitening
Spot removal
Red-eye removal
Free upgrades for 6 months
Support for 8 bits per color channel images
(JPEG and TIFF formats)
Support for 16 bits per color channel images
Reads RAW image files
What's New in This Release:
Smooth, recolor and thicken the hair
Control the eyes and mouth in much greater detail
Change the eye color of the subject
Save and use multiple changes at once with Saved Slider configurations
Improved User Interface: Help, Tutorial and Undo functions making Portrait Professional the easiest to use photo-editing software available

OS: Windows 2000, XP, 7 or Vista?

Homepage-http://www.anthropics.com/portraitprofessional/index.html

Install notes: After you installed Portrait Professional Studio,
please put(replace) the PortraitProfessionalStudio.exe
in [Portrait Professional Studio-Installed-Dir].

Only true working version since 6,3.5