Lethal Skies 1 & 2 for the Ps2                                 Rel. in 2002 & 2003


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Jet Sim.
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Both Games were tested and work.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description Lethal Skies Elite Pilot - Team SW:

Lethal Skies is an arcade-style flight combat game featuring nine real-world aircrafts. Taking place in the 21st century, a time when most of the planet has been submerged in water due to the effects of global warming, the game has players leading a team of expert pilots in a series of missions aimed at stopping a militaristic threat. Each campaign begins with a global map, where players can select the mission and receive a briefing on their targets. A choice of pilots, fighters, and armaments is also available.

Missions involve taking off and landing from carriers, engaging in dogfights, taking out specific numbers of ground and sea targets, or linking with other aircraft for midair refueling. To help players succeed, each fighter comes equipped with radar that distinguishes ground targets from enemy fighters. A lock-on reticule allows players to target enemies before they fire their Vulcan cannons, missiles, or rockets. A GPS map, computerized damage system, and radio communication are also included to help players manage their surroundings.

Players can pilot their aircraft from three perspectives, including first-person, cockpit, and chase views. In addition to the Campaign, a Training mode offers practice in four mission types. The number of enemies can be set from one to four, with a choice of armaments. Each mission also offers multiple replay views, which can be saved to a memory card. Available planes include the F-14D Super Tomcat, F-16 Fighting Falcon, F/A-18E Super Hornet, F-15E Strike Eagle, F-22 Raptor, EF2000 Typhoon, JAS39 Gripen, MiG-29 Fulcrum, and Su-27 Flanker.


Game Description Lethal Skies 2:

Global warming threatens life on earth. Frozen regions of Siberia have melted, submerging entire countries. As part of an elite group of pilots assembled by the World Alliance, your mission is to take out the World Order Reorganization Front, an organization that exploits natural disasters for its own benefit.

Lethal Skies II adds an amazing seven new combat jets for a total of 19 playable planes, arming players with an arsenal necessary to take on an enemy employing an array of conventional and futuristic air, land and sea-based combat vehicles, including battle-mechs, giant mobile fortresses and attack satellites. The game has over 20 unique missions set in battle theaters around the world, and allows players to unlock secret missions where they can play as the enemy. Lethal Skies II provides five different POVs in first and third-person, and 2-player mode that can be played as both split-screen and using the PS2 I.Link. Among additional new and enhanced features are interactive 3D battle maps, movie galleries and cut-scenes that progress the action-packed story with vivid animation.


Game Pics Included.


Burn both games with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		