AceMoney helps to organize and manage personal finances quickly and easily. It supports all the features required for home or even small-business accounting needs. AceMoney supports checking, savings, credit cards, loans, debt accounts. You can even create your own account type, such as a cash allowance for your kids! The program has more than 100 predefined spending categories. Setup budget limits for every category and track the difference between actual and budgeted values. The software supports more than 150 different currencies and automatically downloads their exchange rates from Internet. Generate any report by categories or payors/payees, including pie charts. Now you can see at a glance how much you spent on food last month. Find all your withdrawals and deposits by any parameter. AceMoney takes control over your bills and shows you when they should be paid.

This program promises to help you keep track of home and small-business finances. The installation runs quickly for this small download. The software is well-designed, includes many features, and even supports various languages including Russian and Slovak. All commands are accessible from buttons within the interface as well as in the menus. It performs all types of calculations, downloads the latest exchange rates from the Internet, and handles online banking. Bank-account and credit-card information can be protected by passwords to keep your data secure. A button link gives you quick access to the developer's site for updates or help. With its extensive features, good design, and free price, there is no reason not to try AceMoney Lite.

Features:
 Manage multiple accounts of different types
 Create and manage budgets
 Track performance of investments
 Do your financial math in multiple currencies
 Track your spending habits and see where the money goes
 Enjoy the convenience of on-line banking
 Don't miss the next deadline for bills
 Double check
 Plan debts and mortgage payments
 Do e-business with AceMoney