Title: Historias de Amor Duram Apenas 90 Minutos aka Love Stories Last Only 90 Minutes aka Les Histoires D'Amour Ne Durent que 90 Minutes  
Year: 2009 
Country: Brazil
Language: Portuguese
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 697 MB 
Genre: Comedy / Romance
Runtime: 93 min
Resolution: 512 X 288
Bitrates: 224kbps
FPS: 23.976
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Paulo Halm
Starring: Caio Blat	  ...	Zeca
          Maria Ribeiro	  ...	Julia
          Luz Cipriota	  ...	Carol
	  Daniel Dantas	  ...	Humberto
          Lucia Bronstein ...	Bagaceira	  
          Hugo Carvana	  ...	Taxi Driver


IMDB Link:    
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1609123/


Synopis: In Lapa, Rio de Janeiro, the idle aspirant writer Zeca has been living with Arts Professor Julia for five years. He is stuck on page 50 of his novel for a long time and Zeca claims lack of inspiration to conclude the plot. He leads a comfortable life from inheritance left by his mother and administrated by his father Humberto. When Zeca sees Julia alone with her best friend Carol in his flat, he believes that they are having a love affair and becomes obsessed with Carol, following her. Julia travels to Sao Paulo with work giving Zeca the perfect opportunity to have an affair with Carol. So begins his complicated life: while Julia works and studies for her doctorate, Zeca has sex with Carol during the days and with Julia during the nights. Zeca plots a scheme to stay with either Carol or Julia but his plan does not go as he hoped. (IMDB)


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH, FRENCH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can\'t without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                            
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ		
		