 
http://web.archive.org/web/20061104155846/http://www.opensourceenergy.com/_layouts/apps/dp/index.asp 
http://peswiki.com/ 
http://disclosureproject.org/


These videos are available to stream online: http://www.mefeedia.com/search/osen_disclosure

01 - Lt. Col. Tom Bearden (0:47:13 180mb)

President and Chief Executive Officer, CTEC, Inc. Lieutenant Colonel U.S. Army (Retired). Fellow Emeritus, Alpha Foundation's Institute for Advanced Study. Director of Association of Distinguished American Scientists. Course work completed for doctorate; thesis being submitted. MS Nuclear Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology. BS Mathematics, Northeast Louisiana University with minor in Electronic Engineering. Graduate of Command & General Staff College, U.S. Army. Graduate of Guided Missile Staff Officer's Course, U.S. Army (equivalent to MS in Aerospace Engineering). Graduate courses in statistics, electromagnetics. Numerous missile, radar, electronic warfare, and counter-countermeasures courses.

02 - Dr. Paul Czysz - McDonnell Douglas Engineer (0:38:58 148mb)

Dr. Paul Czysz is a Professor of Aeronautical Engineering at Parks College in St. Louis. He spent 8 years in the Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and another 30 years working for McDonnell-Douglas in the field of exotic technologies. While at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, he was involved in tracking UFOs over Missouri, Ohio, and Michigan. These UFOs were seen my many people: military, local police, and civilians, and were clocked at speeds around 20,000 MPH as they performed unusual, silent maneuvers. Dr. Czysz spent more than half his career at McDonnell-Douglas working on classified and compartmentalized projects, and testifies to the processes involved in maintaining secrecy on these projects. He warns against the human tendency to make every new technology into a weapon, pointing out that our weaponization of space does not address the threat of Earth terrorists, and the idea of using these weapons against extraterrestrial targets would be suicidal. 

03 - David Hamilton - US Department of Energy (0:15:18 58.3mb)

David Hamilton works for the Department of Energy in the area of new generation power systems. He explains that we have nearly exhausted the world’s supply of fossil fuels, just at the time when Asia and China are undergoing an “industrial revolution” and are positioning to become bigger consumers of these fuels than the “first world” countries already are. In order to alleviate the current Earth crises of environmental pollution, global warming, etc. and advance as a sustainable technological society, we must develop technologies that don’t fit into the old paradigm. 

We have designed a world that feeds on oil and those oil supplies are becoming more and more limited. Now if we look at what the supply of oil is, never before in our history have we been in a position where supply and demand would intersect. But in about 10 years we will see the intersection between supply and demand and that means that we will be seriously supply limited…

In working with the Russian universities, they did what I consider one of the best gravitational experiments ever done. It was at the High Temperature Materials Laboratory in Russia. They had done their experiment off-site and demonstrated that this device could develop a 35 percent reduction in the gravitational field. 

Now we saw that. We were very impressed with it. The high gravitational researchers at DOE, I had them look at it. We were all interested in it. We would like to follow up on that to do a second type of experiment – duplication, reproducibility, getting back to the issues of how do you get good science. But you run into a lot of resistance among people. And in the Russian case it was even more so. When they were away from this off-site laboratory – it was across the street from the university, as I understand it – the place was completely ransacked. 

All the equipment was lost. Now lucky for us they had their recordings, they had their videotapes, they had their presentation materials. All of that was still intact. But the machine was lost as well as a lot of the equipment necessary to duplicate that test. 

It may have been that there were some Mafia type individuals involved, thinking that there might be some profit in this thing. And my Russian friends say that part of the government that does that sort of thing is no different from the Mafia. So that complicates the problem….

I am concerned that if we don’t do something very soon, any society that begins to be resource limited begins to eliminate the problem causing that resource limitation. And I would hate to see us get into the position where other people want to eliminate us or we have to eliminate them in order to continue our lifestyle. And that’s why it’s so important that we start now. 

04 - Dr. Paul LaViolette - Dev. Subquantum Kinetics (0:29:23 113mb)

Dr. Paul LaViolette has written four books and has published many original papers in physics, astronomy, climatology, systems theory, and psychology. He received his BA in physics from Johns Hopkins, his MBA from the University of Chicago, and PhD from Portland State University, and is currently president of the Starburst Foundation, an interdisciplinary scientific research institute. He is the developer of subquantum kinetics, a novel approach to microphysics that accounts for electric, magnetic, gravitational, and nuclear forces in a unified manner and resolves many long-standing physics problems. Based on the predictions of this theory, he developed an alternative cosmology that effectively replaces the big bang theory. Dr. LaViolette has also developed a new theory of gravity that replaces the deeply flawed theory of general relativity. Predicted from subquantum kinetics, it accounts for the electrogravitic coupling phenomenon discovered by Townsend Brown and may explain the advanced aerospace propulsion technology utilized in the B-2 bomber. In addition to his understanding of UFO and black budget craft propulsion systems, including materialization and dematerialization, he has deep knowledge of the inner workings of the U.S. Patent Office. He states in this interview that, currently, if an invention doesn’t fit into the accepted physics paradigm, the patent examiners immediately reject it thinking it violates the paradigm and must be a mistake. In effect, new energy technologies are the underdog: They don’t fit the paradigm so they are left out of the needed funding, or their patents are denied — even to the point that the Patent Office is breaking the law. In order to alleviate the current Earth crises of environmental pollution, global warming, etc. and advance as a technological society, we need technologies that don’t fit into the old paradigm. 

05 - Dr. Theodore C. Loder III (0:25:52 99.5mb)

Dr. Ted Loder is a respected scientist and oceanography professor at the University of New Hampshire. After learning from his cousin, Brigadier General Stephen Lovekin, that the ET/UFO subject is not only real but is the key to technologies that could preserve our Earth's environment while advancing humanity into a sustainable planetary society, he has become an outspoken advocate for ending the secrecy surrounding this subject. He has worked to introduce students, other scientists, and legislators to the fact that humans are not alone in the universe. 

06 - Dr. Hal Puthoff - Institute for Advanced Studies (0:14:37 56.1mb)

Dr. Hal Puthoff, a theoretical and experimental physicist, is a graduate of Stanford University. He has published over forty technical papers in the areas of electron-beam devices, lasers, and quantum zero-point energy effects, and holds patents in the laser, communications, and energy fields. Dr. Puthoff's professional background spans more than thirty years of research at General Electric, Sperry, the National Security Agency, Stanford University, SRI International, and, since 1985, as Director of the Institute for Advanced Studies at Austin, Texas, and President of EarthTech International, Inc. In his testimony, Dr. Puthoff points out that as we uncover the technologies that make space travel possible, we must consider the possibility that there are other civilizations who have been down this track ahead of us. This opens up the possibility of ET visitation. Considering that our electromagnetic technology is a century old, we must realize that there could be advanced civilizations out there that are millennia beyond us, and their technologies could be well beyond our imagination; therefore, the ET/UFO topic deserves to be taken seriously by modern scientists.

07 - Dr. Thomas Malone - Integrity Research Institute (0:13:03 49.7mb)

Thomas Valone,founding member of New Energy Congress, is an engineering physicist with 25 years of experience in emerging energy sciences. He is a Consulting Fellow of the World Innovation Foundation and has several books and 100 articles in print. He received a PhD in General Engineering from Kennedy-Western University and a Masters in Physics from the State University of NY at Buffalo.

    "Tom Valone is one of the most respected names in the world of Free Energy research and advancement. He brings a great deal of respectability and credibility to a field that is often labeled as "crackpot" science. His working at the U.S. Patent Office brings insider knowledge to why certain breakthrough concepts get stonewalled. The international conferences he organizes on breakthrough energy are first-rate. His books are well-researched and well-written. We're very glad there is a Tom Valone in our field." -- Sterling D. Allan, Dec. 18, 2009 


 
http://pesn.com/2005/10/22/9600195_OSEN_Releases_Video_Testimonials/
You are here: PureEnergySystems.com > News > Oct. 22, 2005


OSEN makes cannon-ball splash opening with release of disclosure testimonial videos

Earth-shattering never-before-seen video testimonials released for the first time, featuring seven energy inventors. Affidavit witnesses urge an end to suppression of new energy technologies that could eliminate our suicidal dependence on fossil fuel.

by Sterling D. Allan
Pure Energy Systems News


VANCOUVER, B.C., CANADA -- In launching its website today, after several months of incubation, the Open Source Energy Network (OSEN.org) is making its debut splash by releasing never-before-seen video testimonials from seven leading alternative energy inventors.

This power-packed series includes testimony from Tom Bearden; Thomas Vallone, Paul Czysz, Hal Puthoff, David Hamilton, Ted Loder, Paul LaViolette, several of whom hold PhDs, and all of whom are held in high esteem by their peers in the field of clean energy. Each video is between 45 minutes and an hour in length. (Some of the videos, such as Tom Bearden's, can be viewed at a higher speed to shorten online time, while remaining easy to understand.)

These videos are sure to become hot items among those who track developments in this field. Many have been frustrated by the lack of progress for so many years, knowing that we could have had some of these technologies over a century ago were it not for the oil and business cartel that actively snuffed it out. Their blockade against both scientific progress and information began with their snubbing of Nikola Tesla, one of the most brilliant inventors of all time. For many decades, he was barely mentioned -- if at all -- in our schools and history books. You would think that the man who brought us A.C. power, radio, and other wireless communication, would deserve prominent attention.

But because he wanted to make energy available for free – wirelessly broadcast worldwide without metering or billing, accessed by a simple receiver device which did not need to be plugged into any socket or wired grid – he was de-funded, and publicly scorned. A device he developed to power a car using energy from the vacuum was likewise quashed, and nearly forgotten.

As we approach Tesla's 150th birthday next year (July 10, 2006), the great inventor and theorist is finally beginning to emerge from this imposed limbo, with the Legend status that he always deserved.

The work of Tesla is a common theme in these affidavit video interviews. Their combined witness provides a powerful impetus for us to put pressure on our elected officials and demand that they to support the development and penetration into the marketplace of clean energy devices and infrastructure – with the same vigor with which they approached the Manhattan project or the Apollo Project.

As a sampling from the seven videos, Lt. Col. Tom Bearden says that the scientific community must stop snubbing these technologies, and that their doing so has very little to do with science, and very much to do with the politics of science.

Bearden warns that if we do not do something of this magnitude, but only continue to give marginal attention to this matter through token legislation and half-hearted scientific dabbling, then the handwriting on the wall spells our doom. The momentum of “peak oil” continues to drive fuel prices upward, fomenting international unrest which risks creating the kind of Armageddon scenario warned of in the Bible and promoted in pop culture: weapons of mass destruction begin to be unleashed by nations panicking when the traditional energy supplies are choked off. None of this need happen, if the alternatives are developed with all speed, says Bearden.

Intended to be legally respected in Supreme Courts around the world, these video testimonies are were also designed to be presented to the court of public opinion with the hope that once the general mass of people are awakened to the facts, the grassroots pressure and consumer demand for new energy technology will be unstoppable. Such a groundswell will influence the scientific community to cease politically-driven snubbing, not least because some among them are in favor of this overdue paradigm shift but in the past – due to peer pressure and the threat of blacklisting – they have not been free to speak out. Then the politicians will have to give clean energy the priority status it demands. They will have to put an end to subsidies on oil and old technologies, lest our civilization succumb to implosion.

The private sector can do a huge amount to reverse the present disastrous course. Because these technologies are superior in every way – more efficient and more cost-effective ¬– they will create a stronger bottom line for companies promoting them.

In launching their new website today, the Open Source Energy Network hopes to also launch another revolution -- the open sourcing of energy technologies. Rather than penury, secrecy and cutthroat battles over patents, the model of co-operation offers to researchers and inventors the best way to beat the suppression of these long-overdue developments and gain sufficient support to achieve optimum results. With the combined efforts of many trained and creative minds, the extracting of clean, free, renewable, and inexhaustible energy – whether it be from the sun, wind, tide, geothermal, from the vacuum of space, or from properties of magnetism and inter-planetary and inter-stellar electricity not yet fully understood – will be realized in our generation.

Thus this seven-pack video set of disclosure videos is an apropos way to introduce OSEN to the world.
