Info



~ Legal Torrent ~



AUTHOR:  Dragan Glavasic
TITLE:  Keepers of the Flame
GENRE:  Literature/Philosophy
YEAR:  2006
LANGUAGE:  English
NUMBER OF PAGES:  212
PREPARED BY:  TeNNeT and Wexller; PenexxDMP Association (the sons of Odin, Perun, Zeus, Dagda)
ISBN:  86-904797-6-7
FORMAT:  PDF (eBook)
BOOK COVER:  included
SIZE:  4.8 MB
DESCRIPTION:  A compilation of 35 short stories.




Keepers of the Flame (2006)

Perhaps the greatest book ever!  An amazing compilation of 35 short philosophical stories.  Some of the fables are science fiction or mystery, some are historical narratives, several are very much unusual and totally unexpected, most are funny and/or overwhelming in one way or another.  Incredibly, many of the tales are interconnected or rather ingeniously woven into a bewildering bigger picture.  However, all of them are totally original and profound in their exploration of the ultimate reality: such as the crucial questions of the ulterior purpose for our very existence or any existence, the question of human mortality/immortality [actually, a literary proof for the Immortality Argument], the all important problems of ethics, and, of course, the awesome underlining nature of everything.
This book is not only a literary masterpiece, but, as a matter of fact, is also a profound study within metaphysics, epistemology, ontology, political philosophy and ethics.  Implying that this compilation is something utterly remarkable, the beginning of an epic journey inside reality or a mind boggling revelation: a cognitive precursor for the book that is to follow...


REVIEW

Keepers of the Flame by Dragan Glavasic is one remarkable book, actually, a compilation of 35 short philosophical stories.  It is a literary presentation of philosophy, in the great tradition of Plato, but unlike Plato or other ancient philosophers, this book essentially uses real life or theoretically possible situations, logic and everyday experience to prove its rather fascinating philosophy.

There are several incredible claims made by the book, within the fields of physics, metaphysics, epistemology, ontology, aesthetics, ethics and political philosophy.  One of the most revealing assertions is the statement that this world is a lunatic asylum taken over and clandestinely run by a ghastly conglomerate of big business, extremely rich thieves, worst lunatics and most despicable perverts: whose only unifying agenda is their pathological and overwhelming hate toward white culture and civilization, white race and especially toward white men!  On the other hand, and unlike other similar books, this one actually presents a genuine solution to those deviant ills of present day morbid society… Finally, perhaps the most remarkable contribution, to philosophy, of this book is within metaphysics, and is presented as the IMMORTALITY ARGUMENT.  Only unlike that other, strictly philosophical or to a degree scientific, book by the same author [Dragan Glavasic: Ascertaining the Intellectual Horizon] where this incredible assertion is proven through logic and philosophical arguments, exclusively: in this book the claim is proven though the example of a possible reality, or by the events of everyday life.  Which is one incredible cognitive achievement indeed!

Overall, this philosophical book is a literary masterpiece that depicts, elaborates and ultimately explains or proves some of the greatest, most perplexing, most significant philosophical, as well as existential, problems; that have bewildered mankind since the dawn of philosophy and our civilization also.  Or simply stated this book is the best!



www.glavasic.net
www.stvarnost.com




COMING UP:  Beethoven, Vivaldi, Mozart, Prokofiev, etc.

SOME OF OUR PREVIOUS TORRENTS:

Glavasic – Ascertaining the Intellectual Horizon (pdf)
Glavasic – Keepers of the Flame (pdf)
Tchaikovsky – Symphonies 2-4 (mp3)
Handel – Music for the Royal Fireworks (mp3)
Deep Purple – In Concert (1970) (flac)
Stvarnost Magazine (html)
Uriah Heep – Demons and Wizards (1972) (flac)
Vivaldi – Four Seasons (flac)
Renesans – Early Music from Old Serbia (flac)
Yes - Close to the Edge (1972) (flac)
Tchaikovsky - Violin Concerto (mp3)



NOTE:  We will seed until 20 complete downloads (uploads).  Those that like this kind of writings should consider seeding themselves for a while as to give others a chance to get this brilliant stuff as well.  DOWNLOAD AND SHARE!


[Our torrents could be found at:  thepiratebay.org, www.torrentbox.com, etc.]

DOWNLOAD AHD SHARE (SEED)!

10:46 PM 2010

