This is a release of Dracula: The Dark Prince 2000 
(alternately titled Dark Prince: The True Story of Dracula and Dark Prince: Legend of Dracula) 
DVD rip to Xvid at 700MB. 

This release contains:
-700MB DVD rip to Xvid of Dracula: The Dark Prince (2000)
-DVD rip to Xvid of the Original Theatrical Trailer 
-DVD Cover Photo 
-Promotional Photos
-Movie Stills.
I follow the (PAKG) guide to rip like aXXo with all my releases so be assured of the quality. 

This is an amazing film and one of my very favorites! I recently purchased the DVD which was released in 2002. It’s a classic film with an outstanding cast and is impressively, musically scored as well! Rudolph Martin is amazing as Vlad Dracula. The movie depicts several, true historic happens such as:
-A young Vlad Dracula and his brother; Radu the Handsome, being held captive for years by the Turkish Sultan 
-Vlad Dracula choosing common people as his allies instead of members of high society
-Dracula, inviting members of the Romanian Noble Class to a State dinner then having them executed.
-The story of the “Golden Cup”
-Nailing the turbans to the heads of the Turkish Muslims for their refusal to remove them in Dracula’s presence
-Vlad’s brother Radu choosing to live with and adopt the Muslim culture 
-Vlad Dracula’s guerrilla warfare and military scare tactics
-Vlad’s disregard for the church in order to better his army and stabilize his country
-Vlad Dracula feasting among the bodies of the nobles he had killed

The movie also demystifies the folklore surrounding Vlad III, while still giving the viewer the choice to make up their own minds about the true person that he was.
Three years ago I spent the better part of a year researching Vlad III, Voivode of Wallachia, as he was an amazing historical figure far beyond merely being inspiration for vampire pop culture. And from all I have read, I always thought that this film truly displayed Vlad III/ Vlad Tepes/Vlad Dracula most accurately. I was happy to read a note of this from Wikipedia:
“Dark Prince: The True Story of Dracula, a film released in 2000, tells the life story of Vlad the Impaler mostly accurately.” 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vlad_III_the_Impaler#Film_and_book_adaptations

A classic picture to enjoy for Halloween! Please SEED! Cheers.

PLOT: Dracula: The Dark Prince 2000 (alternately titled Dark Prince: The True Story Of Dracula and Dark Prince: Legend of Dracula) is a horror-war television film, which premiered in the United States on the USA Network on Halloween, October 31, 2000. It is about Vlad III Dracula, "the Impaler", the historical figure who gave Bram Stoker's Dracula his name.

DESCRIPTION FROM BACK COVER OF DVD: 
Meet the man behind the legend in this true story of Vlad the Impaler, whose vicious and cruel reputation as a bloodthirsty warlord became the basis for the myth of Dracula. When young Vlad Dracula, the Prince Romania, and his younger brother Radu are kidnapped and held hostage by the Turkish Sultan Mohammed, their father is murdered and the Sultan holds the boys prisoner for many years. When the grown Vlad is finally released, he vows to avenge his father's death and to return to liberate his brother from the Sultan. As Vlad wages a bloody war both within his country and against the Turks, he finds enemies at every turn, but when he is betrayed by his closest confidants, he wages is life, and soul, for vengeance.

FACTS: 
-Shot on location in Romania with a largely Romanian crew. 
-Dracula’s castle in the film is actually Poenari Castle. While in truth, Vlad III had no, singe abode he saw an importance for Poenari Castle when he was Prince. It was then in ruin so Vlad Dracula had it partially renovated and restored during his reign as Voivode of Wallachia. 

CAST & CHARACTERS: 
Vlad Dracula the Impaler: Rudolf Martin
Lidia: Jane March
Bruno: Christopher Brand
Father Stefan: Peter Weller
King Janos: Roger Daltrey
Radu: Michael Sutton
DETAILS:
Imbd: tt0240793
Rated: R (Restricted)
Language: English
Studio: Live / Artisan
DVD Release Date: April 23, 2002
Run Time: 92 minutes

MEMORABLE QUOTES:
“He once told me greed was a stronger force then any army. But I have learned there’s another even greater force; fear.”
-Vlad Dracula
“For the first time in my life I saw the world; naked and unbridled. It terrified me.”
-Vlad Dracula
 “My fight was never with God…it was with you!
-Vlad Dracula
“No... no... please! Lidia, come walk with me!”
-Vlad Dracula
“I will always walk with you.”
[kisses her cross, then jumps]
-Lidia

TRACKERS USED FOR THIS RELEASE: 
(The following is a list of “ABSOLUTE” WORKING TRACKERS, all tested, showing NO ERRORS or TIMING OUT, used in this torrent at the date of this release. (October, 22nd, 2010 CST Taiwan time) 
http://bt1.the9.com:6969/announce 
http://exodus.1337x.org/announce 
http://torrent-downloads.to:5869/announce 
http://tracker.prq.to/announce 
http://tracker.prq.to/announce.php 
http://tracker.publicbt.com/announce 
http://tracker.publicbt.com:80/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbay.to:6969/announce 
http://tracker1.torrentum.pl:6969/announce
udp://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80/announce
udp://tracker.publicbt.com:80/announce 
http://nemesis.1337x.org/announce

PLEASE SEED! No LEACHERS! Get this torrent going.
SEED TILL U BLEED! Cheers, vladtepes3176



