INTERACTIVE CD-ROM (GREEK AND ENGLISH)
Creator: Tassos Anthoulias

The programme is divided into 8 parts. The first part is entitled The Ecumenical Patriarchate: past and present and is made up of the following sections:
The Patriarchate today, The History of the Ecumenical Patriarchate, The Patriarchal Church (St. George), Holy treasures, Sacred persons and great personalities, The Consecration of the Holy Chrism and The List of the Patriarchs.
The second part of the programme presents the Church of Hagia Sophia (the Holy Wisdom) and its history. The third part presents the most important Byzantine monuments and icons which are to be found in Constantinople today. The fourth part presents Greek and religious traditions in the Princes islands. The fifth part deals with the history of the Great School of the Nation.
The sixth part includes excerpts from the Liturgies of Christmas, Epiphany and Easter, recorded at the Patriarchal Church, along with coloured photographs of Byzantine icons, each of which is accompanied by the relevant chant. The user of the programme can read the original Greek texts and the English translation.
In this section of the programme, the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomeos himself reads the Creed and the Our Father. In addition, for the first time, it is possible to hear the Symbol of the Faith set to music.
The seventh part presents a selection of the activities of the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomeos, together with a message from Him. There is also an illustrated account of his life. In this part two major items are presented: Peace and religious tolerance as well as the Ecological problem.
Finally, the eighth part deals with the activities of the Orthodox Church of North and South America.
All the information and material contained in the 850 screens of the programme is based on Byzantine tradition. For example, use is made of illustrated capital letters (drop cap) from Byzantine manuscripts and borders copied from Byzantine icons.
The combination of traditions and modern technology reveals just how alive these traditions are in today’s world.

For full documentation in Greek look at:
 
http://www.helidoni.info 

For other torrents look at:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/taxar 

