Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.

                                                 
                                
                         
                         
                       
                         
                              
                          
                             
                           
                           
                             
                          
                          
                       
                             
                                   
                               
                                        
                                                 
                         TE 2009 PRESENTS                  
                                                        
                                              
              ANOTHER FINE RELEASE         
                                                    

    Release: Forte Agent v6.0.1186 (c) 2009 Forte

    Date: 11/24/2009

    Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

    Release Type:
      [X] Registration/Serial Crack
      [ ] Activation Crack
      [ ] Trial Crack
      [ ] Server Check Crack
      [ ] Serial
      [ ] Hidden/Added Features Enabler
      [ ] Other

      [ ] Loader Patcher      [ ] Patch      [X] Precracked      [ ] RegFile
      [ ] Keygen

                                                      
                                                              
                                      
                RELEASE NOTES            
                                                   
                                                               
                                                             
                                                                        

        Agent is the most powerful newsreader and email program for
        managing your communications:
 
         Multiple News Servers  Agent makes it easy to automate access
          to all your News Servers and NZB Sites while minimizing your
          connection costs.
         Multiple Email Accounts  Send and receive email with multiple
          POP accounts and multiple SMTP servers.
         Personas  Personalize and protect your identity in both email
          and newsgroups.
         Free 3 Month APN Trial  Buy or Upgrade to Agent 4.2 and
          receive a Free 3 Month APN Trial account with your purchase.


        Integrated Newsreader and Email

         Binary Newsgroups  Agent was the first major newsreader to
          join multi-part binaries and support yEnc encoding. Today,
          Agent remains on the leading edge of binary Usenet with
          features such as NZB.
         Text Newsgroups  Agent's rich set of commands for search,
          navigation, and filtering continue to set the standard for text
          newsgroups.
         Internet Email  Agent allows you to seamlessly send and
          receive email via multiple POP accounts and SMTP servers
          without being exploited by viruses or trojans.
         Adaptive Junk Filtering  Agent combines advanced Bayesian
          statistics with identity management to remove junk messages
          without losing messages from your trusted contacts.
 

         Multiple News Servers and Email Accounts

         Multiple News Servers  Configure Agent to interact with all
          your favorite Usenet and private news servers. Get headers from
          one Usenet server and bodies from a different server. Agent
          makes it easy to reduce your download costs.
         Virtual News Servers  Tired of news servers with missing
          groups and missing messages? Let Agent automatically combine
          the content from multiple servers to fill in the missing parts.
         Multiple Email Accounts  Collect email from multiple POP
          accounts and send via multiple SMTP servers. Laptop users will
          appreciate Agent's mobility features.
 

         Optimized for Binary Attachments
 
         NZB Support  Agent automatically processes NZB files to
          streamline the process of downloading large binaries.
         Image Preview  Agent lets you quickly preview Usenet and Email
          images. You can view images in the message body or open a
          separate Preview Window. Image preview is ideal for sampling
          newsgroups.
         Saving Attachments  Agent gives you complete control over how
          and where to save attachments. Store GIF and JPG files in the
          newsgroup. Automatically detach RAR and PAR files. Agent can
          even create a unique attachment folder for each newsgroup.
         Folder Schemes  Agent is easy to configure because News and
          Email folders are based on schemes. Agent is pre-configured
          with schemes for Binary and Text groups. Create your own
          schemes for MP3s, Pictures, or DVDs.
 

         Identity Management

         Route by Identity (RBI)  Don't write filters to route email
          messages. Teach Agent to route and file automatically by
          dragging messages to folders that are enabled for Route by
          Identity.
         Multiple Personas  Personalize your identity on the Internet
          by creating personas for email and news. Customize each persona
          by changing the email address, signature, and other message
          fields.
         Persona Protection  Agent automatically memorizes the way you
          use personas. As you enter contacts on a new email, Agent's
          will advise you of any conflicts.
 

        Robust Downloading

         Usenet Automation  Agent makes it simple to mark groups and
          messages for download. Customize the way Agent prioritizes and
          downloads headers and bodies. Tasks will run in parallel to
          fully utilize servers and connections.
         Safe HTML Downloads  Agent renders HTML messages on your
          terms. Agent will only downloads images from the contacts you
          trust.
         Maximize Connections  Agent automatically detects and utilizes
          the maximum number of connections available on your news
          server.


        Whats New In v6.0.1186?:

        http://www.forteinc.com/release/notes.php?id=60



        For a full listing of Forte Agent's capabilities Visit:
        http://www.forteinc.com/main/homepage.php



                      TE Release Filename: tfa1186x.zip

                                                      
                                                              
                                      
              INSTALLATION NOTES         
                                                   
                                                               
                                                             
                                                                        

        Install agentenu600-1186.exe.  After installation copy precracked
        exe from the Crack folder into the installed folder of Forte
        Agent, making sure to overwrite the existing file.  Launch Forte
        Agent and use any numerical digit serial number for registration.
        You now have a fully registered version of Forte Agent!

        Thats it!  Enjoy.

                                                         
                                      
                                          
              T E   2 0 0 9        
                              
                             
                  ascii             
           by mx    
                                                     
                          
                     Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code