"Khuda Zameen Se Gaya Nahin"
Pakistan’s Mega Drama Serial on Terrorism to be Released Soon
The production work on a mega drama serial on the isuue of militancy and terrorism “Khuda Zameen Se Gia Nahin” is in full swing these days. Written by renowned writer Asghar Nadeem Syed the Serial is being directed by a young director Kashif Nisar. Rich on the feelings of nationalism, sacrifice, valor and fighting spirit, the serial contains sequences that are akin to Hollywood production standards. These sequences have been shot on the challenging locations of Rahimyar Khan, Bahawalpur, Jehlum, Islamabad and Frontier province. Instead of using artificial sets new constructions have been undertaken to meet the demand of ‘Khuda Zameen Se Gaya Nahin’. 

Another striking aspect of this drama is that artistes from all over Pakistan have performed in the play. The cast includes Nauman Ijaz, Ayesha Khan, Ayub Khoso, Syed Jibran, Sara Chaudhry, Tipu, Irum Akhtar, Rasheed Naz, Rashid Mehmood, Asim Bokhari, Azeem Sajjad, Najeeba Faiz and Capt. Zeeshan Malik among several others. Viewers will see these artistes in a novel way depicting real life situations which have been missing in conventional drama serials. To the surprise of viewers Nauman Ijaz will be appearing as a Pushtun youth for the first time in his acting career.

The serial will depict the exploitation of youth by militants converting them into suicide bombers. It will also exhibit the agony of destruction of human psyche and relationships in wake of rampant terrorism in country in a realistic manner. The Title Track of the drama has been sung by prominent singer and nephew of legendary Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Rahat Fateh Ali Khan while the credit for earnest music goes to eminent music director Sahir Ali Bagga. The hear touching lyrics have been written by a young poet Imran Raza. The song is being telecast on all television and FM Radio networks across the country. “Khuda Zameen Se Gaya Nahin” will soon be telecast on leading TV networks all across Pakistan.



Screen Shots



