This is William Stevenson's amazing book The Bormann Brotherhood (1973) which attempts to record the fate of Martin Bormann, 2nd in command of the collapsing 3rd Reich, and his vas network of military, espionage, financial and other agents. Martin Bormann (1900-?) was the organizer, treasurer and paymaster of the Nazi Party and controlled its powerful machine. He was the contact with international bankers and industrialists who financed the Nazi Party and donated millions to Hitler. As Deputy Fuhrer and Hitler's Secretary, Bormann signed Hitler's paycheck and managed his accounts. He determined whom and what Hitler saw, and acted in his name. He also did all he could to prevent information about himself from reaching his enemies and other war criminals sank into a similar anonymity. Their postwar movements were followed by Allied joint intelligence teams, and their findings, particularly in the case of Bormann, became a primary source of information. However, the hunt for Bormann and his Nazi brothers continued into the period still covered by countries' various official secrecy acts. Bormann advanced two of internationalists' main goals: integrate Germany into a regional union (EU) by annihilating its national, cultural and racial pretensions, and establish Israel by threatening European Jews with extermination. As the author clearly asserts, he gave the lowest priority to the fate of Germany and was concerned instead with a future based on Nazi philosophy, financed by Nazi loot, supported by a personally loyal Brotherhood. It is highly unlikely that Bormann perished in war-torn Berlin, as the official historians would like us to believe. A man who carefully prepared for the survival of the Reich by setting up 750 corporations in neutral countries would have surely provided for his own escape. There have been reports that the Russians rescued Bormann and set him up in Moscow. Other reports placed him in South America. Adolph Eichmann's eldest son Horst claimed he had many conversations with him in Argentina. Obviously Bormann was working for both the Soviets and the Nazis since they were both two wings of a dialectical global conspiracy working in unison behind the scenes. Stevenson provides a suitable conclusion: "Bormann represented secret power; and in our disheveled human condition, we suspect that the trappings of democracy are more of a dangerous camouflage... that real power begins where secrecy begins. Martin Bormann... possessed that secret power... to such a degree that he was able to escape the gallows." 335 pages. A must read for everyone.
