Run Time: 101 Minutes

Starring:

Dylan Walsh
Sela Ward
Penn Badgley
Amber Heard
Jon Tenney


PLOT:

The film opens as Grady Edwards (Dylan Walsh) transforms himself in a bathroom. He shaves off his beard, dyes his hair, and takes out his brown contact lenses. He goes downstairs with his luggage, fixes himself a piece of toast with some peanut butter and drinks some coffee. As he leaves the house, the camera reveals the bodies of his wife and her two children.

Susan Harding (Sela Ward) is shopping in a grocery store with her youngest children when she meets Grady, who introduces himself as David Harris. He charms her, and six months later, they are engaged to be married. Susan's eldest son, Michael (Penn Badgley) returns home from military school and is wary of the situation. David invites him down to the basement, which is full of locked cabinets, and tries to befriend Michael over tequila shots.

One day, an elderly neighbor of Susan's warns her that America's Most Wanted ran a profile on a serial killer that looked like David. Susan laughs it off with David. Later that day, David sneaks into the neighbor's house and throws her down her basement stairs. When her body is discovered two weeks later, Michael watches as the postman tells David that the neighbor's body has been discovered by her niece. When David comes in the house, he breaks the news to the family that the neighbor had fallen and broken her neck. Michael is alarmed because he heard the entire conversation with the postman, who never told David how the woman died.

Doubts about David mount further when he quits his job working as a realtor for Susan's sister, Jackie (Paige Turco). Instead of filling out employment forms which require a photo ID and his social security number, David quits, saying he did not like the work.

At home, David throttles Susan's youngest son when he fails to turn down the volume on his video game. The son later returns from a visit with his father, who confronts David about the abuse of his son. He is furious and warns Susan that she knows nothing about David.

While Michael's girlfriend, Kelly (Amber Heard), tries to get him to focus on college applications, he grows more obsessed with the contradictions in David's stories. Michael asks his father to look into David, and his father discovers that David lied about attending the University of Oregon. When he confronts David about the lie, David kills him, while Michael and his younger brother play video games upstairs. David drags the body down into the basement, and he sends Michael a text on his father's phone saying that David checked out okay.

The situation comes to a head when Jackie hires a private investigator to look into David. Knowing his time is up, he goes to Jackie's house and kills her. He returns home and prepares to murder his new family and leave town. Determined to discover what was in the locked cabinets, Michael breaks into the basement as Kelly keeps a lookout. In the basement, Michael eventually discovers his father's body in a freezer. David knocks out Kelly and traps Michael in the basement. The commotion awakens Susan who enters the kitchen to discover Kelly unconscious and David furiously assembling murder weapons. He yells at her that it just is not working out, and that he thought she could be "Mrs. Grady Edwards". Stunned, Susan asks him to repeat the name. David grimaces and asks, "Who am I here?"

Realizing the danger, Susan runs upstairs. Michael escapes from the basement and revives Kelly. They follow David upstairs, where Susan stabs him in the neck with a piece of broken mirror. David chases them into the attic where he and Michael fight, eventually falling out of the attic and down to the ground, where they both lie unconscious. Michael comes out of a coma a month later. Kelly and Susan inform him that when the cops arrived, David had disappeared.

The film ends with a mother shopping in a home supply store with her two sons. She meets David who is an employee there. He introduces himself as Chris Ames.

