
E Frontier Shade Professional 9.2.0.92 1.30 GB English
    
Shade is the complete 3D modeling,animating and rendering tool you need to become a creative god. With ready access to Shade advanced tools,an uncluttered workspace and your imagination,you can discover what kind of digital god you are.
Create Better 3D Characters. Character designers require Shade for the simplicity of living curves. Create
breathtaking characters with natural 3D curves that are easy to modify,transform and animate.
Build Places,Locations,Environments. Traditional polygon artists can avoid curves and use the arsenal of poly selection and transformation tools to create buildings,mechanics and levels. Render into art,export for a game.
Render a Living World. Add effects,animated hair,smoke,flame and more,then render with the hyper-realistic Callisto renderer; add 3D audio directly into your animation in formats for traditional film or online video.
Transform 2D Old into 3D New. Professional illustrators and designers can re-use their work to transform 2D designs into fully 3D creations. Avoid perils of complexity with an uncluttered canvas and just the palettes you need.

Shade Professional Advanced Features:
All the features of Shade Standard Edition,plus.
RoomPlanner. 
Design rooms and floor buildings in 2D,then auto-create your rooms and floors in 3D,with windows and doors. Cut away walls,apply precision control over wall depth and more. A great resource for rapid creation of sets,simulations and scene recreations. 
SolidTexture. 
A plugin that provides 10 additional parameterized texture types (Grid,Bump Array,Brick,Blob,Beehive,Sand,Veins,Triangle Check,Gradation,and fBm) and dialog controls. 
CALLISTO. 
Callisto is a highly customizable plugin renderer that allows even greater realism with micro polygon subdivision,great control over antialiasing,photon mapping and more. 
Expanded Camera Effects. 
DepthPlus applies the depth of field effect using a sophsticated post effect process to achieve more photo-realistic effects based on color,range,simulated camera appertures,and can also be animated using a controller. Glow Effector generates customized lens flares for distant lights,point lights,spotlights,and highlights on an object,in rendered images. 
Expanded Visual Effects. 
Shade Particle effects are used for creating realistic splashes of water,sparks of fire and more out of many standard Shade 3D objects and lights. Environmental plugin FogPlus adds advanced fog effects to rendered images. Use as an effector during rendering or as a post effect. A special FogPlus Controller joint allows FogPlus parameters to be animated. 
Forced Balls. 
Forced Balls lets you create physical simulations involving moving spheres. Specify velocity,gravity,and collisions,and then used to make an animation. Apply viscosity to create unusual liquid effects 
In sets of 5 Content Packs for Shade (in the format model. Shd).
Volume 1: Interior Furniture
Volume 2: City
Volume 3: Cars and Transport
Volume 4: Rock Instruments
Volume 5: Orchestral Instruments
System requirements:
Windows 32 bit:
Windows 2000 (Service Pack 4),XP (Service Pack 3),Vista (Service Pack 1)
Intel Pentium 3,AMD Athlon XP or faster processor (must be SSE-compatible)
512 MB RAM (1 GB recommended)
1 GB free hard drive space (5 GB recommended)
DVD-ROM drive
1,024 x 768 resolution monitor with 24-bit color
NVIDIA GeForce FX,ATI RADEON 9000,Intel GMA 900 or later graphics card recommended
Windows 64 bit:
Windows XP Professional x64 Edition,Vista x64
AMD64 processor or EM64T Intel processor
512 MB RAM (1 GB recommended)
1 GB free hard drive space (5 GB recommended)
DVD-ROM drive
1,024 x 768 resolution monitor with 24-bit color
NVIDIA GeForce FX,ATI RADEON 9000,Intel GMA 900 or later graphics card recommended
Program is full versionworking and tested.
Virus Scanned
Installation Instructions Included.
5 Content Packs Included
More Info
> > >http://www mirye net
