HORROR
SILENT HILL DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x272[wide screen]
runtime 125:30mins
video bitrate 768
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

cast

Radha Mitchell
Sean Bean
Laurie Holden
Jodelle Ferland
Deborah Kara Unger
Alice Krige
Tanya Allen
Kim Coates

PLOT

Rose (Radha Mitchell) and her husband Christopher Da Silva (Sean Bean) are concerned about their adopted daughter Sharon (Jodelle Ferland) who has been experiencing nightmares and has begun sleepwalking. Their only clue to the girl's condition is her repetition of the name "Silent Hill." Desperate for answers, Rose takes Sharon to the town of Silent Hill, West Virginia. On her way there, she attracts the suspicions of police officer Cybil Bennett (Laurie Holden), who gives chase on her motorbike. It is in the midst of this chase that Rose and Sharon arrive at Silent Hill: as they enter, Rose crashes the car in an attempt to avoid a mysterious child in the middle of the road, knocking herself unconscious. When she awakens, Sharon is nowhere to be seen, and strange mist has descended and ash is falling from the sky.
Rose (Radha Mitchell) chasing a mysterious girl through the streets of Silent Hill.

Rose searches the empty streets of the town for her missing child. Instead, she encounters a series of monstrous creatures and a ragged woman named Dahlia Gillespie (Deborah Kara Unger) who speaks of terrible things done to her own daughter, Alessa, by the townspeople. She claims that Sharon is actually her own daughter, not Rose's. Rose later encounters Cybil, who immediately arrests her. Upon discovering that the road out of the town has mysteriously disappeared, they are attacked by a deformed creature, and Rose escapes handcuffed. As events unfold, Cybil allows her to go free and the two work side-by-side to survive in the hellish town[4].

Scenes of their search are interspersed with scenes of Christopher's seemingly simultaneous search of the town (which is shown to be abandoned but otherwise normal; no mist, no falling ash), with the reluctant assistance of Officer Thomas Gucci (Kim Coates), who admits to have grown up in Silent Hill. Christopher discovers documents showing the town was abandoned after a terrible fire 30 years ago, along with a photo of Dahlia's daughter who bears a remarkable resemblance to Sharon. Christopher is arrested by Officer Gucci when he tries to question the nun at the Toluca County Orphanage about Sharon and Alessa, and is told to stop investigating Silent Hill under threat of incarceration. Additionally, Officer Gucci shows Christopher his hideously scarred hands (hidden by leather gloves), which will later connect him to Alessa's story. Faced with this, Christopher very relunctantly gives up the search and heads home.

Meanwhile, Rose and Cybil find refuge from Silent Hill's many monsters in the town church, where they discover the remaining townspeople, a religious cult, headed by Christabella (Alice Krige). After convincing Christabella that she wants to find "the demon" so feared by the townspeople, Rose (along with Cybil) is taken to a hospital in the town, where they are told the darkness resides. Here, Christabella discovers the likeness between Sharon and Alessa - via the photo of Sharon in Rose's locket - and condemns Rose and Cybil as witches. An attempt is made to catch them: Cybil sacrifices herself to enable Rose to escape and is captured and beaten with pipes by the townspeople while Rose descends into the basement of the hospital. Rose eventually encounters a badly burned figure - Alessa - in a hospital bed and a mysterious little girl who strongly resembles the missing Sharon.

In an extended flashback, Rose discovers the truth: Silent Hill has a long history of ritual witch burnings, stemming from the puritan-like fanaticism of the cult, which has a strong presence within the town. Thirty years before the start of the movie, Alessa, whose mother was a member of said cult, was heavily stigmatized as an incarnation of sin for having been born out of wedlock and having been abandoned by her father: her schoolmates bully and humiliate her, with adults doing no apparent effort to protect Alessa (making no move to help even when, after taking refuge from the jeering in a bathroom, locking herself in with an orderly named Colin, who is implied to have raped/hurt her: Dahlia is later shown trying to coax her out, alone). In her desperation, Dahlia agrees to Christabella's suggestions that she allow them to 'restore the innocence' in her daughter. The cult gathers at Silent Hill's Grand Hotel for this purpose. When not allowed to follow her daughter into the ritual, Dahlia guesses at the cult's ill intentions and runs for the police.

In the meantime, Alessa is subjected to a hideous ritual burning: the conditions of her birth are seen by the cult as marks of sin, for which they must burn her or face the Apocalypse. However, in the midst of the ritual, the cage by which she is suspended directly above the red hot coals swings, dumping the coal and setting fire to the hotel, then the city. When Dahlia returns to the still smoldering hotel with the police, Alessa is burnt beyond recognition but still alive. Notably, Alessa's rescue is performed by Officer Gucci (whose burns are revealed to have been caused by grabbing the still hot iron cage in an effort to open it).

Rose is also told that Sharon is a manifestation of Alessa's remaining innocence and goodness, sent away to the orphanage, where she was subsequently adopted by Rose and Christopher. After the flashback, Rose is told that she must aid Alessa in her revenge by granting her entry to the church (which she cannot enter due to the 'blind faith' within it): she is also told that Christabella will soon find Sharon and attempt to burn her as well. Rose agrees to help Alessa get her revenge.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0384537/



PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS