Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


Tyrese Darnell Gibson (born December 30, 1978), also known simply as Tyrese, is an American R&B singer, songwriter, rapper, actor, former fashion model and MTV VJ. After releasing several albums, he transitioned into films, with lead roles in several Hollywood films.

Gibson has been attached to a new R&B supergroup called TGT with Ginuwine and Tank. He is quoted as saying "With all the support our fans have given us individually over the years for our distinct signature styles, collectively we felt our fans deserved to hear great music in a way that they could never have imagined. I've known these guys for years and they truly are like brothers, so it only felt right to come together as a trio to make history". The group is first featured on Tank's remix to the song "Please Don't Go". They also plan an international tour entitled "The Shirts Off Tour" which is set to start in February 2008.

He has also created a three-issue mini-series called Mayhem!, to be published by Image Comics, one of which is already available as an iTunes LP.

I Wanna Go There is the third studio album by singer Tyrese. "How You Gonna Act Like That" remains as his biggest hit, peaking at #7 on the US Billboard Hot 100.

In 2006, Tyrese starred in Waist Deep; his co-stars in the film, Meagan Good and Larenz Tate, are personal friends of Gibson's in real life. Like several of his previous roles, the film is set in an urban environment, but Gibson has said that he does not view the role as a "step back", rather seeing the film as taking "another direction" due to some of its themes and action sequences.

He appeared in the 2007 action film Transformers. The film's director, Michael Bay, had Gibson in mind for the role before he was cast, and thus Gibson did not have to audition for the part. Gibson may also star in a film version of the superhero Luke Cage; as of 2006, the script was being re-formatted. Gibson also appeared in action thriller Death Race.

In 2009, he reprised his role as Air Force Chief Master Sergeant Robert Epps in Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. He was scheduled to make an appearance in Fast & Furious, the fourth installment in the The Fast and the Furious film series, but it never happened. It is speculated that Gibson may appear in a potential fifth installment.

This video has no logo.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

