GRANT GREEN GRANT’S FIRST STAND
Release Date: January 28, 1961
Label:BlueNote
Format:Flac



Grant Green's debut album, Grant's First Stand, still ranks as one of his greatest pure soul-jazz outings, a set of killer grooves laid down by a hard-swinging organ trio. For having such a small lineup -- just organist Baby Face Willette and drummer Ben Dixon -- the group cooks up quite a bit of power, really sinking its teeth into the storming up-tempo numbers, and swinging loose and easy on the ballads. The influence of the blues on both Green and Willette is strong and, while that's far and away the dominant flavor of the session, Green also displays his unique bop phrasing (learned by studying horn players' lines, rather than other guitarists) to fine effect on his high-octane opener, "Miss Ann's Tempo," and Willette's "Baby's Minor Lope." Green's original blues "A Wee Bit O'Green" and "Blues for Willarene" are both memorable, particularly the former, and the two standards -- "Lullaby of the Leaves" and "'Tain't Nobody's Bizness If I Do" -- are given smoky treatments soaked in bluesy, late-night atmosphere. Willette and Dixon both supply a tremendous rhythmic drive, and Willette's solos burn with gospel fervor. This same trio performed together on Willette's Stop and Listen album, with equally heated results. None of Green's contemporaries used the single-note style (Green rarely played chords, leaving that to the organ or piano) to quite the same degree, making him a unique voice on his instrument. And his terrific debut pegged him as an up-and-comer to watch closely. ~ Steve Huey, All Music Guide 



1 Miss Ann's Tempo  (5:39) 
2 Lullaby of the Leaves  (7:42) 
3 Blues for Willareen  (7:08 ) 
4 Baby's Minor Lope  (7:18 ) 
5 'Tain't Nobody's Bizness If I Do (4:26) 
6 A Wee Bit O'Green  (7:47



Recorded at the Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey on November 16, 1960 and October 27, 1961. 

Personnel: Grant Green (guitar); Sonny Clark, Wynton Kelly (piano); Paul Chambers, Butch Warren (bass); Philly Joe Jones, Billy Higgins (drums).
