My name is Henrik Ryosa & I have been producing melodic heavy metal and other music independently for over 10 years now. I really believe in the music I make, which is varied from metal, to folk, classical, electronic, soundtracks etc. This may be naive of me but I think a person or band or company should just be able to create whatever comes from their heart, and not only be concerned about what a fanbase thinks, or whether it's something that record labels and the media will eat up - my philosophy is to just make music, from me to you - and that hard work will pay off because I think good people exist. But I don't think it is naive, even if I have not exactly become rich off it. After all, the record industry itself is stumbling, and they're blaming people like you for it.

In Sweden, where I operate VoxHouse Studio, there is a torrent site, you may have heard of them: The Pirate Bay. You could probably say a number of things about them, but what is clear is that they embodied the fight for a new era of music distribution. There's something to be said for the convenience of being able to think of something you're in the mood to listen to, and potentially within a few minutes, be listening to it on your ipod or computer.

For people like me, and maybe you too if you're an artist, this is potentially very beneficial, as this means we can also *release* music on a quicker timetable, and we don't have to deal with as many corporate middlemen, or prohibitive pressing costs. We own our music absolutely - and why not?

If you agree that this is the way it should be, then I ask simply that if you enjoy my work, which I have provided to you freely, consider showing your support in any of the following ways:

1. Visit voxhouse.net, and purchase the songs you want to, they're cheaper than iTunes (a measly $0.89 each!) but you also have the option of donating whatever you'd like to give on top. In return you recieve a special license code that not only shows you own the music legally, but is REDEEMABLE TOWARD HARD GOODS. Such as a special autographed mega-collection of all my music EVER, that's nearly 100 tracks including unreleased material, collabs, live stuff, demos, and alternate versions of songs, which is otherwisek7jnh available for $20 USD. Or how about the graphic novel we publish featuring our in house series? In the near future we'll also be rolling out dvd's, posters, clothing etc which you can all get as our way of saying thanks.

2. Network with us, and spread word to your friends.
Studio Website: http://voxhouse.net
Facebook Music Page:Channel:
Twitter:

Thanks everyone.

----------------------------------------

Contents of this torrent:
15 MP3 tracks, Running time 55 minutes.
Mistral - Best of Mistral 2001-2006 (Melodic Metal)
Ill Omen Nation - Some one off tunes from 09/10, it's Mistral with a new name
Henrik Ryosa - Soundtrack/Instrumentals: I do this stuff for hire for films, games etc.
Shortcut to Voxhouse Studio's site
This readme.