Season 10, Episode 19: Dominion

Vala gambles, wins a cargo ship, but is found cheating; then Adria appears, throws everyone out and claims she has a new Ori fleet and an operational intergalactic Stargate. Vala tells her scary daughter how she helped Daniel, after a dream, reading the mysterious clava thessara-symbol's mystery, which led to a single planet address, where Athena's treasure house must be; after a disastrous visit there, the team refused to follow the next interpretation, fearing it's just a trap set up by Adria, so Vala is declared a security risk, grounded and confined to Area 51, but escapes through the Stargate. Adria takes her along as she hears the team still plans to visit the address, by starship. Upon arrival, they are trapped by SG-1, which however finds itself surrounded by lord Ba'al's troops. Ba'al uses the rings to beam up Adria into an electromagnetic cage in his starship. Back on Earth, General Landry worries what damage the two might do together and wants Adria back. Daniel and Sam now show Vala she has been implanted by Galaran technology with fake recollections of her entire adventure 'til the meeting with Adria. Even though she claims that's impossible, Ba'al is confident he can take control over Adria's loyal Ori troops through her- by implanting a symbiote. The team finds Ba'al's Jaffa and clones killed by symbiote poison, except one Jaffa who secretly used tretonin. The team ring-beams from the cloaked Odyssey starship into Ba'al's, shoots him and captures Adria, but back on Earth, she is found to be under the control of his symbiote. Instead of just killing the evil double, they contact the Tok'ra which send Ta'Seem to extract the symbiote and replace it with a Tok'ra one, but Ba'al manages to poison Adria, who has to be put down. Suddenly Adria wakes up, uses mind-power barricading herself in the sick bay with Vala, tells them she needs time to prepare for ascension, as Daniel guesses outside, and succeeds before the team can cut their way in by blow torch. Nobody knows what this will mean for the future, especially as it remains uncertain whether the Ori are still alive. If not, she may have gained all their former powers, and at least one clone of Ba'al still remains... 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Season 10, Episode 20: Unending

General Landry accompanies SG-1 on a mission to collect the knowledge of the Asgard. When the Ori show up however, Sam is forced to evacuate the crew and Landry and SG-1 stay aboard, but are stuck helpless in a time dilation field for decades. 
