Behind Formerly Closed Doors...
Monday, February 1, 2010
Today President Obama submitted his budget proposal to Congress.  Or at least to the Democrats in Congress. The Republicans have rejected it before they see it—even though it incorporates several traditional Republican ideas like nuclear power and a partial spending freeze. The Republicans would reject their own dinner orders if they were served up by Barack Obama. This is a proposal for a $3.8 trillion budget. I think any time you’re spending  money in the trillions of dollars, it really shouldn’t be called a “budget.” “Budget” is an absurd term for any number with 13 places before the decimal point. But then hey, this plan is pretty good… as proposals to spend $3.8 trillion go. There are certainly worse ways to spend trillions of dollars—and we saw them all under Bush. And that’s the reason for this budget. In a sense, this is the first budget aimed at undoing the damage done under Bush. We have to spend trillions to fix the problems created by the trillions George Bush spent.

If you missed the most colorful event this side of Lady Gaga at the Grammies this weekend, President Obama made an unscripted appearance at the big gathering for Republican House members .  Actually it was more of a smackdown—professional wrestling style. I was almost waiting for Obama to hit somebody with a folding chair. Obama had surprised the Republicans by asking that cameras and reporters be allowed in the room. The Republicans would have been a lot happier if no cameras had been there. Too late. I’m sure Brett Favre and the Minnesota Vikings would have been a lot happier if no cameras were at last week’s loss to the Saints. I’d say it was a lively back-and-forth, but the Republicans had no back to go with Obama’s forth. The exchange was like the British practice where the prime minister submits to questions from the House of Commons. There were differences, of course—the British already have universal healthcare. Ironically, this kind of Q&A was something John McCain had promised to do if elected president. Gee, between that and a spending freeze, it seems Obama is keeping most of McCain’s campaign promises. In their true miss-the-point style, Republicans tried to spin the exchange as a victory because Obama acknowledged he had read their proposals and incorporated some into his initiatives. They didn’t mention that then they voted against them—and then they went to the ribbon-cutting ceremonies for them. Hey, that’s the sort of triple-axel spin moves that’ll keep Republicans amusing, if irrelevant, in the upcoming budget negotiations.