Digital Tutors – ‘Infiltrator’ Production Pipeline Volume 1 : Concept Design & Storyboarding


In this series of lessons, we’ll focus on the concept design and storyboarding section of the ‘Infiltrator’ production pipeline.

We’ll get started by learning how we can quickly generate several rough ideas for our character concept using simple silhouettes. From there, we’ll choose our favorite silhouette and begin drawing the rough line work of our character. Once we’ve finished, we’ll begin refining and cleaning up the line work to prepare it for color. Next, we’ll learn one method of painting color values onto our character and blending them to create the illusion of a 3 dimensional image. Finally, we’ll walk through the storyboarding of a short animated sequence for our character. After completing this course, you will have a good idea of how to create and develop a character for animation. You’ll also understand how to go about storyboarding out an animated sequence for a character.

1.  Introduction and Project Overview
2.  Idea generation through silhouettes
3.  Pulling additional details out of select silhouettes
4.  Rough line work: Basic proportions and positioning
5.  Rough line work: Focusing on leg anatomy
6.  Rough line work: Detailing the character’s right legs
7.  Rough line work: Detailing the character’s arms and head
8.  Rough line work: Detailing the character’s left legs and torso
9.  Refined line work: Neck and torso
10. Refined line work: Torso and neck
11. Refined line work: Upper right legs
12. Refined line work: Lower right legs
13. Refined line work: Arms
14. Refined line work: Left legs
15. Refined line work: Left legs and touch up
16. Color: Applying a quick range of values
17. Color: Beginning to blend values17. Color: Beginning to blend values
18. Color: Blending our character’s right legs and arms
19. Color: Blending our character’s left legs
20. Color: Blending our character’s head and torso
21. Color: Adding highlights
22. Color: Finishing highlights and final touches
23. Storyboarding: Breaking down the sequence
24. Storyboarding: Beginnin