Tomb Raider 3 unfolds in a much less linear fashion than Lara's previous adventures. Lara will once again span the globe from the arctic to the islands of the South Pacific. But this time gamers will be able to choose their own destiny by selecting the order in which they play each of the four main levels. The levels are also more open, with multiple routes to the same end--so choose wisely, or you might miss part of the adventure.

Bigger Badder and Better than Ever!Product InformationJoin Lara in her biggest adventure to date in the phenomenal Tomb Raider series. Play through five huge worlds in any order on the quest for an ancient meteor rumored to have life-giving powers. New puzzles environments and even a few old enemies like the infamous T-Rex await you. From the jungles of India to the icy wastes of Antarctica across the rooftops of London and into the depths of Nevada's mysterious Area 51 Lara is ready for anything. Prepare to be amazed! Product Features Defend against hyenas monkeys piranhas and the infamous T-Rex with new weapons like the Grenade Launcher Desert Eagle and Rocket Launcher! Use speed dash monkey swing kayak and quad bike to help Lara out of tricky situations. Play in any order as you follow Lara through the South Pacific Antarctica Area 51 London and India. Incredible new graphic effects include multi-colored lighting rippling water reflections fog and changing weather effects.

System Requirements
Windows 98 Me XP Pentium 166 MMX MHz processor without hardware acceleration; 133 MHz with hardware acceleration (200 MHz or faster recommended) 16 MB RAM (32 MB recommended) 4 MB SVGA video card & color monitor Windows-compatible sound & video cards 4X CD-ROM drive DirectX 5.2 or higher (included on disc) Supports all 100% Direct3D compliant accelerator cards (3D acceleration recommended)

-RIPPED-
music,movies

1 - Extract
2 - Play with "TOMB3.EXE" (Note if it doesn't run,run it as administrator)
3 - SEED

PLEASE SEED WHEN YOUR DOWNLOAD IS COMPLETE