Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"One Less Lonely Girl" is a song by Canadian recording artist, Justin Bieber. The song was written and produced by Bieber's mentor, Usher, Ezekiel Lewis, Balewa Muhammad of The Clutch, and A-Rex duo Sean Hamilton and Hyuk Shin. It was released exclusively to iTunes as the second single from his debut studio album, My World on October 6, 2009, and was later released to more digital distributions and mainstream radio soon after.

The song was positively received, commending song delivery, comparing it to pop music and R&B ballads by Chris Brown and Beyoncé. It was a success in the United States & Canada, remaining to be Bieber's highest peaks in the countries at sixteen and ten, respectively. It also charted in Belgium (Flanders) and Germany within the top thirty, and also charted in Austria. The music video features Bieber attracted to a girl he sees in the laundromat, as he leads her on a scavenger hunt to win a date with her. Bieber has performed the song in a number of live appearances including the his U.S. promotion & Jingle Ball tour, the Fearless Tour, and on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest.

In an October 7, 2009 exclsuive with MTV News, Bieber confirmed that a music video had been shot in a small suburb of Nashville, Tennessee with Roman White who directed the music video for "You Belong With Me" by Taylor Swift. The video premiered on perezhilton.com on October 9, 2009, and was released to iTunes three days later. It later premiered on Bieber's official site andon October 13, 2009. Bieber's mother, Pattie Malette, makes a cameo during the flower stand scene in the music video. While filming the music video, Bieber joked and said, "It’s like the biggest town I’ve ever been in." He went on to say, "“It’s really small and quaint and cute and cool. Everyone probably knows everyone I guess." Promotional photography took place around the town a few days before the rest of the video shoot, including Bieber holding posters of his first shoot, and with an old turquoise truck. The video was the first to feature Bieber wearing his signature dog tag. In a behind-the-scenes feature, Bieber said that a fan gave it to him, and it belonged to one of their friends that died in the war. Bieber stated, "I wear it because its cool and kind of a memory." The basic concept of the video is Bieber's goal to win a girl's heart after leading her around the town. Director Roman White said, "It’s romantic, it’s in a laundromat […] that’s all it takes to win a girl is strung lights."

In the music video, Bieber is attracted to a girl he sees every day washing clothes at the local laundromat. In the opening scenes, Bieber is wearing a green hooded sweatshirt, similar to the grey one he wore in the "One Time" video, along with a cranberry shirt. One day while he is waiting for his clothes and is tuning his guitar, she drops a scarf, and he picks it up. In the laundromat scene Bieber is wearing a mixed purple, blue & orange plaid collared shirt, with a dark purple tee. The girl comes back the next day however he is not there. He then posts a sign beside the washer that he found her missing scarf. He leads the girl on a scavenger hunt for the scarf, posting signs with pictures of him on them around the town to encourage her to go on a date with him. He takes pictures of him in situations such as buying chocolate for her and the puppies scene, and others, with notes doting quips of what he would do for her. During the date and ending scenes Bieber has on a white striped collared shirt, with a dark cyan tee. She finally finds him at the end of the video and they have their date.

MTV called the video "lost-and-found action with a scarf that eventually leads to some young love," and gives credit to Bieber as a new sensation, stating "The setting for "One Less Lonely Girl" seems to be Main Street, USA [...] And why not? Is this kid not the slice of apple pie cooling on the window sill of the American teen dream?" AOL calls the video a "treasure hunt" and commended the pet store scene, saying "An [sic] then, as if the video couldn't get more cute, they bring out the puppies."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

