equinox                
                                                                    
                        presents                                  
                                                                 
                   Studio HD Ultimate Collection      
            .                                                     
    .  .
    .    cracker Team EQUiNOX  releasedate 12 / 2009     :
    supplier Team EQUiNOX  OStype WinALL        :
       packer Team EQUiNOX  #ofdisks 54 x 4.76MB   :
      tester Team EQUiNOX  softwaretype Utility       :
      protection Handschuh     rating You decide!   :
      
                                               .    
        .      .              .               
       .                 .                  
                                         
              elease  notes             .                 
                                            
      
    
            
          
             Now even simpler to use, our user-friendly drag-and-drop      
                 interface makes it a breeze to create your own                
             Hollywood-quality HD movies with music, stunning new montage  
              themes, transitions, animations and effects. Powered by       
                   technology from Avid used in major motion pictures worldwide.
                                                                                 
                   Create your best movies yet with everything you need for      
                   Ultimate creative control.                                    
                                                                                 
                   Boost your story with our top-tier release from the Pinnacle  
                   Studio Family, Pinnacle Studio Ultimate Collection. The      
                   collection includes a complete set of plug-ins and a          
                   Chroma-key green screen for advanced effects, editing and     
                   production, in addition to feature-rich Studio Ultimate       
                   software. With a new, simpler interface, create top-quality   
                   movies in high-definition video, include stunning effects,    
                   transitions, animation, and incredible Dolby Digital 5.1     
                   sound, empowered by new tools from Avids professional lines  
                   of film-editing products. Then, dazzle your audience when you 
                   share your sensations in widescreen format. Sharing options   
                   are as limitless as your creativity: from Blu-ray and AVCHD to
                  iPod, Nintendo Wii, and more.                        
               
                                                                             
              
                                                                        
                                          
             nstallation  notes                              
                                     
                                                                     
        
              - check readme.txt                                            
                                                                            
                Note : You need Framework v3.5SP1 to make this run            
                                                                                  
                    Ripped : all textures, sounds, samples, help files, foreign   
                                  languages except French, German & ofc English!  
                                                                                  
                    After installation uncheck Guided Tour & Load the demonstratio                                                               
                    Movie, they're gone. Only essential stuff was kept here. For  
                    the rest, get the iso!                                        
                
                     
                                                                         
                                                                        
                                             
             pplications                                  
                                         
                                                                   
         
           
            We're in great need of new talented people, such as:
              
                - Suppliers, can you supply unreleased and new software? 
               - Crackers, able to break apps with today's protections?
               - Shells, host shells on a fast eu/us connection?
                  - Dumps, 100mbit+, with atleast 500Gb of storage?
              
                 
                
                                                                         
                                                                        
                                                
             reets                                        
                                               
                                                             
                                                                       
          
                       
                          
     .     .        BLiZZARD, DFS, DW2K, DYNASTY, ENFUSiA                     
                       
        .                MYTH, SSG, TYPO, ViRiLiTY
            .     
                
                                                                            
                .                                                         
             .                              /TEAM EQUiNOX               
                                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                 
          .    . 
                .     
         .
                                                  
                                     .               
                                                                      
               arfer(DFS)