No watermark, no logos. Simply the video. (Format WMV, ~800x480)

INFO

"Fireflies" is a 2009 single by Owl City, a project consisting of synthpop artist Adam Young. The song is from the album Ocean Eyes.

The video features Adam Young playing the song on his synthesizer in a toy-filled bedroom, where most of the toys come to life. It was directed by Steve Hoover.

The song has reached #39 on Billboard's Rock Songs Chart, #31 on Alternative Songs, #32 on Digital Songs, and #13 on the Heatseekers chart as of September 18, 2009. Currently the single is at #46 on the Billboard Hot 100, moving up from #58, and is in rotation on mtvU. As of now, Fireflies has peaked at #10 on the iTunes Comprehensive Charts.

Ocean Eyes is the 2009 sophomore album from Owl City, a project consisting of synthpop artist Adam Young. The album features guest vocals by Relient K vocalist Matt Thiessen on "Fireflies", "Cave In", "The Bird and the Worm" and "Tidal Wave." It was released on July 14, 2009, to iTunes, and on September 1, 2009 to stores. On July 14, 2009, the song "Fireflies" was chosen as the Single of the Week by the iTunes music store. This led to a huge success as the song was downloaded over 650,000 times and helped the album peak at #2 on the store. This success also led to the record company pushing back the release date of the physical copy of the album from July 28, 2009 to September 1, 2009. The album sold approximately 18,000 copies digitally in its debut week. The building on the cover is the Burj Al Arab in Dubai.

LYRICS

You would not believe your eyes
If ten million fireflies lit up the world as I fell asleep
'Cause they'd fill the open air
And leave teardrops everywhere
You'd think me rude but I would just stand and stare

Chorus:
I'd like to make myself believe
That planet Earth turns slowly
It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep
'Cause everything is never as it seems

'Cause I'd get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs
As they tried to teach me how to dance
A foxtrot above my head
A sock hop beneath my bed
A disco ball is just hanging by a thread

[Repeat Chorus:]

When I fall asleep leave my door open just a crack
[ Owl City Lyrics are found on www.songlyrics.com ] 
(Please take me away from here)
'Cause I feel like such an insomniac
(Please take me away from here)
Why do I tire of counting sheep
(Please take me away from here)
When I'm far too tired to fall asleep

To ten million fireflies
I'm weird 'cause I hate goodbyes
I got misty eyes as they said farewell
But I'll know where several are
If my dreams get real bizarre
'Cause I saved a few and I keep them in a jar

[Repeat Chorus:] (2x)

(I fall asleep)
I'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly
It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep
Because my dreams are bursting at the seams


First torrent upload :D