Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"By the Sword" is the first official single from the album Slash by current Velvet Revolver and former Guns N' Roses lead guitarist Slash. It features Andrew Stockdale of Wolfmother  on vocals and was released as a digital single on March 16, 2010. It was released in the UK on March 28, 2010. The cover was drawn by Ralph Steadman.

The song was premiered on February 26, 2010, on spinner.com.

The song was debuted live for the first time on November 22, 2009, at the Slash & friends performance, where Slash was joined by Andrew Stockdale to play the song live, along with Dave Navarro, Chris Chaney and Travis Barker.

In April 2010, both Slash and Andrew Stockdale performed the song live on The Tonight Show, Lopez Tonight, and The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.

Slash is the debut solo album by former Guns N' Roses and current Velvet Revolver guitarist, Slash. The album was produced by Eric Valentine and features multiple musicians including four of the five members of the Appetite for Destruction era Guns N' Roses lineup: Slash, Izzy Stradlin, Duff McKagan and Steven Adler.

Upon release, Slash entered the Billboard 200 charts at number 3 (also at number one on the Rock, Hard Rock, Digital and the Independent Albums Chart) with 61,000 copies sold during the first week.  The album also debuted at number one in Canada, Austria, New Zealand and Sweden while it also broke into the top 20 in Germany, Finland, Australia, France, Norway, Poland  and Switzerland.

The album's first single, By the Sword (feat. Andrew Stockdale) charted at number 47 on the Rock Songs Chart while the songs Beautiful Dangerous (feat. Fergie) and the cover of Paradise City (feat. Fergie & Cypress Hill) charted at number 11 and number 75 on the Heatseekers Songs and Canadian Hot 100 respectively.

The album has received generally mixed reviews, scoring a 54 out of 100 ("mixed or average reviews") on Metacritic. MTV News Writer Kyle Anderson called the album "a tremendous collection of hard rock songs that center around the axe man's signature chunky, swirling riffs.... On balance, it's an excellent album, and it feels good to have that classic Slash sound back." Writer Shelby Powell took note of Slash's precision on guitar, rating the album 3.5/5 thumbs, but took off points for "a little too much reverence paid to the 90’s and some of the feature selections may have old head purists poking their bottom lips out and putting their lighters down," but concludes that "the assortment of genres blends well."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

