PROUDLY PRESENTS

                   D16.Group.Drumazon.VSTi.v1.4.0.Incl.Keygen 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : KEYFiLE      
                            SIZE ......: 02 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.d16.pl 

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   Drumazon synthesis  emulates all  the sounds  of the  original 9O9. All the 
   instruments are synthesized  in exactly the  same way as  the original. All 
   the nuances and detail of the original are captured perfectly. In addition, 
   all Drumazon instruments have  enhanced controls. This extra  functionality 
   allows the user  to adjust the  sounds further than  on the original  unit. 
   This opens up a whole new world of sound creation 
             
   Outputs   
             
   Drumazon  has a  flexible output  configuration. Every  instrument's audio 
   signal can be routed to any of the 11 outputs. This allows users to further 
   shape sounds individually or in  groups via their favourite plug-ins.  Each 
   individual output can be set to mono or stereo. Every instrument also has a 
   Mute and Solo button.  Mute will not just  silence the sound, it  will stop 
   the sound being triggered. Solo will stop all other instruments from  being 
   triggered and only allow the selected sound(s) to play. 
             
   Control   
             
   Drumazon has extensive midi control. Midi notes can be used to trigger each 
   individual sound. Alternatively, the  internal sequencer can be  used. This 
   can be set to  play using Drumazon's internal  clock or set to  synchronize 
   perfectly  to the  host sequencer.  Most of  Drumazon's parameters  can be 
   automated within the host and also controlled using MidiCC with an external 
   controller. An easy-to-use Midi  Learn function allows reassignment  of any 
   of the parameters. 
             
   Internal Sequencer 
             
   Within the internal  sequencer, patterns are  stored in 8  banks. Each bank 
   can  store up  to 12  patterns. Each  pattern consists  of 16  steps. Each 
   pattern location has a midi note number assigned to it. The patterns can be 
   edited traditionally using the step buttons or using the tap function.  The 
   internal sequencer has various modes  of operation. In Chain Mode,  a range 
   of patterns are selected from the internal banks and are played through  in 
   a circular fashion. Patterns can also be triggered freely by selecting  the 
   corresponding midi  note (for  example, from  a midi  controller keyboard). 
   External controllers can be used in  any mode to provide full control  over 
   pattern  playback.  A  Randomizer  function  is  also  provided  within the 
   internal sequencer. It can be used  to make simple changes to a  pattern or 
   create  a  whole  new one  -  ideal  when your  creativity  needs  a boost! 
   Randomizing can be applied to specific instruments and specific steps.  The 
   frequency of occurrence  can also be  adjusted to give  you just the  right 
   amount. Files are stored in the XML format. This allows single patterns  or 
   whole banks to be exchanged between  users easily. XML allows the files  to 
   be edited in a text editor. Ideal if you want to post or share a pattern on 
   a web site -just post the text!  
             
   Presets   
             
   The settings for  each instrument can  be stored in  it's own preset.  Each 
   instrument  preset  can  be loaded  in  individually.  This allows  maximum 
   flexibility when putting kits  of instruments together. A  dedicated Preset 
   Manager is provided  to help the  user manage the  sounds within their  own 
   unique library. 
             
             
   Full Features: 
             
             
   truly emulated instruments' synthesis  
             
   perfectly scaled knob ranges  with few modifications enlarging  spectrum of 
   the sounds  
             
   exhanced control of instruments' sound  
             
   dynamic signal routing from instruments to outputs  
             
   user defined plugin outputs settings  
             
   mutes/solos for each instrument (affect triggerring not just the signal)  
             
   fully controllable via MidiCC  
             
   quick midiCC assignation with MidiLearn function  
             
   many ways of controlling the device:  
             
   external mode (note mode)  
             
   internal sequencer (pattern mode) with 3 submodes  
             
   external mode:  
             
   midi map equivalent with the classic drum machine's map  
             
   midi tune and velocity controls instruments' levels and tunes  
             
   internal sequencer:  
             
   8 banks with 12 patterns per bank  
             
   each pattern up to 16 steps of length  
             
   each pattern defined with one of four available measures  
             
   each step can be defined normal or flamed and accented or not  
             
   shuffle mode  
             
   flam mode  
             
   tap mode  
             
   chain mode  
             
   Shuffle, Flam and TotalAccent values defined globally and per pattern  
             
   Scale function and intelligent Rescale (automatically stretches pattern  to 
   the chosen measure)  
             
   built  in  Randomizer (selection  of  instruments to  random,  steps to  be 
   affected, frequency of the randomized notes and more)  
             
   patterns import/export via human readable xml files  
             
   two modes of synchronization:  
             
   precise synchronization to the host tempo  
             
   synchronization to internal  clock - tempo  controlled in the  range 30-303 
   BPM (+-0.1)  
             
   individual presets per instrument with preset manager to easy control  
             
             
   Changes in v1.4.0 
             
             
   fixed issue with preset name keyboard focus  
             
   fixed hanging GUI issue during simultaneous work with other d16 plugins  
             
   fixed issue with loading/saving current pattern 


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Use Keygen to create your Drumazon.key 
                     and copy it into installation folder 
                            
                  3) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009