The complete second season of Closer To Truth, 14 episodes:

201 - Can We Imagine The Far Future?
202 - What Are The Next Breakthroughs In Science?
203 - How Does Creativity Work, at Work?
204 - Do Brains Make Minds?
205 - Will Gene Therapy Change the Human Race?
206 - Why are Music and Art So Exhilarating?
207 - Why is Quantum Physics So Beautiful?
208 - Thinking Out The Last Millennium?
209 - Who Needs Sex Therapy?
210 - How Does Technology Transform Society?
211 - Can You Learn To Be Creative?
212 - What is Parapsychology?
213 - Will This Universe Ever End?
214 - Will Intelligence Fill The Universe?


Closer To Truth is the definitive series on Cosmos, Consciousness and God, a global journey in search of the vital ideas of existence. It is the most complete, compelling, and accessible series on Cosmos, Consciousness and God ever produced for television.

Closer To Truth explores fundamental issues of universe, brain/mind, religion, meaning and purpose through intimate, candid conversations with leading scientists, philosophers, scholars, theologians and creative thinkers of all kinds. The shows are a rich visual experience, shot entirely on location in high definition with multiple cameras generating rich production values. The visual lushness of the high definition, on-location productions, combined with the intriguing titles of the shows, builds audiences already interested in mankind's greatest questions.

Public fascination with questions of Cosmos, Consciousness and particularly of God has grown substantially in recent years. Public debate has been intense, often heated. Closer To Truth presents to mass audiences these leading-edge ideas in an approachable, rational and balanced manner, and introduces the human personalities behind these ideas.

Closer To Truth is hosted and executive produced by Dr. Robert Lawrence Kuhn.

Closer To Truth is Robert's life journey to grasp Cosmos, Consciousness, and God, visiting those who think deeply about existence, meaning and purpose.

As Robert says, "I do not promise that you will find Ultimate Truth. I do promise that you will be exhilarated... getting Closer To Truth".

 
http://www.closertotruth.com/


-------------------------------------------------

Version history:

1.0 (2009-08-31):
  - [First public release].
