By the way, our utorrent station somehow does NOT connect to Azureus clients. (please note)

This is a re-launch of a torrent from last Christmas.Please download
this torrent file instead and seed the files you obtained last year if you
happened to have been one of our seeders back then, or wish to seed now. Thanks
(the only change is an added jpg image of th DVD jacket).

This is a lovely DVD in NTSC format that has a better selection
of languages than is offered as a store bought disc.

Included are your choice of audio languages in English, French, German,
Spanish or Italian. English subtitles are included for each if required.

The Remains of the day speaks to a problem in contemporary society that is
true of England, the land where articulation standards seem the most perfect
and are certainly supreme in my own view in fact, compared to any other so far
developed alternatives (if to see such options would have any desirability in
any event, it escapes me for the present moment as to what that might be). The
problem in the picture nonetheless is a serious one, its that of human relating
in an adequate manner so as to preserve valid emotions and in fact a wellness
in the form of being that yield the real best quality of life.

My own political crusade in the area has been an outreach to see that the
values prevalent in related societies in the region especially those of
Germany, France, Italy and Spain, all in particular might yield a better
formula for a better outcome in future endeavors to bring such people into
societies where English is adopted for all its supreme benefits without losing
sight of what remains fundamentally non-dispensable in making the transition
meaningful, worthwhile, desirable and in the end certainly fruitful.

There can never be an equivalent to the contribution that the British have made
to the world in the area of decorum and the trappings of civilized discourse.
We are to never lose these benefits or anarchy is the certain result. that
said, we must retain our full functioning as we come to learn what benefits
there are to be gained, in a manner as to stay within our own sense of what is
again, most meaningful personally, each to his own, that come from such related
cultures (closely) as I make reference to here, and for whom the producers have
provided audio support on the PAL version of the DVD disc.

Emma Thompson and Anthony Hopkins remain in my own mind "the best of British"
in what they are as individuals and in this respect I am glad to see that it is
they that tell the story here.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo.info