Screen :
 
http://imagecrook.com/share-2A31_4CE33698.html
 
http://picimage7.com/share.php?id=EC9B_4CE33719

Description: Jules is no fool and starts this scene with superb shots of her amazing tushy!! The floor view following hre will get anyone hard as a rock! April does several poses which accentuate the viewing experience so thanks April! Next we see her crawl over to Jules who is blindfolded and she handcuffs him to the chair. April then places her fabulous pussy over his face rubbing it in good! I heard no complaints either!! A little pussy rubbing over his crotch is also shot. We finally get some oral lovin for April and the views of this are most appealing. In a hot 69 which was shot April gets some fun for herself swallowing his cock. April then gets a more traditional position on her knees and she continues sucking incorporating some gagging in as well. The sex soon starts and she rides him in RC but from his perspective so we see her hot ass. The slow burning intensity which had been ongoing begins to pick up as Jule's cock is thrust into her pussy. Standing up Jules gets some more sucking done and April crawls under to lick his balls as well as gag some more. She even talks a little smack and it works! Moving on they try some mish action and Jules pounds her steadily for a bit before inserting a big butt plug in her ass. April cries out but her cries seem more pleasureful with just a hint of pain behind them. Using a small vibrator for added stimulus or perhaps to take her mind of the dick in her ass April gets analized starting in mish. April seems more comfortable in this scene doing anal than she did in her first anal scene and that's to be expected. Jules really begins to hammer into her ass and her sexy moans continually ring out. Well the Cowgirl anal was just spectacular showcasing her ass in all its glory. The fine ass shots continue when they switch to doggie anal and the views are just perfect. Soon the lovely Miss Flowers takes a good facial blast and the cleanup is very good. Thanks to both for one great scene! 

Type: Movie Clip 
Content: Anal, Cumshot, Hardcore, Oral 
File Type: Mpeg 
Size: 281 MB 