Title: iPad Made Simple
Author(s): Gary Mazo, Martin Trautschold
ISBN: 1430231297
Publisher(s): Apress
Pages: 650
Year: 2010
Format: PDF
Language: English

Get the most out of your iPad with iPad Made Simple-learn all the key features, understand what's new, and utilize dozens of time-saving tips and tricks. This book includes over 650 pages of easy-to-read instructions and over 1,000 carefully annotated screen shots to guide you to iPad mastery.


With iPad Made Simple, you'll never be left wondering, How did they do that?

What you'll learn

* Set up and customize your iPad
* Get up to speed lightning fast with the excellent Quick Start Guide
* Master the multi-touch display Surf the web like never before
* Browse, buy, and read with iBooks
* Discover and download great Apps from the App Store
* Use iTunes to find music, videos, TV shows, and more on your iPad
* Organize, view, and share your photos and albums
* Improve productivity with Mail, Calendar, and Contacts
* Stay in touch with friends on Twitter and Facebook
* Customize the Electronic Picture Display to make sure it shows exactly what you want
* Use accessories such as the keyboard dock, camera connector, and VGA connector
* Synchronize your iPod touch with your Windows or Mac environment
* Employ time-saving short cuts and hidden gems to help you organize your work and social life

Bonus material includes an iTunes Mega Guide! Tap the power of iTunes including: creating and managing playlists, the genius feature, home sharing, getting great free content from iTunes U, authorizing and de-authorizing computers, redeeming gift cards, importing movies from DVDs, and much more.

Who this book is for
This book is for new iPad users, as well as seasoned iPhone or iPod Touch users who are ready to explore the new world of the iPad.

Table of Contents

01. Getting Started
02. Typing Tips, Copy/Paste & Search
03. Sync Your iPad with iTunes
04. Wi-Fi and 3G Connectivity
05. Moving, Docking, and Deleting Icons
06. Personalize & Secure Your iPad
07. Playing Music
08. iBooks and E-Books
09. Viewing Videos, TV Shows & More
10. Bluetooth on the iPad
11. Surfing the Web with Safari
12. E-mail on your iPad
13. Working with Contacts
14. Your Calendar
15. Working with Photos
16. Maps
17. Eliminate Your Paper Notes
18. iWork: Productivity on Your iPad
19. Using the iTunes App on your iPad
20. The Amazing App Store
21. Games and Fun
22. Social Networking
23. New Media: Reading Newspapers, Magazines, and More
24. Other Sync Methods
25. Troubleshooting
26. Bonus iTunes User Guide