
Monday, September 27, 2010


Bill Maher has released this weeks Christine O Donnell Crazy Quote from the Politically Incorrect archives (video below). Bill is like the people who are combing the tape vaults of the Grateful Dead to keep on releasing new recordings… except that Christine O Donnell probably has more hours of dumb quotes than the Grateful Dead have hours of concert recordings. On the latest release, Christine calls evolution a [quote]myth.[quote] I think Christine misunderstands the word [quote]myth.[quote] The stuff with all the research and data? Thats science. The stuff about the guy in the sky with the long beard creating the earth in six days? Thats the myth. Then she asks [quote]Why arent monkeys still evolving into humans?[quote] Christine, all species are constantly changing over time. You yourself are proof that humans may be gradually losing our higher brain functions. I shouldnt say that. There doesnt seem to be anything gradual about it. Christine, if you only believe what you can see in front of your eyes, a person would think that the earth is flat. I shouldnt say that. I have no idea what Bill Mahers Christine clip for next week is going to be about.

Somebody else dug up an old clip where O Donnell says we can and should stop everyone in the country from having sex. Christine, you cannot stop people from having sex. It is a basic desire we inherited from our primate ancestors. Oh, I guess that is not a point you are likely to concede. Lets put it this way, Christine, God made us incurably horny. There, does that work better?

If any clip is going to cause Christine problems, it is a clip in which she reacts to a question about transvestitism from Eddie Izzard. Christine is rational. She is almost understanding. And that is simply not consistent with her views on anything else. Of course, what is a little cross dressing, after you have attended Satanic picnics? [quote]Go ahead and wear your wigs and platform shoes. That is nothing to me. I have eaten egg salad with the Devil.[quote]

In the meantime, lets all stay tuned for more releases from the Christine tape archives. I hope they do something from her run at the Fillmore East back in 1971. I had that on cassette in college, and it was killer.
