PAUL COLMAN
HISTORY

Release Date:27 January 2009
Label:Inpop Records
Length:55:08
Synopsis
Paul Colman's collection of his greatest hits and cover tracks


Track Listing

1. If I Was Jesus - listen 
2. History Maker - listen  
3. Holding Onto You
4. Turn
5. Run
6. Fill My Cup
7. Gloria (All God's Children)
8. The One Thing
9. Solution
10. Sweet Sweet Song Of Salvation
11. All U Need
12. I Owe It All
13. The Killing Tree 

PAUL COLMAN RELEASES SECOND SOLO ALBUM “HISTORY” JAN. 27
Project to Include the Best of Paul Colman 

(NASHVILLE, Tenn.) Dec. 2, 2008 –Former frontman of Grammy nominated, Dove Award-winning group Paul Colman Trio and current guitarist for legendary band newsboys, singer/songwriter Paul Colman will offer his second solo project, History, on Jan. 27, 2009. The album showcases the best of Colman’s career, including two previously unreleased tracks and new recordings of popular songs by best-selling artists including Toby Keith & Delirious.
Among the History collection are Paul Colman Trio radio hits “Turn,” “Run” and “Fill My Cup” in addition to remakes of the Delirious hit “History Maker,” Toby Keith’s “If I Was Jesus,” and “Sweet Sweet Song of Salvation” by Larry Norman. Also on the album are cuts from Colman’s 2005 solo debut, Let It Go, as well as the never before released “All U Need” and “The Killing Tree (Live).”

“I have been blessed throughout my career with many unique experiences and opportunities to perform both as a solo artist and as part of a band,” says Colman. “This project is a great representation of my best work, past and present, and I’m grateful for the gift of music that God gave me.”

In addition to the forthcoming record, Inpop Records will introduce two digital EPs containing both brand new songs and cover tunes by Colman. The first of these companion pieces, “If I Was Jesus,” will drop simultaneously with History on Jan. 27, 2009. “All My Life,” the second digital EP, will follow later next year. 

The debut radio single from History, “If I Was Jesus” will be vying for adds at Christian Adult Contemporary radio beginning Dec. 5, 2008. For more information about Paul Colman and a list of tour dates, visit www.PaulColman.com.

Among contemporary Christian music’s most dynamic performers, Paul Colman is a Grammy nominated artist with numerous hit singles, awards, and hundreds of thousands in record sales to his credit. Colman currently resides in Nashville, Tenn., where he plays guitar for multi-platinum selling band newsboys. The band’s current hit single “Something Beautiful” was Colman’s first co-write after joining newsboys in 2005. 

