. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

             The.Day.The.Immigrants.Left.2010.DOCU.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.02.26
              Genre...........: Documentary

       Evan Davis presents a programme exploring the effects of 
       immigration in the UK by focusing on Wisbech, a town in 
       Cambridgeshire.
       
       Since 2004 this once prosperous market town has received up to 
       9,000 immigrants seeking work - the majority from Eastern Europe. 
       But with nearly 2,000 locals unemployed and claiming benefits, 
       many of them blame the foreign workers for their predicament.
       
       To test if the town needs so many foreign workers, immigrant 
       employees are temporarily removed from their jobs, and the work 
       given to the local unemployed. Now the town's British workers 
       have a chance to prove they can do it.
       
       Eleven British unemployed workers are recruited to go into a range 
       of different Wisbech workplaces including a potato company, an 
       asparagus farm, an Indian restaurant and a building site run by a 
       local landlord.
       
       Moving beyond the workplace, Evan Davis investigates how the town's 
       local public services, such as schools and the NHS, are coping with 
       the demands of the new arrivals.
       
       As the British unemployed workers get to grips with their new jobs, 
       this documentary examines the facts and dispels the myths around 
       the subject of immigration.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai