File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"The Roof" is a song co-written by American singer Mariah Carey, Cory Rooney and the Trackmasters (Samuel Barnes and Jean Claude Oliver) for Carey's seventh album, Butterfly (1997). Co-produced by Carey and the Trackmasters, it is built around a sample of the Mobb Deep song "Shook Ones part II". The extended remix features a rap verse by Mobb Deep. The protagonist of this piano-driven, hip hop-influenced track recalls an intimate encounter on a rooftop.

While "Breakdown" was chosen as the third single in the United States, Canada, New Zealand and Australia, "The Roof" was released as the third single in Europe, in March 1998. However, even though it was not released commercially in the U.S., its music video received rotation on MTV and VH1.

The single's main music video, co-directed by Carey and Diane Martel, is based on the Mobb Deep extended remix of the song. It shows Carey in a limousine on a dark and rainy night. Eventually, Carey gets out of her limo and into the rain to relieve her memories. The video was re-edited slightly for the version of the song without the rap by Mobb Deep, and the re-edited video was also released to MTV and VH1.

In 2003, Slant Magazine named it the eighteenth greatest music video of all time, writing that it "finds the singer at her least artificial ... Carey displays a stark innocence and authentic vulnerability that had been missing from much of her previous work. Shot in a seedy hotel room and a dark limousine, the gritty images did plenty to redeem the singer of her Soul and Blues past."

David Morales and The Full Crew created remixes of the song.

Mariah Carey (born March 27, 1970) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actress. She made her recording debut in 1990 under the guidance of Columbia Records executive Tommy Mottola, and became the first recording artist to have her first five singles top the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. Following her marriage to Mottola in 1993, a series of hit records established her position as Columbia's highest-selling act. According to Billboard magazine, she was the most successful artist of the 1990s in the United States.

Following her separation from Mottola in 1997, Carey introduced elements of hip hop into her album work, to much initial success, but her popularity was in decline when she left Columbia in 2001. She signed to Virgin Records but was dropped from the label and bought out of her contract the following year after a highly publicized physical and emotional breakdown, as well as the poor reception given to Glitter, her film and soundtrack project. In 2002, Carey signed with Island Records, and after a relatively unsuccessful period, she returned to the top of pop music in 2005.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

