Left 4 Dead 2

Steam store page:


About the game:
Set in the zombie apocalypse, Left 4 Dead 2 (L4D2) is the highly anticipated sequel to the award-winning Left 4 Dead, the #1 co-op game of 2008.
This co-operative action horror FPS takes you and your friends through the cities, swamps and cemeteries of the Deep South, from Savannah to New Orleans across five expansive campaigns.
You'll play as one of four new survivors armed with a wide and devastating array of classic and upgraded weapons. In addition to firearms, you'll also get a chance to take out some aggression on infected with a variety of carnage-creating melee weapons, from chainsaws to axes and even the deadly frying pan.

You'll be putting these weapons to the test against (or playing as in Versus) three horrific and formidable new Special Infected. You'll also encounter five new “uncommon” common infected, including the terrifying Mudmen.
Helping to take L4D's frantic, action-packed gameplay to the next level is AI Director 2.0. This improved Director has the ability to procedurally change the weather you'll fight through and the pathways you'll take, in addition to tailoring the enemy population, effects, and sounds to match your performance. L4D2 promises a satisfying and uniquely challenging experience every time the game is played, custom-fitted to your style of play.

* Next generation co-op action gaming from the makers of Half-Life, Portal, Team Fortress and Counter-Strike.
* Over 20 new weapons & items headlined by over 10 melee weapons – axe, chainsaw, frying pan, baseball bat – allow you to get up close with the zombies
* New survivors. New Story. New dialogue.
* Five expansive campaigns for co-operative, Versus and Survival game modes.
* An all new multiplayer mode.
* Uncommon common infected. Each of the five new campaigns contains at least one new “uncommon common” zombies which are exclusive to that campaign.
* AI Director 2.0: Advanced technology dubbed “The AI Director” drove L4D's unique gameplay – customizing enemy population, effects, and music, based upon the players’ performance. L4D 2 features “The AI Director 2.0” which expands the Director’s ability to customize level layout, world objects, weather, and lighting to reflect different times of day.
* Stats, rankings, and awards system drives collaborative play



Notes:
+ No Steam, Steam account or internet connection required
+ 100% clean rip
+ 100% uncut
+ all textures included (no missing textures)
+ language: english
+ installer with official style (no group brandings, no annoying names)
+ installer automatically creates a desktop and startmenu shortcut
+ small installer size
+ perfect size for a DVD5 (3,47GB: installer size)
+ includes an uninstaller
+ frequent updates
+ console accessable via F3
+ serverbrowser accessable via F4
+ play on cracked online servers
+ play on LAN



System Requirements:
Minimum:
- Supported OS: Windows® 7 / Vista / Vista64 / XP
- Processor: Pentium 4 3.0GHz
- Memory: 1 GB for XP / 2GB for Vista
- Graphics: DirectX 9 compatible video card with 128 MB, Shader model 2.0. ATI X800, NVidia 6600 or better
- Hard Drive: At least 7.5 GB of free space
- Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card

Recommended:
- Supported OS: Windows® 7 / Vista / Vista64 / XP
- Processor: Intel core 2 duo 2.4GHz
- Memory: 1 GB for XP / 2GB for Vista
- Graphics: DirectX 9 compatible video card with Shader model 3.0. NVidia 7600, ATI X1600 or better
- Hard Drive: At least 7.5 GB of free space
- Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card



Instructions:
1. Download this release.
2. Extract the archiv (Password: c@t).
3. Run Left 4 Dead 2 Setup.exe and install the game.
4. After installation run the game by using the shorcut on desktop or in startmenu.

MD5 hash sums
To verify your downloaded part files you can compare the MD5 checksums with the ones from the original files. This program was used to calculate the sums: http://www.nirsoft.net/utils/hash_my_files.html

FAQ:
I can't extract your files!?
Verify your downloaded files by comparing the MD5 hashsums.


Is it possible to install Left 4 Dead 2 without using your installer?
Yes, it's possible! Just extract Data.7z of the Left 4 Dead installation. Remember to launch the game with Left 4 Dead 2.exe (not left4dead2.exe!).


How can I host a LAN server?
Remeber to disable your firewalls!

1. Start Left 4 Dead 2 using the shortcut created on your desktop or startmenu folder.
2. Type in console (accessable via F3 or at game startup) "map" (without ").
3. The console already suggest you some map names.
4. Select one of the map suggestions by clicking on it or scrolling down by using down arrow key.
5. If you selected a map, just press enter and the LAN server will start immediately.


How can I connect to a LAN server?
There are two methods to join a LAN server:
a) You open serverbrowser (F4), chose the LAN tab and select the LAN server.
b) If you know the LAN server's IP address, type into console (without "): "connect %SERVER_IP%"


How can I change my nick name in game?
Go to your Left 4 Dead 2 directory and open stryder.ini. At top you will find the entry name= (by default it's name=unnamed). Just change unnamed to your desired nick name.
You can also change your name in game by using the console (F3) command (without "): "setinfo name %nick%". The name set with this command will only last for the game session / game round. After restarting L4D2 / starting a new round your name will be reset to the one in stryder.ini


How can I open the console?
Either you use the console which is launched at game startup or you can (re)open it by pressing F3.


How can I open the serverbrowser?
In game press F4 to open the serverbrowser.


How to connect to a cracked internet server:
There are two different ways to connect to a cracked internet server:

a) (simple)
Open serverbrowser (F4) and select the custom tab. A list of cracked server should be shown.

b) (manual):
If you found a cracked server's IP address, type into console (without "): "connect %SERVER_IP%".


How can I chose my game character?
You have to chose your character before hosting / joining a game. After entering the map / connect command enter ; and (without the "): "team_desired "Survivor Ellis" to enter game as Ellis. You can also spawn instead as Rochelle or someone else.


Can I use your standalone to host a dedicated internet server?
No, it's not possible to launch a dedicated internet server with this release. Instead use these instructions to host it: https://support.steampowered.com/kb_art ... TCMF-2234; and if you want to let cracked clients join your server, use the latest server crack.


When I connect to a server I receive the error message: "Steam validation rejected". What's wrong?
This error means that the Steam protection on the server is still intact. It seems that the server you're trying to connect to isn't (properly) cracked.


When I connect to a server I get the error message, that another protocol was exspected or class tables are different. What can I do?
Either the server or your Left 4 Dead 2 is outdated. Apply the latest update and try again. If updating doesn't help: Try another server or wait for another update.


Is it possible to integrate the update into the installation? If so I would have to apply the update after installing (quite handy for LAN)!
Yes, it is possible. There's a special function included in the installer: If there's an Update.7z in the same directory as the installer, this file will be extracted directly after the Left 4 Dead 2 installation. As a consequence the update must be packed as Update.7z and put into the same directory as the installer to let it install the update immediately after installation.
This function can also be used to apply custom settings (e. g. implement autoexec.cfg, config.cfg, etc.).


How can I look up which version is installed?
There are two version numbers: First version number, which is assigned by me (can be found in Version.txt in Left 4 Dead 2 directory) and second one from developer Valve (in Left 4 Dead 2 directoryleft4dead2steam.inf or use console command version).


Why doesn't the serverbrowser / console open when I press F3 / F4?
Console and browser in Left 4 Dead 2 are acting a bit strange: When you are in the main menu of Left 4 Dead 2 (dia chapters at top, generel stuff like options & achievements at the bottom) you have to move the cursor at the lower menu (archievements, options, exit) to be able to open browser and console. Don't ask my why both won't open when the cursor is in upper menu.


Why does my Left 4 Dead 2 crash at startup / when a map is 100% loaded?
Is there a stryder.ini in your Left 4 Dead 2 directory? If not execute Inigen.exe and enter your prefered nickname. Make sure you run Inigen.exe as administrator (and the game too).
And besides: This is a non Steam release and Steam mustn't run in the background!


Special thanks and greetings to:
Stryder: For providing his great Loader, which makes this release possible!



NOTE:

I DO NOT TAKE ANY CREDIT FOR THIS RELEASE


ALL HAIL CR@CK-iT


FOR MORE INFO AND UPDATES GO TO: http://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?f=32&t=54732