File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:07:19

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2789 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.55 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


Cyndi Lauper-The Goonies 'R' Good Enough (Part 1) (Xvid-2nafish)


This video has no logos or titles.


"The Goonies 'R' Good Enough" was a single released by singer Cyndi Lauper for The Goonies, a 1985 film which was released at the same time as this single.

There was also a two-part video shot for this song featuring World Wrestling Federation pro-wrestlers André the Giant, Captain Lou Albano, Rowdy Roddy Piper, Wendy Richter, The Fabulous Moolah, The Iron Sheik, Nikolai Volkoff, Freddie Blassie; Steven Spielberg; The Goonies cast (except for Kerri Green, Anne Ramsey, Joe Pantoliano, Robert Davi and John Matuszak); and the relatively unknown Bangles as a group of female pirates. Lauper's mother appears as "Cyndi's mother" and the "sea hag".

According to Cyndi Lauper, filming the music video was less than an enjoyable experience. Richard Donner, apparently, was a pushy director and wanted things done a certain way and forced Lauper to keep going, even when she was exhausted. In a behind-the-scenes documentary of the video, the viewer can see Donner being pushy and doing lots of takes on scenes.

Cyndi Lauper's character, referred to only as Cyndi, works at her parents' gas station, along with her friends Dave and Wendy. Cyndi's Mom is baking cookies for gas station customers, and Wendy operates a vegetable stand outside the station. A group of creditors shows up to evict them and take over the station. While they argue with Mom and Pop, an old woman shows up and closes down Wendy's vegetable stand, putting in a Benihana-like set-up in its place. While packing, Cyndi removes a picture from the wall, which reveals the entrance to an underground cavern. Searching through the cave, Cyndi finds a treasure map, and then encounters the Goonies (minus the character of Andy), who also has a copy of the map.

Soon after, they encounter a group of pirates (who look just like the creditors, though it is never said if they are the same people as the creditors), and a supposed green-faced witch. Cyndi runs away as the Goonies are captured by the pirates. Running through the caverns, she encounters several skeletons, and even some chefs who seem to work for the restaurant Benihana. Cyndi eventually finds herself trapped between the pirates and the green-faced witch on a log-bridge. Unsure what to do, she cries out: "Steven Spielberg, how do I get out of this one?" Strangely enough, the scene cuts to Spielberg in an editing room (he seems to be editing the video as it is happening). Spielberg stops the editing machine and begins to give a solution, before realizing that he doesn't know how to help Cyndi.

The song has been covered by a few artists, such as Bombones, Haruko Momoi, The Advantage, New Found Glory, and Tomoyuki Uchida. The song was featured in several iterations of Konami's Goonies video games, most notably the popular NES game Goonies II. It was also featured as an instrumental version in Pop'n Music 10.

Steven Spielberg had made Cyndi the musical director for The Goonies soundtrack. She sought out new bands to be included on the project including her friends, The Bangles.

Cyndi refused to play the song live after 1986. She finally incorporated it back into her live show during a 2005 concert in Baltimore, Maryland. Fans kept screaming to hear the song, and she sang it acapella. She has since incorporated the song back into her live set, due to overwhelming fan recognition.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/