Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Hanging On By A Thread is the second album by The Letter Black. It is the first album to be released Tooth & Nail Records. Release date for the album is March 30, 2010.

This album will include "Moving On", "Hanging On By A Thread", & "Best of Me" from Breaking the Silence EP. However, "Collapse", "Away From Me", & "Perfect", will not be on this album.

The title track was released single off the "Breaking the Silence EP" in 2009 and it charted at #10 on Christianrock.net. The second single song "Best of Me" charted in the Top 20 on the Weekend 22 chart.

The Letter Black, formerly known as Breaking the Silence, is a Christian Hard Rock Band formed in Uniontown, Pennsylvania in 2006. The band consists of Sarah Anthony (lead vocals), her husband Mark Anthony (backing vocals, guitar), Mat Slagle (drums), Matt Beal (bass), and Terry Johnson (guitar).

Their sound is typically hard rock. The girl-fronted band has been compared to Evanescence, Flyleaf, Plumb, and Fireflight.

The Letter Black started out as a Praise Team at their local church with Sarah and her husband Mark as a duo on vocals under the name "Breaking the Silence". Later when they were signed to Tooth and Nail Records they changed the name of the band to "The Letter Black". The band often does 150 shows or more a year and had a recent slot on the Five 4 Five Tour. They also were the opening band to Skillet's Awake and Alive Tour also featuring Decyfer Down and Hawk Nelson. The lead single off the "Breaking the Silence EP", "Hanging on By a Thread" charted at #10 on Christianrock.net. Their song "Best of Me" charted in the Top 20 on the Weekend 22 chart. They will also be the opening act for Thousand Foot Krutch's "Welcome to the Masquerade Tour." They have an album coming out called "Hanging On By A Thread" which comes out March 30, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

