Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Learning to Breathe is the third studio album by the band Switchfoot. It was released on September 26, 2000 and has since been certified Gold by the RIAA for over 500,000 copies shipped. It was their final record for independent label re:think Records, which was distributed by Sparrow Records. This album also received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Gospel Album in 2001, mainly because of the band's affiliation with a CCM label, not because of the band's musical genre.

The songs "Dare You to Move" and "Learning to Breathe" appeared in the film A Walk to Remember.

Switchfoot is an American alternative rock band from San Diego, California. The band's members are Jon Foreman (lead vocals, guitar), Tim Foreman (bass guitar, backing vocals), Chad Butler (drums, percussion), Jerome Fontamillas (guitar, keyboards, backing vocals), and Drew Shirley (guitar, backing vocals).

They are known for their energetic live shows, where the three guitarists in the line-up often operate simultaneously. Building on the pop sensibilities of Foreman's songwriting, rounded out by Fontamillas's bringing his industrial roots with his synthesizer, the band works up "the Switchfoot sound" – a melodic crunch of densely layered sound featuring some electronic experimentation, and often driven by hard-charging guitar riffs, while throwing in a few softer ballads as well.

After early successes in the Christian rock scene, Switchfoot first gained mainstream recognition with the inclusion of four of their songs in the 2002 movie A Walk to Remember. This recognition led to their major label debut, The Beautiful Letdown, which was released in 2003. It went on to sell over 2.6 million copies and produced the band's best-known singles, "Meant to Live" and "Dare You to Move".

According to Jon Foreman, the name "Switchfoot" is a surfing term. "We all love to surf and have been surfing all our lives so to us, the name made sense. To switch your feet means to take a new stance facing the opposite direction. It's about change and movement, a different way of approaching life and music".

The band has completed their seventh studio album, Hello Hurricane, which released in North America on November 10, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

