Norton Ghost 15.0 protects PCs-including all applications, settings, folders, and files-with advanced backup and recovery. It provides powerful protection with new features such as offsite backups and Symantec ThreatCon integration, as well as enhanced performance, one-to-one remote management, LightsOut Restore capability, and more. With Norton Ghost 15.0, you have a choice of backup types: full system (disk image) or specific files and folders. Backups include encryption and error checking to help keep your data safe, while compression, incremental backups, and automatic backup file management minimize storage space. Plus, you can now copy recovery points to a FTP site for easier offsite backup management. Norton Ghost 15.0 is ready whenever you need to recover, whether that involves restoring individual files or an entire system. The Software Recovery Disk allows you to start your computer, scan for viruses or hard disk errors, and start the recovery process even if your operating system won't start.

Symantec Corp. (NASDAQ: SYMC), makers of Norton security software, announced today the worldwide release of Norton Ghost 15, one of the industry's most advanced PC backup and recovery solutions. Windows 7 compatible Norton Ghost 15 now offers 25G and 50G Blu-ray Disc support. This version also introduces a new cold imaging feature that images computers without installing the product. In addition, Norton Ghost uses Symantec's powerful ThreatCon indicator to automatically back up PCs in the event of a severe security threat.

Norton Ghost 15 is a robust and professional-grade backup solution for both home users and small businesses. With Norton Ghost, lost or damaged files can be recovered and restored in the event of a system failure, even if the computer's operating system does not start. It also allows backup of an entire system or specific files and folders while saving recovery points to offsite locations using FTP. Norton Ghost is also flexible, allowing users to decide when to back up their system, either on a schedule or based on an event.

"Norton Ghost has been the essential imaging and recovery product since 1996," said Dave Cole, senior director of consumer products, Symantec. "Consumers' PCs have never been more central to people's lives, or more at risk due to cybercrime and critical failures. Ghost 15 not only is a powerful disaster recovery tool, but also it adds important features such as Windows 7 compatibility and Blu-ray Disc support to keep current with the way people are using their computers today."

In addition, Norton Ghost works with both 25G and 50G Blu-ray Discs and most storage drives, including external hard drives, networked drives, and recordable and rewritable CDs and DVDs. It also includes a hot backups feature, which lets users back up their computers without having to shut it down first. Norton Ghost is also supported by Windows 7 Bitlocker, providing enhanced data protection through drive encryption and integrity checking, keeping stored data safe and protected.

Norton Ghost 15 now also includes cold imaging technology, which backs up files without installing the product, saving users time and money. After purchasing a new computer, users can image the PC immediately before any software is loaded so that factory settings remain intact. Also, cold imaging allows easy back up of a system by simply booting to the recovery environment (a light version of the Windows operating system) from the Norton Ghost CD, and then initiating a backup.

Backing up isn't just about saving files from accidental data loss; these days computers can fall prey to damage from cybercriminals. That's why Norton Ghost 15 leverages Symantec's ThreatCon, which uses intelligence from Symantec Security Response to automatically backup files whenever the landscape reaches a specific threat level.

Key Technologies
See all
NEW! Cold imaging
NEW! Blu-ray Disc support
File and folder backups
NEW! Windows® 7 Bitlocker™ support
NEW! Symantec ThreatCon integration
Advanced compression and encryption

Key Benefits
See all
Creates full system and file backups — Safeguards your system, settings, applications, and files with flexible, comprehensive backup protection.
Restores from system failuress — Recovers your system and data even when you can’t restart your computer.
Enables convenient, secure offsite backups — Saves recovery points to an FTP site for easier offsite management and even backs up your data to network-attached storage devices.
Features
See all
NEW! Cold Imaging lets you back up files without installing Ghost.
NEW! Blu-ray Disc allows you to back up large amounts of data to high-capacity Blu-ray Disc — up to 25 GB per disc (50 GB dual-layer).
NEW! Windows® 7 support including support for Bitlocker™ provides enhanced data protection through drive encryption and integrity checking.

Norton Ghost 15.0 System Requirements
Windows® 7 Starter/Home Basic/Home Premium/Professional/Enterprise/Ultimate
Must meet minimum Windows 7 operating system requirements
Windows Vista® Home Basic/Home Premium/Business/Ultimate
Must meet minimum Windows Vista operating system requirements
Windows® XP Home/Professional
300 MHz or faster processor
512 MB (1GB recommended) of RAM
430 MB of available hard disk space
CD-ROM or DVD-ROM drive for software distribution on media
Super VGA (800 x 600) or higher resolution video adapter and monitor
Supported File Systems and Devices
FAT16, FAT16X, FAT32, FAT32X
NTFS, GUID Partition Table (GPT)
Dynamic Disks
Supported Hard Drives and Removable Media
CDR/RW, DVD+-R/RW, Blu-Ray devices
USB and FireWire® (IEEE 1394) devices
Iomega® Zip® and Jaz® drives


Enjoy