Watership Down - Audio Drama - BBC Radio 7 via DVB-T
2 x 60 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


Watership Down is a heroic fantasy novel about a small group of rabbits, written by British author Richard Adams. Although the animals in the story live in their natural environment, they are anthropomorphised, possessing their own culture, language (Lapine), proverbs, poetry, and mythology. Evoking epic themes, the novel recounts the rabbits' odyssey as they escape the destruction of their warren to seek a place in which to establish a new home, encountering perils and temptations along the way.

The novel takes its name from the rabbits' destination, Watership Down, a hill in the north of Hampshire, England, near the area where Adams grew up. The story is based on a collection of tales that Adams told to his young children to pass the time on trips to the countryside.

Published in 1972, Watership Down was Richard Adams' first novel, and is by far his most successful to date. Though it was initially rejected by thirteen publishers before eventually being accepted by Rex Collings Ltd, Watership Down has never been out of print, and was the recipient of several prestigious awards


Cast:
Simon Chandler
Tom George
Stephen Tomlin
Christian Rodska
Ian Brooker
Peter Meakin
Robert Lister
Sean Connolly
Colin Rote
Alison Belbin
Susan Jeffrey
Ben Crowe
Graham Padden
Felicity Jones

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watership_Down

Watership Down - 01 of 02
Watership Down - 02 of 02


Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 56mn 54s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits



[b]
A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them.

There is little point in downloading a "Torrent" and then recreating a "Torrent" using the same files.

The fact there was a torrent for you to download is clear you don't need to use the files to make another exactly the same version,

All you will do is split seeders over 2 torrents with the "same" files and make both have less seeders.


[/b]

.