Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Run Runaway" is a hard rock song performed by English band Slade. The song was written by Jim Lea and Noddy Holder and was on their 1983 album The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome. It reached number seven in the UK Singles Chart.

The album was released in the United States with a different track listing under the title Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply. In 1984, the single "Run Runaway" became the band's biggest American hit, peaking at number twenty and spending a total of eight weeks on the Billboard Hot 100's Top 40. It was also number one for two weeks on the Billboard Top Tracks chart.

The music video for the song was filmed at Eastnor Castle in Ledbury in Herefordshire, England.

The melody is inspired by the hymn "There Is a Happy Land".

The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome is an album by the British rock group Slade. It was released December 3, 1983 and reached number 49 in the UK charts.

It was unlike anything Slade fans had seen before, but all three singles released from it were big sellers. "Run Runaway" was in fact the band's breakthrough into the American market, reaching #20 on the Billboard singles chart. Both "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway" had MTV-friendly videos to help boost sales.

In America, many of the songs from this album were issued, in a different track-order alongside a few additional songs as Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply.

Slade are an English rock  band. The British Hit Singles & Albums stated they were the top UK group of the 1970s. They were the first act to have three singles enter at #1, and all six of the Wolverhampton band's chart-toppers were penned  by Noddy Holder and Jim Lea. Total UK sales were 6,520,171, and their best selling single, "Merry Xmas Everybody", sold more than 1 million copies worldwide.

The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Music commented that with Holder's powerful vocals and guitarist Dave Hill's equally arresting dress sense, Slade were one of the most successful British chart bands of the 1970s, scoring seventeen consecutive Top 20 hits. They are well known for the deliberate misspelling of their song titles, and for the song "Merry Xmas Everybody" (first released in December 1973), now one of the most iconic Christmas pop songs in the United Kingdom.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

