A Rock 'n Roll version of the Twilight Zone, with four segments: "Disco Inferno," where metalheads find themselves in hell; "My Generation," where hitchhikers help you die before you get old; "Room Service," rock star room-trasher vs. the hotel maid; "More Than a Feeling," an A&R man feels talent in his gut but can't hold on to the artists he finds. 

Martin Cummins, Christopher Masterson, Brandy Ledford, Danny Masterson, Judd Nelson, Erik Palladino, Eric Roberts, Marla Sokoloff, Holland Taylor, John Taylor, Christine Chatelain


4 stories Soul Man Soft-spoken guitar tuner and roadie Mitch longs to be a guitar player and to have some of the perks of the obnoxious guitar idol he works for, like his pretty, neglected girlfriend. But his luck doesn't turn until he finds a curiosity at a junk shop-sheet music for what is supposedly Jimi Hendrix's last song. Although the aging beatnik who runs the shop warns him that playing the music will summon up the devil, Mitch buys it anyway. When he plays it, he suddenly finds his fortunes improving, thanks in part to the efforts of a new manager, sleek Simon Rathbone. But-surprise, surprise-it isn't all roses from here on out. Cold Turkey Singer, songwriter, and recovering addict Jared is trying to get his act together before his band starts a new tour, but he's finding it hard to write new songs without chemical assistance. Enter an alluring blond, who leads him back to the bottle and into trouble even as she helps him find inspiration again. But who is she, really? (Don't read the cover blurb, or you'll find out way too soon.) Instant Karma Innocent Lara idolizes bad-boy rock star Vince Brava and is convinced that they are soul mates. When she's tapped to join other groupies on his tour bus after a concert, she's delighted at the chance to show Vince how much they have in common. After Vince takes advantage of her innocence, however, she's determined to get revenge;but when she and Vince swap bodies, her vengeance is far more appropriate even than she had planned. Don't Stop Believin' Senatorial candidate Ben Stanton is on the brink of losing the election, to the disgust of his ambitious wife. Ever since he was involved in a car accident in which his young mistress was killed, he's been trailing in the polls. But listening to the CD she made him of his campaign song suddenly takes him back to the moments before the accident. Maybe this time he can change the course of events.

Roger Daltrey, Jason Gedrick, Wendie Malick, James Marsters, Lindsay Sloane, Peter Strauss, Jennifer Anne Lee