Category: PS2
Language: English
Region: PAL
Type:driving
Quality: DVD
Format: ISO
Size: 2.21 GB
Date: 12-07-2008


Directly from studies by MTV Games and simpaticissimo rapper Xzibit, an unusual title comes on our console: Pimp my Ride! How many of you know, Pimp my Ride is one of the main broadcasting for some years now, liven up the schedules of MTV, TV musical par excellence. For those who do not know, this transmission issue is rather widespread among fans of cars, that modification of any type of car, from old and slow catorce hawkers in most sports and winning. And the term by which we usually define this type of amendment, entrusted to the capable hands of West Coast Custom and its leader Xzibit, is "Pimping", or "pimpaggio" to use a more Italianized. So, to translate at a glance the scope of this transmission, the most demanding customers across America need the help of Pimp my Ride to turn their cars into scrap luxury and hyper-equipped, with sometimes even from places game on home and portable consoles as Xbox or PSP. Now, thanks to Activision we gamers can become true "pimpatori", modifying any type of car that will be proposed in the game. 

L How do you pimp your car? 

From the initial presentation, we recognize that Pimp my Ride is strongly linked to his television counterpart. Then we notice the presence of the famous rapper Xzibit and advertising logos of MTV. The menus of the game are very essential and we offer a limited freedom to the classic game options and the initiation or continuation of a single batch. Once started the game, Pimp my Ride catapult us immediately in the laborious works of West Coast Custom (WCC), now showing all the customers that our handheld contains within it, and who increasingly require our help. So, in the shoes of an employee of Xzibit, then we shall have to meet the needs of these customers, the inhabitants of a vast and varied city that responds to the name of 'Pimp City'. As you advance in levels customers become more demanding and will make our race more arduous and lengthy. Pimp City is also divided into several districts: 'New Wave Beach', 'Industrial Island', 'Hip Hop Heights',' Downtown Metro 'and finally' Uptown Underground '. During the game, then, will these different location that will see us engaged in the challenges of increasing difficulty. 

Of course, before making a pimpaggio, you will need to raise funds indicatie customers. E 'right now which is the first part of the gameplay, which we must overcome in order to accederealla second. In essence, the game offers us four different ways to earn money, the first, which is really the most mundane and repetitive right from the start, is to run for City Pimp vehicle with the pimp, and try to cause accidents with the other cars. In fact, also seem strange, but to drive the cars that will be indestructible, and we all will make it easier than ever to the collection of funds: just enough to invest any other car insurance for dropping it from a huge amount of coins that will increase our virtual budget to reach the share indicated. Excluding this first mode, the remaining three appear to be rather a 'more diverse and include: "Duet by half", "Passi fiery" and "Performance." These three different modes, shown with different colors inside the map available on our GPS, we suggest the difficulty of the challenges still low, so that even the little ones can face them without major problems. 

Both the first and the second mode to see how the anonymous character actor who was for the duration of the game and will run small steps at the side hip hop in their vehicles. The challenge takes place at press time had the keys listed on a bar placed at the bottom of the screen, allowing for our character to perform properly all the steps, always the same, repetitive in all the challenges. Even the "Exhibition" is the time to press the buttons to complete the challenge, but this time we do on board our vehicle in order to fascinate the crowd wear a flaming body and respectable. Unfortunately because of lack originality and variety of these challenges, many times it ends in the first preferred mode, which is to wander aimlessly through the streets of the city causing accidents continue. The unique opportunity offered by the game to avoid repeating the same things is to go in search of money secret or furnishings citizens, such as billboards and parking meters to be destroyed. Completing these secondary objectives, you get more bonus money and we can unlock some of the objectives of the game.