File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"MMMBop" is a song written and performed by the American pop rock band Hanson from their 1997 album Middle of Nowhere. "MMMBop" was one of the biggest debut singles of all time; it reached number one in 27 countries, including the United States, the UK, Germany and Australia; in the UK, the song sold 710,000 copies and stayed at number one for 3 weeks. It was voted the best single of the year in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics poll, while also topping critics' polls from such media as Rolling Stone, Spin, and VH1. "MMMBop" was nominated for two Grammys at the 40th Annual Grammy Awards in February 1998. It was the band's most successful single to date; "MMMBop" also ranks #20 on VH1's "100 Greatest Songs of the 90s".

A music video was released to promote the single. It was directed by Tamra Davis, who also directed Hanson's second music video, "Where's the Love".

Middle of Nowhere is the third album by American pop rock group Hanson, and the first to be released on a major label. Released in 1997, it features slicker studio production compared to their previous indie efforts Boomerang and MMMBop. "Yearbook", one of the album's more dramatic songs, had never been performed live until the recording of Middle of Nowhere Acoustic on May 5, 2007.

The album was received extremely well by critics. Most reviewers praised Hanson as a welcome alternative to the apathetic Post-Grunge bands that were dominating the radiowaves at the time. David Browne of Entertainment Weekly said of the trio:

"... lack of guile is Hanson's most endearing quality. "

Middle of Nowhere yielded 5 hits: "MMMBop", "Where's the Love", "I Will Come to You", "Weird", and "Thinking of You".

Hanson is an American pop rock band formed in Tulsa, Oklahoma by brothers Isaac, Taylor, and Zac Hanson. They are best known for the 1997 hit song "MMMBop" from their major label debut album Middle of Nowhere that earned three Grammy nominations. Despite the enormous commercial success of Middle of Nowhere, the band suffered from the merger that eliminated Mercury Records and were moved to Island Def Jam Music Group, which they eventually left after conflict with the label about creative input. The band now records under its own label, 3CG Records.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

