Texas Funk 1968-1975: Black Gold From The Lone Star State 
Exact Audio Copy FLAC | CUE and LOG Included | CD Rip | Funk | Artwork | 2005

As proven by the various locales that leading funk purveyors hailed from (Funkadelic from Detroit, Ohio Players from Ohio, Sly Stone from San Francisco, etc.), you cannot pin down one specific U.S. area as a hotbed -- or birthplace -- of funk. It appears as though every area had its own leading funk act(s), and Texas was chock-full of them, as evidenced by the exceptional compilation Texas Funk: Black Gold from the Lone Star State 1968-1975. Issued as part of an ongoing series by the Jazzman label (which specializes in compiling obscure funk standouts from specific areas -- Midwest Funk, etc.), Texas Funk is a gold mine for funk fanatics worldwide. Few, if any, of these artists will be well known to anyone outside of the Lone Star State, but it quickly becomes apparent that all these artists mastered the grooves from their James Brown records. Quite a few artists here replicate the style and approach of the Godfather of Soul to a T, namely the Latin Breed's "I Turn You On" and the Majestics' "Funky Chick," but others inject their own "thang." Standouts include Sunny & the Sunliners' "Get Down," Timothy McNealy's "Sagittarius Black," and the Vern Blair Debate's "Super Funk" (the latter of whose bandmembers also appear on the album cover) -- all of which could have easily fit on the Shaft soundtrack or an episode of Chico and the Man. And if the outstanding music wasn't enough, the CD booklet is 23 pages long -- crammed with pictures, info on each band, an intro by DJ Shadow, and also explorations of each Texas area that spawned funk bands. Texas Funk is an essential purchase for fans of first-wave funk.

Ripped to FLAC with Exact Audio Copy

01. I Turn You On - Latin Breed
02. Reach Out (And Give Me Your Hand) - Tickled Pink
03. Get Down - Sunny & the Sunliners
04. Funky Chick - The Majestics
05. Funky Stuff - Little Jr. Jesse & His Teardrops & The Tears
06. Sagittarius Black - Timothy McNealy
07. Evil Ways - The Brothers Seven
08. Do Your Thing, Pts. 1-2 - Zapata
09. There's Got to Be Someone for Me - Groove Merchants
10. Give Everybody Some - Mickey & the Soul Generation
11. Every Man for Himself - Road Runners
12. Super Funk - Vern Blair Debate
13. Soul Pot - Soul Ones
14. Who Will Be the Next Fool - Little Jimmy Tyson & the Highway Robbers
15. Sissy Strut - Joe Bravo
16. Heart 'n Soul - Booker T. Averhart
17. Power Struggle - James Polk & The Brothers
18. I Got the Feeling - Bobby & The Premiers
19. Super Bad - Kashmere Stage Band
20. Clean Up Man - Eddie Finley & The Cincinatti Show Band
21. Psycho, Pts. 1-2 - Fabulous Mark III
16. Na Na - Coke
17. Soul Food - Frankie Seay
18. Baby Don't Cry - The Third Guitar
19. Spider Web - Westom Prim & Backlash
20. Get Down - The Montereys
21. 90% Of Me Is You - Vanessa Kendrick
22. Soft Soul - Lavell Kamma (previously unreleased bonus track)