BE SURE TO DISABLE USER ACCOUNT CONTROL (UAC). It is enabled by default in Windows Vista and Windows 7. 
There is a guide to do that here: 
http://www.petri.co.il/disable_uac_in_windows_vista.htm
REBOOT AFTER YOU DISABLE UAC

1. Install Rubber Ninjas and Abyss Web Server. AWS can be downloaded at  	http://www.aprelium.com/abyssws/download.php

         * Abyss Web Server Already Included just Click "Abwsx1.exe"

2. Run RN PHP Crack.exe as administrator.
3. When prompted, restart Abyss Web Server and activate Rubber Ninjas with this key    
	M2TAZVVYABGRAN
DO NOT PRESS ENTER AGAIN AFTER IT ASKS YOU TO ACTIVATE RUBBER NINJAS.
4. Enjoy :) Press enter now through the final prompts, and it will do a cleanup. 
	You can uninstall AWS after Rubber Ninjas is activated.

Some people are having trouble getting this to work. It is confirmed to work on multiple computer, so don't worry! 
There's a lot of things going on all at once, you may just have to try a few things. 
I am going to add a small troubleshooting section here, and will add more problem/answers when 
I can think of other ways it can go wrong.

Problem 1: Go to rubberninjas.com. Is it the regular Rubber Ninjas page? If so then do this:
1. Open C:WindowsSystem32driversetchosts in notepad. Add this to that file, without quotes 
"_127.0.0.1_rubberninjas.com" Each underscore ( _ ) represents a tab space (achieved by pressing the tab button), 
so don't actually put underscores there. Save changes and exit.
2. Start Abyss Web Server, and activate Rubber Ninjas.

OR 

Drag "Hosts" send to C:WINDOWSsystem32driversetc




Problem 2: Going to rubberninjas.com does indeed bring up an Abyss Web Server page, but rubberninjas.com/validatekey.php 
does not seem to exist.
1. Go to your Abyss Web Server installation directory, usually C:Abyss Web Server by default.
2. Open the htdocs directory.
3. Create a new file (any, .txt, whatever). Open it in notepad, and put in the number 1. No spaces before or after, just "1"
4. File > Save as. For file type, choose all files. Save it as "validatekey.php"
5. Start Abyss Web Server, and activate Rubber Ninjas.

OR
 
Drag "validate key.php" to C:Program FilesAbyss Web Serverhtdocs




Internet connection may not be needed


Take note that all problems are solved by dragging the 2 files to their respective locations if there are any.


Edited By: Lopaew 
And Originator: Zach1188