The UFO FIles - Vol. 1/4

- BENTWATERS UFO
- ALLAGASH ABDUCTIONS
- CROPS CIRCLES
- PHOENIX UFO
- MEXICO UFO
- VANCOUVER LIGHTS

UFO incident in Rendlesham Forest is the name given to a number of reports and sightings of unexplained lights and the alleged landing of an extraterrestrial spacecraft at Bentwaters, near Suffolk, England, in late December of 1980. 
And 'perhaps the most famous UFO you might recall in the United Kingdom and ranks among the most famous UFO events worldwide. It was compared with 'the Roswell UFO incident in the United States and is commonly referred to as the "UK Roswell" or "English Roswell". 
After the event, the Ministry of Defense (MOD) denied the existence of a threat to national safety stating that was never designed as a case of safety. 
Upon investigation of surface, it was stated that there is nothing to talk about UFOs in question and the Department of Defense closed the case immediately, bringing the public and the media for alleged suspicious for coverage of the case. 
Some interpret this as part of a pattern of suppression of information concerning the true nature of unidentified flying objects, both the U.S. and the UK Government (see the UFO conspiracy theory). 
When in 2001 the case has become public domain, with the opening of national archives, it was concluded: the lack of a thorough investigation has confirmed that the case was never taken seriously by the Ministry of Defense and many doubts and suspicions, especially about each other mysteries still remain unsolved. 

Rendlesham Forest is owned by the Forestry Commission and extends for approximately 15 square kilometers (3700 acres) of pine plantations, interspersed with belts of trees, heath and wetlands. It is located in the county of Suffolk, about eight miles (13 km) east of the town of Ipswich. 
The accident occurred near two military bases (now abandoned). These are RAF Bentwaters, located just north of the forest, and RAF Woodbridge, which stretches west from the forest. At that time, both bases were used by the U.S. bases as the Air Force (USAF) and were under the command of Colonel Gordon E. Wing. 
The main events of the story, including the alleged "landing" is to occur about a mile (1600 m) east of the East Gate of RAF Woodbridge. 

Chronicle of the 

And 'now that the event took place between December 26 and 28 December 1980. The report was written specifically to hold up the issue, nearly two weeks after the event showing the date of the first sighting in 27 dicembre.Tale discrepancy in dates has not only further confused the researchers, but also led to confusion of the Ministry of Defense to Research and analysis of radar recordings. 

Approximately 3 of the night of 26 December 1980, a security patrol near the East Gate of RAF Woodbridge reported unidentified flying objects. The military thought at first, and shot down a plane, but entering the forest to better investigate, they saw many lights moving through the trees, coming from an unidentified object. Shortly after 4:00 the soldiers interviewed by the police reported that the lights seen at night were those of the Orford Ness lighthouse, a few miles away. 
Some of the airmen reported seeing a cone of metal, suspended in a yellow fog, fell upon a clearing in the trees, with a button circle of light blue and red. 
A witness says he saw the landing gear of the triangular. 
Some argue that the animals were in a state of fear and panic in the moments prior to and subsequent fall of the flying saucer. 
According to reliable testimonies airmen were interrogated, threatened and forced to sign documents in which giuraravano lies, saying that it confused and underscores that the lights were not more than the lighthouse on the coast, not far from the woods. 
Some reports indicate that the eye witnesses of the affair was intimate and remain in silence with the warning that "bullets are cheap." Colonel Halt, however, said in a 2008 interview reported by CNN that so far the incident has not yet been declassified. 
In the early morning of December 26, the military went back on the scene three small landing noting casts a triangular shape etched in the ground and burns the bark of trees with broken branches. 
At 10.30 they were called by the local police and witness reported that induced the casts in the soil would have been caused by an animal in motion. 

December 28 

The military went on the site again in the early hours of 28 December 1980, with radiation detectors, which seemed literally crazy because of the high concentration of radioactive particles in the area. The deputy commander Lt. Col. Charles chronicle records the events of investigations in real time, while they were carried out by the military base on the places of the accident, on a tape in a microregistratore, the so-called "ribbon Halt." 
The tape shows in detail the dialogues of inquiry, headed by Colonel Halt and staff of the base. The registration was reported that the lights were observed throughout the east, almost in line with a farm not far from the place of the accident. 
The original copy of the tape was never found. 
In 1984, a copy of what is known as the "ribbon Halt" fell into the hands of some researchers. Unfortunately, due to the fact that the tape was recorded with an old recorder, a large part of the recording was not hear clearly but the tape clearly revealed, although the scrsa quality audio, much more than a simple conversation. 
During the morning there were other sightings of lights in the sky to the north and south, but this time were more intnse. 
Some sources claim that the incident was recorded on a video that currently owns the USAF, the tape was never made public. 
Witnesses report that small beings committed to communicating with the leaders and the military commander of the base, seen Gordon Williams communicated with aliens through a language composed of signs and gestures. These items do not have reliable evidence, and from reports ever confirmed. 

UFO sightings in Bentwaters lasted for three nights, starting after midnight on 26 December 1980 and again until the night of the 28th Sergeant Penniston, reported that under hypnosis they found immersed in a strong light and he saw the symbols on a silver surface, said to have received the images and thoughts that you understand those who landed in Rendlesham Forest were travelers from the future trying desperately to remedy a serious medical problem by taking genetic material of terrestrial life forms because the felt a sort of "patch" useful to their survival!