Description

Blue Seduction (2009)

Video Codec: XviD-1.2.1
Video Bitrate: 900 kbps
Audio Codec: MP3 VBR Stereo
Audio Bitrate: 160 kbps
Aspect Ratio: 1.81:1
Resolution: 640 x 352
Frame Rate: 23.976 fps
Genre: Thriller
Runtime: 90 mins
RAR Count: 50x15
Audio Language: English
Subtitles: N/A
DVD Date: 12.01.2009
Release Date: 11.09.2009
Theater Date: 04.06.2009
IMDB Rating: N/A 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1337040

A middle aged music composer finds himself trapped in the
seductive web of a young, sexy vocalist who is looking
for her own fifteen seconds of fame. Mikey Taylor, once
the very popular lead singer of the hot rock and roll
group, THE SAINTS , lived a life of sex, drugs and rock
and roll, until he met JOYCE, a real estate broker, now
his wife of ten years. Joyce was instrumental in sobering
Mike up through various rehabs, and always supportive
but then the real estate market took a dive, and Mike had
to go back to writing songs for a new record album deal
with his former partners STANLEY and DICKIE. Mikey, now
known as MIKE TAYLOR, is in the Studio waiting to lay
down the new tracks, when MATTY MCPHERSON, strikingly
young and beautiful, introduces herself as the new demo
singer. As she begins to sing, there is an immediate
attraction between Mike and Matty, who is not only
gorgeous and young, but a brilliant artist. Matty follows
Mike back to his hotel and seduces him, which is
reminiscent of his exciting "groupie" rock and roll days
He immediately becomes smitten with the very young and
beautiful Matty, but tells himself this affair will pass
as soon as the album is finished. The problem is, Mike
can not finish the album without Matty, who truly
inspires him, but who also leads him back down the road
of destruction by encouraging him to relive his days of
alcohol, drugs and sex abuse. Matty tells Mike she is his
new addiction and convinces him he cannot succeed without
her. As weeks go by, Mike is filled with the expected
guilt of a cheating husband, but the more he tries to get
away from Matty, the more she tempts him back with a new
song she has written. To celebrate, she offers more
booze, drugs and erotic sex; taking Mike deeper into the
dark side: closer to Matty but further from Joyce. Mike's
friends encourage him to go to the police, citing she is
a stalker who is out to destroy him, but when he tries
the police take Matty's side, who convinces the police
she is pregnant with Mike's child. To retaliate Matty
kidnaps Joyce, and invites Mike to "save Joyce, or
succumb to me". Will Mike be able to save Joyce from the
evil web of Matty, or succumb to his addiction as he has
so many times before with the beautiful Matty?

Billy Zane: Mikey Taylor
Estella Warren: Matty
Bernard Robichaud: Stanley
Jane Wheeler: Joyce
Lalesha Railsback: Nurse
Bunthivy Nou: TV Hostess
Josh Linton: Officer Eddie
Robbie O'Neill: Dickie Kline
Mandy Maclean: Jennifer
Paul F. McCarthy: Paramedic
