Ashampoo Uninstaller V4.04
Full version with serial

[IMG]http://i777.photobucket.com/albums/yy56/trt-crew/ashampoouninstaller.jpg[/IMG]
Windows is famous for getting more sluggish the more you use it. One reason for this is that many programs leave your computer full of digital garbage when you remove them. Every time you try out a new program and then uninstall it your system gets more and more clogged up with redundant program components that just get in the way and slow things down. 

 Ashampoo Uninstaller 4 completely eliminates this problem. It lets you test software with confidence because you can be sure that no trace of programs you remove are left anywhere on your system. It does this by comparing compact “Before” and “After” snapshots that identify exactly where all program components and settings are located. Uninstalling is completely safe, with automatic backups and a special Reinstaller for quickly reinstalling programs with all their settings. 

 In addition to uninstalling, you can also use UnInstaller’s comprehensive “Before and After” comparisons to monitor and identify the secret activities of any program – for example hidden files and Registry keys. Just take a snapshot, run the application that you want to monitor and then take another snapshot. UnInstaller then compares the snapshots and shows you all the changes the program has made anywhere on your system. 

 Ashampoo UnInstaller 4 is actually a complete Windows maintenance package with over a dozen powerful tools. It comes with an advanced hard disk defragmenter, a file wiper, a file undeleter, an Internet cleaner, a Windows Registry cleaner, a Windows system restore point manager, file and folder backup and much more. See further below for a full list. 
New and improved in this version
Ashampoo UnInstaller 4 is now better than ever before, with new features, improved functionality, two new utility modules and a new graphical user interface. 
Improved UnInstaller
 
Uninstall performance and accuracy have been further improved, particularly for “staged” program installations. This means that programs installed in several logged stages, for example with multiple updates over a period of time, are now removed much more efficiently. 
New Undeleter and File Wiper
 
A powerful undelete tool for recovering accidentally deleted files and a wiper for completely removing all traces of sensitive files from your hard disk have been added to the UnInstaller toolkit in this version. 
Improved Hard Disk Defragmenter
 
The efficient hard disk defragmentation tool has received a major update and now includes boot time defragmentation, automatic “Pro-Active” defragmentation when the hard disk is idle and multiple drive defragmentation with optional automatic computer shutdown when the process is complete. 
Improved Internet Cleaner
 
The Internet Cleaner deletes all traces of Internet surfing sessions from your computer (all browsers normally save records of everything you view). The new version supports all the latest versions of Internet Explorer and Firefox, and now also allows Firefox users to choose which cookies they want to keep or delete. 
New graphical user interface
 
In additional to the functional improvements Ashampoo UnInstaller 4 has been given an attractive new graphical user interface that makes the program easier and more intuitive to use. 
Other highlights
In addition to the new and improved features Ashampoo UnInstaller 4 continues to offer all the other tools and features that have made it so popular with novice and experienced users alike. 
Installation Monitor
 
This small system tray tool identifies almost all program installations automatically, logging the entire installation process so that you can remove the program later with the Ashampoo UnInstaller. 
Monitor secret program activities 
Just take a “Before” snapshot with UnInstaller, run the application that you want to monitor and then take another snapshot. UnInstaller will then show you all the changes the program has made anywhere on your system, including Registry entries, new files, file changes and other changes. 
Reinstaller
 
Get insurance against changing your mind! Reinstaller reinstalls your removed programs along with all your individual settings so that you don’t have to go through the hassle of configuring everything all over again. 
Drag & Drop Desktop Uninstaller
 
Just drag the icon of a logged program onto the desktop icon to remove it from your computer with Ashampoo UnInstaller. Great for getting rid of trial versions quickly. 
Find invalid installation entries
 
Add/Remove Programs in the Windows Control Panel often contains invalid entries for programs no longer on your system. This tool locates and deletes these entries, freeing up resources on your machine. 
Manage system restore points
 
Windows has a system for saving “rollback” backups of your system called “restore points” that allow you to return your system to an earlier state without losing your personal data (text documents, emails, browser history etc). The restore points manager shows you all your restore points. It also enables you to activate and deactivate automatic restore points, create manual restore points and load restore points to return your system to a previous state. 
Registry Cleaner
 
The Windows Registry is the central database where both Windows and most programs save all their (and your) settings. Lots of leftover junk data often accumulates here, particularly when you remove programs without Ashampoo UnInstaller. This tool helps you to identify and get rid of this cruft that is clogging up your system. 
Manage fonts
 
Fonts you don’t use can use up a surprising amount of memory and Windows resources. This tool enables you to view all the fonts on your system with detailed information on each font and remove fonts you no longer require. 
Contents of the UnInstaller toolbox 
¦Automatic and manual monitoring of program installation
¦Monitor secret program activities
¦Remove all traces of programs from your system
¦Interactive tool for removing programs for which you don’t have Ashampoo UnInstaller installation logs
¦Reinstaller – reinstall programs with all your settings 
¦Drag & Drop uninstaller
¦Advanced hard disk defragmenter with automatic defragmentation
¦Windows Registry cleanup tool
¦Internet cleanup tool, delete all surfing traces
¦Undelete tool, restore accidentally deleted files
¦File wiper for secure deletion of files
¦Find/delete duplicate files tool
¦Find/delete temporary files tool
¦Find/delete empty folders tool
¦Start Menu cleanup tool
¦Manage Windows services tool
¦Manage Internet Explorer extensions tool
¦File and folder backup and restore utility
¦Font management tool, delete unnecessary fonts


Install Notes:
1.) run installer
2.) start up program
3.) in main window navigate to Internet > register
4.) insert serial (see serial.txt)

Done, TrT