File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:31

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 4399 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.09 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Believe is the second studio album by Australian guitarist Orianthi and her debut album recorded for a major label. It was released on October 26, 2009 by Geffen Records. The album's release was pushed back by Geffen to coincide with the compilation album This Is It by Michael Jackson, as a result of the publicity generated from her appearance in the concert film of the same name. The album peaked at number 77 at the Billboard 200.

The song "Believe" from which the album is titled, is a cover of the Niels Brinck's song "Believe Again", best known as the Danish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.Virtuoso guitarist Steve Vai appears on and co-wrote the song "Highly Strung."

The album will re-released on June 8, 2010, it will include four new songs including the album's second single "Shut Up & Kiss Me".

Orianthi (born Orianthi Panagaris 22 January 1985) is an Australian singer-songwriter and guitarist. She is best known for being Michael Jackson's lead guitarist for his comeback concert series, This Is It. Her debut single "According to You" has peaked at #8 in Australia and #17 in the US, and her debut album Believe was released throughout the last three months of 2009 worldwide.

Orianthi was Michael Jackson's lead guitarist and was present on all rehearsals for his This Is It concerts before his death. In regards to being handpicked by Jackson, she stated:
        “I don’t know exactly why he picked me, but he watched myvideos and loved them. He had his choice of guitar players, but I came in and played the ‘Beat It’ solo for him. Afterward he was so happy he got up and grabbed my arm and started walking up and down the stage area with me. He said, ‘Can you play once for me?’ He hired me that night. I wish he was still around. He made me believe in myself more, and I learned so much. Going into it, I thought it would be all about playing guitar solos. But the majority of it was playing chords and funky rhythms.”

She played and sang at Jackson's memorial, globally televised live on 7 July 2009. She appears in the film Michael Jackson's This Is It, which chronicles the rehearsals for the tour and shows her and Michael on stage. Her song "According to You", from the album Believe, was the Single of the Week on iTunes on 27 October 2009, and reached number eight in Australia. She presented an award at the 2009 American Music Awards, which Jackson won posthumously.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/