Aziz Ansari - Intimate Moments for a Sensual Evening - 2010

Review	by David Jeffries

If you’re unfamiliar with the standup of the wicked funny actor/comedian Aziz Ansari, imagine a Mitch Hedberg tape sped up three ticks and then add an extra helping of snide to the routine, along with Internet-age nerdiness and some deviant ideas that are absolutely unquotable in mixed company. Here’s hoping no one misses the irony of the album’s title, because Intimate Moments for a Sensual Evening stacks the rape jokes high, but Aziz’s act is, fortunately, much more than filthy. “Harassing Harris on Facebook” wouldn’t be nearly as funny if it weren’t for the man's keen ability to put the listener in a paranoid preteen mindset while the insults thrown at MTV are razor-sharp, skewering the contestants of Aziz's most hated show, Next. Hipsters, social network addicts, and those who practice shroomery will get the most out of the man’s thoroughly modern set, but you only need a passing knowledge of Kanye West and R. Kelly to belly laugh at the outstanding fourth quarter. Anyone who appreciates observational humor at breakneck speed must hear the comedian’s re-creation of an R. Kelly club appearance, and if that weren’t enough, Aziz’s over the top “RAAAAAAAANDY” character from the film Funny People provides the encore, which brings down the house. Providing every reason why Kanye West and Judd Apatow are both big fans, this is a fantastic, uproarious debut. 
 
http://allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:wifwxz9sldae


Aziz Ansari - 01 - Gay Rights
Aziz Ansari - 02 - Sheets
Aziz Ansari - 03 - CVS
Aziz Ansari - 04 - Getting The Sniffles On A Flight
Aziz Ansari - 05 - Craigslist
Aziz Ansari - 06 - My Random Roommate
Aziz Ansari - 07 - Getting Recognized In New York
Aziz Ansari - 08 - Walking With Dinosaurs
Aziz Ansari - 09 - Simple Man Cruise
Aziz Ansari - 10 - My Cousin Harris
Aziz Ansari - 11 - Harassing Harris On Facebook
Aziz Ansari - 12 - Are White People Psyched All The Time
Aziz Ansari - 13 - MTV's Next
Aziz Ansari - 14 - The J-1 Waiver
Aziz Ansari - 15 - Using My BlackBerry While Driving
Aziz Ansari - 16 - Bonnaroo
Aziz Ansari - 17 - Cold Stone Creamery
Aziz Ansari - 18 - Something Cool To Say To M.I.A
Aziz Ansari - 19 - A Night Out With Kanye West
Aziz Ansari - 20 - Kanye West vs. Darwish
Aziz Ansari - 21 - R. Kelly The Pied Piper Of R&B
Aziz Ansari - 22 - RAAAAAAAANDY