Spyware Doctor with AntiVirus 2010 7.0.0.513 | 32.5 mb 

Spyware Doctor? provides three-way spyware protection for your PC through real-time threat blocking, advanced system scanning and immunization against known browser infections. Spyware Doctor is a multi-award winning spyware removal utility that detects, removes and protects your PC from thousands of potential spyware, adware, Trojans, keyloggers, spybots and tracking threats. Protect your privacy and computing habits from prying eyes and virtual trespassers with the help of Spyware Doctor. Anti-virus software and firewalls do not fully protect your system against the majority of spyware and privacy threats. 


Because spyware is commonly bundled with software downloads, attached to e-mails, or transmitted through networks it can appear to be legitimate software, but once installed it can be nearly impossible to detect and remove without the help of a dedicated spyware removal tool like Spyware Doctor. 
Spyware Doctor with AntiVirus has the most advanced update feature that continually improves its Spyware and Virus fighting capabilities on a daily basis. As Spyware gets more complex to avoid detection, Spyware Doctor responds with new technology to stay one step ahead. 

Spyware Doctor's advanced IntelliGuard technology only alerts users on a true Spyware and Virus detection. This is significant because you should not be interrupted by cryptic questions every time you install software, add a site to your favorites or change your PC settings. Such messages can be confusing and may result in undesirable outcomes such as program errors, lost favorites or even spyware and viruses being allowed to install on the system. We've done the research so you don't have to. 

Spyware Doctor has been downloaded over 125 million times with millions more downloads every week. People worldwide use Spyware Doctor to protect their PCs from spyware, adware and other online threats. 
Spyware Doctor has consistently been awarded Editors' Choice, by leading PC magazines and testing laboratories around the world, including United States, United Kingdom, Sweden, Germany and Australia. In addition, after leading the market in 2005, Spyware Doctor was awarded the prestigious Best of the Year at the end of 2005 and again in 2006. 

Advanced Detection Intelligence provides Powerful Protection: 
? IMPROVED! Built on a modular architecture which utilizes a diverse range of technologies that detect, block and remove threats attempting to compromise your PC. 

? NEW! ThreatFire? Behavioral Intelligence features next-generation technology to block new threats faster than traditional signature methods. 
? IMPROVED! Advanced rootkit detection technology identifies and removes hidden threats from your PC. 

? NEW! Multi-layered browsing protection against web-based attacks, including phishing attempts, rogueware scare tactics and silent drive-by downloads, using a combination of reactive blacklists and proactive dynamic content analysis technologies. 

* IMPROVED! Site Guard blocks you from visiting potentially unsafe or phishing websites and from downloading threats through your browser, IM or email. 
* Cookie Guard automatically removes potentially malicious tracking and advertising cookies. 

* NEW! Browser Guard stops 'drive-by' downloads of fake AV or malicious files from compromised or exploit websites. 

? Constant real-time IntelliGuard? protection prevents known and new malware threats before they can install and cause any harm to your PC. IntelliGuard? monitors for malicious activity involving spyware processes, viral activity, tracking cookies, suspicious ActiveX objects, browser hijackers, keyloggers, trojans and more. 

? Intelli-Scan? swiftly hunts and kills active spyware threats - utilizes patent-pending spider scanning technology to quickly identify and remove threats. 
