Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Cemetery Gates" is a song by heavy metal band Pantera. The song is the fifth track from Cowboys from Hell, the band's fifth album and second with lead singer Phil Anselmo (though the band considers it their first "true" album, officially ignoring their earlier independent releases). "Cemetery Gates" showcases Anselmo's vocal ability and range, concluding with screaming high notes answered by Dimebag Darrell on guitar in a trade off. The lyrics lament the death of a female relative or friend and the prospect of dying or committing suicide and rejoining her in the afterlife. Presumably, the song is fictitious and not based on any real acquaintance of the band.

"Cemetery Gates" received a large amount of air-play by rock stations, and has become one of Pantera's most popular songs. Guitar World magazine readers voted the song's solo the 35th greatest of all-time, which was Dimebag's 2nd highest ranking solo (after "Floods")

A shorter version of "Cemetery Gates", without its acoustic beginning, was released into a music video. A shortened, five minute and forty-seven second version without the conclusion was included on the soundtrack of the 1995 film Tales from the Crypt Presents Demon Knight. Pantera's live album, Official Live: 101 Proof, includes a six and a half minute rendition of the song.

After Dimebag's death, the song was performed by Dream Theater as a tribute during Gigantour. The band was joined on stage by Russell Allen of Symphony X for the first verse, Burton C. Bell of Fear Factory for the second verse and Dave Mustaine of Megadeth for the ending solo.

The song was later released as downloadable content for Rock Revolution.

The song was covered by Between the Buried and Me on their album The Anatomy Of.

Cowboys from Hell is Pantera's fifth album and their first Atco Records album, released on July 24, 1990. This was their first commercially successful album, exposing the band's choppy rhythms and dissonant vocals to mainstream audiences.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

