Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Who Was in My Room Last Night?" is the opening track from the American rock band The Butthole Surfers' sixth album, Independent Worm Saloon. It was featured in the music video game Guitar Hero II for PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360, developed by Harmonix Music Systems. It also was featured in a 90's Nintendo commercial for the "Play it Loud" campaign. In the commercial the word 'hell' was bleeped out.

Flea, of the Red Hot Chili Peppers can be seen the video as the bartender of the bar the band play in.

Independent Worm Saloon is the sixth album by alternative rock band Butthole Surfers, released in 1993 on Capitol Records.

The Butthole Surfers are an American alternative rock band formed by Gibby Haynes and Paul Leary in San Antonio, Texas in 1981. The band has had numerous personnel changes, but the core lineup of Haynes, Leary, and drummer King Coffey has been together since 1983. Teresa Nervosa served as second drummer from 1983 to 1985, 1986 to 1989, and 2009. The band has also employed a variety of bass players, most notably Bill Jolly and Jeff Pinkus.

Rooted in the 1980s hardcore punk scene, the Butthole Surfers quickly became known for their chaotic and disturbing live shows, black comedy, a sound that incorporates elements of psychedelia, noise, punk rock and, later, electronica, as well as their use of sound manipulation and tape editing. The Buttholes have a well-reported appetite for recreational drugs, particularly psychedelics, an evident influence on their sound.

Although they were respected by their peers and attracted a devoted fan base, the Butthole Surfers had little commercial success until 1996’s Electriclarryland, their only gold record to date. The album contained the hit single “Pepper” which climbed to number one on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart that year.

The Butthole Surfers had their genesis at San Antonio, Texas’ Trinity University in the late 1970s, when students Gibson “Gibby” Haynes, and Paul Leary Walthall (later just Paul Leary) met for the first time. Though it was their overall strangeness and shared taste in non-mainstream music that caused them to become fast friends, both appeared to be headed for very conventional careers. Haynes, as captain of Trinity's basketball team, as well as the school's "Accountant of the Year," soon graduated to a position with a respected Texas accounting firm, while Leary remained in college working on his MBA degree.

In 1981, Haynes and Leary published the magazine Strange V.D., which featured photos of abnormal medical ailments, coupled with fictitious, humorous explanations for the diseases. After being caught with one of these pictures at work, Haynes left the accounting firm and moved to Southern California. Leary, at the time one semester shy of his degree, dropped out of college and followed Haynes. After a brief period spent selling homemade clothes and linens emblazoned with Lee Harvey Oswald's image, the pair returned to San Antonio, and launched the band that would eventually become the Butthole Surfers.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

