Source: Kellys Heroes 1970 720p BluRay x264-AVCHD 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5610498


------------------------------------------------------

GREEK SUBTITLES ARE HARDCODED

------------------------------------------------------

IMDB 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065938/

Splashing the exploits of a crew of wartime buccaneers all over the screen, Kelly's Heroes specialises in bright flashes and rumbling explosions. Somewhere in the south of France, near Nancy, it's raining hard and the Germans are pushing the US forces into an unwelcome retreat. Right in the midst of this disorder, Kelly (Clint Eastwood) has managed to capture a Nazi intelligence officer and spirit him back to the unit's base. Big Joe (Telly Savalas) doesn't seem very impressed by their prisoner though, leaving him in the tender hands of Kelly while he goes off to speak with their colonel (who's busy liberating a small boat). However, while the German won't talk, the bars of "lead" that he's carrying say a great deal. The point is that they're actually gold!

By the time Big Joe returns, their camp is under heavy bombardment from both Mulligan (George Savalas), on their side, and the Germans, so a retreat is in progress. In the meantime, Kelly's found fresh motivation through discovering the whereabouts of 14,000 bars of enemy gold and having the gall to go after them. By pumping his contacts, mainly black-market supplier Crap Game (Don Rickles), Kelly manages to arrange enough arms and information to equip a small, highly-disciplined unit for a rapid in-out mission. The first clue that events might not quite unfold this way comes with Oddball (Donald Sutherland), the laid-back commander of three Sherman tanks. Since this sort of back up is invaluable, Kelly swallows his distaste and welcomes Oddball onto the team.

With the plans put together so thoroughly, Big Joe finds his men taken out from under him. They all want a share of the bullion, even if it means travelling behind enemy lines, so all he can do is acquiesce gracefully and claim his share. Thus the rag-tag squad moves out, in exactly the opposite direction to every other Allied soldier! No one seems to notice when they slip across the lines though, probably because Mulligan has laid down one of his characteristically random mortar bombardments for them. All they have to worry about now is finding some intact bridges, getting targeted by their own side and, of course, running into a few battalions of German troops! The mere fact that Gen. Colt (Carroll O'Connor) is unaware of their unauthorised mission is the least of Kelly's concerns, at least until the General does become aware.

Intended as some sort of uproarious combination of comedy, western and war movie, Kelly's Heroes fails to harness the best points of each genre. What actually happens is that an amorphous bunch of weirdo army types are lumped together in the hope that they'll prove intrinsically amusing. Hence Eastwood is the typical man of few words, Savalas a blustery but big-hearted leader, Sutherland an out-of-place acid casualty and Rickles a whiney capitalist who proves to be a stand-up fellow by the end (courtesy of a bullet wound). Now, these roles all fit together like pieces in a jigsaw, but the picture suffers because there's no heart to these characters. All they do is act like cogs, allowing the action sequences to roll ever onwards. However, that said, the cast seem to be having fun, with Eastwood coming off best as the brains of the operation.

Since character development isn't a corner-stone of Kelly's Heroes, enjoyment is obtained in slightly more visceral ways. A large fraction of the budget has obviously been spent making sure that everything looks just right, then blowing it up! There are a great many explosions and, to the movie's credit, they're extremely believable (no cheap models here). The strange thing is that amongst all of this gung-ho slaughtering of Germans, Kelly's Heroes pauses part-way through to allow a hint of realism to creep in. Several of the "heroes" are killed off, and not in particularly noteworthy ways either, though the standard action figure invulnerability soon returns. It seems that the film-makers briefly thought that they might say something deeper on the nature of war (or perhaps they just had to rid themselves of the actors) but couldn't continue.

Ultimately, Kelly's Heroes is reasonable fun. There are great moments, such as when the General proclaims Kelly's band heroes for their epic advance, and the dialogue can be quite amusing, in a macho put-down type of way, but mostly the movie borders on the average. If you're really grasping for reasons to watch a young-looking Eastwood, take care to notice the eclectic score - it's delightfully cheesy. [A review by Damian Cannon.]

--------------------------------------------------------
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/OmifastGR/

