Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Ms Triniti is a reggae fusion singer/songwriter who mixes the dancehall, reggae and pop genres. She is an independent artist, though has had two Top 20 Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop sales singles, two Top 5 singles in Jamaica, one of which was a # 1 hit, as well as 4 studio albums on EMI/Japan to date.

Triniti was born in London, England to a Trinidadian Father and an American mother. She spent her childhood years mostly in England, but traveling back and forth between Trinidad. She currently resides in Los Angeles. Her family name is Paguandas but was later changed to Bhaguandas by her father.

Ms. Triniti was signed to Sony/Columbia Records in 2003, but the album was never released. The recorded single became an underground hit in Japan and was followed with the album, 'Ragga Hop' which spent 4 weeks at #1 on the HMV Reggae album charts. 'Ragga Hop' was later released on EMI/Japan in 2005. The album peaked at 39 on the Japanese Oricon Chart. Ms. Triniti was also signed to Sony Publishing Japan. Her second single, ‘Bongce Along’ feat. Edee, became a number 5 hit on Jamaica’s Top 30 Singles chart in 2007 and earned her the Nomination for ‘Best New Artist’ at Jamaica’s EME awards. She has performed all over the world, including Germany, Italy, Ghana, Jamaica, Switzerland, Canada Trinidad and Japan, has toured with Sean Paul, opened for Ja Rule, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne, Ludacris, T. Pain, Omarion and Beenie Man. Ms. Triniti collaborations include her current single, 'Lockdown' feat. Vybz Kartel. ‘Burnin Burnin’ feat Beenie Man, which spent 2 weeks at number 1 on Jamaica's Video charts(dec 2008), and became her first number-one song on Jamaica's Top 30 Dancehall Singles Chart. Other collaborations include, Love it like that’ with Cham on his Ghetto Story album in 2006, 'Never gonna Know' feat Da'ville and ‘1000 lifetimes’ with Beenie Man, 2008.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

