Call of Duty 2 - Big Red One for the Ps2                            Rel. 11/01/2005


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Online:        Yes & No (Didn't have original for ID, DNAS couldn't be patched).
Genre.:        Action Adventure Shooter
Rated:         M (Mature)
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


Release Notes: Though this has the online feature, I didn't have the original disc 
               so I couldn't get the required Disc ID to patch the DNAS. But there 
               may or may not be servers ready for this game anyway as many ps2 
               games don't even have the online servers running anymore.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

In the second Call of Duty game for consoles, players again take to battle in The Second World War. As with other Call of Duty games, focus is on the characters and their drama amidst the furious, heavily scripted, first-person action. As a private new to war in America's most legendary infantry division, nicknamed the Big Red One for the distinctive patch they wore, players will fight through the game as a team in the Fighting First, and will be affected by the loss of friends on the battlefield.

Players will have to re-enact the successes of World War II through a wide variety of land, sea and air missions in Africa, Sicily and Normandy, by using vehicles including tanks, jeeps, armored cars and half-tracks. Success will depend on how well players can move, shoot and complete the objectives that a commanding officer provides before each mission.

Features:

* Cinematic Intensity as Never Before on Consoles: The hallmark cinematic 
  intensity of Call of Duty returns with a more complete gameplay experience than 
  ever. Experience a wide variety of missions on land, sea, and in the air, with 
  the aid of over three dozen authentic American, Italian, French, and German 
  weapons. Charge into battle together as Allied and Axis planes duel overhead,
  artillery explosions shake the ground and choke the air, and bullets and 
  shrapnel streak past you and your squadmates. Experience war-torn Europe and 
  Africa, from the blistering desert expanses of Tunisia and Libya to the 
  beautiful yet deadly countrysides of Italy, France, Belgium, and Germany. 

* Live a soldier's story, deeper than any you've experienced before: You are 
  thrust into the role and story of a member of The Big Red One, America’s most 
  heroic and decorated infantry division. Experience the camaraderie of a single 
  tight-knit army squad, bound together through the chaos of battle over the 
  course of the entire game. Yes, you will suffer casualties; you must not 
  suffer defeat. 

* Know your squad like never before: Through all-new AI and animation, your allies
 (and your enemies) just got a lot smarter. Your squad will now make better use of
  environmental cover and tactical Maneuvers, such as flanking, envelopment, and
  fire-and-maneuver behaviors. Hear your allies reacting to the events on the 
  battlefield with contextually accurate battle chatter. 


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!	