MediaShow 5 photo and video editing software helps you easily organize, show and share all your photos and videos. Make quick fixes to common photo and video problems with a click. Create impressive slideshows to show friends. Face-tag your photos quickly and efficiently then upload to Facebook! To top it off, MediaShow 5 converts files 10x faster to popular media device formats.

One-Click Fixes

MediaShow provides a range of tools to enhance your photos and videos with just one click. Impress your friends by making sure your photos and videos always look their best.

Memorable Slideshows
Turn your photos into video slideshows. New animated text and transition effects, plus easy-to-apply templates, let you combine photos and videos to create unforgettable slideshows in minutes.

Smart Face Tagging
Offering fast face detection with support for DirectX 11 DirectCompute, MediaShow 5 organizes photos by people. FaceMe™ technology identifies faces so you can tag your collection in a faster and smarter way.

Automatic Sorting
Automatic grouping of photos plus smart suggestions for tagging make sorting through your photos fast and easy. MediaShow automatically organizes your photos and videos by date too.

Speedy Video Conversion
Convert videos up to 10X faster, by leveraging the full power of your CPU and graphics processor. MediaShow is optimized for 2010 Intel Core Family Processors, NVIDIA CUDA, and ATI Stream technology.

Easy Video Editing
MediaShow provides easy tools for editing videos. Choose from one of 12 templates to create a video theme, featuring music and effects, or manually trim your clip down to size in just a few clicks.


Ways to Share Online
Explore new ways to share your memories online. Upload tagged photos directly to Facebook. Add to your image collection on Flickr. Broadcast yourself via

Memories for Keeps
Burn discs of your videos and slideshows to play on your DVD player. Add a navigation menu from your built-in library or download heaps more styles from DirectorZone.com.

Media On the Go
Output your slideshows and videos to mobile devices like an iPhone, iPod, PSP or Zune. Pre-set profiles eliminate the need for any complex settings.

Key Features:
Auto fix video noise NEW
Editing log for retracing steps NEW
Apply video fixes in batches NEW
Tag faces in photos NEW
FaceMe™ Technology for face detection and recognition NEW
Transfer videos to iTunes NEW
Convert videos to MPEG-2, WMV, AVC (H.264) NEW
Convert videos to portable Apple, Sony and Microsoft devices NEW
Convert and upload tagged faces to Facebook directly NEW
Support for DirectX 11 DirectCompute
Liquid Interface
Videos: Auto Fixing and Organizing
Auto fix video noise NEW
Editing log for retracing steps NEW
Apply fixes in batches NEW
Auto fix video lighting, steady shaky videos
Trim video length
Photos: Face Tagging, Auto Fixing and Organizing
Tag faces in photos NEW
FaceMe™ Technology for face detection and recognition NEW
Editing log for retracing of steps NEW
Apply fixes in batches NEW
Add videos to slideshows NEW
Arrange slideshow order NEW
Create color boards NEW
Insert animated text effects to slideshows NEW
Apply transition effects to slideshows
Express Video Conversion
Convert videos to MPEG-2, WMV, AVC (H.264) NEW
Convert videos to portable Apple, Sony and Microsoft devices NEW
Convert videos in batches NEW
Optimized for Intel Core i3, i5, i7 NEW
Optimized for NVIDIA CUDA & ATI Stream NEW
Ways to Share Videos and Photos
Upload tagged photos to Facebook directly NEW
Transfer videos to iTunes NEW
Upload videos tophotos to Flickr
Author DVDs of your videos and slideshows
Access DirectorZone disc menus for unlimited download INFINITE


Link Keygen  http://www.virustotal.com/analisis/00ddea263a6653d5976513e35892bec979a149d13e8c11596814b3182b3e295f-1263765495

Tested And Working

Done it again Sunday Morning

Enjoy