Time Stands Still is the title of a Blues and Folk recording by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither, released in 2009. It was released on Signature Sound Recordings and produced by David Goodrich

Four decades of music mastery and songwriting craft come together on Chris Smither's latest collection, Time Stands Still -- a gripping mix of originals and potent covers. The new collection puts the exclamation point on a legendary career that shows no signs of slowing down. On the contrary, this blues and folk superstar continues to build creative momentum. His latest effort features a slew of tunes stripped down to their essence, shining the spotlight on Smither's understated power as a songwriter--one who taps into emotions at their most elemental and powerful core. It's a reminder why artists as diverse as Bonnie Raitt, Emmylou Harris and Diana Krall have mined Smither's catalog in the past. He's teamed with producer and guitarist David "Goody" Goodrich and drummer Zak Trojano to create a simple, yet emotionally powerful musical landscape upon which to paint his blues and folk-fueled narra- tives. As always, Smither's signature finger-picking style mixes with his whiskey-meets-honey vocals to deliver intensely honest meditations on life, love and loss. Smither's 11th studio album was recorded in just three days and captures the vibrant urgency and immediacy of his live shows. It features eight original compositions as well as covers from Bob Dylan, Mark Knopfler, and 1920s country-blues songster Frank Hutchison. 

Audio CD (September 29, 2009) 
Original Release Date: September 29, 2009 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Signature Sounds 
ASIN: B002IVLWF6 

All songs by Chris Smither unless otherwise noted.

"Don't Call Me Stranger" - 4:08 
"Time Stands Still" - 3:45 
"Surprise, Surprise" - 4:08 
"I Don't Know" - 4:04 
"Call Yourself" - 4:43 
"Old Man Down" - 5:00 
"I Told You So" - 3:46 
"It Takes a Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry" (Bob Dylan) - 4:26 
"Miner's Blues" (Frank Hutchinson) - 3:08 
"Someone Like Me" - 4:25 
"Madame Geneva's" (Mark Knopfler) - 2:51 
[edit] Personnel
Chris Smither – vocals, acoustic guitar 
David Goodrich - electric and acoustic guitar, piano 
Zak Trojano - percussion 

 Production
Produced by David Goodrich 
Mixed by Mark Thayer and David Goodrich 
Mastered by Ian Kennedy 
Project coordination by Carol Young 
Design by Meghan Dewar 
Photography by Jeff Fasano 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed



