When I was new to torrenting, I ripped my albums to mp3 at somewhere between 64-128 kbps to save space. Since then, I have had many requests for certain albums at a higher bit rate. This is one of those albums. Many of these are already available at lower bit rates as part of certain compilations I’ve put out, but the requests for higher quality have mounted, so here ya go. All albums are ripped to 320 kbps mp3, and are properly tagged and labeled.

Rambam1776



Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums – Live at Sheabeen Pub

Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 01 - Amhran na bhFiann (A Soldier's Song)
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 02 - St. Patrick's Day - medley
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 03 - Bold Fenian Men - medley
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 04 - On the Rocks - medley
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 05 - Highland Cathedral
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 06 - Competition Medley - 2000
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 07 - Itchy Feet
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 08 - Four Green Fields
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 09 - Amazing Grace
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 10 - Let Erin Remember - medley
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 11 - Danny Boy - medley (with Drum Solo)
Michael Collins Bagpipes & Drums - 12 - A Nation Once Again
 
http://www.michaelcollinspb.com/

The Michael Collins Pipes and Drums was founded on June 29, 1996. The Band chose its name to honor Michael Collins who is regarded as the father of the Irish Republic; and to align itself more closely with its primary patron, the Michael Collins Division of the Ancient Order of Hibernians (AOH), based in Denver Colorado. The Band considers it a great honor to carry his name.

The Band's connection with the AOH assures close ties with Colorado's Irish community and therefore, Irish music will always play a major role in the band's repertoire. The Band's mission also includes a promise to avoid political discord, discrimination, or exclusion of new members on the basis of religion, political or social ideology, or ethnic heritage. The band's objective is to learn and play great pipe music and to have fun. 

