Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Haven't Met You Yet" is the first single by Canadian jazz singer Michael Bublé from his 2009 album Crazy Love. Like Bublé's song "Everything", this song carries an adult contemporary sound. The song has proved success on the adult contemporary charts, being an airplay success, reaching #4, so far. The song entered the UK Singles Chart on the 18th October 2009 at number 9 making it his first top 10 hit in the UK, eventually climbing up to number 5 in its third week.

The official music video was directed by Brett Sullivan and released on October 1, 2009. The video is about Bublé in a supermarket (Killarney Market located in Vancouver, BC, Canada) and after meeting a blonde woman (Luisana Lopilato, his real life fiance) at a fridge, all the customers and staff started dancing around the store and eventually moved outside to the parking lot covered in receipts as confetti.

The video then cuts to Bublé at the till with the cashier handing him his receipt while he is still seemingly daydreaming before awaking. An embarrassed Bublé then takes the receipt and walks out with everyone staring at him. As he is about to exit the supermarket, he sees the blonde woman from his daydream walking into the supermarket. He takes a glance at her and walks out of the supermarket perplexed.

Crazy Love, released in 2009, is Canadian vocalist Michael Bublé's fourth studio album. After only three days of sales, the album opened atop the Billboard 200 chart with 132,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan, giving the singer his second No. 1 album. Spending the first full week at the top, the album increased in sales to 203,000 copies, staying again with the number one spot on its second week. The album sold 3,338,000 copies since it's release.

In Australia, the album debuted at No.1 on the ARIA Albums Chart and spent 3 continuous weeks at No.1. It has since spent 12 weeks in the top 10 and is certified 3x platinum.

The album was recorded over a period of six months in Los Angeles, New York, and Vancouver (his hometown). Produced by David Foster, Bob Rock and Humberto Gatica, Michael Bublé describes Crazy Love as the "ultimate record about the inevitable roller coaster ride of relationships."

The first single, "Haven't Met You Yet," written by Bublé, Alan Chang and Amy Foster (former collaborators), was released on August 31, 2009.[4] Weeks prior to this single, Bublé offered his audience an early glimpse at Crazy Love with a "playful" remix of "Baby (You Got What It Takes)".

The album was named for Northern Irish musician Van Morrison's 1970 song, "Crazy Love", with a cover version included.

Bublé commented on the recording process for the album: "I started this record knowing I was going to record it differently than my previous ones. I dug way deeper and was more introspective on this one. Basically, I sang the truth - made each song autobiographical - and you can definitely hear the difference. I went back to the way my idols made their records. I wanted an organic feel - so people could feel like they were in the studio with me. The musicians and I all sat in the room, recorded it right from the floor and we let the sounds all come together and bleed into one another. It's not contrived. Not too perfect. It just feels really good." 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

