.



screenshots (+ DVD-covers): 
http://www.cmylink.com/AllDogsGotoHeaven




Plot:
A dog returns from the dead looking for revenge on his killer using an orphan girl who can talk to animals.

All Dogs Go to Heaven is a 1989 animated film directed and produced by Don Bluth and released by United Artists. Set in 1939, the film tells the story of two dogs, Charlie B. Barkin (voiced by Burt Reynolds) and his loyal best friend Itchy Itchiford (voiced by Dom Deluise). Charlie, who is murdered by his gangster business partner Carface Carruthers, forsakes his place in Heaven to return and take revenge. On his return he frees a young orphan girl, Anne-Marie, who Carface was holding captive because of her ability to talk to and understand animals (giving Carface insider information about whom to bet on in races). At first Charlie and Itchy intend on exploiting Anne-Marie's gift too, but they soon become attached to her and act as her protectors. Charlie learns that he will have to change his ways in order to get back into Heaven.

The film was produced at Sullivan Bluth Studios in Dublin, Ireland, funded by UK-based investors Goldcrest Films. On its cinema release it competed directly with an animated feature released at the same time, The Little Mermaid produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. While it did not repeat the box-office success of Sullivan Bluth's previous feature films (An American Tail and The Land Before Time) it was very successful on home video, becoming one of the biggest-selling VHS releases ever. The film inspired a theatrical sequel, a television series and a holiday direct-to-video film. It has since then become a cult film and classic.

Cast:


	Burt Reynolds	... 	Charlie B. Barkin (voice)
	Dom DeLuise	... 	Itchy Itchiford (voice)
	Judith Barsi	... 	Anne-Marie (voice)
	Melba Moore	... 	Whippet Angel (Annabelle) (voice)
	Daryl Gilley	... 	Dog Caster (voice)
	Candy Devine	... 	Vera (voice)
	Charles Nelson Reilly	... 	Killer (voice)
	Vic Tayback	... 	Carface (voice)
	Rob Fuller	... 	Harold (voice)
	Earleen Carey	... 	Kate (voice)
	Anna Manahan	... 	Stella Dallas (voice)
	Nigel Pegram	... 	Sir Reginald (voice)
	Loni Anderson	... 	Flo (voice)
	Ken Page	... 	King Gator (voice)
	Godfrey Quigley	... 	Terrier (voice)



Directors: Don Bluth & Gary Goldman (co-director)
Writers:   Don Bluth (story) & Ken Cromar (story) 
Released:  28 March 1990
Genre:     Animation | Adventure | Drama | Family | Fantasy | Musical
Runtime:   89 mins.



