PhoneMyPC is an exciting new way to connect with up to three Window's PC's from your Android based phone. No network knowledge needed, no network configuration required, features work from anywhere in the world so long as you have an internet connection. PhoneMyPC has something for everybody.

Take a snapshot of what's on your PC (check up on your teenager). Show your presentation on a big screen using your phone as a wireless mouse and keyboard. Provide remote support from anywhere. Work on your PC from your phone at the beach. All of this with a trivial setup. And these are the just the basic features! 

Control Mouse+Keys
Take control of the mouse and keyboard of any PC. This feature works from anyplace, but is designed for situations when you can directly see the PC's monitor. Perfect for business people to control their PC while giving presentations, even if the PC is secured behind a corporate firewall. Ideal for controlling your media PC at home from the comfort of your couch.

View Snapshot
Get a high-quality image of whatever is on the PC screen, anytime, from anyplace. Pan and zoom while viewing the image. Optionally save the image to your SD card. Perfect for parents monitoring their children's computer usage, employers verifying employee activities, or business people needing a quick snapshot of a presentation from a remote location.

View Live
Passively watch the activity on your PC from anyplace.


Interact Live
View the PC screen on your phone and control the mouse and keyboard from your phone. Perfect for remote support, or to get work done while on the road.


Execute Actions
Configure any PC to execute a program when you tap a list item on your phone--from anywhere in the world! Perfect for remotely starting a presentation, pranking a friend, or just about anything else.

Control Processes
See a list of running programs, change execution priority, close or terminate any of them. Perfect for developers to kill out of control programs, or to help stop viruses and trojans, even if they have disabled your task manager.

Control Windows
See a list of applicaiton windows on any PC. Close any window, hide/show, minimize/maximize any window from anyplace. Great for parents wanting to hide/close browser windows, games and more.
