VIII-VII-MMX


na.K. House Mix XIII - A Half Life Mix (VIII-VII-MMX)

Brought to you by www d0t musicthroughscience d0t com



Welcome back friends.  You're just in time for the release of my latest and greatest house mix.  Had a blast throwing this one together as I've been trying new techniques and software for my final productions.  If you are curious about the Half Life theme it was actually suggested to me by a friend and I couldn't resist trying it out.  It adds a bit of life to the mixes which is why I always have some sort of theme going on.  Some amazing effects and sound bytes mixed in from one of the greatest games of all time......Half Life.

There are some serious tracks to check out so don't miss them.  Personal favourite has to be the new Pryda track "M.S.B.O.Y".  It's fucking brilliant.  A close second is the new track by Cirez D called "The Tumble" which starts things off with a bang.   

As always these are the latest and greatest house tracks from around the world all perfectly mixed just for you.  They're only getting better so stay tuned and be ready to move with this one.  Thanks again for all the support, feedback, emails and comments! Remember to check out my facebook fan page and come back here for updates, pics, and great house music.  If you like what you hear I ask you to please pass it on to your mates.  All of this is done from the heart for house music lovers around the world.  Pay it forward as they say.....take care my friends.

Keep smiling, keep dancing......


na.K.

(Visit www d0t musicthroughscience d0t com to download all my House mixes)



Track Listing

Intro - This is Where I Get Off........
Cirez D - The Tumble (Original Mix)
Criminal Vibes - Bring the Beat (Original Mix)
Stefano Noferini - Burujava (Original Vibes Mix)
Patrick M - You Got (Original Mix)
FM Radio Gods - 333 (D-Nox & Beckers Remix)
Joris Voorn - The Secret (Original Mix) 
Pryda - M.S.B.O.Y. (Original Mix)
Sebbastien Drums & Avicii - My Feeling for You (Original Mix) 
Mr Blink - Gecko (Original Mix)
Pryda - The End (Original Mix)
Hausjacker - Circus Freak (Original Mix)
Rettore & Riva Starr - Splendido (Vocal Mix)
Crazibiza - Spinning Around (Original Mix) 
Paul Thomas - Sunrise (Antillas & Dankann Remix)

Total Track Time 
1:19:48

Track Info
320kbps MP3
44100Hz
Stereo
128 BPM 



Brought to you by: www d0t musicthroughscience d0t c0m