BBC Radio 2 - Bob Harris Country - Broadcast 14th Jan 2010 



Tonight's programme features a session with East Nashville based alt country hero Todd Snider.
"Todd Snider is a true songwriter, with the heart and humor of John Prine, the wild unpredictability of Roger Miller, and a fresh, original spirit and freedom of imagination that's absolutely his own" - Kris Kristofferson

In a session recorded in Nashville last September as part of Radio 2's Americana music awards coverage, Todd Snider plays tracks from his latest album 'The Excitement Plan' which he recorded in Los Angeles with Grammy winning record producer Don Was ( Bob Dylan, Rolling Stones). With a narrative and often humorous style Snider's songs are laced with his observations on politics, religion and culture, alongside his own autobiographical experiences from a life of hard living and the odd brush with the law.

Born in Portland, Oregon, Todd Snider moved to California after leaving school and learned to play the harmonica. His brother, living in Austin, Texas, thought Todd might find a job in a band there so he sent him a plane ticket. After seeing original Texan Outlaw Jerry Jeff Walker play in a local bar, Snider decided that was what he wanted to do with his life.

Championed by singer-songwriters Jimmy Buffett and John Prine Snider has recorded on both their labels during a career which has seen him release twelve albums in the past fifteen years. His 2006 album 'The Devil you know' was his most successful album to date and led to appearances on 'The Tonight Show' with Jay Leno and 'Late Night with David Letterman' . His latest album 'The Excitement plan' takes on themes such as war, unsolved murders and baseball, and includes a duet with country music legend Loretta Lynn.




Tracklist:

Big House — Cold Outside
  Big House, MCA 

Sid King & The Five Strings — Let 'Er Roll
   Rollin' The Rock, El Toro 

Nanci Griffith  - Sing
   The Loving Kind, Rounder 

Patty Griffin -  Little Fire
   Downtown Church, EMI 

Steve Martin - Daddy Played The Banjo
  The Crow, ROUNDER 

Carolina Chocolate Drops -  Your Baby Ain't Sweet Like Mine
  Genuine Negro Jig, Nonesuch 

James Hand - Don't Want Me Too
  Shadow On The Ground, DECCA/ROUNDER
 
Marty Robbins - El Paso
  Columbia Country Classics Vol. 3, Columbia 

Todd Snider :
             Slim Chance
             Unorganised Crime
             Don't Tempt Me
   The Excitement Plan, Continental Song City 


Willy Clay Band — Stay Down
           Blue, Blackstone Records 



Hope you enjoy 

Please seed! 


Thanks 


