TreatingYourself.com was created in May 2002 to provide medical marijuana users with information to assist them in their responsible use of medical marijuana.

The Treating Yourself Journal was launched in August 2005. It is a journal written by patients for patients, and has grown into a world wide source of information.

TY provides patients and care givers the information on where they can acquire seeds, to different methods of growing medical marijuana for themselves and introducing healthier methods of taking their medicine.

Our website treatingyourself.com is the largest and most compassionate medical marijuana website to date. TY is a predominately “medical marijuana” website whose goal it is to provide the education in the responsible use of marijuana as it applies to medicine, and to consolidate as many “pro marijuana” websites and interest groups with a goal to co-ordinate all of our efforts with regards to the issues of legalization.

Team TY would like to welcome all respectable, responsible marijuana users. We would like to see a concerted effort on behalf of all respectable, responsible marijuana users World Wide, helping in the effort to abolish prohibition as prohibition must be abolished! As individual “interest groups” we are at the mercy and whim of the governing bodies of the world, however if we were to unite and begin to demonstrate to the world that we are responsible and respectable members of society the choice will be clear. Marijuana must be made fully legal to any and all who have obtained the age of majority!

The time has come for our governments and lawmakers World Wide to abolish the immoral prohibition of an innocuous flower! The time has come to realize that we are not “potheads” or “stoners”, far from it! We are tax payers; we go to work every day we are employed in every walk of life. People who use marijuana range from janitors to judges, barbers to doctors… yes even a good number of our police use marijuana!

Yet the facts remain the same… we still face prohibition, we are still unjustly locked up, we can still have our lives ruined! All because the propaganda machine is kept well oiled and fine tuned. It is our duty to throw sand in those gears! It is our duty to dismantle this ponderous loathsome machine! The only way to achieve this is to “walk the walk” and “talk the talk”, we… the marijuana consumers of the world must show the lawmakers that we do NOT cause harm, we are responsible, we are respectable and we are valued, productive members of society!

It is long past due that we remove the stigma that is attached to marijuana, to date there are hundreds of legal marijuana users in Canada who would rather that the “public” not know who they are. Not for fear of being ripped off… no… They would rather remain anonymous because society has allowed the stigmatism of “pothead” and “stoner” to continue. They would rather remain anonymous because they don’t want to be harassed by police for their legal gardens… they don’t want their professional careers to be interfered with. All they really want is to be allowed to live a more pain free productive life! There are literally hundreds of thousands more that use marijuana as a relaxant to help manage stress, stress kills!

Even for the social user marijuana is used at parties and other gatherings, much in the same way that alcohol is used… with far less addicting effects and without the morning after hangover. Marijuana is of course among the most benign of the so called “party drugs”, far greater threats can be found in the form of crack cocaine and crystal meth!

To suggest that the ingesting of a plant such as marijuana should also carry with it the “shame” of a criminal record and the possible destruction of any future career opportunity or even the ability to freely travel about the globe.. Is in fact a “shame” and a “crime” against the responsible and respectable marijuana consumers of the world!

We must legalize marijuana! We must remove the criminal element from marijuana, to do this it must be legal for anyone to grow and use marijuana that is at or above the age of consent! By removing the archaic laws that continue to prohibit the free use of this wondrous herb we would free up multiple billions of dollars currently being eaten up by police agencies around the globe in an effort to stamp out a relatively harmless plant!

By doing so our fine police officers would be able to concentrate on ending the threat of far more dangerous and insidious addictive drugs such as crack cocaine and methamphetamines. There is a better way! The government needs to hear your voices! Send your thoughts to your local MP or Government representative; do not be afraid, only criminals need to be afraid!

You are simply pursuing your rights! The future is in your hands, shape it wisely … someday your health may hang in the balance!

Team TY and all of the members of TreatingYourself.com, wish you good health and good grows.