Rock sensations Good Charlotte are back with their highly anticipated fifth full-length album Cardiology almost exactly 10 years after their self-titled debut put them on the map as one of the most exciting bands of the decade. Originally formed as a pop-punk band in Waldorf, Maryland, in 1996, Good Charlotte—vocalist Joel Madden, guitarist Benji Madden, guitarist Billy Martin, bassist Paul Thomas and the latest edition, drummer Dean Butterworth—have penned countless mainstream radio hits such as “The Anthem,” “Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous” and “Hold On.” However more importantly the band have constantly reinvented themselves and refused to limit their potential, whether that means supporting Justin Timberlake on his FutureSex/LoveShow tour or collaborating with Avenged Sevenfold's M. Shadows and Synyster Gates on their hit single “The River” from Good Charlotte’s 2007 full-length Good Morning Revival. That adventurous musical persona continues with Cardiology, an album that features everything from the dance floor-friendly first single “Like It’s Her Birthday” to future GC anthems such as “Silver Screen Romance,” while still effortlessly retaining the band’s signature sound in the process. While in some ways Cardiology is a return to form for these multiple Warped Tour headliners, it also manages to work in elements from throughout the band's classic catalog to create an album that simultaneously summarizes what Good Charlotte are all about and hints at where they are headed in the future. While musical trends can be fleeting, Good Charlotte have always proved themselves to be a constant in the music world by sticking to their punk roots without being afraid to expand their horizons and bring in new influences—and Cardiology is just the latest chapter in the band's already unparalleled career. We can’t wait to see what the second decade holds in store with Good Charlotte and share Cardiology with the band’s myriad fans and supporters who have been clamoring for this record. 


Track List:
1. Introduction To Cardiology
2. Let The Music Play
3. Counting The Days
4. Silver Screen Romance
5. Like It's Her Birthday
6. Last Night
7. Sex On The Radio
8. Alive
9. Standing Ovation
10. Harlow's Song (Can't Dream Without You)
11. Interlude: The Fifth Chamber
12. 1979
13. There She Goes
14. Right Where I Belong
15. Cardiology


ENJOY!