Authoring Reborn.
Your All-In-One Media Authoring Solution.
Whether you’re young or old, beginner or professional, TMPGEnc Authoring Works 4 is the easy way to author your own DVDs, Blu-ray Discs, and DivX® ULTRA video. Import most video formats, edit out commercials or unwanted scenes, add spectacular transition effects, make your own subtitles, create professional-looking menus, and much, much more.
Input MPEG-1/2, AVI, WMV, QuickTime, DivX, MPEG-4/H.264, AVCHD, DV/HDV, WTV, DVD-VR, DVR-MS video files and author to DVD-Video, Blu-ray (BDMV), and DivX Ultra formats.
Camcorder AVCHD/HDV/DV video input support.
Creates high quality DivX video.
Edit out unwanted scenes or commercials.
Create interactive menus from templates or make your own custom menus.
Add or edit subtitles.
Make your own slideshow DVDs and Blu-ray Discs in standard or high definition.
Apply audio filters such as gap correction, noise reduction, and fade-in/out.
5.1 Dolby Digital Surround sound input/output.
Author your favorite AVCHD, HDV and DV camcorder footage to the high-capacity Blu-ray Disc format.

Create HD menus complete with pop-up menus that you can access during playback.

Or how about making your own HD slideshows? It's all possible with Blu-ray Disc.

A New Generation
of Key Features.
TMPGEnc Authoring Works 4 takes authoring to the next level with the key features you've always wanted. For instance, the new slideshow editor lets you adjust the timing for each picture and add transition and zoom effects.
NEW! WTV Input Support
Create a DVD or Blu-ray from your latest Media Center recordings.
So you've upgraded to Windows 7, you're recording shows with Windows Media Center, and you find out the .dvr-ms format is history! No worries! TMPGEnc Authoring Works 4 can now import your .wtv files* so you can edit-out those pesky commercials, create a custom menu, then output and burn as DivX Ultra, DVD, or Blu-ray Disc!

What is the .wtv format? The .wtv file format is a new container format for video recorded with Windows Media Center. If you have Windows 7, or Windows Vista with Media Center TV Pack 2008, your Media Center recorded video will be in this format.


AAC 5.1 Channel Audio Support!
Surround sound for your MPEG-2 TS files.
Now when you import your MPEG-2 TS files that have AAC audio, you can import up to 5.1 channels of surround sound! A new option in the Clip Audio properties allows you to manually specify the number of audio channels when importing AAC audio.
 Join the HD Revolution.
Author your own HD Blu-ray Discs.
Blu-ray Disc* writing is now fully supported so you don't have to worry about disc capacity with up to 50GB of storage space per Blu-ray Disc (25GB for single layer, 50GB for dual layer). This is especially important if you've got HD footage from your AVCHD or HDV camcorder. Add in support for high quality 5.1 Dolby Digital surround sound or linear PCM audio (up to 192kHz / 24bit) for the best audio and video experience.
*Outputs in the BDMV format, MPEG-2 video encoding.
Import AVCHD files.
Keep your memories in high definition.
Your AVCHD camcorder records in high definition. Why not keep your memories in high definition by authoring to Blu-ray Disc? TMPGEnc Authoring Works 4 allows you to import your AVCHD files and keep them in HD
