Chicas Muy Malas 

aka: "The Naughty Co-Ed Caper"




screens CD1 + CD2 (+ DVD-covers): 
http://www.cbuz.com/4aeccb




"The Naughty Co-Ed Caper" spotlights Bree Olson and pal Kylee Reese, as they try to find a way to pay for college. Getting their sweet little pussies fucked isn't going to be enough to get them out of their tuition debt. So, we get to watch this wonderful adventure with quite the impressive transfer. 


Actresses

    * Bree Olson           [Anal Facial]
    * Kylee Reese          [Facial]
    * Memphis Monroe
    * Shy Love
    * Tristan Kingsley

   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Bree Olson, Dane Cross, Kylee Reese
    * Scene 2. Jack Venice, Shy Love
    * Scene 3. Reno, Tristan Kingsley
    * Scene 4. John West, Memphis Monroe
    * Scene 5. Bree Olson, Kylee Reese, Reno


Studio:      Adam & Eve
Released:    2008
Resolution:  576 X 320 
Format:      Xvid
Language:    Spanish


REVIEW:

SCENE 1

The first scene introduces Bree and Kylee's situation. They don't seem too bothered, as they're busy eating each other out. Eventually, Dane Cross shows up to get his dick wet. Dane lacks the charm of a Peter North, but he's coming up in the porn world. I like his style and he's got a certain power about him.


When the fucking starts, it's hot and Bree delivers. This girl is the new Jenna in terms of performance. She's got the face, the tits and the star power to carry anything. Even, if it's a tired crime film.
 


SCENE 2

The second scene begins with Bree and Kylee playing poker to raise their funds. But, the action quickly pushes over to Shy Love and Jack Venice. Jack catches Shy messing around with some cash, so he fucks her. There's the basic positioning. After all, there's only so many ways you flip a pussy.

But, Jack comes at it so hot and heavy. I feel kind of bad for Shy, as she's getting stretched out to nearly breaking. Still, the scene's hot and it works for what it is. The scene peaks with the sweetass Cowgirl styling fucking, but that gets ruined by the lack of tempo. Otherwise, it's a solid scene.

 

SCENE 3

Bree and Kylee rob the poker club and they fuck over their gal pal Tristan. She falls victim to rogue Reno and he decides to tap that ass. It's a slow scene that nearly makes me lose my focus, but it works for what the film has become. Reno's got a unique style for a male performer and it's one that I like to see onscreen. He's focused and he knows what it takes to make that pussy work. Quite incredible.


 

SCENE 4

The mob is on Kylee and Bree's tight little asses. They've got nowhere left to go, so we cut to a scene of Memphis Moore getting fucked. Memphis isn't one of those chicks that has done a lot to impress me. She gets up there and she shows off the goods. It's just that there is no passion in her performance. Truly fucks with my porn flow.




SCENE 5

Bree and Kylee are back at it again when they join forces with John West. They use him to steal some gold to pay back the mob, but John wants something special. Kylee rides John's cock, while Bree sits on his face. It's a sweet scene that delivers on the promise of the opening bit. It's a fun way to end the film that ventured into a bizarre realm of pseudo-parody.

But, there were Bree Olson's tits. Those sweet mammaries of the Gods make everything better. Hell, I know several readers that are going to pick up this title just to complete the Mammaries.


Final Thoughts:

"The Naughty Co-Ed Caper" is another high-grade production starring the darling of the Adam & Eve films. It's just that it loses its focus a lot during the film. Even with that lack of focus, you still get the sweetest girls in the business looking great on camera. What's even more surprising is the amount of male performers actually holding their own in these scenes. That's something you don't see everyday.



3,000+ torrents: 
(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens





