Season 6, Episode 13: Sight Unseen

SG-1 brings back an Ancient device, the purpose of which is unknown. When Jonas 

touched it the device activated. Upon reaching the SGC Jonas sees a large red 

insect fly into a wall, but no one else can confirm his sighting. The SGC is put 

into lockdown, but nothing is found. Jonas suspects that the Ancient device is 

causing his hallucinations, but to his dismay it is set to be shipped to Area 51. 

When Teal'c and Jack see the bugs as well, General Hammond decides to let Jonas 

take a crack at deciphering the Ancient text on the device.
	
Season 6, Episode 14: Smoke & Mirrors

Senator Kinsey is shot in the chest at a public event, killing him just before his 

party's presidential nomination. Jack is arrested for the murder, and General 

Hammond assigns the rest of SG-1 to uncover the truth.
	
Season 6, Episode 15: Paradise Lost

Former Colonel Harry Maybourne comes to Jack with a proposition: Jack gets him a 

presidential pardon and Harry shows them the advanced weapons cache that Simmons 

was trying to get to. They go through with the deal, but Harry attempts to double 

cross SG-1. He manages to get through the portal leading to the cache, but with 

one unexpected item, Jack. They find themselves in a field and Harry's zat is 

missing. Jack, however, still has his P-90. Harry reveals that they are not at a 

weapons cache, but rather a utopia. He meant to live out the rest of his life 

there and believes that there is no way back.
	
Season 6, Episode 16: Metamorphosis

The Russian SG team brings back a man who claims that his people are being 

experimented on by Nirrti. SG-1 investigate where the experiments are conducted, 

with the Russian SG team as backup. The inhabitants worship Nirrti as their god 

and savior from a terrible plague. SG-1 attempts to use the same device Nirrti 

used on the people to reverse the mutations, but the people turn on them at the 

arrival of Nirrti.