This book presents a nice synopsis of the Legion's history. While a bit short on the Legion's history for the first 100 years, the book provides more details on recent events. Readers may find that this work glosses over the great events of the Legion's early history like Camerone, and the battles in the Crimea and Italy, but the reader will find these aspects covered in other books on this subject. The monumental history by Douglas Porch tended to gloss over these topics as well, and was short on current history.

Parker's book takes the Legion from the fall of Algeria up to the present. Forced to become France's emergency intervention force in many of its former colonies, the Legion proves its adaptability and versatile nature. The no-nonsense manner of the Legion often does not endear it to many, but in places like Beruit it was the US Marines who got truck bombed, not the Legion! The combat experience of the Legion proves itself again and again. In the Gulf War the Legion was conducting combat patrols into Iraq long before the highly publisized American in-roads were made. Parker's book makes for fine reading and moves at a fast pace. Unlike Porch who allows himself to get bogged down with endless digressions about Legion morale, desertion etc., this book really lets you know what it's like to be a recruit in the Legion. You get eyewhitness accounts of in your face drill sargeants hammering away at new comers. The many first-hand accounts of recent veterans adds color and interest to the narrative. Parker writes in a lively style, but he does not get carried away as Hugh McLeave does in his earlier book on the Legion. The main strength of this book is on the more recent history of the Legion. Those wanting a more romantized account should turn to Hugh McLeave's "The Damned Die Hard" or Douglas Porch's "Complete History of the French Foreign Legion" if they seek an academic work. Either way, Parker's book should prove useful to augment both works and serves as an addenda for them. Legion fans should grab it! 