Welcome to your digital life. Nero 8 Ultra Edition, the newest version of the world's best-selling multimedia suite, brings the digital world to your PC. Now it's easy to organize and manage all your multimedia files, as well as create and edit new digital content. Nero's sleek design and user-friendly tools make completing projects fun and enjoyable.

View the Nero 8 Ultra Edition Video Tour.


StartSmart lets you directly access features and perform one-click functions.


Give your pictures a touch-up with tools that let you make improvements, add visual effects, and much more.

The Ultimate Solution for your Digital Life
Nero StartSmart makes creating projects fun and simple
Nero StartSmart, the project launcher for Nero 8 Ultra Edition, lets you directly access features and perform one-click functions. The intuitive interface makes creating and managing digital projects easy and enjoyable. Optimized for use with Windows Vista, Nero StartSmart even has an integrated newsfeed system.

Nero 8 Ultra Edition is the solution for your multimedia projects
Nero 8 Ultra Edition has the tools to help you handle all your multimedia projects. Whether you plan to create a music mix with MP3 files, edit vacation videos, touch up digital photos, make a slide show, or convert content to play on a mobile device, your results will be professional and dynamic.

Nero 8 Ultra Edition takes home entertainment around the house
Organize and manage all your multimedia files with Nero's home media center. Nero 8 Ultra Edition lets you use your Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 to stream High Definition video content and surround sound audio files to enjoy in the comfort of any room in your house.

Nero 8 Ultra Edition offers increased data security
No more worries over losing data! Nero 8 Ultra Edition has back up features that let you rest easy knowing your data is safe in case of a complete system crash or a damaged disc. Recover your data quickly and easily and create discs that are password protected. SecurDisc technology gives you peace of mind.

Create and Edit
Video
Your last vacation, your brother's wedding, your daughter's graduation--do you record every memorable moment on video? Now get more from your camcorder recordings. With Nero 8 Ultra Edition you can easily edit High Definition content in AVCHD format with professional results. Insert chapters and menus, and even enhance videos and slide shows with background music. Enjoy your favorite TV shows without interruption simply by editing out the commercial breaks.

Audio
Are you a music lover and want to keep your favorite songs close at hand? Convert your music collection to MP3 format and experience listening pleasure at home and on the go. Impress your friends at your next party by mixing and editing your favorite songs with professional effects and tools. With Nero 8 Ultra Edition, you get crystal-clear audio for your video files and up to 7.1 surround sound.

Photo
Do you have hundreds or even thousands of digital photos saved on your hard drive? Give your pictures a touch-up with tools that let you make improvements, add visual effects, and much more. Surprise your kids by presenting a family slide show on your television set! No more searching through tons of files for the images you want. With Nero 8 Ultra Edition, it's easy to organize your photos!

Convert and Share
High Definition
Do you have High Definition video content but no blue laser burner? Convert HD content easily into AVCHD format, and compress content without losing quality. Your HD content can then be burned to a normal DVD and played on a Blu-ray Disc player or PlayStation 3 for the ultimate blue laser experience.

Video Conversion
Want to bring your video content along with you? With Nero 8 Ultra Edition, you can simply convert DVD content to play back on an iPod or PSP. Use the world's fastest MPEG-4 encoder to compress DVD content while maintaining optimal quality, then burn to a CD or save to a USB stick, Flash memory, or an SD card.

Music
Nero 8 Ultra Edition offers unlimited MP3 support. Convert your audio files to MP3, the world's most popular audio format, and enjoy your favorite songs at home or on the go.

Internet
Share the latest news of your life with friends right over the Internet! Post your best videos and photos with easy upload to online communities like My Nero,and MySpace

With Nero 8 Ultra Edition you can easily edit High Definition content in AVCHD format with professional results.


Plan automatic backups to regularly secure your data and receive e-mails confirming your backup.


Home Entertainment
Media Center
Turn your living room into a real media center and experience home entertainment like never before! Stream live TV to an Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3. Connect your game consoles to a TV and enjoy your favorite shows in any room in the house!

Television
Don't miss another episode of your favorite series! Use your PC to record all your favorite shows. The EPG support in Nero 8 Ultra Edition makes selecting and recording broadcasts easy! Even if the phone rings while you're watching TV, with the Time Shift feature you can take your phone call, and then resume watching your show exactly where you left off!

Music Streaming
No more wasted time changing CDs at your next party. With Nero 8 Ultra Edition, you can create playlists and stream music from your PC to your stereo for uninterrupted tunes all night long!

Rip and Burn
Rip and Burn
Born2Burn? Rip audio CDs and non-copy-protected DVDs quickly and easily with the world's leading burning engine. Burn audio files or data to CD, DVD, Blu-ray Disc, or HD DVD. Want to burn movies to DVD? With DVD-R Dual Layer and DVD+R Double Layer support, you'll get more data on a disc than ever before!

Nero DiscCopy Gadget
The Nero DiscCopy Gadget is optimized for use with Windows Vista and lets you copy a disc with just one click from the Vista Sidebar!

SecurDisc Technology
With Nero 8 Ultra Edition and a SecurDisc-compatible drive, you can burn CDs and DVDs with password protection against unauthorized access, or add a digital signature to ensure that your sensitive data remains unchanged. SecurDisc increases the readability of data even on damaged discs, and also lets you know when a disc is nearing decay, so you have time to save the data to another disc. The SecurDisc Copy Protection feature prevents unauthorized duplication of confidential PDF documents.

Back Up
Data Protection
No more worries over lost data! With SecurDisc technology, you can back up files, drives, and entire systems to internal or external hard drives. For maximum protection, create a bootable CD to recover an entire system after a crash. Need to access your data even when you're on a business trip? Create backups over the Internet to an FTP server and access important data from anywhere you go! Plan automatic backups to regularly secure your data and receive e-mails confirming your backup.

SecurDisc
With the SecurDisc technology within Nero 8 Ultra Edition, you can ensure increased readability of your data even on a damaged disc. In addition, the early warning system in SecurDisc examines CDs and DVDs to determine if an aging disc is in danger of decay, so you have time to back up the data on another disc.