Internetworking Technologies Handbook By Cisco Systems 
Publisher: Cisco Press; 4 edition 2003 | 1321 Pages | ISBN: 1587051192 | File type: PDF | 14 mb


An essential reference for every network professional
Learn a wide variety of internetworking basics, including LAN protocols, WAN technologies, bridging and switching, routing, and network management
Discover how specific networking technologies fit into the network
Explore the latest information from Cisco on storage, security, scalability, speed, and optical networks
Get in-depth information on internetworking technologies with entire parts devoted to LAN protocols, WAN technologies, multiservice access technologies, bridging and switching, network protocols, routing protocols, Internet access technologies, and network management
Internetworking Technologies Handbook, Fourth Edition is a comprehensive reference that helps networking professionals understand and implement contemporary internetworking technologies. Master terms, concepts, technologies, and devices used in today's networking industry, and learn how to incorporate internetworking technologies into a LAN/WAN environment with this definitive reference. This edition features brand-new chapters on storage networking, VoIP, DPT/SRT, EAP, Cisco IOS®, and optical networking, as well as updated content on a number of important topics.
After reading this book, you will possess a greater understanding of local- and wide-area networking and the hardware, protocols, and services that drive networks. Internetworking Technologies Handbook, Fourth Edition, includes fundamental technology information and progresses to more detailed descriptions and discussions of internetworking and telecommunications technologies and concepts. Internetworking Technologies Handbook, Fourth Edition, provides system optimization techniques that will strengthen results, increase productivity, and improve efficiency. It is comprehensive in scope, including information about mature technologies as well as emerging technologies. 
The fourth edition of this best-selling title represents a collaborative effort by numerous networking and documentation experts. With more than 125,000 copies in print, Internetworking Technologies Handbook remains an essential reference for every network professional.
This book is part of the Networking Technology Series from Cisco Press, which offers networking professionals valuable information for constructing efficient networks, understanding new technologies, and building successful careers.