Encyclopedia of Language and Education -(10 volume set), 2nd Edition

Edited by Kendall A. King; Nancy H. Hornberger

Springer | 2007-12-07 | ISBN: 0387328750 | 4176 pages | PDF | 18,3 MB




In 1997, the Encyclopedia of Language and Education was published as an award-winning collection of eight volumes, under the general editorship of David Corson. This reference set signaled the maturity of language and education as an international and interdisciplinary field of significance and cohesion. 

Now in a second, fully revised edition, this 10 volume set of the Encyclopedia of Language and Education brings forth the newest developments in the field, including two new volumes of research and scholarly content essential to the field of language teaching and learning in the age of globalization. The publication of this work charts the deepening and broadening of the field of language and education since the publication of the first Encyclopedia

In the selection of topics and contributors, the Encyclopedia reflects the depth of disciplinary knowledge, breadth of interdisciplinary perspective, and diversity of sociogeographic experience in our field. Volumes on language socialization and language ecology have been added, reflecting these growing emphases in language education theory, research and practice, alongside the enduring emphases on language policy, literacies, discourse, language acquisition, bilingual education, knowledge about language, language testing, and research methods. 

Throughout all the volumes, there is a greater inclusion of scholarly contributions from non-English speaking and non-western parts of the world, providing truly global coverage of the issues in the field. Furthermore, we have sought to integrate these voices more fully into the whole, rather than as special cases or international perspectives in separate sections.

The Encyclopedia is a necessary reference set for every university and college library in the world that serves a faculty or school of education. The Encyclopedia aims to speak to a prospective readership that is multinational, and to do so as unambiguously as possible. Because each book-size volume deals with a discrete and important subject in language and education, these state-of-the-art volumes also offer highly authoritative course textbooks in the areas suggested by their titles.

The more than 250 scholars contributing to the Encyclopedia hail from all continents of our globe and from 41 countries; they represent a great diversity of linguistic, cultural, and disciplinary traditions. For all that, what is most impressive about the contributions gathered here is the unity of purpose and outlook they express with regard to the central role of language as both vehicle and mediator of educational processes and to the need for continued and deepening research into the limits and possibilities that implies.



Volume 1: Language Policy and Political Issues in Education
Stephen May and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 2: Literacy
Brian Street and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 3: Discourse and Education
Marilyn Martin-Jones, Anne-Marie de Mejia, and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 4: Second and Foreign Language Education
Nelleke Van Deusen-Scholl and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 5: Bilingual Education
Jim Cummins and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 6: Knowledge About Language
Jasone Cenoz and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 7: Language Testing and Assessment
Elana Shohamy and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 8: Language Socialization
Patricia Duff and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 9: Ecology of Language
Angela Creese, Peter Martin, and Nancy H. Hornberger

Volume 10: Research Methods in Language and Education
Kendall A. King and Nancy H. Hornberger