Was Tun, Wenn's Brennt (aka What To Do In Case Of Fire) (Schnitzler, 2001)-aNaRCHo

            (FILM IS IN GERMAN, ENGLISH AND FRENCH SUBTITLES INCLUDED)


"When a twenty-year-old bomb explodes in an abandoned mansion in modern-day Berlin, the evidence points to a notrious late 1980's anarchist group. As the police start to look for them, the six rebels reunite for the first time in 12 years to come up with a plan to protect themselves. But sparks fly when the group must reconcile their youthful ideals with their new lives and pick up the pieces of the relationships they left behind."



"In 1987, a collective of anarchists are squatting in an abandoned building in Kreuzberg and making propaganda films. In one of these films, they demonstrate how to make a homemade bomb out of a pressure cooker and chemicals available over the counter, and they plant the bomb in a vacant villa in Grunewald. However, the timer sticks, and the bomb does not go off until 12 years later, when it is jostled by a real estate broker and a potential buyer. They are injured in the blast, and the police are under pressure to hunt down the "terrorists.



Two of the original anarchists, Tim (Schweiger) and Hotte (Martin Feifel), still live in the original building and engage in anti-police graffiti, anti-gentrification protests and petty theft. The current owner of the building, a nouveau riche Turk named Bülent, cannot evict them, because Hotte is disabled, having lost his legs. (It is later revealed that they were crushed by a water cannon during a riot.)



While Tim is out, the police raid the building in a sweep for clues to the bombing and confiscate their cache of old films, including the incriminating bomb-making film. They cart the films off to the fortresslike police headquarters, a former Prussian military barracks.



One by one, Tim and Hotte visit the former members of their group to warn them of the bust. They are distressed by the news, having gone on with their lives: Nele (Nadja Uhl) is a single mother of two young children; "Terror" (Matthias Matschke) is an attorney; Maik (Sebastian Blomberg) runs an advertising agency that exploits radical imagery; and Flo (Doris Schretzmayer), Tim's former lover, has evidently gone bourgeoise- although her circumstances are never fully explained- and is about to get married. They balk when Tim and Hotte propose breaking into the police headquarters and destroying the evidence, but Terror's counter-suggestion that they should turn themselves in is met with even stronger disagreement, and finally the former radicals devise the plan of infiltrating the headquarters by pretending to be a television news crew."



PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY!!