EDITED: You can download the new version from here: http://torrents.thepiratebay.org/5251918/VanDyke_SecureCRT_6.5_Portable.rar.5251918.TPB.torrent


VanDyke SecureCRT v6.2.3 Portable. No installation needed, no administrative rights needed, just copy the EXE file in any folder and use it.

Note: This software has been portabilized with VmWare ThinApp, wich NOT work with Windows 7 BETA.

SecureCRT combines rock-solid terminal emulation with the strong encryption, data integrity, and authentication options of the Secure Shell protocol. SecureCRT provides secure remote access, file transfer, and data tunneling for everyone in your organization.

Whether you are looking for a Telnet replacement with solid security and session management or a more refined and capable remote access tool to help raise your productivity to the nth degree, SecureCRT is an application you can live in all day long.

Key Benefits

Securely access business applications on UNIX, Linux, or VMS from Windows PCs — employ the rich emulation support for VT100/102/220, ANSI, SCO ANSI, Wyse 50/60, Xterm, and Linux console.

Configure, manage and customize 5 to 5,000 sessions with full control over scrollback, key mappings, colors, fonts, and more.

Access your full array of network devices from one client with SSH2, SSH1, Telnet, Telnet/SSL, Serial, and other protocols.

Leverage the high-productivity UI with time-saving capabilities including multi-session launch, tabbed sessions, cloned sessions, a button bar for repeated commands, and mapped keys.

Depend on the open standard Secure Shell protocol for encrypted logon and session data, flexible authentication options, and optional FIPS 140-2 -approved ciphers.

Automate repetitive tasks in SecureCRT by running scripts using VBScript, JScript, or PerlScript. The Script Recorder builds your keystrokes into a VBScript.

Transfer files between network devices with SFTP or Xmodem, Ymodem, and Zmodem protocols.

Save steps with the close integration of SecureCRT and the SecureFX file transfer client, which share sessions and settings that let you run SFTP, FTP, and FTP/SSL file transfer sessions without reentering passwords.
