TAILDRAGGER & HIS CHICAGO BLUES BAND 
CRAWLIN KINGSNAKE
Audio CD June 11, 1996 
Label: St. George Records
Format:Mp3@320


Tail Dragger is a true, dramatic showman who possesses one of the most authentic and distinct Chicago Blues voices anyone will ever hear. While he's influenced vocally by Sonny Boy Williamson, Muddy, Jimmy Reed, and most directly by Howlin Wolf, much of his material is refreshingly original. Refusing to let anyone in the audience miss his point, he sets up his songs with real-life anecdotes, often hilarious, before illustrating his point with a song. When he sings, he can be tragic or humorous, but you can't ignore him as he transports audiences to the cotton fields of his youth and the rough Chicago ghetto clubs he still performs in today. Born in Altheimer, Arkansas in 1940, Tail Dragger came to Chicago in the mid-sixties where he supported himself as a mechanic and fell under the spell of all the great blues artists but most particularly, Howlin Wolf. The Wolf let him sit in, taught him how to sing in time with the rhythm, and gave him the name Tail Dragger because he would come in late. He had been called "Crawlin‚ James" as, ever the extravagant showman, he would crawl on the floor like the Wolf did. By the early seventies, Tail Dragger was performing under his own name six nights a week on the West Side of Chicago, and would feature blues heavyweights in his band such as Eddie Taylor, Hubert Sumlin, Johnny Littlejohn, Carey Bell, and Big Leon Brooks. The shows were for small, local black audiences and didn't make much money, but his charismatic stage presence along with his stubbornly traditional brand of blues (squarely against the dominant r & b sounds of the day) brought him overseas recognition. By the early to mid eighties he was traveling to Europe often to be featured with Vienna's Mojo Blues Band. He also recorded a single for Jimmy Dawkins' Leric Music label and was featured on "Chicago Blues Party," released on Austria's Wolf records. In 1996, Tail Dragger recorded his first full length CD under his own name, "Crawlin Kingsnake" for St. George records. 



Tracklist
1. Don't Trust No Woman 6:31
2. Country Boy 5:40
3. Be Prepared 5:30
4. I'm In The Mood 4:19
5. Do The Do 4:25
6. Cold Outdoors 5:58
7. Crawlin' Kingsnake 4:45
8. Monkey Blues 3:16
9. Baby Please Don't Go 3:27
10. Stop Lyin' 3:12
11. Prison Blues 6:02
12. Root Doctor 7:03

Tail Dragger:vcl, 
Rockin' Johnny Burgin:gtr, 
Studebaker John:hca, 
Sho Komiya:el.bs, 
Danijela Simon:string bs, 
Twist Turner:dms) 





