POTHS

Ephesians 5:11 KJV 11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.



POTHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POTHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POTHS Everywhere -- POTHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POTHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POTHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POTHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POTHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POTHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POTHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POTHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypucritical Scoundrels -- POTHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures 

Thank you for the POTHS suggestions. Type POTHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at

The Truth Will set you free, however It may cause you to get real pissed off and kick the couch or the cat.

Elite Illuminati Oilman spills guts in his old age. 

For some years now, I have been saying that the “money changers” and “banksters” in London and New York are setting us up.  They’re playing a money game in which all of the marbles are on the table.  It seems that this game is now in the bottom of the Ninth inning. Tonight I listened to the Reverend Lindsey Williams on American Voice Radio, hosted by Ms. Gianni Hayes.  Some people will recognize his name, some won’t.  I am not going to go into a lengthy bio.  You will have to do that research yourself, assuming you even have an interest.  I will only mention that he is the man who, because of his contacts in the oil industry, correctly predicted that the world price for oil would fall from roughly $140.00 per barrel to less than $50.00 per barrel.    He claims to be well connected to what he calls “the power elite,” and I firmly believe that he is telling the truth.  But, what he calls the power elite is just one level of corporate America.  He interacted with the high paid servants of the oil industry.  That would be the executives of ARCO and other big oil companies when he served as chaplain for the Alaska pipeline.  He knows and admits that the “real power” is much further up the food chain.  Bottom line?  Personally, as far as I am concerned,  Reverend Williams character and credibility are unimpeachable.  I think it is very important to pay attention to what he has to say.

So why are we now spending more money in Afghanistan NOW than we did for Iraq? THIS IS INSANITY.

I am using a SEED BOX that uploads at rates of up to 2mb/s per leecher. The Seed Box can be identified by this IP address perf029c.xirvik.net. If you hook up with this server open up your client for maximum download speed. Be patient, it takes a awhile to hook up to it and build up speed. Not all leechers hook up and get high download speeds, so it is important to seed long.  

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below  
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
 
Seed long and Prosper.  

Ephesians 5:11 KJV 11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




   
