IMDB Rating: 8.0/10   719 votes

Director: Brett Simon

High School. Four of the most important years of your life. But it isn't always dances and keg parties and sucking face in your parents' mini-van. Sometimes it's ugly and hard and complicated. As complicated as a conspiracy to overthrow the president

Theres something rotten at St. Donovans High and sophomore newspaper reporter Bobby Funke (Reece Thompson) is on it like pink rubber bands on your little sisters braces. When senior hottie Francesca Facchini (Mischa Barton) solicits Funkes help tracking down a set of stolen SATs, Funke uncovers a story dirtier than the lunch ladys moustache. After he fingers the school president (figuratively) for the crime, Funke becomes one of the most popular kids at St. Donovan's High. No longer known simply as the freshman who was once tied to a giant snowman penis, Funke wins the respect of everyone from the Desert-Storm-hero-turned-educator Principal Kirkpatrick (Bruce Willis) to the kid that farts on him in Spanish class. When Francesca takes Funke to homecoming, even the in-school suspension delinquents turn nice and offer guidance on how to keep his boner in check during slow dances.

But high schools not always what it seems. As Funkes popularity grows so do his suspicions. Did the president really steal the SATs? Or is Funke just a pawn in a conspiracy as complicated as adolescence itself? Determined to find the truth, Funke digs deeper and unearths the sordid underbelly of St. Donovans. Student council members, college bookies, public school brats, everyone seems to play a part. Armed only with a learners permit and the spirit of Woodward and Bernstein, Funke must crack the case before it cracks him. 


Review

I saw this film at Sundance at the Salt Lake screening. I have to say I was really surprised by how much I liked it. This is NOT your typical high school movie. It's the antidote to say movies like High School Musical. I'd call it Rushmore meets the Usual Suspects or John Hughes on acid or something. The characters were great, Bruce Willis was excellent and most of all it was absolutely, laugh out loud hilarious. I can't believe this film hasn't come out yet. I'm really looking forward to seeing it again. I get the feeling it could go on to become one of those Lebowski type comedies. There was so much stuff packed in there that it should get better every time you see it. 