Solomon Burke Live at North Sea Jazz Festival - 2003 [dvd-rip]
DVD-rip | AVI/XVID, 2612Kbps, 720 x 540 | Mp3, 320 kbps | 1.58 Gb | Covers | Genre: R&B/Soul/Gospel


Quote:“This may have been billed as a Jazz festival, but the dish served up by Solomon is one of pure Soul. The concert footage was taken in 2003 which has both its advantages and its drawbacks. On the positive side it means that we are treated to numbers from his excellent "Don't Give Up On Me" album which was released last year, on the negative side it means we are not seeing Solomon at his youthful best. Always a big man, Solomon looks portlier and less mobile than ever, and needed some help to reach his 'throne' on stage. The "King of Rock and Soul" delivers the bulk of the concert from this sitting position, so anybody expecting slick choreography would be sorely disappointed. The man can barely walk let alone dance. Despite a rather splendid red costume on his main trumpeter along with some energetic instrumental solos Solomon's immobility means the show is visually weak. Thankfully, as the rest of his body capitulates to the ravages of time Solomon's vocal chords sound still as fresh as they would have done twenty years ago and his delivery is nothing short of excellent. ”


Track List:

01. the greeting song
02. down in the valley
03. diamond in your mind
04. medley:
a)if you need me
b)tonight's the night
c)i almost lost my mind
d)he'll have to go
e)got to get you off my mind
f)having a party
g)amen
05. soul searching
06. georgia on my mind
07. a change is gonna come
08. medley:
a)sitting on the dock of the bay
b)spanish harlem
c)fa fa fa fa fa (sad song)
d)stand by me
09. i wish i knew how it feels to be free
10. proud mary
11. don't give up on me
12. mona lisa
13. i will survive
14. medley:
a)long tall sally
b)lucille
c)tutti frutti
15. may the good lord bless and keep you (the blessing song)
16. everybody needs somebody to love

Additional Release Material: none of us are free (feat. Blind Boys of Alabama)