Starring: Kristina Rose, Aubrey Addams, Aline, Angelina Crow, Simony Diamond, Mike Angelo, Alysa, Jeny Baby, Nikky Thorn, C.J., Lou Charmelle, Amanda Black, Lili Tiger, Mark Ashley.

Director Jay Sin serves up Anal Buffet 3, his latest smorgasbord of gorgeous asses reverently photographed, with energetic butt-fucking, lewd ass-gaping, formidable toys, face-sitting and rim-jobs galore. Each of five scenes (and an additional bonus scene) features two hot-assed, butt-lusting girls.

In a picturesque tease sequence, voluptuous Aline and delicious Kristina Rose wear latex chaps to show off their perfect rear assets. Nasty-talking Aline guides Mark Ashley's big hose up Kristina's bunghole, then orders the submissive Ms. Rose to, "Taste your fuckin' ass," so Kristina sucks her anal residue from Mark's cock. Aline tastes it too, and takes a heavy-duty rump-reaming of her own, resulting in a wide gape.

Nikky Thorn is cute and girly in pig-tails; Aubrey Addams is adorable in a pink fairy outfit. Aubrey considers Nikky a plaything, but she wants Nikky to enjoy her very favorite toy: Mark Ashley's dong. He trade-fucks both girls' buttholes side-by-side. Nikky sucks cock ass-to-mouth - from her own ass and Aubrey's, and she tongues Aubrey's gaping butthole. Watch out for Nikky's quiffing!

Blue-eyed, longhaired brunette beauty Alysa shares a girl-girl session with fair-skinned Jeny Baby. They bury their tongues and lots of big toys in each other's hugely gaping butthole; Jeny's winks and emits spit bubbles! At the end they share ass-flavored kisses.

C.J. and Angelina Crow are European girls with attitude - they hate school, they like cigarettes and they love anal sex. Shaved bald, C.J. looks striking as she spreads, worships, slaps and licks Angelina's ass. Mike Angelo enters to pork their butts side-by-side; Angelina humps back at him, and C.J. tastes Angelina's ass on his prick. Angelina tongues C.J.'s big gape.

Lili Tiger and Amanda Black could be sisters; they both sport shiny, black hair and big, comely asses. Those butts are shown off as they suck Mike Angelo's dick. He repeatedly manipulates Amanda's cunt to female ejaculations like ocean waves - Lili sucks the cunt juice from his drenched hand, then takes a girl gusher in the face. Lili deep-throats Mike as he forcefully smacks her head. Both girls get their asses deeply reamed, and they love sucking dick pulled fresh from their gaping rectums.

Cover: 
http://image.bayimg.com/landiaacl.jpg

Screens: 
http://image.bayimg.com/landjaacl.jpg