Arab Human Development Reports (AHDRs) engage institutions and citizens in the Arab countries in global concerns so as to build understanding and consensus around regional and national development priorities. They also identify disadvantaged groups of population and regions and suggest policies, strategies and opportunities for investment to benefit them. They target Arab decision-makers and opinion leaders in governments and civil societies.

As instruments for measuring human progress and triggering action for change, the AHDRs feed into and draw upon the data and analysis of the global Human Development Reports. Taking the human development approach to the regional level, the AHDRs promote regional partnerships for influencing change and region-specific approaches to human rights, poverty, education, economic reform, HIV/AIDS, and globalization.

Prepared and owned by Arabs as an advocacy tool designed to appeal to a wide audience, they spur public debates and mobilize support for action and change through processes of consultation, research and report writing. They have helped to articulate perceptions and priorities in the region, and have served as a source of alternate policy opinion for development planning across varied themes. 

UNDP Regional Bureau for Arab States is pleased to announce the launch of its Arab Regional Report, "Challenges to Human Security in the Arab Countries"  
 
http://www.undp.org/

from the report...

"the present study takes up that subject as it concerns the Arab countries.1 Its
starting point is that, seven years after the publication of the first Arab Human
Development Report, the region’s fault lines as traced in that analysis may have
deepened.2 The question thus arises: why have obstacles to human development
in the region proved so stubborn?
This new Report proposes that the answers lie in the fragility of the region’s
political, social, economic and environmental structures, in its lack of peoplecentred
development policies and in its vulnerability to outside intervention.
Together, these characteristics undermine human security—the kind of material
and moral foundation that secures lives, livelihoods and an acceptable quality of
life for the majority. Human security is a prerequisite for human development, and
its widespread absence in Arab countries has held back their progress."

