Behold!  I give you Microsoft Office Accounting Professional 2009 UK edition.

Like many of you, I needed to reinstall it only to find that there was no official download anymore, no working torrent and no working downloads apart from one that took me a couple of days to find.

This application is perfect for British SMEs and it is criminal that British business, and by implication, the British economy, are being hampered by its withdrawal, however, this torrent will go some way to restoring the natural order.  I have also included the two service packs, the Office Accounting 2009 Connector and the Office Account Software Development Kit, which may prove useful at some point.

The Office Accounting 2009 Connector allows programs that are built to integrate with Office Accounting 2009 to connect to an instance of Office Accounting 2009 that is installed on a remote computer.  The Office Accounting Software Development Kit shows developers how to use the Office Accounting platform to create custom solutions and to integrate their products with Office Accounting.

Install as follows:

1.	Extract the 7z-file using 7-Zip - Available from www.7-zip.org.

2.	Scan everything for viruses and spyware.  This is something you should do for everything you download from unofficial sources.  I recommend ESET Smart Security – Go to www.eset.co.uk for a free trial.  It is unequivocally the best security you can get.

3.	Within the "Microsoft Office Accounting Professional 2009 – UK" folder you will find another similarly titled folder and within that you will find a file called setup.exe that you should now double-click.

4.	Follow the instructions as given in the installation dialogues of the application.

5.	Within the first "Microsoft Office Accounting Professional 2009 – UK" folder you will find the "Updates and Add-ons" folder.  Open it to find the service packs and install Service Pack 1, then Service Pack 2 (Just double-click the files to install).

6.	While Microsoft are not promoting and distributing Office Accounting Professional 2009 UK edition anymore, they will release critical and security updates as necessary, so run Windows Update to complete the installation.

The aforementioned Connector and Software Development Kit are not necessary, but you may find them useful, so keep them handy.  They also simply install by double-clicking the files.

I will seed this torrent as long and as much as I can, however, if you download it please show your appreciation by similarly seeding it for everyone's benefit.  By doing this you will help keep the British end up.

If you have never downloaded a torrent or do not even know what one is, you need look no further than www.utorrent.com.

M
(Keeping the British end up.)