Runtime: 6 hrs 30 mins

Genre: Television

Synopsis: Contains the original 12 episodes released by Universal Pictures of the sci-fi action serial based on the Alex Raymond comic strip, starring Buster Crabbe as Flash Gordon. Episode titles: "The... Contains the original 12 episodes released by Universal Pictures of the sci-fi action serial based on the Alex Raymond comic strip, starring Buster Crabbe as Flash Gordon. Episode titles: "The Purple Death," "Freezing Torture," "Walking Bombs," "The Destroying Ray," "The Palace Of Terror," "Flaming Death," "The Land Of The Death," "The Fiery Abyss," "The Pool Of Death," "The Death Mist," "Stark Treachery," and "Doom Of The Dictator." [Less]

Starring: Buster Crabbe, Carol Hughes, Beatrice Roberts, Richard Alexander, Montague Shaw, Charles Middleton, Frank Shannon

Director: Ford Beebe, Ray Taylor


Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe is a 1940 twelve episode serial film about Flash Gordon. It was the last of three Flash Gordon serials made from 1936 to 1940. The serial was produced and copyrighted by Universal Pictures.

During the 1950s, the three serials were shown on television. To avoid confusion with a made-for-TV Flash Gordon series airing around the same time, they were retitled, becoming respectively Space Soldiers, Space Soldiers' Trip to Mars, and Space Soldiers Conquer the Universe. King Features Syndicate had acquired the rights for showing and eliminated the original Universal Pictures titles. In the mid-1970s, all three serials were shown by PBS stations across the US, bringing Flash Gordon to a new generation, a full two years before Star Wars and Close Encounters of the Third Kind re-ignited interest in the science fiction genre. The re-edited television version, with the title card reading Flash Gordon - Space Soldiers Conquer the Universe, was used for some video and DVD releases of the serial.
To be notified of more movies like this, please bookmark and subscribe to... 
http://www.themeekgeeksclassicweirdmoviesblog.com/	



