HyperSnap v6.60.01 + Patch

Full version with Patch

HyperSnap is the fastest and easiest way to take screen captures from Windows screen, 
and text capture (TextSnapÖ) from places where normal text copy is not possible. 
HyperSnap combines the power of a first-class screen capture application with an 
advanced image editing utility - wrapped into one easy-to-use tool! 
It's perfect for capturing images that you want to include in your Help system, 
online tutorials, manuals, training handouts, presentations, marketing materials, 
Web pages, emails and more. Use HyperSnap to quickly share a picture-perfect 
representation of anything on your screen. HyperSnap is versatile and extremely easy-to-use. 
You can quickly customize menus and toolbars to fit your needs. 
Assign your own keyboard shortcuts, create instant toolbars, 
and even control HyperSnap with voice commands!
[IMG]http://i775.photobucket.com/albums/yy33/ripteam/hyper-examp1.jpg[/IMG]
Top Features:
ò New in ver. 6 TextSnapÖ feature to capture editable text from 
  almost anywhere on the screen, when running under Windows 2000, XP or newer. 
  Starting from ver. 6.10 can also capture tab-delimited data for easy paste into MS Excel.
ò New & powerful image capture, editing, annotation and manipulation tools.
ò Snags also those difficult-to-grab screens from DirectXÖ and GlideÖ games.
ò Image stamps, frames, drop shadow, free-hand capture, FTP server uploads, more!
ò Automatic color substitution!
ò Non-rectangular window capture!
ò Button Capture - perfect for professional technical writers who need to snap 
  and document dozens of buttons!
ò Auto-scrolls and concurrently captures long web pages and other. documents, 
  enabling it to grab more than is visible on the screen.
ò Tightly integrates with the MS Windows clipboard to automate repetitive tasks - 
  will even automatically PASTE capture images where needed!
ò Automatically saves your captures to graphics files.
ò Doubles as effective image viewer, format converter (over 20 image formats supported).
ò Fully customizable user interface. Rearrange menus and toolbars any way you want, 
  assign any keyboard shortcuts you like, tear off menus to create instant toolbars, 
  even control HyperSnap with voice commands!
ò Extended Window Capture function when running on Windows XP« . 
  Resizes a window to be much bigger than the screen before the capture - 
  in one quick step, no auto-scrolling!
ò Much, much more!
[IMG]http://i775.photobucket.com/albums/yy33/ripteam/hyper-examp2.jpg[/IMG]


Install Notes:

1) Run HS6Setup.exe
2) After install finished, Do not run the program yet, close it
3) Copy Patch to Install folder
4) Run hypersnap.6.70-patch.exe
4) Done

Enjoy, TrT

KIS Checked:
Sandboxie Checked