Sonny Stitt - New York Jazz 
Original: 1956
Audio CD: June 10, 2003 
Format: Original recording remastered 
Label: Verve 
Quality: mp3 cbr 320 kbps

Sonny Stitt plays this 1956 studio session like a man on a mission. He has so much to say that it takes two horns (and a lot of fast-moving licks) to do it. In some cases, he switches between alto and tenor on the same tune. Overall, this album is a joyous outpouring of inspired playing by one of the most competent and confident saxophonists of his time, backed up by a solid three-man rhythm section. 
The 10 tracks, totaling 46 minutes, offer a nice selection of blues riffs and jazz standards, including "Body and Soul," a requirement in every jazz saxophonist's repertoire. The fast-paced tunes are a great adrenalin rush, but there's also plenty of pent-up energy occasionally bursting to the surface in the slow tunes. This is a very satisfying listening experience for sax lovers, and a humbling one for sax players. ~ James A. Vedda

Sonny Stitt may not be the most adventurous, the most unpredictable, the best saxophonist of all time, but he certainly is the most perfect. No one plays with more impeccable logic, executes with better technique or offers a truer sound--at once pure and direct and rich, warm and soulful. And he manages to maintain this perfection despite being listed as a leader on no fewer than 150 separate recording sessions (albums, not tracks)! He may not be the omega of saxophonists, but he should be considered the alpha by anyone who hopes to play the instrument.
One of the big myths among even those players who respect Sonny's playing is that his so-called "popular" recordings--the early Roosts and Verves on which he turns in 5-6 flawless gems on each side of the record--can be overlooked in favor of his earlier pairings with Diz and Rollins or his later virtuosic work on Muse. On the contrary, it's on these miniature performances where Sonny's unique genius is especially apparent. Allowing himself no more than a couple of choruses he still manages to construct logically complete, emotionally satisfying solos with a beginning, middle, and end, time and time again. Just listen to what he does with "Alone Together"--first on tenor, then switching horns and taking the tune out with another textbook solo on alto.

This reissue is especially welcome because it complements Sonny with an ideal rhythm section. Jo Jones was the prototypal straightahead swinging drummer during his Basie tenure; Jimmy Jones was always the self-effacing accompanist for Sarah Vaughan, and Ray Brown could be whatever the occasion demanded. All three merely lay down a harmonic/rhythmic track and stay out of Sonny's way--as it should be. ~ Samuel Chell

Personnel:
Sonny Stitt (alto saxophone, tenor saxophone)
Jimmy Jones (piano)
Ray Brown (bass)
Jo Jones (drums)

Sonny Stitt - New York Jazz Tracks:
01  Norman's Blues
02  I Know That You Know
03  If I Had You
04  Alone Together
05  Twelfth Street Rag
06  Down Home Blues
07  Sonny's Tune
08  Stars Fell on Alabama
09  Body and Soul
10  Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea