Snap Decision (2001) (TV)

Single mother Jennifer Bradley often lets her young children run around and frolic at home in diapers, underwear or even the bare. She thinks nothing of it when their godmother Carrie Dixon, Jen's best friend since college, joins in and shoots 36 pictures of their rumbling. But the photo lab reports, as the law and the Bush era 'moral majority' prudish mentality require, reports this 'possible child pornography' to the police. Chicago PD detective John Collins takes the case. The children are placed in temporary custody with their grandparents by the court at Social Services' initial recommendation. Attorney Steve Godwin accepts to defend his friend Jen. The case seems to cool, but then Jen is arrested and tried for multiple child abuse.  Written by KGF Vissers 

With one innocent click of the camera, a young widowed mother enters a frightening nightmare that ultimately may lead to decades behind bars. It was nothing more than spontaneous family fun when Jen Bradley's (Mare Winningham, "St. Elmo's Fire," TV Emmy winner for "George Wallace," Academy Award nomination for "Georgia") daughters are photographed by their mother's childhood friend, Carrie Dixon, (Felicity Huffman, "Magnolia," Golden Globe Nominee for TV's "Sports Night") a professional photographer. No one would expect that these innocent shots of her young children would spark a police investigation of child pornography and abuse. What sounds like an absurd joke turns into a harrowing reality that carries a 50-year prison sentence for Jen.
Pursuing the case with a vengeance is Detective John Collins, who seems to care little for the truth. Most troubling to Collins and the prosecutor, is the vast number of shots taken of the scantily clad girls in seemingly suggestive poses. To the bewilderment of all but the legal system, the case goes to trial, where Jen faces the real prospect of losing her children forever. But the determined mother refuses to back down from a relentless prosecutor and a hardened judge. She is confident that Carrie's photos are nothing more than the everyday images that comprise a family's photo album. While the camera never lies, Jen realizes that the real danger is in who interprets the film. Inspired by a true story. 