Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Egoísta" (English: "Selfish"), is a song by Spanish-born Mexican  actress and singer Belinda released as lead single from Carpe Diem on February 8, 2010 on radio stations, and digitally on February 23, 2010. The song features Cuban rapper Pitbull. The song was originally recorded in Spanish, but later was re-released in English as well., also a music video was filmed for this version.

A part of the music video was shot in Miami along with Pitbull in late March 2010. In May 2010 she filmed the second and final part of the video, in which she wore four different outfits, including a white dress with black bands and a big pink bow in her head, like on the Carpe Diem album cover, at the request of the public. She is the director of the video along with Vance Burberry. The video was produced by Belinda and Nacho Peregrín.

The video is set in a Gothic setting with scenery of a castle and elements of black, pink and red, and the company of dancers and two dogs. The music video was released in English and Spanish version, since the recording is being done simultaneously with the collaboration of photography director Vance Burberry, who has worked with artists such as Madonna,Spears, Marilyn Manson and Santana.

The script was co-written by Belinda, Daniel Shain and Nacho Peregrín. The music video was released on June 21 on her officialaccount and released on June 22 in MTV Latin America and others music video channels.

In late 2009, Belinda confirmed that she would be recording a song with rapper Pitbull for her then upcoming album. In November of that year, the song "Culpable" was announced to be the first single of Belinda's album Carpe Diem.  But it was later confirmed through Belinda's Twitter account that the album and single release would be delayed to 2010 after finishing Camaleones, and that "Egoísta" would instead be selected as the first single. An English version of the song was recorded on March 18, 2010 with Pitbull in Los Angeles. This version was not included on the album and was released in June of 2010. On Radio Disney Latin America, certain lyrics including "morfina" ("morphine") and "maldito cromagñon" ("damn cro-magnon") were censored.

"Egoísta" debuted at number #17 on the Venezuelan Latin Singles Chart, making it her highest debut ever on the chart. The song also debuted on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs at number 45, on the Latin Pop Songs the song debuted at number 34, on the Latin Tropical Songs at number 29 and finally on the Latin Rhythm Songs at number 17, making it her first top 20 on the chart.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/