Title: LOL (Laughing Out Loud)
Year: 2009 
Country: France
Language: French
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 700 MB 
Genre: Comedy / Romance
Runtime: 103 min
Resolution: 640 X 256
Bitrates: 164 kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
Directed by: Lisa Azuelos
Starring: Sophie Marceau    ...  Anne
 	  Christa Theret    ...  Lola
 	  Jeremy Kapone     ...  Mael
 	  Marion Chabassol  ...  Charlotte
 	  Lou Lesage        ...  Stephane
 	  Emile Bertherat   ...  Paul-Henri
 	  Felix Moati       ...  Arthur
 	  Louis Sommer      ...  Mehdi
 	  Adele Choubard    ...  Provence
 	  Jade-Rose Parker  ...  Isabelle de Peyrefitte
 	  Warren Guetta     ...  David Levy
 	  Alexandre Astier  ...  Alain
 	  Jocelyn Quivrin   ...  Lucas
 	  Françoise Fabian  ...  La mere de Anne
 	  Christiane Millet ...  La mere de Charlotte


IMDB Link:           
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1194616/

Synopis: Lol (Lola,15) can't wait to see all her friends on the first day back at middle school. But when she splits up with her boyfriend Arthur, she is heartbroken and only Maël seems to understand her. The only problem is Maël is Arthur's best friend. In a world of IPods and MSN, Lol and her friends are feeling their way through tenth grade, speaking a language peppered with text message shortcuts and dodging their often divorced and largely overwhelmed parents. After an affair with her ex-husband, Lol’s mum Anne, is being courted by a police detective. When she "accidentally" reads her teenage daughter's journal, she realises just how wide the communication gap has become. But Lol and Anne’s differences are resolved as they join forces to save Maël's musical dream. 



THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH, SPANISH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can\'t without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ		