Pokémon Adventures: Red , Blue & Green

The first story is based on the Red, Green, and Blue versions of the game. It is 3 volumes long (Chapters 1 to 40) as to reflect the three original versions of the game. It shows Red, the protagonist, who gets his Pokédex from Professor Oak to start on his Pokémon journey, collecting Pokémon and battling gym leaders for the eight coveted gym badges. He later meets his rival Blue (Blue's name was originally Green, but was changed due to English Translations) and is oddly enough, Oak's own grandson. Later in his journey, he encounters con artist Green (Green's name was originally Blue, but was changed due to English Translations), who sells him fake Pokémon items. She has stolen a Squirtle, the one stolen from Oak’s lab and evolved it into a powerful Wartortle.

Later, Oak had been kidnapped by Team Rocket for creating a Mewtwo, and Red, Green and Blue arrive at Saffron City to take on the elite of Team Rocket. They manage to defeat Team Rocket and save Oak. Red then travels to the Indigo Plateau to battle his rival Blue, having gained seven badges, but also prevails against the evil bio-weapon Mewtwo and Team Rocket's leader and legendary missing Viridian Gym Leader, Giovanni, on the way. Red later battles Blue in the Pokémon League Championships and emerges victorious, claiming the title of champion of the Pokémon League.

Pokémon Adventures: Yellow

The next storyline is loosely based on the Yellow version of the game. Red has disappeared after receiving a challenge letter sent to him by Lorelei of the Elite Four. They plan to lure him to them, so as to get information on Giovanni’s whereabouts. They also needed his Earth Badge. Only Red’s Pikachu, Pika, managed to escape, Red having been encased in ice. Yellow decided to go look for Red, as Red had helped him catch a Rattata to train him in the skills of battling.

Yellow, Blaine, Blue, Green, Bill, Lt. Surge, Koga and Sabrina join forces to bring down the Elite Four together. They found out that Lance’s master plan was to use the Gym Badges and create an amplifying effect at Cerise Island to power up a mysterious Legendary Pokémon and destroy all humans in the world except themselves. They felt that humans and Pokémon were not meant to coexist.

Red turned up later at Cerise island to help Surge and Bill defeat Bruno. It is also revealed that Giovanni was the one who rescued Red from his ice coffin. The trainers send their power to Yellow, and with their combined strength he manages to defeat Lance.

Pokémon Adventures: Gold , Silver & Crystal

The third adventure is based on the Pokémon Gold, Silver, and Crystal, versions of the game. It features the protagonists Gold, Silver and Crystal, and is centered mostly around the Johto region. In accordance with the games, Team Rocket tries to make a comeback, but instead of being defeated before Gold reaches the Pokémon League (as it happens in the game), Team Rocket actually attacks the League. Also, the main goal in the story is not for Gold or Crystal to collect all the badges, but for Gold, it is to team up with a Cyndaquil and get Totodile back from Silver (who stole it), and for Crystal, it is to complete the Pokédex.

Pokémon Adventures: Ruby & Sapphire

The Ruby & Sapphire Saga is based on the Ruby and Sapphire versions of the game. It is also ten volumes long. It features Ruby and Sapphire, and their bet to each other: 80 days for Ruby (a Pokémon coordinator, though that title is never mentioned outside the anime) to win all the Contest Ribbons in Hoenn, and for Sapphire, a powerful trainer in her own right, to battle all the Gym Leaders for the 8 badges.

In their travels, they meet new companions like the gym leaders of the Hoenn region and the avid news reporter Gabby (or Maryann) and her cameraman Ty (who play a minor role in the games). Team Magma and Team Aqua is introduced here, as they attempt to awaken the legendary Pokémon Groudon and Kyogre to conquer the world, and Ruby and Sapphire take notice after encountering several main members in their journeys. In the end, the gym leaders, Ruby, and Sapphire must protect the Hoenn region together from the awakened Groudon and Kyogre, but importantly, will the two trainers manage to keep their bet and who will come up to the top?

Pokémon Adventures: FireRed & LeafGreen

The next story, returning to Red,Green, and Blue, is loosely based on the Sevii Islands portion of the FireRed and LeafGreen versions of the game. The plot consists of Team Rocket trying to capture Deoxys, and Red,Green and Blue’s efforts to stop them. Along the way, they must rescue Blue's grandfather, Professor Oak, and Green's parents, who have been kidnapped by Deoxys. Despite their best efforts, they are not able to stop Team Rocket from obtaining Deoxys,even though they mastered the ultimate attacks taught by Kimberly, an old but powerful woman residing in two island.

Yellow and Silver are introduced into the plot halfway when the latter tried to find his parents. Knowing that his object was somewhere in Viridian City, he met up with Yellow in the forest, understanding her powers would be useful to him. Giovanni had used Deoxys power to search for his lost son coincidentally and was led to the forest when Silver and Yellow was in. It was revealed that Silver was Giovanni's son and he passed out in shock, Yellow followed went after team rocket who brought Silver back with them to an airship.

Giovanni was challenged by Red after he went after him alone when Blue and Green stayed behind at the Sevii Islands before he could meet his son. He lost, but the airship went out of control. Together, Red, Blue, Green, Yellow as well as Silver stop it from destroying cities and populations but they were caught in an energy clash that petrified them. Though Mewtwo was also caught in the attack, his body is nowhere to be seen. Deoxys had managed to escape moments before the blast currently searching for his friend (who is also a Deoxys).

Pokémon Adventures: Emerald

This story is based on the Emerald version of the game, specifically the Battle Frontier portion. The main protagonist of this story arc is Emerald, who is hired by Crystal and Professor Oak to capture Jirachi in seven days before it is captured by Guile Hideout, the main antagonist. Emerald is also trying to accomplish his dream, which is to challenge the seven facilities of Battle Frontier and conquer them all. In the process, Emerald meets with the other two Hoenn Pokédex holders, Ruby and Sapphire.

The three Pokédex owners take on the Battle Frontier challenge, but they are interrupted by Guile Hideout, who was manipulating the head of the Battle Tower, Anabel. In an ensuing battle with Emerald, he releases Anabel from his control and reveals himself to be Team Aqua's leader, Archie. He also reveals that he has caught Jirachi, and subsequently uses it to summon a massive water-composed clone of Kyogre to flood the Battle Frontier. Archie hinted, however, that he was unable to be separated from the armor covering him for a prolonged period of time.

The three Pokédex holders escape the rising waters with the help of Gold and Crystal, who had also arrived at the Battle Frontier. Gold explains that the five Pokédex owners who were petrified — Red, Blue, Green, Yellow and Silver — were ordered to be shipped to the Battle Frontier. The hope was for them to be de-petrified through a wish to Jirachi. While Crystal trains Ruby and Sapphire to learn a powerful skill that can help stop the Kyogre, Archie abandons Jirachi, who was subsequently left in Emerald's hands.

Gold assigns Emerald to make a wish to de-petrify Red, Blue, Green, Yellow and Silver. After finally coming into terms with his real desire — to be with Pokémon and people who like them — Jirachi grants his wish, and the five Pokédex owners were cured of their petrification. Red and Gold immediately incapacitated Archie by destroying his armor. With all ten Pokédex owners now reunited, they combined their strongest attacks together and defeated the Kyogre. Archie then vanishes as a result of him being separated from his armor for too long.

Pokémon Adventures: Diamond & Pearl

This storyline is based on the Diamond and Pearl versions of the game. It features Lady Platinum Berlitz, who, for her coming-of-age ceremony, must travel to the top of Mt. Coronet in order to collect materials to create her own family emblem. Despite her vast knowledge, due to coming from a wealthy family of scholars, her father insists that she is followed by a pair of professional bodyguards. However, an identity mishap occurs as manzai comedians Diamond and Pearl believe that Platinum is their tour guide who will accompany them on a prize trip around Sinnoh, while Platinum believe that the duo are her bodyguards.

As they travel Sinnoh, Platinum becomes engrossed in Gym Battles after fighting Roark in order to up her Piplup’s confidence. She manages to obtain six gym badges within a space of 25 days, which Bryon remarks to have beaten Sapphire’s previous record of 8 badges in 80 days. While helping Platinum prepare for Gym Battles through intense periods of training, the starter Pokémon bestowed upon them by Professor Rowan gradually evolve to their final evolved form, while Platinum’s Ponyta evolves into a Rapidash.

In an encounter with Team Galactic while in Veilstone, Platinum becomes Galactic’s ransom target, as a means to extract capital to develop a bomb, which will be used to destroy the three lakes of Sinnoh. Platinum’s center of attention causes the banishment of her real bodyguards to a different realm, causing Diamond and Pearl to continue faking as professional bodyguards, while now knowing the truth. The evidence is further solidified when the trio visit Celestic Town to find Cyrus studying the ruins there.

After battling Fantina for a gym badge, the trio learn that Platinum’s dad and Professor Rowan have been kidnapped while at an academic conference in Canalave City. They immediately speed to Canalave City aboard Fantina’s Drifblim.

Pokémon Adventures: Platinum

The chapter follows Lady Platinum Berlitz as she enters the Battle Frontier as well as Looker, who is investigating information on the Distortion World.

I'm uploading this because it's really hard to find this manga, so it's easier to just compile it all in one place, I'll be seeding this for a while, so please download, seed and comment.