this is a track i recorded back in 2003...  i have had some great feedback regarding this song, seen comments on european music forums - 1 girl emailed me saying she listened to it at morrison's grave and cried.   this is the first time i'm offering it up as a lossless quality flac file for anybody who wants it.

i wanted a track with a 'riders on the storm' sound mixed with a satriani-like guitar solo, and of course jims spoken word poetry.

jims spoken words comes from the poetry album he "supposedly" recorded in paris after leaving the states in early 1971.   the reason i say supposedly is mainly because when i talked to robby krieger once backstage in chicago, he said they don't know for sure if it was recorded in paris - they think so, but not positive.   hense the name "parisian dream".   yes, robby krieger has heard this track...  pretty fuckin' kool that a nobody like myself can record with jim morrison and have robby fuckin' krieger check it out.

one funny note - as i was recording this, i had to listen to it many times over and over to edit, mix, and figure out the next recording necessary - the volume kept getting louder and louder.   one of my neighbors eventually called the cops due to the "noise".   i was smoking a pot pipe as i got a knock on the window - holy shit, it's a fucking cop at my window...  turn the fan on, spray some scented crap.   crank open the window...   yes officer, can i help you?   (i know, this sounds like henry louis gates going through the drive through at the cambridge police department IN HIS FUCKING HOUSE!!)   uhh, we had a noise complaint from these premises...  all proper and shit.   i was like, oh, sorry about that, i'm just recording some music and using some of jim morrison's poetry overdubs.   the cop said, "really!?   i used to be a huge doors fan".   to my amazement, the fucking cop stood in my window and listened to the whole god damn track as i'm freakin' out about the intense aroma of pot still smoldering thoroughout the room.   he then said, well, that sounds really good, just turn it down a couple notches, and walked to his car and drove away.   still sitting in my desk chair, i swivel around and look at my pot pipe sitting on an end table with a magazine mostly covering it thinking, holy fucking crap...   not only did i NOT get busted, but i totally entertained the damn cops with my music.   fuck you whoever called in the complaint!!!

is that funny shit or what??

haha!

enjoy!