Please seed!

En av Sveriges absolut bästa sångerskor genom tiderna. Här i ett antal inspelningar från slutet av 50-talet och början av 60-talet. Läs mer efter låtlistan.

One of Sweden's best female singers of all time. Here in a number of recordings from the late 50s and early 60s. Read more after tracklist.

Regntunga Skyar - Alice Babs

01  Piccolissima Serenata - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
02  Rock-in Robin - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
03  Den som glad är - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
04  Sail Along Silv'ry Moon - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
05  Bimbombey - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
06  Puerto Rico - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
07  La strada del amore - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
08  Good Bye Jimmy Good Bye - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
09  Tunnel Of Love - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
10  Melodie D'amour - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
11  Tulpaner Från Amsterdam - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
12  Fråga mig inte varför - Alice Babs, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
13  Gunga I En Hammock - Alice Babs (Swe-Danes)
14  Roslagsvår - Alice Babs, Nils Lindbergs orkester
15  Regntunga Skyar - Alice Babs, Mats Olssons orkester
16  Jag Backar Ur - Alice Babs, Bengt Olssons orkester
17  Nattens underland - Alice Babs med Titti Sjöblom, Bengt Hallbergs orkester
18  Vårat Gäng Kavalkad - Alice Babs (live)



Alice Babs (born Hildur Alice Nilsson in January 26, 1924) is a singer and actor from Kalmar in Sweden. While she has worked in a wide number of genres - e.g. Swedish folklore, Elizabethan songs and opera - she is best known internationally as a jazz singer. Making her breakthrough in Swing it magistern
(Swing It, Teacher!) (1940), she appeared in more than a dozen Swedish films. Despite playing the well-behaved, good-hearted, cheerful girl, the youth culture forming with Alice Babs as its icon caused outrage among members of the older generation. A vicar called the Alice Babs cult the "foot and mouth disease to cultural life".
In 1958, she was the first artist to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest, finishing in 4th place with the song Lilla stjärna (Little Star). The same year, she formed Swe-Danes with Ulrik Neumann and Svend Asmussen. The group would later tour the United States together, before dissolving in 1961.
A long and productive period of collaboration with Duke Ellington started in 1963. Among other works, Alice Babs performed his second and third Sacred Concerts that were originally written for her. Her voice had a range of more than three octaves; Duke Ellington said that when she did not sing the parts that he wrote for her, he had to use three different singers.
Alice Babs was appointed Court Singer 1972 and became in 1974 member of the Royal Music Academy (Sweden).
Alice Babs currently resides in Sweden.