Need for Speed: Most Wanted Black Edition Including Update Patch + Crack 

FULLY Tested andWorks - Instructions 
Included inside - don't be turd-sandwich HELP SEED plzz! ;)

From the makers of the hit Need for Speed Underground series, Need for Speed Most Wanted challenges players to become the most notorious and elusive street racer. 
Combining illicit street racing and tuner customization with the intensity of strategic police pursuit that surpasses any Hollywood-style chase scene. 
Out-race rivals, evade cops and exploit hundreds of miles of open road as gamers make their way up the Blacklist. 
To become the most wanted racer, players must build up their street cred and Rap Sheet with gripping, white knuckle, head-to-head races with the top drivers on the streets, as well as pull daring, evasive moves to out-run and out-fox the cops that patrol the open road. 
Players can manage their heat or utilize a number of strategic tactics to keep the cops off their tails as they leave their rivals behind to suck their exhaust fumes. 
Need for Speed Most Wanted also features a variety of the hottest cars that range from tuners to super cars. You can customize your ride to race against any class of vehicles. 

Black Edition Features: 

2 Exclusive Vehicles—Get behind the wheel of a '67 Camaro, the only American classic in Need for Speed Most Wanted, and a specially-tuned BMW M3 GTR street machine right out of the box in Quick Race and Online modes. 
8 Custom Rides—Eight specially-tuned rides with hand-selected body kits, spoilers, rims, roof scoops, and more are unlocked and available for you to redline in Quick Race and Online modes. Featured cars: Supra, Lotus Elise, Porsche 911 GT2, Mercedes-Benz SL65 AMG, Corvette C6, Mercedes-Benz SL 500, Porsche 911 Carrera S, and Corvette C6.R. 
3 Exclusive Races—Ignite the streets in three races created specifi cally for the Black Edition, unlocked and available to drive right from the start. 

Features 

* Tune/upgrade the performance of your ride to beat any class of car. 
* Daytime, illicit street racing. 
* Get noticed and get challenged to races. 
* Win races and ditch the cops to move up the "black list". 
* Skill-based cop evasion and upgradeable evasion technology. 
* Rap Sheet inspired game modes. 
* Epic Hollywood-style police pursuits with up to 15 cop cars onscreen. 
* Interactive environment that aides in losing the cops 
* Drive across and into any open terrain/buildings. 

System Requirements: 

Windows XP or 2000 
1.4GHz or faster CPU 
256MB RAM 
8x speed or faster CD/DVD ROM drive 
3GB or more free hard drive space 
DirectX 9.0c compatible Video Card with 32MB or more memory and one of these chipsets: ATI Radeon 7500 or greater / ATI Radeon Xpress 200 / NVIDIA GeForce2 MX/GTS or greater / Intel 950/i915g / S3 GammaChrome S18 Pro 
DirectX 9.0c compatible Sound Card 
Keyboard & Mouse or USB Steering Wheel or Gamepad 


