I went back and redid episodes 1-5 because the subs weren't displaying in the very beginning as they should. I also went back and added subtitles to the textless intros and endings. Please delete episodes 1-5, all clean intros and endings and the SFV before downloading / seeding this torrent.

Video: 720x400 - 720x480 16/9, H.264, MKV, 23.976 FPS
Subtitles: English Text for Songs & Signs and Japanese Audio
Audio: English AC3 5.1 Surround Sound (6 CH), Japanese AC3 Stereo (2 CH)



A new and deadly breed of covert agent walks the streets...

Volume #1 (Eps #1-5)

Known as Contractors, these assassins and spies wield bizarre supernatural powers to carry out the dirty work of others. They thrive in the underworld, between rumor and reality, their loyalties always in question. One among these operatives is more mysterious than the rest: the masked killer BK201, the Black Reaper. His true identity and intentions remain unknown, but as his path weaves through the shadows and alleys of Tokyo, blood is spilled on both sides of the law. It's a new age of confusion, and the rules of engagement have changed.



Volume #2 (Eps #6-10)

A new and deadly breed of covert agent walks the streets. Known as Contractors, these assassins and spies wield bizarre supernatural powers to carry out the dirty work of others. One among these operatives is more mysterious than the rest: the masked killer BK201, the Black Reaper. Kirihara watches with frustration as the violent rogue boldly makes his mark on the turf she's supposed to protect, from the blood-soaked gutter to the artificial stars high above Tokyo. The cop may feel helpless to catch anything but his aftermath, but Kirihara has never been one to give up. And the Black Reaper is much closer than she could possibly know.



Volume #3 (Eps #11-14)

A new and deadly breed of covert agent walks the streets. Known as Contractors, these assassins and spies wield bizarre supernatural powers to carry out the dirty work of others. One among these operatives is more mysterious than the rest: the masked killer BK201, the Black Reaper. But he doesn't work alone. As one part of a motley crew controlled by a clandestine syndicate, the Black Reaper goes where he's told - that is, until he chooses not to. Alliances are always shaky at best in this new world of espionage, and loyalty is never guaranteed in the madness unleashed by Hell's Gate. Pain, however, is a promise.




Volume #4 (Eps #15-18)

A new and deadly breed of covert agent walks the streets. Known as Contractors, these assassins and spies wield bizarre supernatural powers to carry out the dirty work of others. One among these operatives is more mysterious than the rest: the masked killer BK201, the Black Reaper. He may not be responsible for the bombings plaguing Tokyo, but blame is tough to assign with so many clandestine agencies vying to control all that Hell's Gate could offer. The list of suspects shrinks considerably when a Contractor from the Black Reaper's past reappears. A new faction is waging war. Their motives are hidden, but their tactics are incredibly bold.




Volume #5 (Eps #19-22)

A new and deadly breed of covert agent walks the streets. Known as Contractors, these assassins and spies wield bizarre supernatural powers to carry out the dirty work of others. One among these operatives is more mysterious than the rest: the masked killer BK201, the Black Reaper. The rogue finds himself mired in a clash between many factions, on a battleground where faith and love can bring out the worst in a soul. The fate of his kind hangs in the balance, and the final act of war is being prepared. The Black Reaper will have to face the fact that his most hated rival could be his only hope.



Volume #6 (Eps #23-26)

The mysteries of his violent past have been revealed, but the future is still in question. Something big is on the horizon for those who dwell in the shadows. As the spotted sun rises over Hell's Gate, the clock ticks toward imminent destruction. The final battle in the war between humanity and the Contractors has begun. Should the Black Reaper survive, reality will be his to mold.