Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 11
Episode Name: Hairography
Original Air Date on TV: Novemeber 25, 2009


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

New Directions' director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) suspects that cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester has been colluding with rival glee clubs, and visits the Jane Addams Academy for girls recently released from juvenile detention. When their club director Grace Hitchens (Eve) reveals the extent of the school's under-funding, Will invites her club to perform in the McKinley High auditorium. Will is intimidated by their opposition, but Rachel (Lea Michele) assures him that the girls are using the power of "hairography"—frequent, dramatic hair-tossing—to distract from the fact their singing and dancing ability is limited. Will purchases wigs for New Directions and has them utilize hairography themselves, performing a mash-up of "Hair" and "Crazy in Love". Dalton Rumba (Michael Hitchcock), glee club director at Haverbrook School for the Deaf, feels slighted by the invitation Will extended to the Jane Addams Academy, and arranges for his own club to also perform at McKinley High. His club duets with New Directions on John Lennon's "Imagine", and Will realizes that the new mash-up and hairography routine is not working. He removes it from the club's set-list, replacing it with a performance of "True Colors". Unbeknownst to Will, Sue reveals two songs from New Directions' line-up for sectionals to Grace and Dalton, suggesting they have their own clubs perform them to gain an edge in the competition.

Quinn begins to doubt her decision to give her baby to Will's wife Terri (Jessalyn Gilsig), and re-considers her stance on raising the baby with Finn instead of Puck (Mark Salling). She tells Terri she wants to keep the baby, but in an effort to change her mind, Terri's sister Kendra (Jennifer Aspen) has Quinn babysit her three unruly sons. Quinn invites Puck to babysit with her and the two bond, however when Quinn discovers that Puck spent the evening sexting his ex-girlfriend Santana (Naya Rivera), she re-commits to having the baby adopted, believing her daughter deserves a better father. Elsewhere, Kurt (Chris Colfer) gives Rachel a make-over, ostensibly to help her attract Finn, but in reality attempting to sabotage her chances with him. Finn is unimpressed with Rachel's new look before telling her he remembered having the conversation with Kurt about what he liked in girls. Rachel confronts Kurt, stating that even if he is in love with Finn, she will always have a better chance "because I'm a girl". But Kurt tells her that they are both kidding themselves: Finn is in love with Quinn and nothing will change that.

I Will Be Uploading All Glee Episodes As Single Files Then All Together (:
I Will Also Be Uploading All Albums To Each Season (:

Enjoy (: & Please Seed 

Thanks

- [Np]
