Friedrich Nietzsche developed his philosophy, sometimes referred to as Nietzscheanism, during the late 19th Century amid growing criticism of Hegel’s philosophic system. Since the dawn of the 20th Century, it has had great intellectual and political influence around the world. 




Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
(October 15, 1844 – August 25, 1900) was a 19th- century German philosopher and classical philologist. He wrote critical texts on religion, morality, contemporary culture, philosophy and science, using a distinctive German-language style and displaying a fondness for metaphor, irony and aphorism. Nietzsche’s influence remains substantial within and beyond philosophy, notably in existentialism and
postmodernism. His style and radical questioning of the value and objectivity of truth have resulted in much commentary and interpretation, mostly in the
continental tradition, and to a lesser extent in analytic philosophy. His key ideas include the interpretation of tragedy as an affirmation of life, an
eternal recurrence (which numerous commentators have re-interpreted), a rejection of Platonism and a repudiation of both Christianity and egalitarianism
(especially in the form of democracy and socialism)….-Freebase


THE COMPLETE FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE

    * TXT
          Dionysus Dithyrambs.txt
          Homer and Classical Philology.txt
          On Truth and Lies in a Nonmoral Sense.txt
          The Future of our Educational Institutions.txt
          The Will to Power.txt
          Thoughts Out of Season.txt
          Untimely Meditations I.txt
          Untimely Meditations II.txt
          Untimely Meditations III.txt
          Untimely Meditations IV.txt
          We Philologists.txt
          Friedrich Nietzsche.txt
    * PDF
          Nietzsche - Beyond Good and Evil (CUP).pdf
          Nietzsche - Human All Too Human (CUP).pdf
          Nietzsche - On The Genealogy Of Morality.pdf
          Nietzsche - The Anti-Christ, Ecce Homo, Twilight Of The Idols, And Other Writings (CUP).pdf
          Nietzsche - The Case of Wagner, Nietzche Contra Wagner, and Selected Aphorisms.pdf
          Nietzsche - The Gay Science (CUP).pdf
          Nietzsche - Thus Spoke Zarathustra (CUP).pdf
          Study Guide for Nietzsche's Thus Spoke Zarathustra.pdf
          Nietzsche -The Birth of Tragedy.pdf
          The Nietzsche Reader.PDF






Thus Spoke Zarathustra:
A Book for All and None (German: Also sprach Zarathustra: Ein Buch für Alle und Keinen) is a philosophical novel by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche,
composed in four parts between 1883 and 1885. Much of the work deals with ideas such as the “eternal recurrence of the same”, the parable on the “death of
God”, and the “prophecy” of the Overman, which were first introduced in The Gay Science.

The Birth of Tragedy:
from the Spirit of Music (Die Geburt der Tragödie aus dem Geiste der Musik, 1872) is a 19th-century work of dramatic theory by the German philosopher
Friedrich Nietzsche. It was reissued in 1886 as The Birth of Tragedy, Or: Hellenism and Pessimism (Die Geburt der Tragödie, Oder: Griechentum und
Pessimismus). The later edition contained a prefatory essay, An Attempt at Self-Criticism, wherein Nietzsche commented on this very early work.
Nietzsche found in classical Athenian tragedy an art form that transcended the pessimism and nihilism of a fundamentally meaningless world. The Greek
spectators, by looking into the abyss of human suffering and affirming it, passionately and joyously, affirmed the meaning in their own existence.
They knew themselves to be infinitely more than the petty individuals of the apparent world, finding self-affirmation, not in another life, not in a
world to come, but in the terror and ecstasy alike…

Beyond Good and Evil:
(German: Jenseits von Gut und Böse), subtitled “Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future” (Vorspiel einer Philosophie der Zukunft), is a book by the German
philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, first published in 1886. It takes up and expands on the ideas of his previous work, Thus Spoke Zarathustra, but
approached from a more critical, polemical direction. In Beyond Good and Evil, Nietzsche attacks past philosophers for their alleged lack of critical
sense and their blind acceptance of Christian premises in their consideration of morality. The work moves into the realm “beyond good and evil” in the
sense of leaving behind the traditional morality which Nietzsche subjects to a destructive critique in favour of what he regards as an affirmative
approach that fearlessly confronts the perspectival nature of knowledge and the perilous condition of the modern individual.

Human, All Too Human:
(Menschliches, Allzumenschliches), subtitled A Book for Free Spirits (Ein Buch für freie Geister), is a book by 19th century philosopher Friedrich
Nietzsche, originally published in 1878. A second part, Assorted Opinions and Maxims (Vermischte Meinungen und Sprüche), was published in 1879, and a
third part, The Wanderer and his Shadow (Der Wanderer und sein Schatten), followed in 1880. Reflecting an admiration of Voltaire as a free thinker, but
also a break in his friendship with composer Richard Wagner two years earlier, Nietzsche dedicated the original 1878 edition “to the memory of Voltaire
on the celebration of the anniversary of his death, May 30, 1778.” Instead of a preface, the first part originally included a quotation from Descartes’
Discourse on the Method. Nietzsche later republished all three parts as a two-volume edition in 1886, adding a preface to each volume, and removing the
Descartes quote as well as the dedication to Voltaire.

On the Genealogy of Morality:
or On the Genealogy of Morals (German: Zur Genealogie der Moral), subtitled “A Polemic” (Eine Streitschrift), is a work by German philosopher Friedrich
Nietzsche, composed and first published in 1887 with the intention of expanding and following through on certain new doctrines sketched out in his
previous work Beyond Good and Evil. The most straightforward of Nietzsche’s books and the least aphoristic in form and style, it is considered by
Nietzsche scholars to be a work of sustained brilliance and power, and Nietzsche’s masterpiece. It consists of a preface and three interrelated
Abhandlungen (“treatises” or “essays”), which trace episodes in the evolution of moral concepts with a view to undermining “moral prejudices”, and
specifically the morality of Christianity. The subject of Nietzsche’s treatises are his thoughts “on the origin of our moral prejudices”…

The Anti-Christ:
(German: Der Antichrist) (also could be translated as The Anti-Christian) is a book by the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, originally published in 1895.
Although it was written in 1888, its controversial content made Franz Overbeck and Heinrich Köselitz delay its publication, along with Ecce Homo. The
German title can be translated into English as both “The Anti-Christ” and “The Anti-Christian.” The English word “Christian” is called a weak noun in
German and, in the singular nominative case, it is translated as “der Christ.” Given the content of the book, the title is likely to imply both
connotations (the same way as the word “Antichristianity” would in English). Nietzsche claimed in the Foreword to have written the book for a very
limited readership. In order to understand the book, he asserted that the reader “… must be honest in intellectual matters to the point of harshness
to so much as endure my seriousness, my passion.”

Twilight of the Idols:
or, How to Philosophize with a Hammer (original German title Götzen-Dämmerung, oder, Wie man mit dem Hammer philosophirt) is a book by Friedrich
Nietzsche, written in 1888, and published in 1889. Twilight of the Idols was written in just over a week, between 26 August and 3 September 1888, while
Nietzsche was on holiday in Sils-Maria. As Nietzsche’s fame and popularity was spreading both inside and outside Germany, Nietzsche felt that he needed a
text that was a short introduction to his work; Twilight of the Idols is his attempt at this. Originally titled A Psychologist’s Idleness, it was renamed
Twilight of the Idols, or, How to Philosophize with a Hammer. The latter title, Götzen-Dämmerung in German, is a pun on the title of Richard Wagner’s
opera, Götterdämmerung, or ‘Twilight of the Gods’. Götzen is a diminutive of götter; thus, götzen can be translated as either “idol” or “false god”.

The Gay Science:
[German: Die fröhliche Wissenschaft], is a book written by Friedrich Nietzsche, first published in 1882 and followed by a second edition, which was
published after the completion of Thus Spoke Zarathustra and Beyond Good and Evil, in 1887. This substantial expansion includes a fifth book and an
appendix of songs. It was noted by Nietzsche to be “the most personal of all my books”, and contains the greatest number of poems in any of his published
work. The book’s title uses a phrase that was well known at the time. It was derived from a Provençal expression for the technical skill required for
poetry writing that had already been used by Ralph Waldo Emerson and E. S. Dallas and, in inverted form, by Thomas Carlyle (see The dismal science). The
book’s title was, however, first translated into English as The Joyous Wisdom. Nevertheless The Gay Science has become the canonical translation of the
title since Walter Kaufmann’s version in the 1960s.

Ecce Homo:
How One Becomes What One Is (German: Ecce homo: Wie man wird, was man ist) is the title of the last original book written by philosopher Friedrich
Nietzsche before his final years of insanity that spanned until his death in 1900. It was written in 1888 and was not published until 1908. According to
one of Nietzsche’s most prominent English translators, Walter Kaufmann, the book offers “Nietzsche’s own interpretation of his development, his works,
and his significance” (Kaufmann 1967: 201). The book contains several chapters with self-laudatory titles, such as “Why I Am So Wise”, “Why I Am So
Clever”, “Why I Write Such Good Books” and “Why I Am a Destiny”. In many ways, Ecce Homo is a quintessential reflection of Nietzsche’s work as a
philosopher, writer and thinker. Within this work, Nietzsche is self-consciously striving to present a new image of the philosopher and of himself, for
example, a philosopher "who is not an Alexandrian academic nor an Apollonian sage, but…
