Cinderella - Rocked Wired & Bluesed: The Greatest Hits (2005)
Mp3
CBR 320
Front Cover


Biography by William Ruhlmann allmusic.com

Hard rock band Cinderella gained success in the mid-'80s, turning out a series of million-selling albums and hit singles while placing music videos iheavy rotation on MTV. By the mid-'90s, the group's mass popularity had subsided due to professional setbacks and perceived changes in taste. But they continued to tour regularly well into the 21st century.


Review by William Ruhlmann allmusic.com

Cinderella's Rocked, Wired & Bluesed: The Greatest Hits is intended to replace the 1997 compilation Once Upon A ... as a full-length, single-disc retrospective on the group. Like Once Upon A ..., it contains all eight of Cinderella's Billboard Hot 100 hits and 11 of its 12 entries in Billboard's Mainstream Rock radio chart. (In both cases, the exception is "Bad Attitude Shuffle.") But the newer collection adds the album tracks "Night Songs" from the debut album of the same name; "Bad Seamstress Blues/Fallin' Apart at the Seams," "Long Cold Winter," and "If You Don't Like It," from the second album, Long Cold Winter, and "Winds of Change" from the third album, Heartbreak Station. And instead of including "Through the Rain" from the disappointing fourth album, Still Climbing, it chooses "Blood From a Stone." The rarities "War Stories" and "Move Over" are also missing, along with "Love's Got Me Doin' Time" from Heartbreak Station. In total, Rocked, Wired & Bluesed: The Greatest Hits is two tracks and ten minutes longer than Once Upon A ... and is a marginal improvement over its predecessor. But fans who already own the earlier compilation don't have much reason to plump for the newer one.

1. Night Songs
2. Shake Me
3. Nobody's Fool
4. Somebody Save Me
5. Bad Seamstress Blues/Fallin' Apart At The Seams
6. Gypsy Road
7. Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone)
8. The Last Mile
9. Long Cold Winter
10.If You Don't Like It
11.Coming Home
12.The More Things Change
13.Shelter Me
14.Heartbreak Station
15.Winds Of Change
16.Blood From A Stone
17.Hot And Bothered


Enjoy!
