Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Truth (1968) was the first full-length album by Jeff Beck and his backing group. Enjoying strong reviews upon its release, Truth is now widely regarded as one of the first heavy metal albums, due to its blending of hard rock and blues.

The album featured three original songwriting collaborations between Jeff Beck and singer Rod Stewart, "Let Me Love You", "Blues Deluxe", and "Rock My Plimsoul". The album is highlighted by a re-recording of the Yardbirds' "Shapes of Things", Willie Dixon's "I Ain't Superstitious" and the traditional "Greensleeves."

Guests include both guitarist Jimmy Page and bassist/keyboardist John Paul Jones on "Beck's Bolero", originally recorded in 1966 with Keith Moon on drums and Nicky Hopkins on piano, and released as the B side to Beck's first solo release, "Hi Ho Silver Lining" in 1967.

Tom Scholz of Boston has listed Truth as his favorite album on Gibson's online magazine, stating, "I knew Jeff Beck's Truth album inside and out."

The album's title inspired the name of Iowan band, Truth and Janey.

In 2010, Rhapsody praised the album, calling it one of the all-time best "proto-metal" records

"Morning Dew", also known as "(Walk Me Out in the) Morning Dew", is a post-apocalyptic folk-rock song written by Canadian singer Bonnie Dobson in 1962.

According to Dobson in a 1993 interview, "Morning Dew" was inspired by the film On the Beach.

Fred Neil heard Dobson's song and re-arranged it to suit his own style. Tim Rose heard Neil's version and then recorded his own in 1966, adding himself as co-writer. Through a loophole in US copyright law, Rose was able to claim royalties. Dobson has consistently questioned Rose's right to a co-writing credit.

Geoffrey Arnold "Jeff" Beck (born 24 June 1944) is an English rock guitarist. He is one of the three noted guitarists, along with Eric Clapton and Jimmy Page, to have played with The Yardbirds. Beck also formed The Jeff Beck Group, and Beck, Bogert & Appice, besides his successful solo career.

Jeff Beck was ranked 14th in Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time". MSNBC has called him a "guitarist's guitarist" and Rolling Stone magazine has described him as "one of the most influential lead guitarists in rock". Much of Beck's recorded output has been instrumental, with a focus on innovative sound and his releases have spanned genres ranging from blues-rock, heavy metal, jazz fusion and most recently, an additional blend of guitar-rock and electronica. Beck has earned wide critical praise; furthermore, he has received the Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance five times. Although he has had two hit albums (in 1975 and 1976) as a solo act, Beck has not been able to establish and maintain a broad following or the sustained commercial success of many of his collaborators and bandmates. Beck appears on albums by Kate Bush, Roger Waters, Stevie Wonder, Les Paul, Zucchero, Cyndi Lauper, Brian May and ZZ Top. He also made a cameo appearance in the movie Twins (1988).

He has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice, once as a member of The Yardbirds (1992), and once as a solo artist (2009).

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/