sixstepsrecords presents Passion's latest disc, highlighting some of the best moments of Passion 2010 in Atlanta, GA with over 22,000 university students. The album will feature new music from Chris Tomlin, David Crowder*Band, Charlie Hall, Matt Redman, Christy Nockels, Kristian Stanfill and more.

Uniting tens of thousands of university students in an effort to make God's fame known in the campuses and churches of the nation, the Passion movement continues to gain momentum.

According to Passion founder and leader, Louie Giglio, "At the heart of it all, Passion exists to see a generation stake their lives on what matters most. For us, that is the fame of the One who rescues and restores, and our opportunity to amplify His name in everything we do. Having completed in 2009 a six-continent, seventeen-city World Tour, we are convinced more than ever that God is raising up a generation all around the globe that is passionate about making their lives count for His fame. From London to Jakarta, Tokyo to Johannesburg, Sao Paula to Sydney we have seen their faces and had the privilege of saying with them, "Greater things have yet to come and greater things are still to be done." That's true globally, and in the cities and campuses of our nation, and why we are so excited about Passion Twenty Ten. More than simply an event, Passion Twenty Ten is another step in a journey that is all about finding true meaning as we take our places in a story that is so much bigger than ourselves. It's about trading in small dreams for a role in a grand epic that is shaping history and has no end. And it's a rare chance for tens of thousands of university-aged young people to gather from across the US and around the world to celebrate their common faith and purpose." 


Track listing:

1. Awakening – Chris Tomlin
2. Say, Say – Kristian Stanfill
3. Our God – Chris Tomlin
4. How He Loves – The David Crowder*Band
5. Healing is in Your Hands – Christy Nockels
6. King of Heaven (Isaiah 61) – Charlie Hall
7. You Alone Can Rescue – Matt Redman
8. Where the Spirit of the Lord Is – Chris Tomlin/Christy Nockels
9. Rise and Sing – FEE
10. Like a Lion – The David Crowder*Band
11. Chosen Generation – Chris Tomlin
12. With Everything – Hillsong United

+ 3 Extra Songs