--- Video Information ---                                                       
Video Codec Type:  MPEG2                    
Duration (hh:mm:ss): 59:52.880                
Frame Count: 89822             
Frame Width (pixels): 720                  
Frame Height (pixels): 576                  
Storage Aspect Ratio: 1.250                                              
Frames Per Second: 25.000          
Pics Per Second: 25.000            
Video Bitrate (kbps): 1996 

--- Audio Information ---                                                       
MPEG Stream ID:  0xc0                         
Audio Codec: MPEG-1 Layer 2                             
Audio Sample Rate (Hz): 48000             
Audio Bitrate(kbps): 128                 
Audio Bitrate Type: CBR            
Audio Channel Count: 2           


In 1993, a film crew from Yorkshire Television in the U.K. - led by producer Nick Grey and director Tim Tate - went to Omaha, Nebraska in the U.S.A. to make a documentary about an alleged pedophile ring.

The film was funded by the Discovery Channel and it was originally to be shown in the U.K. and Ireland as part of Yorkshire Television's documentary series "First Tuesday".

In Omaha, the Yorkshire TV crew discovered the machinations of a vast child trafficking network that provided children to the wealthy and political establishment for molestation and blackmail.

Shortly before Conspiracy of Silence was to be screened on "First Tuesday", The Discovery Channel inexplicably withdrew it's support for the film, and to this day the documentary remains "unaired".

An unpolished, yet coherent, rough cut of that documentary has been made available to author and researcher Nick Bryant who has shared this with the world online.
 
http://www.franklinscandal.com/

...

On Tuesday, May 3rd 1994, this program was scheduled to air on the Discovery Channel.

Influential members of Congress applied pressure to the cable industry to stop the airing of the program and to destroy all copies.

It was already listed nation-wide in the April 30th-May 6th edition of TV Guide and newspaper supplements.

The Discovery Channel and Yorkshire Television were reimbursed for the 1/4 to 1/2 million dollars production costs.

Nick Grey, the producer of Conspiracy of Silence, leaked a rough copy of this film to formber FBI agent Ted Gunderson and Senator John DeCamp, who made it available online more than 10 years ago.  Recently, researcher Nick Bryant obtained another rough copy which had been being prepared for airing in Ireland back in 1994.  It is longer and of better quality than the leaked copy from Gunderson and DeCamp.

--------------------------------
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conspiracy_of_Silence_%28documentary%29

The Franklin child prostitution ring allegations were a series of high-profile accusations and legal actions surrounding an alleged child sex ring serving prominent citizens of Omaha, Nebraska, as well as high-level U.S. politicians. The scandal centered around the actions of Lawrence E. King, a prominent member of the Republican Party[1][2] and former official at the Franklin Community Federal Credit Union in Omaha. King was eventually arrested and convicted of embezzlement charges.

The allegations were investigated by a special Nebraska state legislative committee and the FBI. A 1990 grand jury report concluded the allegations amounted to a "carefully crafted hoax," although the alleged perpetrators of said hoax were never officially identified. However, the special Nebraska legislative committee assigned to investigate the allegations criticized the grand jury’s report after finding no clear evidence that conclusively established what was the truth and what was a hoax. Allegations of a coverup, including claims of a connection between the Franklin case and a Washington, D.C. male prostitution ring, have circulated since.

King eventually served 10 years of a 15-year prison sentence for embezzlement and fraud. He was later served with a $1M default judgment after he failed to appear in court to respond to civil charges of kidnapping and child abuse.

...

More allegations of a coverup came to light when a 56-minute documentary film about King's alleged child prostitution ring titled Conspiracy of Silence,[15] produced in 1993 by Yorkshire Television, surfaced on the Internet. The film features an interview with former CIA director William Colby, numerous members of the Nebraska state legislature including John DeCamp, and more than one alleged victim in the case.

In 2009, a new book by investigative journalist Nick Bryant was published about the scandal and alleged coverup. The book is titled: The Franklin Scandal: A Story of Powerbrokers, Child Abuse & Betrayal.

...
 
http://rumur.com/hoax

A Carefully Crafted Hoax is a feature investigative documentary that examines child prostitution and sexual exploitation in America by focusing on the well-documented story of Johnny Gosch, a paperboy adbucted in Des Moines, Iowa, and its connection to a notorious pedophile network based in Nebraska.

The shocking disclosures begin at an old brick warehouse in a seedy section of Washington, DC, progressing through the $40 million dollar bust-out of a nondescript Midwestern credit union and then back to a DC party-house that was wired for blackmail. A tragic tale that tears at your heart and rips your soul, A Carefully Crafted Hoax proves that child-pandering was covered up from the utmost pinnacle of power - using the CIA, FBI, Secret Service and a corrupt judicial process.


A Carefully Crafted Hoax
By combining original footage, news clips, lost scenes from a suppressed documentary, Conspiracy of Silence, telephone recordings, classified documents, and interviews with the victims who are now adults, A Carefully Crafted Hoax builds on the mountain of existing evidence to present a portrait of Johnny, Paul, Alisha and the rest of the throwaway kids whose lives were fatefully intertwined in the disturbing world of child prostitution.

The film seeks to understand what happened to Johnny and elucidate Alisha's fate, and look at Boys Town's role in the national pandering network. What has become of King's pedophile ring? Who is collecting these kids off our streets and selling them? How can we stop it?

FEATURING:

- Noreen Gosch, Mother of Johnny Gosch
- Lawrence King, Former President of Franklin Credit Union and accused ringleader of a national pedophile network
- Paul Rodriguez, Washington Times, broke stories on powerbroker Craig Spence, King's partner in pandering and blackmail
- John DeCamp, Former Nebraska senator who wrote The Franklin Cover-Up, a book detailing the scandal
- Eulice Washington, First victim of King's to come forward
- Tony Harris, Boys Town student who was flown around the country by King for sexual exploitation
- Henry Vinson, owned the largest escort service in DC history and supplied escorts to Craig Spence and Larry King
- Paul Bonacci, A victim who was awarded a $1 million judgement against King and admitted to abducting Johnny Gosch.
- Fred Carter, Former Boys Town mayor who privy of Boys Town students being used for for sexual exploitation
- Alisha Owen, One of six exploited kids to come forward and testify before the grand jury
- William Colby, Former Director of CIA
- Rusty Nelson, Blackmail photographer hired by King
- Val Peter, President and director of Boys Town
- Rue Fox, Former Boys Town student who was exploited by King
- Troy Bonner, Former victim exploited by King
- Nikolai Cayman, Former Boys Town student exploited by King

PRODUCTION TEAM

Nick Bryant
Nick Bryant's writing has recurrently focused on the plight of disadvantaged children in the United States, and he's been published in numerous national journals, including the Journal of Professional Ethics, Journal of Applied Developmental Psychology, Journal of Social Distress and Homelessness, Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved, and Journal of School Health. He is the co-author of America's Children: Triumph of Tragedy, addressing the medical and developmental problems of lower socioeconomic children in America.

RUMUR Inc
RUMUR is an award winning multimedia studio based in Brooklyn. Working in all mediums and using a broad scope of technologies, we offer a comprehensive suite of services, ranging from creative consulting to web development, motion picture production, digital distribution and marketing. Partners David Beilinson, Suki Hawley and Michael Galinsky bring a extensive array of skills and a tireless commitment to creating excellent and innovative work, regardless of medium.
