Learn essentials of rigging and establish a solid foundation. Learn flexible rigging methods, several rigging and character setup tools, and the essentials of building animator-friendly controls with 3ds Max. Contains over 3 hours of project-based training.

Popular highlights include: Reference Coordinate System; Choosing an Axis Order for Control Objects; Custom Toolbars; Customizing Quad Menus; Layers; Expressions; Wired Parameters; Forward Kinematics vs. Inverse Kinematics; List Controllers; Position Constraint; LookAt Constraint; Orientation Constraint; Link Constraint; Control Objects; Control Object Reservoir; Bone Tools; Mirroring Bones; Scaling Bones; The IK Solvers of Max; Creating an FK Spline Rig; IK FK Snapping; Skin Modifier; Morpher Modifier; Skin Morph Modifier; Skin Wrap Modifier; Rigging Techniques; Custom Parameters; Smooth and Rigid Skinning; Painting Weights; Weight Tool and Weight Table; Mirroring Envelopes; Exporting Envelopes; Angle Deformers; Quick and Easy Muscles with Bones; Selection Sets;

1. Introduction

2. Establishing naming conventions 

3. Linking objects to create parent/child hierarchies 

4. Creating bones in Max 

5. Editing bones in Max 

6. Working with a bone's fin adjustment tools 

7. Utilizing the HI IK and Limb IK Solver
 
8. Rigging with the Spline IK Solver and creating IK Solvers 

9. Building bones for the leg and connecting an IK Solver 

10. Setting up control objects in the leg rig 

11. Working with Max's Position and Orientation Constraint

12. Utilizing the LookAt Constraint 

13. Rigging with the Link Constraint to avoid bone skewing

14. Rigging with Groups 15. Customizing Max's user interface

16. Wiring Parameters to control parameter values

17. Working with Expressions

18. Choosing a suitable Axis Order for control objects 

19. Using Layers to organize your scene

20. Deforming a mesh with bones via the Skin modifier 

21. Fine-tuning envelope deformations with the Weight Table

22. Editing envelopes with the Paint Weights Tool 

23. Mirroring weights to save time

24. Exporting and importing envelope data 

25. Using Max's Bulge Angle Deformer to correct deformations

26. Exploring the Skin Morph modifier 

27. Rigging for lip-sync animation with the Morpher modifier

28. Controlling mesh deformations with the Skin Wrap modifier 

29. Bonus: Working with Selection Sets

30. Bonus: Creating quick and easy muscles with bones 

31. Bonus: Attaching the muscle to the characte

32. Bonus: Setting up the bones for the FK Spline rig 

33. Bonus: Adding controls to the spline rig 

34. Bonus: Controlling the twisting of the FK Spline rig 

35. Bonus: Finalizing the twist distribution of the FK Spline rig 

BY DAYSLEEPER
KrizardMOZierra@hotmail.com