Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Some lyrics in this video are censored.


"American Bad Ass" is a heavy metal song from American musician Kid Rock, released from his 2000 album The History of Rock. "American Bad Ass" uses the instrumental structure of Metallica's "Sad But True" The song was a victory lap for Devil Without A Cause's success. He also gave nods to his musical heroes including: AC/DC, ZZ Top, Hank Williams, Jr., Beastie Boys, Run-DMC, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Bob Seger, Limp Bizkit, Korn, The Rolling Stones, David Allan Coe, George Jones, Johnny Cash, The Clash, and Grandmaster Flash. The music video for the single aired on MTV2 upon release, and the song was performed on Saturday Night Live.

After the bombing of the USS Cole in October 2000, the song was played on the ship's PA system upon leaving the port of Yemen after the national anthem and other patriotic songs were played.

The song was also featured in some ads for the 2009 film G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. Specifically, the 5th official TV Spot which is aptly titled "American Badass". 

The History of Rock is a rock album released by Kid Rock in 2000, as the unofficial follow up to Devil Without a Cause (in the album's liner notes, Rock says to "look for the follow up to Devil Without a Cause in 2001"). After acquiring the rights to his Indie-label recordings, Rock decided to release a compilation of older material. The album contains the best material from the albums The Polyfuze Method (the liner notes say Rock re-recorded the songs from this album cause he couldn't find the master recordings) and Early Morning Stoned Pimp (the liner notes say the songs from this album were "remixed and touched up" to show how they would've sounded if Rock had the money to do so back in the day), as well as three previously unreleased songs from those album sessions ("Born 2 Be a Hick" from the Polyfuze sessions in 1992, "Dark and Grey" and "Abortion" from the EMSP sessions in 1994). 

"American Bad Ass" was the only released single from the album. It would peak at No 20 on mainstream rock and No 33 on modern rock charts. It would chart at No 25 in the U.K.,No 26 in Germany and No 81 in Denmark.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

