Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 16
Episode Name: Home
Original Air Date on TV: April 27, 2010


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

In preparation for an interview with Splits Magazine, cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) demands that new cheerleader Mercedes Jones lose 10 lb in a week. She reserves the school auditorium for cheer practice, so glee club director Will Schuester has to find the club a new rehearsal space. He visits a local roller rink where he finds former glee club member April Rhodes, who tells him that she is the mistress of the wealthy eighty-year old[1] tycoon who owns the rink. Upon learning that Will is looking to sublet his apartment, April invites herself to visit. After spending the night sharing a bed, Will forbids April from staying over again and tells her she is worth more than being a mistress. April says she will break up with her tycoon.

Mercedes struggles to eat healthfully and her mid-week weigh-in shows that she has gained 2 lb. She begins extreme dieting and faints in the school cafeteria. Former cheerleading captain Quinn Fabray (Dianna Agron) sympathizes with Mercedes, commending her for being so comfortable in her own body and advising her not to let being a cheerleader detract from that. Though Mercedes is embarrassed, Quinn tells her that she is beautiful. On the day of the pep rally, Mercedes abandons the planned routine to sing \"Beautiful\". The journalist from Splits Magazine assumes that Sue engineered the performance and expresses his admiration for her, promising her positive publicity from his article.

Glee club member Kurt Hummel sets up his widowed father Burt (Mike O\'Malley) with Finn\'s widowed mother Carole (Romy Rosemont). He believes that it will help him become closer to Finn, for whom he has feelings. Finn is upset when Carole sells their old furniture, and stops his late father\'s recliner from being sold. He is initially hostile to her dating someone new, but begins to bond with Burt over sports at a group dinner. Kurt feels left out, and later asks Finn to help him break up their parents. Finn initially agrees, but relents after Burt tells him that he loves Carole and would never hurt her. They watch a basketball game together and Finn allows Burt to sit in his father\'s recliner, while Kurt watches on sadly through the window.

When April attempts to break up with her tycoon, he has a stroke and dies. His wife gives April $2 million in hush money, and April uses some of it to buy the auditorium for the glee club. She plans to go to Broadway to launch the first all-white production of The Wiz. The episode ends with April and the glee club performing \"Home\" from The Wiz.

I Will Be Uploading All Glee Episodes As Single Files Then All Together (:
I Will Also Be Uploading All Albums To Each Season (:

Enjoy (: & Please Seed 

Thanks

- [Np]
