Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


With each notes she sings, lyric she writes or piano key she strikes, songstress K. Michelle speaks her mind and makes no apologies for it. Taking a vow to stay true to herself, K. Michelle understands that part of being a noteworthy new artist isn't just possessing talent but having something to say. "I'm the biggest advocate of being yourself," says Michelle, who considers music to be her therapy. "People can believe in you all day long, but if you don't bring it to light or nourish it, it doesn't matter."

Each song she writes is a soundtrack to a life that started in Memphis, TN. A life that lead to the title of her debut album, Pain Medicine, which will be released this Fall on Jive Records. "Everything that I do is in this album," says Michelle. "I sing about what I'm going through at the moment. For example, I don't have any love songs on the album because I'm not in love right now." K. Michelle doesn't take for granted the opportunity she has to show the world who she really is—a fighter, a single mother, a true musician. "[Pain Medicine] is my story. If I have this platform it has to be my story."

The decision to become a singer/songwriter wasn't an easy one for K. Michelle. Although she earned a musical scholarship to attend Florida A&M University, she eventually switched her major to Biology and toyed with becoming a nurse. "I didn't want to major in music," says the 24 year old. However, she never stopped singing. "My whole time at college I played the piano and sang. I even won Miss FAMU." However, it wasn't until she graduated college that she decided to make music her main focus. For several months she toured Asia as a singer with Memphis orchestra Sound Fuzion. Upon her return to Memphis, she took an office job. That didn't last long. "I got a job in sales. I sat in a cubicle all day. I'd walk around the office singing. That's when I realized that was not the life for me." Michelle created a Myspace page and within a week caught the attention of a production company in Atlanta. Seeing this as her big break, she moved to Atlanta with the goal of securing a record deal. But that didn't happen for another two years.

Thanks to a chance run in with ERIKA WRIGHT, Michelle got the big break she needed. During a trip to Jive's New York offices. K. Michelle wowed Jive executives and received a deal. "God knew I needed a label that could understand me. "Memphis is a rough city. I thank the city, because it toughened me so much." It's that toughness that pours out in her debut album Pain Medicine. On it, K. Michelle writes and co-produces every track, making her album very personal. "I can't fake music. I sing about what I'm going through at that moment." The album's buzz single "Self Made" has turned into a surprise hit, striking a chord with women thanks to its call for self-empowerment.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/