File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s 
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Crazy Nights is the 14th album by American hard rock band Kiss. It was the fourth Kiss album in a row to achieve platinum status. The album peaked at #18 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart,  making Crazy Nights the highest-charting Kiss album of the 1980s in the United States.

The album was certified Platinum on February 18, 1988, when it sold 1,000,000 copies. It was re-released in 1998 as part of the Kiss Remasters series, and to date is the last Kiss album to have been remastered.

"Crazy Crazy Nights" and "Reason to Live" were played regularly on live shows until Eric Carr's death in 1991. Otherwise, the album has not been performed live ever since.

Kiss released, in order, "Crazy, Crazy Nights", "Reason to Live", and "Turn on the Night" as singles. All three songs had corresponding music videos which received heavy rotation on MTV, and were also featured on the "Crazy Nights Home Video."

Kiss (styled KISS in capitals) is an American rock band formed in New York City in December 1972. Easily identified by its members' face paint and flamboyant stage outfits, the group rose to prominence in the mid to late 1970s on the basis of their elaborate live performances, which featured fire breathing, blood spitting, smoking guitars, and pyrotechnics. Kiss has been awarded 24 gold albums to date. The band has sold over 19 million records in the United States and their worldwide sales exceeded 100 million albums.

The lineup of Paul Stanley (vocals and rhythm guitar), Gene Simmons (vocals and bass guitar), Ace Frehley (lead guitar and vocals), and Peter Criss (drums, percussion and vocals) is the most successful and identifiable. With their makeup and costumes, they took on the personae of comic book-style characters: The Demon (Simmons), Starchild (Stanley), Spaceman (Frehley), and Catman (Criss). The band explains that the fans were the ones who ultimately chose their makeup designs. The "Demon" makeup reflected Simmons's cynicism and dark elements, as well as his love for comic books. Paul Stanley became the "Starchild" because of his tendency to be referred to as the "starry-eyed lover" and "hopeless romantic." Ace Frehley's "Spaceman" makeup was a reflection of him wanting to go for a ride in a space ship and supposedly being from another planet. Peter Criss's "Catman" makeup was in accordance with the belief that Criss had nine lives because of his rough childhood in Brooklyn. Because of creative differences, both Criss and Frehley were out of the group by 1982. The band's commercial fortunes had also waned considerably by that point.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

