Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Bif Naked - We're Not Gonna Take It (Soundtrack: Ready to Rumble)(2nafish)


Note: This video is a "Movies & Music" video so it has 2 logos.


"We're Not Gonna Take It" is a 1984 hit song by the American glam metal/heavy metal band Twisted Sister from their album Stay Hungry. The song was first released as a single (With B-Side song "You Can't Stop Rock & Roll") on April 27, 1984. The Stay Hungry album was released two weeks later, on May 10, 1984. The single reached #21 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, making it Twisted Sister's only Top 40 single. The song was ranked #47 on 100 Greatest 80's Songs and #21 on VH1's 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the 80s (coincidentally, it also charted at #21 on the Billboard Hot 100) .

Bif Naked (born Beth Torbert; June 15, 1971) is a Juno Award-winning, multi-platinum record selling, American-Canadian rock singer-songwriter, poet, cartoonist, and actress.

Prior to her solo career, Torbert played with punk bands Gorilla Gorilla and Chrome Dog. She has toured Europe, the United States, and Canada as a headlining act, and has performed on bills with Snoop Dogg, Billy Idol, Dido, Sarah McLachlan, Sheryl Crow, Chrissie Hynde, the Foo Fighters, the Cult and many more. She recorded a version of "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" for the MTV: TRL Christmas CD. She was also featured on the Ready to Rumble soundtrack with a cover of Twisted Sister's "We're Not Gonna Take It", the Celebrity Deathmatch soundtrack with "Vampire", and Buffy the Vampire Slayer's soundtrack with "Lucky". 

Bif Naked has also made guest appearances with artists such as SNFU on the songs "One Last Loveshove" and "You Make Me Thick". She also appeared on the Dead Celebrity Status album Blood Music on the track titled "In This Day And Age".

Solo albums include Bif Naked, a self-titled album, Purge, and I Bificus. In 2005, after narrowing it down from over 50 songs, she released Superbeautifulmonster with 13 tracks. The Promise was released in 2009 and was dedicated to her fans. Bif recorded the album during her chemotherapy treatment for breast cancer.

She was in Moist's music video for the song "Believe Me" and "Silver" and Liveonrelease's "Get with it". She also appears briefly in Simple Plan's music video, "Save You" near the end of the video along with other people (such as Sharon Osborne and René Angélil) who have been treated for cancer.

Ready to Rumble is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and written by Steven Brill, which is based on Turner Broadcasting's now defunct professional wrestling promotion, World Championship Wrestling. The movie draws its title from Michael Buffer's trademarked catchphrase, "Let's get ready to rumble!" The movie was talent licensed by World Championship Wrestling.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

