Hordes Of The Things - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 7 via DVB-T
4 x 30 minutes - 128k - MP3 - Slimoo


Hordes of the Things is a 1980 BBC radio comedy series parodying J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, and the fantasy genre in general, in a style similar to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. It was written by "A. P. R. Marshall and J. H. W. Lloyd" (Andrew Marshall and John Lloyd) and produced by Geoffrey Perkins


The kingdom of Albion is under threat from The Evil One. The elves have trusted the kingdom with a mystic device (the number seven) and have entrusted a wizard by the name of Radox The Green to find a hero to save the land, in the shape of Agar Son of Athar.

www.comedy.org.uk Review: Quote:An interesting series that was created around the time that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was broadcast. It contains some good ideas but the series has, these days, been largely forgotten.



 
http://www.comedy.org.uk/guide/radio/hordes_of_the_things/episodes/


Cast:
Frank Middlemass
Paul Eddington
Simon Callow
Maggie Steed
Jonathan Lynn
Christian Rodska



Hordes Of The Things - S01 - E01 - The First Chronicle
Hordes Of The Things - S01 - E02 - The Second Chronicle
Hordes Of The Things - S01 - E03 - The Third Chronicle
Hordes Of The Things - S01 - E04 - The Fourth Chornicle



Audio Format : MP3
Duration Approx : 28mn 54s
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits



[b]
A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them.

There is little point in downloading a "Torrent" and then recreating a "Torrent" using the same files.

The fact there was a torrent for you to download is clear you don't need to use the files to make another exactly the same version,

All you will do is split seeders over 2 torrents with the "same" files and make both have less seeders.



[/b]
