 http://img826.imageshack.us/img826/976/movavi10.jpg

Movavi Video Converter Key Features:

    * Get video & audio in the format you need
    * Convert media for mobile devices
    * Edit video, improve video quality
    * Save time with high-performance video converting technologies
    * Work quickly and efficiently

Media File Conversion

Extensive Media Format Support
Video Converter supports more than 170 video, audio, and image formats.


High Definition Video Support
Converts to and from high definition video formats.

Rip Video from DVDs*
Our video file converter rips video from unencrypted DVDs and converts into any media format. It features quality loss transference of multichannel audio from DVD when you rip video and convert to AVI format.

Movavi offers accelerated DVD conversion with CUDA-enabled GPU — rip video and convert files from DVD to iPod at 8x the speed!

Soundtrack Extraction
Save soundtracks from video & DVD.

Frame Capture Feature
Use our video format converter to save movie frames into image files.

NEW! Automatic Bitrate Selection
When you convert video to MPEG-4, MPEG 1-2, H.264, WMV, or FLV (with H.264 codec) with the same input and output video parameters, you can activate Automatic Bitrate. This feature ensures the best balance between size and quality for the converted video by automatically selecting the optimum bitrate values. If you're not sure which bitrate is the best, just choose "Auto" bitrate in the Settings window.

Format Settings Adjustment
Advanced users are sure to appreciate the manual adjustment of such parameters of output media file as bitrate, aspect ratio, etc.

Customizable Target Quality & File Size
Our video file converter lets you set the quality and size of the output file.

Conversion for Mobile Devices

Support for Mobile Devices
Movavi Video Converter software gives you support for the newest, most bleeding-edge portable devices.

Ready-made Presets for Mobile Devices
Rip video or other media and convert it into the format supported by a particular mobile device. Just choose the right preset from the huge variety offered by this video converter software.

Easily Import Files to iTunes
Not just great for video converting, the Movavi Video Converter software lets you import converted media to iTunes when you rip video or audio.

Import Files to PSP
Import converted media to PSP right inside the video file converter.

Video Editing Tools

Automatic Splitting
Movavi's video format converter includes two splitting modes: size and duration. Split files into smaller sized files for smooth playing on mobile devices, split large files into parts for burning to DVD.

Video Adjustment
Tweak your video with easy-to-use editing video tools: crop, rotate, add watermark, automatically enhance the video quality by adjusting the brightness/contrast and using artistic effects.

Professional Deblocking and Deinterlacing Filters
Not just great for video converting, our video file converter lets you fix two of the most common video problems with these professional filters.

Fast, Efficient Video Conversion

Support for NVIDIA® CUDA™
Our video format converter supports NVIDIA CUDA which accelerates video decoding/encoding with CUDA-enabled GPU by up to 8x!

NEW! Multi-GPU Technology
Movavi has implemented multi-GPU technology, resulting in a boost to conversion efficiency on PCs with two or more CUDA-enabled GPUs. Now, when you choose a CUDA-powered preset on a PC with two CUDA-enabled GPUs, Movavi software can convert two videos at a time.

Support for Multi-core Processors
The video conversion speed gain on PCs with AMD or Intel multi-core processors equates approximately to the number of processor cores: convert video up to 2, 4, even 8 times faster! Enjoy simultaneous conversion of multiple media files.

Batch File Conversion
Convert video files and DVDs in batches. The video converter software lets you set the output formats for each file or you can convert all files to one format at once.

Multi-format Conversion
Movavi's video format converter lets you convert one media file into different formats at once. To define a format, or special format settings for multiple copies of one video file, just use the 'Duplicate' button.

Time-Savers and Ease of Use

NEW! Integration with Windows Explorer
Convert videos right from the Windows Explorer: right-click on a media file and choose "Movavi — Convert to" from the drop-down menu.

Video Format Converter Presets
Movavi's video format converter features diverse ready-made presets for a wide range of popular media formats.

NEW! Graphic Logos for Presets
Movavi software is now even more user friendly: now you can instantly choose the right preset for your mobile device, just by checking the preset icon — they all show the devices now! In addition, you can also tell which presets leverage CUDA technology — and which don't — by CUDA logos.

NEW! Pause/Resume Conversion Controls
Pause conversion if you have to complete something on your PC for which you need all the CPU cycles. Just leave the program open and return to it to resume the conversion whenever you're ready.

Shut Down/Hibernate Options
This option lets the Movavi Video Converter software convert your videos while you sleep. Just specify what the program should do when the video converting process is complete: shut down or go into hibernation. 

For more info go to http://www.movavi.com/videoconverter/features.html
___________________________

Install the application. Copy cracked files from crack folder to the installation directory overwriting existing ones. Run the application by double clicking icon. If the application fails to start or gives error message, go to installation directory, right click videoconverter.exe (the cracked one - right ?) file and from properties, set its compatibility mode for windows 2000. Click apply and rerun the application. Thats it.

Enjoy.

Laila