Playboy's Little Annie Fanny
** Volumes 1 & 2 **


Publisher:
Dark Horse

Publication Dates:
Vol. 1 - December 06, 2000
Vol. 2 - November 07, 2001 
http://images.tfaw.com/covers/400/l/laf1.jpg
http://images.tfaw.com/covers/400/l/laf2.jpg




Description:

Dark Horse Comics and Playboy Enterprises are proud 
to present for the first time ever the more than 
400 pages of the late, great Harvey Kurtzman's Little 
Annie Fanny, collected in two deluxe volumes. Kurtzman, 
creator of Mad magazine and godfather of underground 
comix, teamed with longtime E.C. Comics collaborator 
Will Elder (and sometimes Frank Frazetta, Russ Heath, 
and Jack Davis!) to create a Playboy icon second 
only to the bunny and a risqué comics icon second 
to none! Each volume showcases over 200 pages of 
stunningly rendered stories from the sexy strip's 
25-year run. Trend setting in its use of color, 
irreverent in its satirical look at the changing 
face of America, and a masterpiece of technique, 
this definitive collection of one of world's most 
controversial comic strips is long overdue. 


The first volume takes us through the swinging 
Sixties with the Beatles, Civil Rights, and the 
beginning of the Sexual Revolution. Also included, 
a detailed behind-the-scenes look at the strip's 
creative process, featuring never-before-seen 
art and preliminary drawings!


Dark Horse concludes its complete reprinting of 
Playboy's legendary Little Annie Fanny strip, 
with an even bigger second volume. Picking 
up where the first volume left off, this collection 
follows the strip through to its end in 1988. 
Ralph Nader, the women's movement, Star Wars, 
and Arnold Schwarzenegger all fall victim to 
the merciless and masterful satire of Kurtzman 
and Elder. The first volume was a smash hit, and the 
second includes all the same goodies, with 
never-before-seen production art and behind-the-
scenes info about Hefner, Kurtzman, Elder, and the 
host of cartoonists who contributed to this 
revolutionary comic.



Comic Book Readers:

Windows:  CDisplay, CDisplayEX, MangaMeeya, ComicRack, Comical
Windows Mobile:  Comic Reader Mobile
Mac:  FFView, Jomic, KComic, Pyzam, Comical
iPhone/iPod:  ComicZeal
Linux:  Comix, Comical



Special Thanks to all Scanners & Uploaders!


Brought to you by SBM..
