Britney Amber - Britney Loves Yogurt In Her Mouth And Dripping Out Her Pussy (2010) [HD 720p]
 
http://www.bangbros.com/t2/pps=bbonet/profiles?m=Britney-Amber1 
http://www.bangbros.com/t2/pps=bbonet/intro?s=btcp6786

Name: Britney Amber 
Body type: Athletic
Pussy hair: Bald/shaven
Hair color: Blonde
Tit type: Enhanced
Pussy type: Innie
Tit size: Large Tits
Ass: Small Ass
Ethnicity: White

Summary 
Britney Amber was born as an all American hottie. She sports a 5'5, 114lbs, slim frame. Britney is a newcomer to the industry; she appeared on the porn scene in 2008, and since then she has amassed only three titles but her filmography does not include some of the internet shoots she has done. A gorgeous girl with a very cute and sexy face that showcases, radiant eyes, full supple lips, and a gentle oval face, Britney is an official beauty. Britney has firm flat abs, big bobs, and a very adventurous spirit that once led her to have sex with a lover in a viewing booth at a porn shop. She is stunning, and her ass is stunning as well. Britney is an upcoming talent we hope to see more of


Video Title: Britney Loves Yogurt In Her Mouth and Dripping Out her Pussy 
Added: April 18, 2010 
Rating: 7.67 (35 votes) 
Website: bigtitcreampie 
Movie: Play Trailer 
Models in update: Britney Amber 
Tags: Hardcore Handjob Creampie Blowjob Anal Enhanced Tits Blonde White Pornstar Tittyfuck  

Fuck this chick is smoking hot, Britney Amber is flawless, this girl defines perfection. Her face is beautiful her body gorgeous her tits amazing. She is a show stopper, her tits are so perfect and perky and have just the right amount of bounce in them. Mike almost couldn't wait to get his tongue around her tight little asshole. She tried to swallow Mike's dick but it was a bit of a challenge to get into any of her holes, she was screaming and yelling the sound of pleasure and she was getting fucked. All this hot fucking wouldn't have been complete without some babies dripping down her leg. Enjoy 
 
