PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 592C9661F43CFDB5D625774E5EA7D40FB56D0D2D
File Size: 362.61 MB
Year: 1991
Label: A & M
Catalog #: 75021 5350 2




Please help seed these FLACs! 





From Wiki:


Temple of the Dog was an American rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1990. It was conceived by vocalist Chris Cornell of Soundgarden as a tribute to his friend, the late Andrew Wood, lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone. The line-up included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar, Jeff Ament on bass guitar (both ex-members of Mother Love Bone), Mike McCready on lead guitar, Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder providing lead and backing vocals.

The band released its only album, the self-titled Temple of the Dog, in April 1991 through A&M Records. Although earning praise from music critics at the time of its release, the album was not widely recognized until 1992, when Vedder, Ament, Gossard and McCready had their commercial breakthrough with Pearl Jam.

Temple of the Dog was started by Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell, who was a roommate of Andrew Wood, the lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone.[1] Wood died on March 19, 1990 of a heroin overdose, the day Cornell got back from a tour.[2] As he went on to tour Europe a few days later, he started writing songs in tribute to his late friend.[1] The result was two songs, "Reach Down" and "Say Hello 2 Heaven", that he recorded as soon as he got back from touring.[1]

The recorded material was slow and melodic; much different musically from the aggressive rock music of Soundgarden.[3] That is why Cornell approached Wood's former bandmates, Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament—who were still figuring out how to continue without Mother Love Bone—with the intention of releasing the songs as a single.[2] Ament described the collaboration as "a really good thing at the time" for him and Gossard that put them into a "band situation where we could play and make music."[2] The band's lineup was completed by the addition of Soundgarden (and later Pearl Jam) drummer Matt Cameron and future Pearl Jam lead guitarist Mike McCready. They named themselves Temple of the Dog, a reference to a line in the lyrics of the Mother Love Bone song, "Man of Golden Words".[1]

The band started rehearsing "Reach Down" and "Say Hello 2 Heaven" and other songs that Cornell had written on tour prior to Wood's death, as well as re-working some existing material from demos written by Gossard, Ament, and Cameron.[4] One such demo became a song for two bands; recorded as "Footsteps" by Pearl Jam and as "Times of Trouble" by Temple of the Dog.[5] The idea of doing covers of Wood's solo material also came up, but was abandoned quickly, as they realized it would make people (including Wood's close friends and relatives[1]) think the band was "exploiting his material."[2]

The release of a single was soon deemed a "stupid idea" by Cornell and dropped in favor of an EP or album.[1] The album was recorded in only 15 days, produced by the band themselves.[1] Gossard described the recording process as a "non-pressure filled" situation, as there were no expectations or pressure coming from the record company.[2] Eddie Vedder, who had flown from San Diego, California to Seattle, Washington to audition to be the singer of Mookie Blaylock (which eventually became Pearl Jam), ended up providing backing vocals.[6] "Hunger Strike" (  sample (help•info)) became a duet between Cornell and Vedder. Cornell was having trouble with the vocals at practice, when Vedder stepped in. Cornell later said "he sang half of that song not even knowing that I'd wanted the part to be there and he sang it exactly the way I was thinking about doing it, just instinctively."[2] Many fans however, feel that Chris Cornell’s powerful and melodic vocals on the Temple of the Dog album are some of the best of his recording career.[citation needed]

Temple of the Dog was released on April 16, 1991 through A&M Records and initially sold 70,000 copies in the United States.[4] Ament recalled that they requested a Pearl Jam sticker on the cover—as they had just picked their new name—because "it'll be a good thing for us," but they were refused.[4] The album received favorable reviews,[7] but failed to chart. Critic Steve Huey of Allmusic later rated the album with four and a half stars out of five, stating that the "record sounds like a bridge between Mother Love Bone's theatrical '70s-rock updates and Pearl Jam's hard-rocking seriousness."[8] David Fricke of Rolling Stone also wrote in retrospect that the album "deserves immortality."[9] The band members were pleased with the material, as it achieved its purpose; Cornell believed that "Andy really would have liked" the songs,[2] and Gossard also asserted that he thought Wood would be "blown away by the whole thing."[1] Soon after the album's release, Soundgarden and Pearl Jam embarked on recording their next albums, and the Temple of the Dog project was brought to a close.

In the summer of 1992, the album received new attention. Although it had been released more than a year earlier, A&M Records realized that they had in their catalog what was essentially a collaboration between Soundgarden and Pearl Jam, who had both risen to mainstream attention in the months since the album's release with their respective albums, Badmotorfinger and Ten. A&M decided to reissue the album and promote "Hunger Strike" as a single, with an accompanying music video. The attention allowed both the album and single to chart on Billboard, and resulted in a boost in album sales. The album was among the 100 top selling albums of 1992.[10] Temple of the Dog ended up selling more than a million copies, achieving platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America.[11]

Ament, Cameron, Cornell, and McCready later reunited under the name M.A.C.C. to record a cover of Jimi Hendrix's "Hey Baby (Land of the New Rising Sun)" for the 1993 tribute album, Stone Free: A Tribute to Jimi Hendrix. In a 2007 interview with Ultimate Guitar Archive, Cornell stated he would be open for a Temple of the Dog reunion, or "some collaboration with any combination of those guys."[6] He also revealed that Temple of the Dog was the reason he joined Audioslave, as the experience made him "keep an open mind" about collaborations with musicians from other bands

The only time Temple of the Dog played a full one hour set was while rehearsing and writing the material for the album. The band (with the exception of Vedder) performed in Seattle at the Off Ramp Café on November 13, 1990.[12] In the time since the album's release, the band reformed for short live performances on four occasions where both Soundgarden and Pearl Jam were performing. Temple of the Dog performed "Hunger Strike" on October 3, 1991 at the Foundations Forum in Los Angeles, California[12]; a three-song set on October 6, 1991 at the Hollywood Palladium in Hollywood for the RIP Magazine 5th anniversary party[13] (Temple of the Dog played after secret headlining act Spinal Tap[14]); and "Hunger Strike" on both August 14, 1992 at Lake Fairfax Park in Reston, Virginia and September 13, 1992 at Irvine Meadows Amphitheater in Irvine, California (both shows were part of the Lollapalooza festival series in 1992).[15] The band also played "Reach Down" on the latter occasion.[15]

At a Pearl Jam show at the Santa Barbara Bowl in Santa Barbara, California on October 28, 2003, Cornell joined the band on-stage effectively reuniting Temple of the Dog (Cameron had been the drummer for Pearl Jam since 1998) for renditions of "Hunger Strike" and "Reach Down".[16] The version of "Reach Down" recorded that night later appeared on Pearl Jam's 2003 fan club Christmas single. Pearl Jam has also been known to perform "Hunger Strike" live without Cornell on rare occasions.[17][18]

Cornell's post-Soundgarden band, Audioslave, added "All Night Thing", "Call Me a Dog", and "Hunger Strike" to its live set in 2005.[19] Additionally, Cornell has added the aforementioned songs, plus "Pushin Forward Back", "Reach Down", and "Say Hello 2 Heaven", to his solo live set.[20][21][22]

On October 6, 2009, Cornell joined Pearl Jam onstage to perform "Hunger Strike" in Los Angeles, collectively reuniting Temple of the Dog once again.









Temple of the Dog 1991


Temple of the Dog is the only studio album by the American rock band Temple of the Dog, released on April 16, 1991 through A&M Records. The album is a tribute to Andrew Wood, the former lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone. Wood died on March 19, 1990 of a heroin overdose. The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA in the United States.

Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell, who had been Mother Love Bone vocalist Andrew Wood's roommate, approached former Mother Love Bone members Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament about working on material he had written when he was on tour with Soundgarden in Europe.[4] The line-up eventually included Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron and newcomers Mike McCready (lead guitar) and Eddie Vedder (background vocals). McCready and Vedder were featured on the album due to their involvement with Ament and Gossard's next project, which became Pearl Jam.

The recording sessions took place from November 1990 to December 1990 at London Bridge Studios, in Seattle, Washington. The album was recorded in only 15 days.[4] The group worked with producer Rick Parashar. Two songs on the album, "Reach Down" and "Say Hello 2 Heaven", were written in response to Wood's death, while other songs on the album were written by Cornell on tour prior to Wood's death or re-worked from existing material from demos written by Gossard and Ament.[5]

Ament described the collaboration as "a really good thing at the time" for him and Gossard that put them into a "band situation where we could play and make music."[6] Gossard described the recording process as a "non-pressure filled" situation, as there were no expectations or pressure coming from the record company.[6] Gossard later said it was "the easiest and most beautiful record, that we've ever been involved with."[7]

This was the first recording studio experience for McCready and Vedder. Regarding McCready, Cornell said, "You almost kind of had to yell at him to get him to realize that in the five-and-a-half minute solo of "Reach Down", that was his time and that he wasn't going to be stepping on anybody else."[8] The song "Hunger Strike" became a duet between Cornell and Vedder. Cornell was having trouble with the vocals at practice, when Vedder stepped in. Cornell later said "he sang half of that song not even knowing that I'd wanted the part to be there and he sang it exactly the way I was thinking about doing it, just instinctively."[6]

The recorded material was slow and melodic; much different musically from the aggressive rock music Cornell had been doing with Soundgarden.[9] The songs bare the street-rock flavor of Mother Love Bone's music. Steve Huey of Allmusic said that the "record sounds like a bridge between Mother Love Bone's theatrical '70s-rock updates and Pearl Jam's hard-rocking seriousness...Keeping in mind that Soundgarden's previous album was the overblown metallic miasma of Louder Than Love, the accessibly warm, relatively clean sound of Temple of the Dog is somewhat shocking, and its mellower moments are minor revelations in terms of Cornell's songwriting abilities."[1]

All of the lyrics on the album were written solely by Cornell. "Say Hello 2 Heaven" and "Reach Down" were written by Cornell in direct response to Andrew Wood's death.[4] Lyrically, the rest of the songs on the album cover a variety of topics. Cornell stated that the lyrics for "Hunger Strike" express "somewhat of a political, socialist statement."[10]

Temple of the Dog was released on April 16, 1991 through A&M Records and initially sold 70,000 copies in the United States. The album received favorable reviews,[11] but failed to chart. In the summer of 1992, the album received new attention. Although it had been released more than a year earlier, A&M Records realized that they had in their catalog what was essentially a collaboration between Soundgarden and Pearl Jam, who had both risen to mainstream attention in the months since the album's release with their respective albums, Badmotorfinger and Ten. A&M decided to reissue the album and promote "Hunger Strike" as a single, with an accompanying music video. The attention allowed both the album and single to chart on the Billboard 200 album chart, and resulted in a boost in album sales.[12] Temple of the Dog was among the 100 top selling albums of 1992.[13] Temple of the Dog has sold over 1,000,000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan, and has been certified platinum by the RIAA.[14]

Allmusic staff writer Steve Huey gave the album four and a half out of five stars, saying, "The album's strength is its mournful, elegiac ballads, but thanks to the band's spontaneous creative energy and appropriately warm sound, it's permeated by a definite, life-affirming aura."[1] Rolling Stone staff writer David Fricke gave Temple of the Dog four out of five stars, saying, "For "Hunger Strike" and "Reach Down" alone, Temple of the Dog deserves immortality; those songs are proof that the angst that defined Seattle rock in the 1990s was not cheap sentiment, at least in the beginning. And you can't help but love the irony of an album, made in great sadness, kick-starting the last great pop mutiny of the twentieth century."[3] David Browne of Entertainment Weekly gave the album a B+. Browne said, "Maybe because the musicians avoid the often-labored anthems they play with their own bands, the songs sound relaxed and airy without losing any of the crunch or drive of the best arena rock." He ended by stating, "Singer Chris Cornell's lyrics remain as annoyingly oblique as they are with Soundgarden, but don't worry. Just sit back and revel in the whomping guitars of Mike McCready and Love Bone member Stone Gossard as they mesh with the imaginative pummeling of Soundgarden drummer Matt Cameron—the untamed side of the much-hyped Seattle sound, in all its wailing glory."[2]

Temple of the Dog included the singles "Hunger Strike", "Say Hello 2 Heaven", and "Pushin Forward Back". The lead single "Hunger Strike" was the most successful song from Temple of the Dog on the rock charts, reaching number four on the Mainstream Rock charts and number seven on the Modern Rock charts. "Say Hello 2 Heaven" also charted on the Mainstream Rock charts.

The album's cover art features a black and white picture of the band. The name "Temple of the Dog" is a reference to a line in the lyrics of the Mother Love Bone song, "Man of Golden Words".[4] The lyric from which the name derives is "Seems I've been living in the temple of the dog."


Tracks: 

1.	"Say Hello 2 Heaven"  
2.	"Reach Down"  
3.	"Hunger Strike"  
4.	"Pushin Forward Back"  
5.	"Call Me a Dog"  
6.	"Times of Trouble"  
7.	"Wooden Jesus"  
8.	"Your Saviour"  
9.	"Four Walled World"  
10.	"All Night Thing" 




Enjoy :)
