Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"She's All I Ever Had" is the second single taken from the multiplatinum first English language album by Ricky Martin.

The track was written by Jon Secada, Robi Rosa and George Noriega and produced by Secada and Noriega. According to the review by Billboard.com: "There was no doubt that this delectable anthemic ballad was the one to go with as the second single from Ricky Martin. "Livin' la Vida Loca" certainly fulfilled the hype with a deserved five-week run at the top of The Billboard Hot 100, and this follow-up will do nothing but advance Martin's place not only as the leading pop male vocalist of the day but as a valid phenomenon. "She's All I Ever Had" absolutely succeeds on all levels.

"Lyrically, Martin narrates the tale of a man missing his woman, as he continues to live and breathe for her. Martin's vocal is tender and heartfelt, boasting a versatility that contrasts nicely with "La Vida," while the lush production is savvy and creatively executed."

The video for this single, which Charlotte Ayanna appears in, was directed by Nigel Dick in Los Angeles, California. The track also had a Spanish version titled "Bella" (Beautiful) which peaked at number 1 in the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks and also reached the summit in Mexico. The original English version peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was listed at number 52 on the year-end charts of 1999. The song stalled at number 2 behind TLC's inspiring anthem Unpretty. 

In the Latin Grammy Awards of 2000 the Spanish version of this single, "Bella", received a nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance, which was awarded to "Tu Mirada" by Luis Miguel.

Ricky Martin is the fifth album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin released on Columbia Records subsidiary C2 Records on May 11, 1999. The album has worldwide sales of over 17 million copies. This album is Martin's third which marketed in the United States and is his first album in English. Ricky Martin includes Ricky’s first #1 hit "Livin' la Vida Loca", and "Be Careful (Cuidado Con Mi Corazón)", a duet with Madonna. When Ricky Martin hit the record stores, it sold over 660,000 copies in its first week and debuted at #1. This album became one of the top-selling albums of 1999, and was certified 7 times platinum.

Ricky Martin (born Enrique Martín Morales on December 24, 1971) is a Puerto Rican pop singer and actor who achieved prominence, first as a member of the Latin boyband Menudo, then as a solo artist since 1991.

During his career he has sold more than 60 million albums worldwide. He is the founder of Ricky Martín Foundation (in Spanish Fundación Ricky Martin), a non-profit charity organization.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/