Super Mario Bros Crossover is a flash game that recreates the original Super Mario Bros for Nintendo and allows you to play it as characters from other classic Nintendo games. It is a tribute to classic NES games and anyone that grew up playing Nintendo should enjoy it. 
 
http://www.explodingrabbit.com/games/super-mario-bros-crossover/

Please visit the creators site to support this!

SWF, so need a flash player, or use your browser.

Changes for version 1.1:

Super Mario Bros. Crossover - Version History
Version 1.1 - June 25, 2010 
Added Ryu Hayabusa as a playable character.
Music is now emuated through an NSF player using Game Music Emu.
Optimized game engine to make it run faster (but it will run slower than before due to NSF player).
Options menu added.
Samus can now crouch. Functionality can be turned on or off in options menu.
Simon can now change direction in midair. This can be enabled or disabled in the options menu.
Link can now attack in all four directions.
Mega Man can summon Rush Coil and his jump height has been decreased.
Added difficulty settings to the game: super easy, easy, normal, hard, and extreme
Added a new enemy, Spike Top, to Extreme mode. Spike Top sprites drawn by Jay Squared.
Added the ability to play the whole game as a single character.
Added cheats: level select, water mode, invincible, and infinite lives
Added option to turn off timer.
Added option to mute sfx and music.
Added option to disable left screen scrolling.
Added menu option for quitting the game.
Added "load game" to pause menu.
Added disclaimer to title screen.
Added more music and changed some old music.
Added in better Samus and Simon climbing sprites drawn by Jay Squared and Berserk X 33
Decreased file size through different compression techniques.
Fixed bug about Lakitu and Bowser getting stunned.
Fixed bug that sometimes caused ground to disappear after continuing.
Fixed bug that stopped Mega Man's charge shot and Simon's axes even when they killed Koopas.
Fixed flashing speed of coins and item blocks to match Super Mario Bros.
Added random selection to character select.
Fixed Link's boomerang throw point while in air.
Changed undestructable bricks into coin blocks.
Fixed coin symbol blinking bug on intro levels.
Made projectiles disappear when you touch the flag pole.
Bowser in 8-4 now throws hammers and shoots fireballs.
Firebar collision detection has been changed to match Super Mario Bros. and make them less annoying.
Fixed bug causing Mario to not be able to move while swimming and being pulled into pit.
Mega Man can now cancel slide and can sort of tiptoe.
Made piranha plants come out of pipes faster.
Changed Samus's power up order.
Fixed Mega Man standing sprite.
Fixed bug that messed up game if you touched flag with star power.
Made score remain on game over screen.
Fixed Mega Man disappearing bug in clouds.
Fixed Mega Man sliding bug that sometimes caused him to get stuck.
Fixed Samus bomb jumping bug that caused her to get stuck in walls.
Pressing pause during character select now mutes and unmutes music.
Added bullet reflecting sounds/animations to Mega Man and Samus.
Changed fall speed of mushrooms so that they will hopefully follow the same paths as in Super Mario Bros.
Made the game more awesome.
Did a bunch of other stuff that I can't remember because I don't write stuff down as I do it.