TÍTULO ORIGINAL  	Invictus (The Human Factor)
AÑO 	2009 	
DURACIÓN 	134 min. 	  
PAÍS 	[Estados Unidos] 	  
DIRECTOR 	Clint Eastwood
GUIÓN 	Anthony Peckham (Libro: John Carlin)
MÚSICA 	Kyle Eastwood, Michael Stevens
FOTOGRAFÍA 	Tom Stern
REPARTO 	Morgan Freeman, Matt Damon, Tony Kgoroge, Julian Lewis Jones, Adjoa Andoh, Patrick Mofokeng, Matt Stern, Leleti Khumalo
PRODUCTORA 	Warner Bros. Pictures / Spyglass Entertainment / Malpaso Productions / Revelations Entertainment
WEB OFICIAL http://invictusmovie.warnerbros.com/
PREMIOS 	2009: 2 nominaciones al Oscars: Actor (Freeman), actor secundario (Damon)
2009: 3 nominaciones al Globo de Oro: Director, actor (Freeman), actor sec. (Damon)
GÉNERO 	Drama | Biográfico. Racismo. Deporte. Rugby. Basado en hechos reales
SINOPSIS 	Película basada en el libro de John Carlin "El factor humano" (Playing the enemy: Nelson Mandela and the Game That Changed the World) y ambientada después de que Nelson Mandela saliera de la cárcel y se convirtiera en presidente de Sudáfrica. Poco después, en 1995, el país celebró el campeonato del mundo de rugby, tras años de ser excluidos de las competiciones debido al apartheid. Evento que Mandela (Morgan Freeman) impulsó y utilizó, con la ayuda de la estrella de rugby Francois Pienaar (Matt Damon), como vía para acabar con el odio y la desconfianza existente durante décadas entre la población blanca y negra del país. 

After decades in a Robben Island prison, Nelson Mandela (Morgan Freeman) is released in 1990 and works immediately to bring about the end of apartheid and the initiation of full democratic elections; in such an election, the black majority population can vote. Mandela wins the race for President of South Africa and takes office in 1994. His immediate challenge is "balancing black aspirations with white fears." Racial tensions from the apartheid era have not completely disappeared. This is seen, in part, through Mandela's security team, which consists of both new black and old white officials, who are immediately hostile to each other despite sharing the same job and goal. Nevertheless, one of the white officials remarks later on that he prefers Mandela to F.W. de Klerk, his old boss.

While Mandela attempts to tackle the country's largest problems—including crime and unemployment—he attends a game of the Springboks, the country's rugby union team. Mandela observes that non-whites in the stadium cheer against their home squad, as the Springboks (their history, players, and even their colours) represent prejudice and apartheid in their minds, and remarks that he used to do the same thing on Robben Island. Knowing that South Africa is set to host the 1995 Rugby World Cup in one year's time, Mandela convinces a meeting of the newly-black-dominated South African Sports Committee not to change the Springboks' name and colours. He then arranges a meeting with the captain of the Springboks rugby team, François Pienaar (Matt Damon). Though Mandela does not verbalize his true meaning during their meeting, Pienaar understands the message below the surface: if the Springboks can gain the support of non-white South Africans and succeed in the upcoming World Cup, the country will be unified and inspired. Mandela also shares with Pienaar that a poem, "Invictus", had been inspiring to him during his time in prison, helping him to "stand when all he wanted to do was lie down".

Pienaar and his teammates train, but the players (all but one are white) voice disapproval that they are to be envoys to the poor and public, fearing exhaustion from overwork. Mandela, too, hears disapproval from friends and family. Many more, both white and non-white citizens and politicians, began to express doubts on using sport to unite a nation torn apart by some 50 years of racial tensions. For many non-whites, especially the radicals, the Springboks symbolised white supremacy and they did not want to support their national team. However, both Mandela and Pienaar stand firmly behind their theory that the game can be used to successfully unite the country. As the tournament approaches, Mandela collapses from exhaustion and the Springboks' only non-white player, Chester Williams, is sidelined with a pulled hamstring.

Things begin to change, however, as the players interact with the locals. During the opening games, support for the Springboks begins to grow amongst the non-white population. By the second game Williams is fit once again. Citizens of all races turn out in numbers to show their support for the Springboks. At the suggestion of several security guards, Mandela sports a Springbok jersey with Pienaar's number 6 on it to show his support, and his name is chanted repeatedly by the home crowd during his entrance, a contrast to a previous rugby match scene, in which Mandela is booed by some of the whites in the crowd. As momentum builds, even the security team members become at ease with each other and the black members who disliked the sport eventually began to enthusiastically support their national team alongside their white colleagues.

The Springboks, possessing a sub-par record, were not expected to go very far and are expected to lose in the quarterfinals. They surpass all expectations and make the final, only to face the New Zealand All Blacks—the most successful rugby team in the world, and the favourites to win the World Cup. The All Blacks were at that time considered an invincible team with only the Wallabies from Australia seen as being anywhere near capable of beating them. The All Blacks, with their star Jonah Lomu in devastating form, were expected to easily defeat the Springboks. Prior to the game, the Springbok team is taken on a trip to Robben Island, where Mandela spent nearly 30 years in prison. There, Pienaar is shown Mandela's cell and has a vision of Mandela among the inmates. Later that night Pienaar mentions his amazement that Mandela "could spend thirty years in a tiny cell, and come out ready to forgive the men who put [him] there." Roared on by a large home crowd of both whites and non-whites, Pienaar motivates his team to overcome their doubts and push their bodies to the limits. After ending in a tie, the game goes into extra time, where the Springboks win on a long drop kick from fly-half Joel Stransky (Scott Eastwood) and a score of 15-12. Mandela and Pienaar meet on the field together to celebrate the improbable victory amidst a crowd of some 62,000 fans of all races. Once there, Mandela thanks Pienaar for his service to the nation, but Pienaar insists the President that he deserves the real thanks. In one particular scene, some white police officers celebrate by hoisting a young black boy, who had been lingering near their vehicle to listen to the radio broadcast of the game, onto their shoulders.

IMAGENES
 
http://img694.imageshack.us/img694/1488/humanfactorinvictus.jpg 
http://img441.imageshack.us/img441/1714/20100602220929.png 
http://img337.imageshack.us/img337/7765/20100602221008.png 
http://img526.imageshack.us/img526/6390/20100602221041.png