 http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,587789,00.html

Those Who Don't Know History...

 Something happened during Monday's show. I heard a line from one of the communists that we played on the air that makes the point clearly about what we've been talking about here. I want to play it again:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

JED BRANDT, COMMUNIST: We have to help bring this government down, we have to help destroy this system and that requires increasing the alienation that working class and oppressed people feel. The way change is going to happen in this country is through the destruction of what we call the United States of America.

I'm opposed to white supremacy not because it's white people involved. I am opposed to the system we traditionally call imperialism and the idea that some people have rights and privileges that are not granted to all human beings. And the solution to that problem is called communism and socialism and we should put it in our mouths. We should say it when we say what is your politics? I am a socialist. I demand that we have health care for people and it's not a demand that's negotiable with health insurance companies.

We will take your insurance companies; we will take the farms in this country; we will shut down the military apparatus in this country and I am tired of being told to stuff my anger back in my pants.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

I know it sounds like a joke, but there's an actual communist who says trouble is coming and they're going to take advantage of it.

The thing about my show that the mainstream media has never figured out is the very secret of its success. I don't talk down to you; I've promised that I will never waste your time and in exchange you really listen and pay attention which gives us the ability to talk like adults, not in sound bites. I've been talking to you about the danger of progressives in both parties for some time now, but this communist last night prompted me to share something that I'm working on for an upcoming documentary a little early, because I think you need to know that danger is approaching.

But it requires knowing history and taking ourselves out of the moment to look at this with a longer world view.

On Monday night, I showed you a chart and explained that "left" and "right" are really "up" and "down" and when people call George Bush a fascist, they're really calling him a Nazi. When people hold up a hammer and sickle for Obama, they're saying he's a communist.

How is it that so many of us who voted for Bush in 2004 couldn't see any warning signs of big government and how is it now that Democrats are in the same position now? Maybe it's because we've so demonized the other side that we expect the worst from them or I think maybe it's a combination of self-deception and lack of knowledge of history.

Have you ever heard the phrase: Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it? It's true and I've been warning for the last seven years — starting with President Bush — that we're giving the government too much power.

Remember when we debunked the FEMA camp hoax where George Bush was going to round up everybody. These hoax conspiracies work for about 10 percent of the population who are afraid of big government. I'm not afraid of big government, I just know it's not what our Founders intended and it doesn't work, but I don't think everybody in the government is evil.

You've heard me say before that progressivism is a cancer. It's baby steps. The word progress means you're moving forward, but to what? Some sort of utopia where everyone just somehow behaves? If we were moving in that direction, we'd need less government, right? But the farther we move toward *their* kind of progress, it seems the more man devolves. We only need more government because we have more problems. At some point, the problems will be so big that the government just has to rule it all.

And that's why when President Bush was in office the Democrats started to feel he was getting out of control. They call it fascism. They say that Hitler was on the right — no, go back to the scale — it's total government and anarchy, but I promise you it may not be Nazi, but total government from the right will be fascistic in nature. What everyone on the left is afraid of from the right, is that we will be some Christian zealot state — clinging to our God and guns, a religious zealot jail of sorts.

We already have that example with Islam, in Iran. I don't know why the left isn't afraid of Iran, but they are afraid of that possibility here.

On the left, we have the total government called communism: Castro, Chavez, Stalin, Lenin, Mao, Pol Pot — all fun guys.

But it's not left and right, it's up and down.

It's on one end of the true spectrum of choices we have that starts at anarchy and ends with total government.

We've never been for total government or anarchy. Our Founders started the country after we won the Revolutionary War with the Articles of Confederation. It set up such a limited government that it flew apart. You couldn't do business across state lines and our country was a mess.

Do you know who the first president of the United States was? It was John Hanson, but it was under a different system — one that was too close to anarchy — and it didn't work. It was about to fall apart when in 1785, Congress knew it wasn't working and unbeknownst to them, James Madison and Thomas Jefferson, were working on totally new system of government.

They knew they were never going to get something this radical — a republic — past the states because no one trusted each other. They needed a man everyone could trust to lead them. They needed someone that they all knew would do the right thing even at his own expense. That man was George Washington.

Washington saved the Republic many times, but the time before *this one* was at the end of the war: He had stopped his soldiers from revolting against members of Congress. They weren't going to pay them. Washington stepped in at the last moment and stopped them.

These were Washington's own men who fought and died by his side and who had loved and adored him until that moment. He stopped them from taking any action against Congress and they abandoned him because of it. And when the peace treaty was signed, only 20 soldiers were still at his side to celebrate the hard-fought victory. He wept.

Washington went home to Mt. Vernon, alone without the love and warmth of his men, just their cold respect. Washington didn't want to go back to Philadelphia. His response to serving as the nation's leader was: Have I not given enough for my country already? He finally relented and the old crew of '76 was back again — this time to put together a constitution.

Washington said very little during the convention, but his presence is what held the coalition together. There was no arm twisting, bribery or special deals to labor unions. Yes, they had to make some compromises — slavery of course, the biggest — but they succeeded in creating out of a varied mess of differing cultures and interests; the greatest nation ever devised.

So Washington came; Madison laid out his idea of a Republic; the states said absolutely not — we just broke away from a king and a giant oppressive, corrupt government! See, before communism and fascism there was King Henry VIII, King George, Vlad the Impaler — you name it — oppressive killer governments. But Madison convinced them that the articles didn't have enough control, that they need a little more powerful central government, but that the central government would not impede the states rights. In fact, to make them feel better, he came up with a list of 10 rights to promise what they would not do.

The Bill of Rights was a promise to the states and you that, we as a federal government will never take these rights from you.

This is just the backdrop here of what happened on the show Monday night and while this history has been lost and is important to understand, it's the coming generations that will have to repeat this history if we repeat recent American history.

Which brings me again, to this phrase — let me show you what I played last night:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BRANDT: We have to help bring this government down, we have to help destroy this system and that requires increasing the alienation that working class and oppressed people feel. The way change is going to happen in this country is through the destruction of what we call the United States of America.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Crazy, right? Lunatic fringe.

If I said to you, here are people alive today — many — that can tell you about Madison Square Garden being filled to the rafters by communists — active communists and they almost swept the country — or people in Nazi uniforms — and that the Nazis had a legitimate movement that damn near swept this country — you'd say I was crazy. But both of these radical groups filled Madison Square Garden.