Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Achtung Panzer Kharkov 1943 / Paradox Interactive

RELEASE DATE : 25-02-2010           PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE    : Strategy             DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.



twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

The year is 1943. The Wehrmacht has begun Operation Hawk in an
attempt to capture Kharkov with its steel claws. The SS
Division Totenkopf has moved forward to crush the Soviet tank
forces, but the Red Army has held the line, digging in and
putting up a fierce resistance. In response, German tank
armies have renewed their offensive with Operation Panther,
and Soviet tank crews are now finding themselves severely
outnumbered.

Want to step into the role of a commander in the very heart of
Kharkovs defense? Youll have everything the officers had
back then: tanks, guns, and fearless soldiers. The success of
each opposing force hangs in the balance every day. Your
decisions will determine who wins the Battle of Kharkov.

High replayability and flexible AI: smart AI analyzes the
players tactical movements and chooses the best strategy based
on behavior rather than a script. Scenarios can be replayed
using different tactics, as though playing against a human
opponent

Painstaking reconstruction of Kharko in scope and size

Detailed recreation of weapons, artillery, and vehicles: all
battle characteristics, including missile trajectories and
crew numbers, have been modelled according to archived
military records and WW2 chronicles

Dynamic day, night and weather effects, all of which affect
combat through terrain traversability, battlefield visibility,
hidden force capabilities, and more

Destructible environment: nearly everything can be blasted and
destroyed, from ground terrain to houses and enemy defenses.
All traces of previous battles (shell holes, broken vehicles,
corpses, etc.) remain on the battlefield

Realistic ballistics: bullets and projectiles follow accurate
trajectories. Proper shot longitude, number of frags, and
their range are calculated

Comprehensive vehicle damage system: engine, suspension,
weapons, and aiming mechanisms can all be damaged separately,
affecting the combat capabilities of the vehicle

Real soldier behavior: every soldier has several basic
parameters, such as experience level, fatigue, and morale,
which affect their behavior and effectiveness

Military encyclopedia with 3D model viewer and detailed data
on all units, describing their historical and in-game
characteristics

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]