aHTTYD is the latest in a run of animated 3D films to hit the family market. One might be forgiven for feeling a little weary of this genre as the big production studios churn out one "action-packed film with a cute central character and some pretty effects" after another. But wait...

HTTYD stands apart from these other attempts for a number of reasons. First, the 3D (Odeon digital in this screening) is moving more toward the subtle with fewer "gratuitous" 3D moments than in movies like Bolt and Coraline. As 3D becomes a staple of high street cinema, directors seem to be finding 3D to be more about adding depth rather than a brief focal-point. That's not to say that there isn't effective use of the 3D wow-factor here; it's just not all the film has to hold attention.

Second, a cast of voice talent that does not demand too much consideration of the man/woman behind the microphone is refreshing. Baruchel is not over-playing the sugar or the heroics and, as much as an animated character can be, he is believable and as three-dimensional as the visuals. Butler is not greatly stretched here but manages to stay just the right side of a Mike Myers impression so as not to annoy. How many kids will now think the Vikings were a fearsome race of Americans and Scots? Oh, well! 

Third, the plot and dialogue. You may not know the plot and I won't spoil it now. It is straightforward stuff but the pace keeps it interesting for kids and the grown-ups. Younger children may be upset at times and I heard a sob or two at the emotional moments. Nothing too heavy here though, it's just a well-written script with as many actual laughs as I have seen in a kids' film.

This is one of the best films so far in this prolific genre and it has been made with passion rather than thrown together to cash-in on the thirst for these films, right now. I would urge all ages to see this film in 3D as the textures are extraordinary and you can't help but be charmed by it all.

Release Date: 23 March 2010 (USA)
