Artist: Renegades (Feeder project)
Album: We Are The Renegades
Tracks: 9
Released: 2010
MP3 Quality: 192 kbps

01. Renegades
02. Sentimental
03. Time Goes By
04. Barking Dogs
05. Home
06. GodHead
07. In Time Of Crisis
08. All I Ever Wanted
09. Fallen (bonus track)

Please seed - Cover at: http://bayimg.com/eamljAacl

At the end of 2008 a huge chapter in Feeder's existence came to a close - having stayed with record label Echo since their beginnings, the band came to the end of their contract with the release of their sixth studio album ‘Silent Cry’ and the label was set to dissolve.  Many would view this with trepidation, but for songwriter, guitarist and vocalist Grant Nicholas this presented an incredible opportunity.  With a blank page and empty diary in front of him he felt more relaxed and excited than in years.  Suddenly the pressure of the usual single, album, tour schedule was alleviated and he was able to return to what he'd always done best – just write songs for himself without worrying about anything else.   He spent most of 2009 working away in his own time like he'd done 18 years previously when he formed the band; no expectations, just writing for the pure joy of it.  Of course, he couldn’t help but construct a gaggle of accomplished catchy songs – he’d always had an ear for a tune, as proven by the bands 2006 ‘Singles’ collection selling over half a million copies in the UK alone.  But the new music he was making was less reflective, more instinctive and back to his rock roots – lots of guitars came out!

With a healthy bag of tunes, Grant, long time band member Taka Hirose and drummer Karl Brazil, decided to road test the new tracks to the people who had helped to elevate the band to their lofty status – the loyal fanbase who'd been checking the website for the last year wondering what was happening. The group booked a few low key shows round the country and announced them exclusively via Feederweb.com – of course these gigs sold out immediately. They played under the name of Renegades – no old tunes (well, maybe one or two – but very old ones!) and the response was phenomenal.  It was also great fun.  The band hadn’t played venues this size for over a decade and it was as exciting and nerve-wracking as it had been back then.  

So the next step sees the 'Renegades' moving up a gear into bigger venues returning to a galvanised core of fans, revitalised from the response to the initial shows and keen to spread the word.  Feeder will of course return, but this is still the loud, uninhibited and exhilarated sound of Feeder doing what they want without a care in the world.

Cover at: http://bayimg.com/eamljAacl