MP3/192Kbps - English
This refurbished edition was made by using the files from the upload "The 48 Laws of Power- Audiobook 192kbps - JackDilla". (Respect to the OP)

Robert Greene's "The 48 Laws of Power" is the "Art of War" for the 21st century.

Having survived the corporate world and now working on my own as a consultant and a university instructor, I can tell you that The 48 Laws of Power might be the most important book you can read to ensure your survival in the working world. It really is the study of nearly every politically volatile situation in which you can find yourself.

The basic theme of this book is: "Knowledge is power. And power will get you ahead." The knowledge contained in the book is the knowledge gained from studying the colossal failures and victories from history. That's the great thing about this book; it advocates a position, supports it and then gives you exceptions to its own rules.

Many readers have complained that this book is immoral. Some of my students were initially offended at some of the passages -- but they calmed down once they put the laws in context. If you read this book closely, you will realize that there is nothing immoral about it. This book is AMORAL, and there's a big difference. I have used excerpts from this book in my classes to explain everything from strategy and tactics to politics and relationships.

The thing I like the most about this book is that it can be read on many different levels. If you're just looking to get the general idea of a law, you can read the stories in the margins and basically skim the book. If you're looking for the more thorough analysis, you can read the entire book. You have the option.

I think the mistake many people make when they read this book is they believe the laws are meant to be used together. Nothing could be further from the truth. Many of the laws actually conflict with other laws, so they are, in effect mutually exclusive. That doesn't make them any less true.

I maintain that the readers who have panned this book simply don't understand it. This book is not for everyone. Nor should it be read by anyone who doesn't take it in it's proper context. Some of these laws can get you in some serious hot water if not implemented correctly.

Get this book. Read it and then re-read it. Put your favorite passages on the wall where you can see them every day. USE this book, because if you don't, someone else who is trying to get ahead will play the political game better than you.

Review by an Amazon customer.