PROUDLY PRESENTS

                         FabFilter.Pro-Q.VST.RTAS.v1.0.1.6 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : SERIAL       
                            SIZE ......: 01 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.fabfilter.com

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   Unrivalled sound and interface  
             
   An  equalizer is probably the tool you use most while mixing and mastering,  
   so  you  need the best of the best! As you can expect from FabFilter, Pro-Q  
   gets  you  the highest possible sound quality and a gorgeous interface with  
   unrivalled ease of use  
             
   Effortlessly sculpt your sound  
             
   FabFilter  Pro-Q is designed to help you achieve your sound in the quickest  
   way  possible.  Via  the large interactive EQ display, you can create bands  
   whereyouneed  them  and  select  and  edit  multiple  bands  at  once  
             
   Mixing and mastering features  
             
   Pro-Q  offers  everything  that  a  demanding  engineer could wish for: top  
   quality  linear  phase operation in addition to zero latency mode, Mid/Side  
   processing,  variable  stereo placement of EQ bands and a built-in spectrum  
   analyzer.  
             
             
   Key Features:  
             
             
   Highest possible sound quality  
             
   Gorgeous  interface  with  large  display  for  easy  and  precise  editing  
             
   Up to 24 EQ bands  
             
   Operates  either  in  zero  latency  mode,  or  in  linear  phase mode with  
   adjustable latency  
             
   Filter  shapes:  Bell,  High/Low  Shelf, High/Low Cut with 6, 12, 24 and 48  
   dB/oct slopes  
             
   Each  band  can  operate  on  the  stereo  signals  or on the left or right  
   channels independently for per-channel EQ-ing  
             
   Mid/side  mode  where  you  can  EQ  the  mid  and  side signals separately  
             
   Built-inreal-timefrequency  analyzer  with  Pre-  and  Post-EQ  modes  
             
   Double-click text entry of parameter values  
             
   Different  display  ranges:  6 dB range for mastering use, 12 dB, and 30 dB  
   for mixing  
             
   Stereo and mono plug-ins available  
             
   MIDI Learn  
             
   Undo/redo and A/B comparison  
             
   Smart Parameter Interpolation  
             
   Sample-accurate automation of all parameters  
             
   Extensive help file with interactive help hints  
             
             
             
   What's new in FabFilter Pro-Q 1.01? 
             
   Fixed a bug that caused some loss of precision in calculations. This update 
   drastically reduces the total harmonic distortion (THD). 
             
   Fixed a bug in the mono and VST3 versions, that caused the plug-in to be 
   unable to report latency changes to the host. 
             
   Fixed a bug that could  cause unwanted 'plops' when disabling  and enabling 
   EQ bands at lower frequencies. 
             
   Added mouse wheel handling for Q changes in the interactive EQ display. 
             
             
             


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009