Ecco The Dolphin Defender of the future for Sega DC

Releashed: 06/2000                            


Format:        CD-R Ntsc, Self-Boot
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         CDI
Requirements:  DC Emulator or Dreamcast Console.

Compressed with WinRar.  

If you don't have WinRar try 7zip its free google it.

Game was tested on a Sega Dreamcast Game Console and works. 

(Tested on Verbatim CD-R).

Note: Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't allow utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to be on the safe side try to use a console manufactured before october 2000.  You can find the manfacture date on the bottom of the console on the sticker in fine print just look for it. 


I have to say for a dreamcast game this is great, smooth graphics, sound, everything...I'm impressed.


Game Description:

Hundreds of years in the future, mankind and dolphins live peacefully together and share the earth. Dolphins, who are much more intelligent than they seem, act as the earth's caretakers, while dolphins and humans explore the galaxy. An alien force, known as the Foe, seeks to end this happy existence. The Foe damages the Earth's defense system, and alters history for the worse. One extraordinary dolphin, Ecco, must travel through time to set things right.

Ecco is a 3d underwater adventure game. There are more than 25 aquatic environments to explore. Ecco must communicate with other ocean creatures and learn to manipulate his environment if he is to succeed in defeating the Foe.


Burn with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

Best to burn at 4x or slowest.

Set Burn Settings to Raw/Dao for Alcohol 120% or Raw write Mode 2 2352 CD-DA for Discjuggler, or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write if that doesn't work for discjuggler.

Any DC Games that you burn make sure you allow overburning option in Alcohol or discjuggler, if your burner supports it.

Burn at slowest speed possible for compatibility.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD-R Media for best quality.


Game Pics included


Any Problems or questions, please post a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.


Enjoy!

