My first upload,


 The strip is set in the town of Bon Bon, a remote mountain town with a thriving tourism economy where prostitution and gambling are openly tolerated and/or encouraged. 

A young Abyssinian cat, William, moves there to escape some serious debts and to look for a job. Unfortunately, a key reason for the financial distress is that he is a compulsive gambler and is unaware of the casinos in the town until it is too late. 

SPOILERS BELOW. Don't read unless your that curious about it.Actually, Don't read it at all.

Soon, having lost almost all his money at the tables, William purchases one last drink before going off to commit suicide, only to have fate intervene. That occurs when Violet, a naive raccoon prostitute, runs into him, spilling his drink and provoking him to demand a refund. Betty, the brothel's top woman, sees the incident and assumes that Violet has found a new client for her. However, William refuses Betty's advances in favor of his refund demand and starts a fight in frustration. The cat is soon beaten and about to be thrown out when an associate tells Betty that he is looking for employment. 

As a result, William wakes up in Betty's quarters and is presented with an employment opportunity. It turns out that Simon Blue, the richest man in Bon Bon, is looking for a new butler to manage his household at a handsome wage of 5000 florins a month. The duties would include looking after his daughter, Mary, whom he keeps almost literally under lock and key on the estate to prevent her from being corrupted by the pervasive sexuality in the community. To that end, Simon is insistent on a homosexual employee to preclude him taking advantage of her. Betty and Violet propose that William pass as gay to get the job and William, while initially flummoxed at the job condition, agrees to the idea. He decides he can model his role after as his good gay friend, Dorian Grain, who is much like a furry Oscar Wilde. 

Unknown to him however, Mary Blue is a beautiful young feline woman who is deeply sexually frustrated and desires a handsome lover more than anything else. As a result, William, who is quite good looking and generally well mannered although sexually subdued and emotional excitable, will likely face a powerfully tempting occupational hazard when he finds that fact out. 




TL;DR - It's an amazingly hot erotic Furry comic, You lazy Bum.



It's better than it sounds, It's an extremely well drawn comic, Extremely hilarious as well. There's not many comics like it even today. [Issue 9# Should
Be coming out soon. As they release one page of every new issue weekly, It's also extremely slow, Because as i believe, there's only 2 people working on it right now.]


Check it out, You won't regret it, I actually brought a calendar and pinned down the next issue, It's addicting.




(If you enjoy these comics as much as I do, Then support the people making it. They don't actually blow the money on themselves, All the money donated goes to future development, And Plus, You get much more features then just downloading the comics, you can even be In the comics. Kthxbai)


Punctuation is everything


My first upload
Be nice. :3
Socks.