Please seed!

Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish
Kungliga Hovkapellet (Royal Orchestra); Nils Grevillius

Jussi Björling
The Swedish tenor Jussi Björling (1911-1960) was born in Stora Tuna in the district of Dalarna. As a boy he toured and recorded with the familyquartet, in addition to visiting the United States (1916-26). His adult teachers were his father David, John Forsell (1928-30) and the Scottish tenor Joseph Hislop. He was a member of the Royal Opera in Stockholm from 1930, making his début in the small rôle of the Lamplighter in Puccini’s Manon Lescaut. His‘official’ first appearance was as Don Ottavio in Mozart’s Don Giovanni later that season. Two years later he began his international career in Germany, followed by Vienna (1936), Chicago (1937), the Metropolitan Opera in New York (1938) and Covent Garden the following year. He continued to appear regularly in New York, except in the war years, until 1959. Björling was regarded as the foremost Italiansounding tenor of his day in the spinto rôles of Puccini and Verdi, and he also excelled in French opera. His work was highly respected for its high artistic qualities, even if his acting ability was somewhat stilted and stiff. He recorded extensively from the mid-1930s until his early death in 1960. His poor health in later years was caused by heart problems.
  
http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jussi_Bj%C3%B6rling  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jussi_Bj%C3%B6rling

Tags contain recording date and location, composers and lyricist(s). I Haven't found any more info about this album.
Released on Swedish Society Discofil label, CD release 1987
This one ripped with Winamp, hence the included "audiochecker.log".


Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish
Kungliga Hovkapellet (Royal Orchestra); Nils Grevillius


01  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Saa Tag Mit Hjerte (Now Take My Heart)  
02  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Jag Längtar Dig Op. 28.5 (I Long For You)  
03  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - När Jag För Mig Själv I Mörka Skogen Går Op. 5.1 (When I Walk Alone In The Dark Forest)  
04  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Tonerna (Music)  
05  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Aftonstämning (Evening Mood)  
06  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Sverige Op.22.2 (Sweden)  
07  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Säv, Säv, Susa Op. 36.4 (Sigh, Sigh, Sedges)  
08  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Diamanten På Marssnön Op. 36.2 (Diamond On The March Snow)  
09  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Bland Skogens Höga Furustammar Op. 5.4 (Among The High Fir-Trees In The Forest)  
10  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish -  Land, Du Välsignade (Thou Blessed Country)  
11  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Kung Heimer Och Aslög (King Heimer And Aslög)  
12  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Trollsjön (The Enchanted Lake)  
13  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Guds Lov I Naturen Op. 48.4 (Die Ehre Goyyes Aus Der Natur).  
14  Jussi Björling - Jussi Bjorling Songs in Swedish - Julsång, Oh, Helga Natt (Cantique De Noël)