Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Shake Your Bon-Bon is the third single taken from the second self-titled album by Ricky Martin.

This single was less successful than the first cuts from the first English album by Martin ("Livin' la Vida Loca" peaked at #1 and "She's All I Ever Had" at #2, both on the Billboard charts in United States), peaking only at #22 on the Billboard Hot 100. However, with the video of this single, directed once again by Wayne Isham the singer received a nomination for Best Male Video at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards, losing to Eminem's "The Real Slim Shady".

The maxi-single for this song includes an English version of his song "Casi Un Bolero" taken from the Grammy-winning album Vuelve.

Ricky Martin is the fifth album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin released on Columbia Records subsidiary C2 Records on May 11, 1999. The album has worldwide sales of over 17 million copies. This album is Ricky’s third which marketed in the United States and is his first album in English. Ricky Martin includes Ricky’s first #1 hit "Livin' La Vida Loca", and "Be Careful (Cuidado Con Mi Corazón)", a duet with Madonna. When Ricky Martin hit the record stores, it sold over 660,000 copies in its first week and debuted at #1. This album became one of the top-selling albums of 1999, and was certified 7 times platinum.

José Enrique Martin Morales (born December 24, 1971), better known by his stage name Ricky Martin, is a Grammy Award- and Latin Grammy Award- winning, Puerto Rican pop singer who rose to fame, first as a member of the Latin boy band Menudo, then as a solo artist since 1991.

His career has spanned over three decades and has sold more than 60 million albums worldwide. He is the founder of Ricky Martín Foundation (in Spanish Fundación Ricky Martin) a non-profit charity organization.

In 2008, he became a single father of twin boys, Matteo and Valentino.

After several years as a major star in Spanish-speaking countries, Martin prepared his first English album in 1999. The self-titled album contained material by producers such as Desmond Child, Diane Warren, William Orbit, George Noriega and his longtime childhood friend (producer/singer) Robi Draco Rosa. The album also featured special guests Madonna (on the Spanish-English duet "Be Careful (Cuidado con mi Corazón)") and Meja (Private Emotion). As Turkey was one of the countries where Martin's popularity was at its peak, he sang the song with Sertab Erener, Turkish winner of the 2003 Eurovision Song Contest, instead of Meja in Turkish versions of the album.

The first and most prominent single was "Livin' la Vida Loca," which reached number one in many countries around the world, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, France, Greece, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Guatemala, Mexico, Russia, Turkey, and South Africa. He followed up with the hit "She's All I Ever Had" which peaked at #2 on The Billboard Hot 100. This album became one of the top-selling albums of 1999, and was certified 7 times platinum, selling over 22 million copies worldwide to date.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

