TopGrl------Nyssa Nevers   +  Pics



December 14, 2009: Nyssa Nevers 
  
 
Sister Dee sees a certain beauty in stringing bitches up. Nyssa is an especially hot piece of ass when she is dancing around in her heels, barely able to keep the rope from choking her. When Dee lets her down she is so grateful that she has no problem groveling on the floor and kissing her boots. She'll be even more grateful if Dee decides not to take of her nipple with the extremely menacing pair of scissors she is teasing them with. Dee doesn't take any flesh but she does use them to snip away her panties and expose her beautiful ass and cunt to be played with. 

Getting beat and the gagged has a way of making Nyssa's pussy wet. So when Sister Dee ties her up with her legs spread like a slut her holes are already anticipating the cock to come. The dick on a stick does take a stab into her twat and Dee ties it to her to keep it in place. She makes her little bitch squirm by taking a sharp pen and poking her where ever she is sensitive. Her feet, cunt and clit are all fair game, as well as her tits. And when she really starts to struggle Dee cuts off her air with a plastic bag. The tiny pokes are exchanged for sharp canings from a thin metal rod, one where even the lightest flick stings. And when she's suffered enough Sister Dee removes the bag and gags Nyssa with the cock, covered in her own juices, before applying the vibrator to her clit. A rigorous finger fucking is all she needs to push her over the top and make the slut beg for permission to cum. Holding it in until Dee is ready is enough to bring a bitch to tears. 

Just one cum and Dee decides she wants to see some more. She puts her pain slut down on her hands and knees and she instinctively arches her back to present her ass like a bitch in heat. Dee isn't ready to give her the satisfaction of getting her cunt fucked again yet. She is more interested in clamping her nipples and tying the clamps off to provide a tug every time Nyssa starts to move. It's a good thing, too, because the next thing she does is start to flog her sensitive snatch and whip her across her ass and thighs. The welts from the whip are immediately visible. And once again Nyssa proves what a cunt she is. Her twat is wet and ready for more within minutes and Dee will give her as much as she can take this time. Another dildo for her pussy and a vibrator on her clit has Nyssa moaning and begging to cum again. This time when her orgasm takes hold she is nearly brought to tears from the intense fucking. 

Each orgasm makes Nyssa's body more sensitive to her suffering. After a couple rounds of cumming Dee has her tied in an extreme strappado with her tits tied tightly and her cunt exposed. Light flicks on her nipples now make her wince in pain and all she can do when Dee bites down is scream and gasp through gritted teeth. Even Dee's hand in her pussy can't quite distract her from the pain in her tits. When Dee starts whipping the front of her thighs her first impulse is to crouch but the lower she takes her body the more it pulls on her arms. The same thing happens when she starts caning her calves and ass. She is completely helpless to get away from the sadistic games Dee plays. Dee doesn't even allow her the privilege of screaming after the most painful of the strokes. All she is allowed to do is silently accept the punishment Sister Dee doles out.  



Screens  http://topgrl.com/updates.php?start=3&numrows=5&nats=MC4wLjQuNC4wLjAuMC4wLjA




Cheers   :-)