* Anke Helfrich: piano, fender rhodes, harmonium
* Henning Sieverts: bass, cello
* Dejan Terzic: drum, percussion, glockenspiel
* Nils Wogram: trombone, melodica

Homepage: 
http://www.anke-helfrich.de/

Enja Matthias Winckelmann: ENJ-9528 2 
http://www.enjarecords.com/cd.php?nr=ENJ-9528

01 - Hackensack 04:23
02 - September Song 05:59
03 - Stormproof 07:31
04 - Sehnsucht 05:19
05 - In Good Times As In Bad 07:05
06 - After The Rain 01:57
07 - Circles 08:25
08 - Swiss Movement 04:56
09 - Speak Low 05:11
10 - Little Giant 02:55

Total time: 53'41

Born in Germany and raised (among other places) in Windhoek (Namibia), piano
player Anke Helfrich was bound for an international career. After jazz studies
in Hilversum (Netherlands) and New York, she has performed in many countries
such as Turkey, Spain, Italy, Bulgaria, Germany, the United States, Lithuania,
Malaysia and Switzerland. Inspired by jazz greats like Thelonious Monk, Les
McCann or Herbie Hancock (and sometimes even called "the blond Monk"), Anke
Helfrich makes good use of the groovy and powerful tradition of Afro-American
jazz piano while developing her personal ideas and style. "When Anke Helfrich
lays her hands on the keys", German Jazz Podium wrote, "the jazz fan knows what
to expect: a tremendously swinging music with contemporary ingredients. Jazz
that is pure fun."

As one may expect, this fine pianist has won many competitions and awards, among
them the "European Jazz Competition 1996", the "Hennessy Jazz Search 1998" and
the "Jazz Award of the City of Worms 2003". Her 2006 album "Better Times Ahead"
(featuring Roy Hargrove) was voted "CD of the month" by German magazine
Stereoplay. "This lady swings like the devil", Swiss newspaper Weltwoche
reads. "Anke Helfrich is god-damned beautiful and talented -- furthermore you
can hear that she is also intelligent. Her ideas and especially her tunes are
fresh, relaxed and inventive."

On "Stormproof", her third album as a leader, Anke Helfrich pays tribute to some
of her heroes (Thelonious Monk, Les McCann, Kurt Weill) but never forgets to
present her original talents. Ranging from complex, energetic, suite-like pieces
("Stormproof", "In Good Times") to soft and romantic moments ("Sehnsucht",
"Circles", "Little Giant"), her own tunes prove this pianist to be also a
top-notch composer. Henning Sieverts and Dejan Terzic, experienced players in
their own right, manage to translate Anke's free-wheeling, rhythmic style into a
unique trio effort. Special guest Nils Wogram (on 5 tracks), one of the best
trombone players around, adds nothing but beauty to the music thus demonstrating
the depth of the compositions. Jazz tradition heading for the future.

[...]

More info: 
http://www.anke-helfrich.de/press.htm