FTVGirls - Nicole



all 14 screens: 
http://www.cmylink.com/FTVGirlsNicole




- Public Nudity at Mall, Upskirt
- Masturbation in Public w/Toy
- Masturbation to Orgasm w/Toy
- Extreme Closeups, Shower
- Banana Stuffing, Clit Piercing
- Hard Breast & Butt Massage


We catch this cute teen walking in a sexy dress & heels, flashing her
full, firm breasts at the mall! Soon enough, she's caught by security --
but that doesn't stop her!
She finds another busy spot to show off her perfect bubble butt, twisting
around to finger herself in front of us. On a stairway nearby, she uses
a rather unique vibrator to penetrate herself hard... and gets herself
to orgasm in this rather public place. She looks so sexy doing it...
At a restaurant she is interviewed and she flashes her breasts again. So
many people around! Back home, she pulls aside her tight jean shorts, and
exposes her private parts, pulling them, teasing them up close! She has a
clit piercing, so she pulls on that as well, stimulating herself. Extreme
closeups as she spreads wide, then gets down to her cute bra & panties,
teasing herself some more. Pulling out a very large pink vibrator, she
stuffs the whole length deep inside, and pounds herself hard to two strong
orgasms!
Next morning, she wakes up in the comfy bed, then gives us a hard breast
& butt massage on the bed. Perfectly round breasts! More closeups and
fingering, she uses a clitoral vibrator to another, natural orgasm. Notice
the multiple contractions, she had 3 orgasms. A beautiful day outside,
she plays among the birds & the bees, giving us sexy views of her best
parts from all the sexiest angles. Stuffing 3 fingers, she gets herself
juicy wet... Pulling out a banana, she has some hard, deep sex with it
until she 'explodes' deep inside! Notice the white juices that come out!
A bubbly cute blonde, hope you enjoy another sweet addition to FTV.

Age:    19
Height: 5' 3"
Figure: 36C-24-36 Natural!


4 Photo Sets, 14 Videos in 2 Sets

These are the 3,000 kb/sexx HiRes WMV videos.




3,200+ torrents: 
(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens






