Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


The Doctor is an album by Cheap Trick, released in 1986. It initially sold 88,000 copies. The album's lone single "It's Only Love" (b/w "Name Of The Game"), was released in December 1986 and peaked at number #89 on Billboard's Hot 100 singles chart. The album peaked at #86 in the Billboard 200 LP charts. There was a promotional video made for the single "It's Only Love." The video made history as the first music video to prominently use American Sign Language.

This would be the band's last album with bassist Jon Brant.

An orchestrated version of "Kiss Me Red" is covered by ELO Part II and was also the theme song to the short-lived TV series, Dreams. "Take Me to the Top" was played in Cheap Trick's 25th Anniversary concert, and this live version can be found on the Silver live album.

Physical copies of the album have been out of print for several years (with the exception of Japan), but it will be reissued in 2010 in the US along with the previous album Standing On The Edge on one CD.

In 1986, the band recorded "Mighty Wings", the end-title cut for the film Top Gun. They then released The Doctor. Some of the songs contained elements of funk, and the band utilized female back-up vocalists for the first time. However, synthesizers and computer-programmed sound effects drowned out most of the prominent instruments, most noticeably the guitar. Produced by Tony Platt, it is widely considered the bands' worst album. The album's lone single, "It's Only Love" failed to chart, but many blame the album's poor success on the record label's lack of promotion. The music video for "It's Only Love" made history as the first music video to prominently use American Sign Language. The Doctor  turned out to be the final album with Jon Brant as bassist, as Tom Petersson expressed interest in rejoining the band. Brant parted on good terms with the band, and has performed with the band a number of times since as a special guest or filling in for Petersson.

Cheap Trick is an American rock band from Rockford, Illinois, formed in 1974. The band consists of members Robin Zander (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Rick Nielsen (lead guitar, backing vocals), Tom Petersson (electric bass, backing vocals), and Bun E. Carlos (drums, percussion).

Cheap Trick created a substantial fan base through its own brand of power pop music with a hard-edged yet melodic pop sound that combined the catchiness of The Beatles with the speed and energy of punk rock. The Los Angeles Times has remarked that "Cheap Trick gained fame by twisting the Beatlesque into something shinier, harder, more American." Their biggest hits include "Surrender", "I Want You to Want Me", "Dream Police", and "The Flame". Cheap Trick also performed a cover version of Big Star's "In the Street" as the theme song for That '70s Show from the second season onward and the theme song "Baby Muggles" for The Colbert Report.

As of 2009[update], Cheap Trick continues to tour with their most well known lineup. They have often been referred to in the Japanese press as the "American Beatles". The Illinois State Senate has declared April 1 to be "Cheap Trick Day" in the State. The band was also ranked #25 in VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/