BBC - Invisible Worlds (2010)

Human vision is pretty miraculous, but our eyes aren’t quite as powerful as you might imagine. What we can see is stuff that reflects or emits light with wavelengths in a very narrow band (since you ask, from about 750 to 400 nanometres). What we can’t see is the rest. That’s all matter that reflects or emits light over the other 99.99999999999% percent of the spectrum. In fact, we’re almost blind.


Part 1: Speed Limits
Richard Hammond explores the world of detail hidden in the blink of an eye. The human eye takes about fifty milliseconds to blink. But it takes our brain around a hundred and fifty milliseconds to process what we see. In those few milliseconds, there are extraordinary things happening that pass us by. But what if we could break through this speed limit? Using the latest high-speed cameras, Richard goes on a journey beyond our eye's limits, to see secrets hidden in every element of our planet. A world where thin air can shatter rock. And water can tear through metal. A world where the fastest thing on earth lies right beneath our feet. And where a spectacular celestial display is finally captured, even though many have claimed it doesn't even exist.


Part 2: Out of Sight
The human eye is a remarkable piece of precision engineering, but it is also extremely limited. Beyond the narrow range of light that makes up the familiar colours of the rainbow is a vast spectrum of light, entirely unseen. But what if we could see beyond the narrow boundaries of our eyes and peer into this invisible realm? Richard Hammond does just that, using groundbreaking new imaging technologies to take the viewer on a breathtaking journey of discovery beyond the visible spectrum, seeing the world, quite literally, in a whole new light. From death-defying aerial repairmen in the United States using ultraviolet cameras to seek out an invisible force that lurks unseen on power lines, to German scientists unlocking the secrets of animal locomotion with the world's most powerful moving x-ray camera, to infrared cameras that can finally reveal the secrets within a humble beehive, he shows how new technologies are letting us see our world anew.


Part 3: Off the Scale
The human eye can see extraordinary detail, but the eye of a needle held at arm's length is pretty much at the limit of our vision. Anything smaller is simply invisible, at least to the naked eye. But what if we could see this hidden world all around us in greater detail and magnification than ever before? How different would our familiar surroundings then seem? Richard Hammond explores the astonishing miniature universe all around us, revealing that small is not only beautiful, it can also be very, very powerful. From seeing the microscopic changes to ice crystals that can trigger an avalanche to watching in horror the invisible aftermath of a sneeze on a commuter train and learning how the surface of an ordinary-looking plant hides an astounding secret that will make walking on the moon safer, Richard harnesses cutting-edge technologies to transport the viewer into a spectacular micro realm.

Tech Specs for HiDef
Video Codec: x264 CABAC
Video Bitrate: 4000 KB/s
Video Aspect Ratio: 1:777
Video Resolution: 1280 x 720
Audio Codec: AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192 Kb/s 48000Hz
Audio Channels: 2
Run-Time: 59mins
Framerate: 25FPS
Number of Parts: 3
Part Size: 1.72 GB
Ripped by: JungleBoy
Subtitles: merged and SRT
Source: DVB-S 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1623136/