The Wordpress Forms Management Plugin


FEATURES:


/// Conditional Form Fields ///
Gravity Forms 1.3 adds support for conditional form fields. This means you can show or hide a field or entire sections of the form based on a value selected in 
another field.

/// Email Notification Routing ///
Now you can set up notifications to route to different email addresses based on rules that you define. Use one form to route form submissions to sales, 
marketing, customer service department 


Enhanced Post Custom Fields

We’ve enhanced the post custom fields to let you choose from various field 
types. Custom fields can now be email, website, multiple choice, drop down 
lists, hidden fields and more.


Enhanced Address Field
The address field for 1.3 has several new options. Choose from US, Canadian or 
International address types, set the default state, province or country and 
toggle field visibiltiy.


Validation for Multiple Forms
We’ve retooled the form markup so multiple forms on the same page will validate 
as XHTML 1.0 transitional. We know you want nice valid markup and we’ve got your 
back.


Dynamic Field Population
Populate form fields dynamically by passing data to the field using querystring, 
shortcode, function or hooks. This makes pre-populating data fast and easy!


Bulk Add and Predefined Choices
Quickly and easily populate drop downs, checkboxes and radio button fields with 
predefined lists of values such as Countries, States, Months, etc. You can also 
bulk add your own options 


Form Scheduling
Have a form that you only want made available during a certain time period? Form 
Scheduling allows you to define a start date and end date for your form.


Limit Form Entries
Running a contest and only want the first 50 people to be able to submit an 
entry? Now you can limit the number of entries a form can receive.


Respond To Entries From WordPress
Want to respond to your entries right from Gravity Forms? Now you can view, 
manage and respond to entries right from WordPress!


Role Management Integration
Gravity Forms is compatible with Justin Tadlock’s Members plugin for role 
management. Have granular control over what users can and can’t do within 
Gravity Forms.



Post Category Field
Gravity Forms now makes it easy for users to select the post category when 
creating a post via a user submitted form. You have complete control of which 
categories are available.


View And Edit Form Entries
The Entry Detail page has been completely redesigned in Gravity Forms 1.1 to 
provide an easier to use and more flexible interface for managing form entries.



Easily Pass Data To Confirmation Page
Now you can pass form data to your confirmation redirect page for integration 
with 3rd party services. It’s as easy as selecting your redirect and using our 
query string builder!


Easily Embed a Form into Posts & Pages
The easy to use Embed Form tool will help you in creating the correct shortcode 
to be added to your post or page content.


Create Autoresponder Emails to Users
Send automatic emails to users in response to a submission. Add any form field 
content to your message to create professional and personalized messages.


Integrate with Other Plugins Using Hooks
Developers can extend Gravity Forms or integrate it with other plugins by using 
the available hooks and filters.



View Entry Summaries from the WordPress Dashboard
The Dashboard Widget gives you a quick summary of our entries. It displays the 
number of unread entries for each form to help you stay on top of things.


Seamless Integration with WordPress 2.8+
If you know how to use WordPress 2.8, you know how to use Gravity Forms. From 
the colors to the way it functions, Gravity Forms looks and feels like a part of 
WordPress.


Visually Create Forms with Our Sleek Editor
The visual form editor enables people with no HTML skills to create complex 
forms in minutes. Just add fields, choose field options, and drag them into the 
desired position.


Prevent Spam with Built-In reCAPTCHA Protection
The reCAPTCHA field will shield you from spam by preventing from submissions 
from automated scripts. You will also be helping in digitizing books for online 
use.


Allow Users to Automatically Create a Post
Let your users help with data entry. When added to a form, our Post Fields 
create a post when the form is submitted. Great for user submitted stories, job 
postings, directories, etc.


Manage Entries from the WordPress Admin Panel
Search, edit, delete and keep track of all entries from the Entries page in your 
WordPress administration panel.


Easily Export Form Entry Data to CSV Format
Need your entry data for other applications? Easily export all or part of your 
entries to CSV. Our export tool makes it a breeze to export only the fields that 
are needed.

