Free Membership atgets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at


Register Now



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.                                   
                                
                               
                            
                        
                        
                         
                      
               
                        .CHz.
                           
                       
                                
                                  
                                 
                   
                      
                                         
              
                                                        
                              WinImage.v8.50.x32.x64 

             
                                                        
                               Date.: 11/2009 
                               Disks: 01 * 4,77MB
                          
                           

WinImage is a fully-fledged disk-imaging suite for easy creation, reading and 
 editing of many image formats and fileystems, including DMF, VHD, FAT, ISO, 
 NTFS and Linux. The disk image is an exact copy of a physical disk (floppy, 
  CD-ROM, hard disk, USB, VHD disk, etc.) or a partition that preserves the 
original structure. With WinImage in place, you can recreate the disk image on 
 the hard drive or other media, view its content, extract image-based files, 
 add new files and directories, change the format, and defragment the image. 
 All this and more is delivered in one intuitive user interface that enables 
                        imaging right out of the box.  
     
The program has many utilitarian uses at home and in the office. As a serious 
  PC user, you probably have tons of old but still useful floppy disks. With 
WinImage in place, you can turn them into disk images, which can be stored on 
  the hard drive and recreated, when a need arises. In combination with a CD 
  creating tool, WinImage can help you create your own custom boot disk with 
 hardware diagnostic or virus cleaning software to bring a problem PC back up 
and running without being in Windows. As a hard-disk backup solution, WinImage 
 allows you to save hours and even days restoring a system and configurations 
 on a machine that has experienced a hard-disk crash or software corruption. 
  Along with homes and offices, this ability is a must for training classes, 
      where restoring torn down PC configurations quickly is critical.  
     
     
     
     
                      WinImage has many cool features!  
     
     
                    WinImage is now Windows 7 compatible   
     
 Create a disk image from a removable drive (like USB drive), CD-ROM, floppy, 
     
                     Extract file(s) from a disk image,  
     
                          Create empty disk images,  
     
          Inject files and directories into an existing disk image,  
     
                         Change a disk image format,  
     
                          Defragment a disk image,  
     
  A powerful "Batch assistant" mode that lets you automate many operations,  
     
                               And many more!  
     
     
                       
                             http://www.winimage.com 



            
                                                        
                          1) Unzip, Unrar 
                                    
                          2) Import winimage.reg and run setup 
                                    
                          3) Enjoy