Bluefox iPhone Video Converter is a powerful tool, which can easily convert all popular formats like MOV, MP4, DivX, ASF, VOB, 3GP, WMV, MPEG, AVI to iPhone movies with high speed and quality.

Bluefox iPhone Video Converter support Screen Crop/Pan that provide a perfect conversion scheme to convert iPhone video between 16£º9 and 4£º3. All parameters of the video codec is optimized and predigested, the default setting can get good quality iPhone video, and you also can set them flexibly.

Features:

1.Convert iPhone video from popular video formats, It can supports almost all popular video file format(AVI, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV etc.)
2.Excellent output quality by parameters optimized, you can use the default settings which were optimized to get excellent output quality of iPhone movie, or you can set the advanced settings by yourself like video size, bit rate, frame rate, etc.
3.Video Screen Crop/Pan, It can provide a perfect conversion scheme to convert between different video aspect such as 16£º9 and 4£º3 video, whatever WMV to iPhone, MPEG to iPhone or AVI to iPhone etc.
4.Batch conversion, you can enactment every iPhone video converting task flexibly, and the task can be saved and load.
5. Rational profile, It offer rational profiles (iPhone 320x240, iPhone 640x480), this can make you reach the target that you wants easily.
6.View the information of the original files, you can view the detail information about video codec, video bit rate, frame rate, audio codec, audio bit rate, sample rate etc. of a video file with all file format(WMV, AVI, MPEG, MP4, MOV etc.)
7.Play video files for preview.
8.Concise and friendly interface.
9.Perfect support H.264 format.
10.Windows VISTA supported well.
11.It supports clip or segment conversion by setting the start point and duration.
12.Support Multi-languages,such as English,ChineseSimplified,ChineseTraditional,French,German,Japanese,Spanish
13.Internally support real codec, rm,rmvb etc.
	
Editor review: Reviewer, 2008-10-24 08:34:00

iPhone has become one of the hottest gadgets out generation and has successfully created a huge fan club in such a short time. If you are also one of the proud owners of the device, then you are definitely looking for storing your favorite videos in it. But, the format of the videos has always been a cause of concern, as the device may not support the available video format. The issue has largely been resolved with the assistance of the new Bluefox iPhone video converter 2.0.0805. The software supports converting the videos of various formats into iPhone compatible format. It offers sophisticated feature-set, which helps in converting the videos maintaining high quality of the content.

Bluefox iPhone video converter 2.0.0805 application provides proficient conversion scheme to make your videos compatible with iPhone. For using the program to carry on the conversion process, first you’re required to add video files to it. The selected files are displayed at the middle screen with the related information such as Name, Size, Type, Source path, Progress, Target File, etc. To go further with the process, select the ‘Global Output Setting’. Start with the ‘Profile’ selection from the drop down menu, and even you can get the ‘Detail’ relating to it. Then you need to select the destination to save the output file, and you’re also provided with the ‘Profile Info’ with the features. The application also provides Screen Crop/Pan features to make desired modification on the video. It is capable of performing the batch conversion, and even you can save the task. Check for the properties, and you can even change the configurations with ‘Options’ feature on the toolbar. Selecting all the required features, you just have to click on ‘Start’ to commence the conversion process.

Bluefox iPhone video converter 2.0.0805 supports conversion of video files of various formats like MOV, VOB, DivX, MP4, ASF along with the likes of 3GP, MPEG, WMV, AVI, while maintaining the video quality and content. The application is rated with 3 points, for the sophisticated feature-set, and the conversion process that is performed as per your set preferences.
