Daryl.Hall.Live.from.Daryl's.House.E25.Patrick.Stump.WebRip-PSoul

Fall Out Boy's Patrick Stump and Daryl Hall get their groove on Live From Daryl's House Nov. 15

The two pair up for 25th installment of groundbreaking web series

NEW YORK, Nov. 9, 2009—Fall Out Boy vocalist Patrick Stump writes most of the music for his platinum-plus Chicago rock band, but he's also a closet R&B/soul fan who has produced tracks for fellow Windy City rapper Lupe Fiasco, and is a longtime fan of Daryl Hall's music, which makes him the perfect guest for the 25th and latest installment of Live From Daryl's House, available starting Nov. 15 at http://www.livefromdarylshouse.com.

"As a musician, I can't fathom a show more fun to play than Live From Daryl's House," says Stump about his experience playing with Daryl and his band, including T-Bone Wolk, on the web series.

"Patrick Stump is one soulful vocalist," says Daryl admiringly. "I was really impressed with his grasp of R&B and it turned out we shared a love for a great deal of the same music."

As a producer, Stump has worked with such bands as Gym Class Heroes, whose vocalist Travis McCoy is also an unabashed Daryl Hall fan and a participant in a previous Live From Daryl's House. Fall Out Boy guitarist Joe Trohman calls him "a musical genius, a mad scientist," while noted producer/performer Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds says, "Patrick is one of the hottest dudes I've seen in a long time... He's got a great voice and a tremendous amount of talent." Fall Out Boy's fifth album, Folie a Deux, was released last December, producing the hit singles, "I Don't Care" and "America's Suitehearts."

Stump puts that great voice straight to work, joining Daryl in a seven-song set highlighted by singles "Out of Touch" and "Guessing Games," the latter from the H2O album. Among the Fall Out Boy songs Daryl and Patrick perform are versions of "I Don't Care," "What a Catch, Donny" and "Sugar, We're Goin Down" along with a cover of Jimmy Ruffin's soul classic, "What Becomes of the Broken-Hearted."