PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 03E642DDE6F6C84CE5182496AF29B7A751A2C378
File Size: 669.77 MB
Label: FFRR / London


Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent:


Sacred Heart 1989 828 131-2 *
Hormonally Yours 1992 2 28239 *
Stay (Single) 1992 422 857 518-2 *


* Denotes my rip



Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Shakespears Sister are abased synth-pop-rock band formed by Irish singer–songwriter Siobhan Fahey in 1988. It was Fahey's first musical project since leaving Bananarama. Later in 1989, American backing vocalist and guitarist Marcella Detroit was featured more as London Records presented the outfit as a duo. Detroit left the outfit in 1993, and Fahey resumed as the sole member until 1996.

The name is taken from the title of the song "Shakespeare's Sister" by The Smiths and in reference to Virginia Woolf's work A Room of One's Own. There have been minor variations in the spelling of the band's name over the years, which lost the final "e" from "Shakespeare" (and the apostrophe) when a friend made a woodcut logo for Fahey with the name carved as "Shakespear". The apostrophe was, however, featured on the cover of the first album, Sacred Heart.

In 2009, after a 13-year hiatus, Fahey resurrected the name Shakespears Sister and released a new album, Songs from the Red Room. 








Sacred Heart 1989


Sacred Heart is the debut album released by UK/US pop music duo Shakespear's Sister. Released in 1989 on FFRR Records, the album peaked at no.9 in the UK and was certified Gold by the BPI in October 1989 for sales of over 100,000 copies.

Four singles were released from the album in the UK, one of which was the double A-side "Heroine/Break My Heart". Success, however, did not come until the release of the next single "You're History", which hit number seven in the UK singles chart during the summer of 1989.

The album contains thirteen pop/rock songs that incorporated electronic and funk elements. Songs ranged from guitar-driven pop-rock, such as "Heroine", to soulful ballads like the title track (which featured Londonbeat on backing vocals). The album even included a Bob Marley cover song ("Could You Be Loved").

Shakespear's Sister was initially just Siobhan Fahey, and was her first musical venture after leaving the successful girl group Bananarama. Fahey was featured on the album cover without Marcella Detroit and the music videos and single covers for "Break My Heart" and "Heroine" also showed Fahey alone. However as songwriting, producing duties, and vocals were largely shared with Detroit, who also played guitar on several tracks, the outfit officially became a duo. Detroit would later be shown in the videos and on the single covers for "You're History", "Dirty Mind", and "Run Silent" (which was entitled "Run Silent, Run Deep" on the album).

The album was co-produced with Richard Feldman (producer of Milla Jovovich, Belinda Carlisle), a friend of Fahey's then-husband David A. Stewart. American producer Jimmy Iovine, who was working with Stewart at the time on the Eurythmics album We Too Are One, also co-produced the album's biggest single, "You're History".

The track "Sacred Heart" was included on the soundtrack of the 1990 film Nuns on the Run.


Tracks:


1.	"Heroine"
2.	"Run Silent"
3.	"Dirty Mind"
4.	"Sacred Heart"
5.	"Heaven is in Your Arms"
6.	"Twist the Knife" (cassette and CD only)
7.	"You're History"
8.	"Break My Heart (You Really)"
9.	"Red Rocket"
10.	"Electric Moon"
11.	"Primitive Love"
12.	"Could You Be Loved"
13.	"You Made Me Come to This" (CD only)







Hormonally Yours 1992


Hormonally Yours is the second album released by pop duo Shakespears Sister. The album, released on London Records in 1992, became a critical and commercial success in the UK and achieved a modest level of success in the U.S. The title of the album was derived from the emotional state of band members Siobhan Fahey and Marcella Detroit, who were both pregnant at the time of the recording.

Hormonally Yours presented Shakespears Sister as a duo, rather than as a musical project focused on lead singer Fahey, as was the case with their debut album. The songs were co-written by Shakespear's Sister, Richard Feldman (the co-producer of Sacred Heart) and Fahey's then-husband David A. Stewart, using the pseudonym "Manu Guiot". Fahey and Detroit co-produced Hormonally Yours with Alan Moulder.

The first single selected was album opener "Goodbye Cruel World", which had little success globally despite its campy, acclaimed promo video that depicted Fahey and Detroit spoofing classic melodramas such as Sunset Boulevard and Whatever Happened to Baby Jane. The track did manage to crack the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart, a first in the U.S. for the duo. The band toured extensively throughout Europe and North America to promote the album. Hormonally Yours was the last album recorded by Shakespears Sister as a duo as Marcella Detroit exited the act before a third album was recorded.

The synth intro of "Moonchild" was sampled byhip-hop artist Tricky as the musical backdrop of "Overcome", the opening track on his album Maxinquaye.

Fahey and Dave Stewarts's son Django wore the 'SEX' sweatshirt (as worn by Fahey) from the album sleeve; at the 2008 Grammy Awards in LA.


Tracks:

1.	"Goodbye Cruel World" (S. Fahey/M. Guiot/Ferrera)
2.	"I Don't Care" (S. Fahey/M. Detroit/R. Feldman/E. Shearmur)
3.	"My 16th Apology" (S. Fahey/M. Detroit/R. Feldman)
4.	"Are We In Love Yet"
5.	"Emotional Thing"
6.	"Stay" (S. Fahey/M. Detroit/M. Guiot)
7.	"Black Sky" (S. Fahey/M. Detroit/Ferrera/M. Guiot)
8.	"The Trouble With André" (S. Fahey/M. Detroit/Ferrera)
9.	"Moonchild"
10.	"Catwoman"
11.	"Let Me Entertain You" (S. Fahey/M. Detroit/Ferrera)
12.	"Hello (Turn Your Radio On)" (S. Fahey/M. Detroit/M. Guiot)









Stay 1992


"Stay" is a million selling 1992 single frompop/rock act Shakespears Sister. It was the second single release from their second album Hormonally Yours and is the duo's biggest hit. "Stay" is one of the longest running UK number ones in UK chart history (8 weeks), and the longest by an all-female group or duo. It topped the charts in various other countries including a 6 week stint (on four separate occasions) in Shakespears Sister' member Siobhan Fahey's birth place, Ireland. "Stay" reached No. 4 in the United States; one of the fewacts to dent the US Top 5 stateside in 1992. "Stay" was also the biggest-selling single by aact in the UK in 1992.

This single was the only Shakespears Sister song that featured Marcella Detroit more prominently on vocals than Siobhan Fahey, with Detroit singing the verses and lead chorus and Fahey singing the song's bridge. Detroit is noted for singing in whistle register before the last chorus of the song, going up to a high F (F6).

In November 2010, the single re-entered the charts in the United Kingdom and Ireland due to strong digital downloads, after a Halloween eve performance of the track by Cher Lloyd on The X Factor in the United Kingdom.

The award-winning Sophie Muller directed the promo video for the single, the concept of which was inspired by the film Cat Women of the Moon [1]. The video featured Detroit and Fahey fighting over a comatose man (played by Dave Evans, former boyfriend of Fahey's Bananarama bandmate Keren Woodward[2][citation needed]).

The video won Best Video at the 1993 Music Week Awards andAwards, and was the subject of a spoof by comediennes French & Saunders. The epic promo was featured in the Top 100 Music Videos of all time by Channel 4[2]. Archive footage of this video, and a parody was used in the novelty Christmas song Mr Blobby.

London released the single in a special two-part Digi-pack sleeve. The first part came in the fold-out cardboard digi-pack which featured lyrics and a picture on the inside of Fahey and Detroit from the promo-video. This CD featured "Stay" on tracks one and two and "The Trouble With Andre" on track three. The second CD, issued a week later, featured four tracks including a compilation of various tracks from the album (to aid its promotion). This CD came in a slip-card case and was a picture disc which fitted into the digi-pack. Overseas issues were not in the form of a digi-pack and consisted of the standard CD case with the same three tracks on all issues.


Tracks: 


1. Stay
2. I Don't Care




Enjoy :)
