Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Obsessed" is a song performed by American R&B singer Mariah Carey, from her 12th studio album, Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel. The song produced and written by Carey, The-Dream and Christopher "Tricky" Stewart was released to US radio on June 16, 2009 as the first single from the album which is scheduled for a September 29, 2009 release.

In July the single debuted at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 making it Carey's highest chart debut since 1998. So far the single has reached number 15 in Canada, 18 in Australia and 16 in Japan with further releases scheduled in August 2009. It was performed live for the first time on the August 5, 2009 episode of America's Got Talent.

The music video was directed by Brett Ratner and was shot from June 28, 2009 to June 29, 2009. Throughout the video, Carey plays herself and a male stalker. She alters her appearance to play her stalker by wearing a fake goatee along with male clothing. Two videos were shot for "Obsessed", one for the original version, and one for the remixed version, which features Gucci Mane. Both videos share a similar storyline. Carey announced on Twitter that the premiere of the "Obsessed" music video would be featured on the July 15, 2009 episode of America's Got Talent. Although the full video was expected to be shown on America's Got Talent, it only turned out to be a 2-minute preview. The full video premiered on Yahoo! Music the same day. Director Brett Ratner talked to MTV about the video: "It's not about Eminem -- we weren't like, 'Let's find an Eminem look-alike,'" he told MTV News about the stalker character in the video, which he originally wanted to be played by Ellen DeGeneres. "We weren't talking to any Eminem [look-alikes]. I guess it's a good rumor, but I don't think it's true. I don't really know. I never asked her, but then when I recommended Ellen, that's where she got the idea. [The video] was inspired by a movie that I love called 'King of Comedy,' when Sandra Bernhard was stalking Jerry Lewis -- and that's why I wanted to move it to New York," he said, adding, "Mariah loves Mean Girls. I think it's funny [when the stalker gets hit with the bus like in the film] ..." Carey visited 106 & Park to premiere the remix video for "Obsessed" on July 23, 2009.

The video begins with Carey speaking the line, "And I was like, why are you so obsessed with me?" Next, she is seen stepping out of her limousine and entering the Plaza Hotel in New York City. Carey is later shown walking in various places, while clearly noticing that she is being stalked by a man wearing a gray hoodie and sweatpants. In various scenes of the video, Carey is shown avoiding the stalker as well as taking part in a photo shoot. Also in various scenes the video shows the stalker's room with Mariah wallpaper, blankets, dolls, posters, magazines, and countless other Mariah collectibles. As the video comes to an end, she waits for her limousine to arrive at the hotel. However, before she gets inside, she notices the stalker attempting to take a picture of her. She then looks directly into his camera and gives a smile. The video then shows the stalker again, still attempting to take a picture, right before a bus hits him. Carey gasps in shock after witnessing the incident. The video closes with more shots of the photo shoot. The scene where the stalker gets hit by a bus, and the opening line Mariah speaks, are both references to the 2004 film, Mean Girls.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

