Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"I See You (Theme from Avatar)" is a pop ballad performed by British singer Leona Lewis. It was written and produced by composer James Horner, Simon Franglen and Kuk Harrell for the soundtrack album to the high-grossing film by James Cameron, Avatar. It was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Original Song at the 67th Golden Globe Awards in 2010, but lost to "The Weary Kind" from Crazy Heart.

The music video featuring audio from the radio edit was released on December 15, 2009. It was directed by Jake Nava.

James Horner composed the score for James Cameron's upcoming big screen project Avatar and recruited Lewis to perform "I See You (Theme from Avatar)" which is played during the closing credits of the film. The song's producers James Horner and Simon Franglen were responsible for Celine Dion's Grammy-winning single "My Heart Will Go On" from the film Titanic, for which Horner also composed the film's score. Lewis recorded the song after being invited to watch the making of Avatar; afterwards, she declared about the film and recording the song that,

    I hope aliens are like the Na'vi. I really like them. They care about the things I'm passionate about - nature, the planet, the environment. This song required a powerful performance so I had to find an emotional connection. I found one to them.

James Cameron intended to release the song as a single, thinking it would match the success of Dion's 1998 song, although Lewis was reluctant, as she had just released her sophomore album, Echo. The Sun reported from a source that, "Leona was delighted to be part of Avatar but the song was never supposed to be released. But her cover of 'Run' wasn't meant to be released either - and look how well that did."

Leona Louise Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is an English pop and R&B singer–songwriter. Lewis rose to fame in 2006 as the winner of the third series of the British television series The X Factor.

Lewis has become a multi-platinum selling artist and three time Grammy Award nominee. She was proclaimed 'Top New Artist' by Billboard magazine in 2008. Lewis has released two albums to date, Spirit and Echo, in 2007 and 2009 respectively. Spirit became the fastest-selling debut album and the biggest seller of 2007 in both the United Kingdom and Ireland, and made Lewis the first British solo artist to top the Billboard 200 with a debut album. It has sold over 6.5 million copies worldwide.

Lewis's debut single "A Moment Like This" became the fastest selling UK single after being downloaded over 50,000 times within thirty minutes of its release. Her second single, "Bleeding Love", reached number one positions in over thirty singles charts around the world. In November 2008 she set a record in the UK for the fastest selling download-only release with her cover version of the Snow Patrol song "Run" which sold 69,244 copies in two days. In November 2009, the first set of dates for her 2010 debut world tour were announced.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

