Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"As Long as I Fall" is a song by Helloween, a German power metal band, and was released as the single from their album Gambling with the Devil  on the 28th of September. This song marks the first time that Helloween have released a single as download only, although it was available as a disk in Japan. Although having a darker approach in the verses the song turns quite happy in the chorus. The lyrics are about the lack of civil courage.

Gambling with the Devil is the twelfth studio album by Helloween and was released on 23 October 2007. The single As Long as I Fall is download only and was released in late September.

Overall the whole album has a much darker atmosphere than the past Helloween releases. It serves more as a throwback to the band's 2000 album The Dark Ride. At the same time however the album has a different feel mainly because of the fact that the two songwriters that took Helloween in that dark direction in the first place, Roland Grapow and Uli Kusch (who wrote 7 tracks in Better Than Raw and The Dark Ride) are no longer in the band. Keyboards are also utilized more frequently than on previous releases, such as in the main riff of As Long as I Fall.

The spoken vocal lines on Crack the Riddle is contributed by Saxon vocalist Biff Byford.

Helloween is a German power metal band founded in the mid 1980s by members of Iron Fist and Powerfool. The band is known as one of the pioneering power metal bands, being part of the German heavy/speed/power metal scene. Through the years they have influenced many bands, such as Edguy, HammerFall, Crystal Eyes, Celesty and Highland Glory.

Helloween formed in 1984 in Hamburg, Germany. The original line-up included Kai Hansen on vocals and guitar, Michael Weikath on guitar, Markus Grosskopf on bass, and Ingo Schwichtenberg on drums. That year, the band signed with Noise Records and recorded two songs for a Noise compilation record called Death Metal. The compilation featured the bands Hellhammer, Running Wild, and Dark Avenger. The two tracks were "Oernst of Life" by Weikath and Hansen's "Metal Invaders," a faster version of which would appear on the band's first full-length album.

Helloween recorded and released its first record in 1985, a self-titled EP containing 5 tracks. Also that year, the band released its first full-length album, Walls of Jericho. During the following concert tour, Hansen had difficulties singing and playing the guitar at the same time. Kai's last recording as the band's lead singer was in 1986 on an EP titled Judas, which contained the song "Judas" and some live tracks. Following these releases, Helloween began the search for a new vocalist. 

The band found an 18-year-old singer, Michael Kiske, from a local Hamburg band named Ill Prophecy. With their new lead singer in tow, Helloween approached record labels Noise International and RCA and proposed the release of a double-LP to introduce the new line-up. This proposition was turned down. Instead, they recorded a single LP, Keeper of the Seven Keys Part I, which was released in 1987. In 1988, Helloween released Keeper of the Seven Keys Part II, the companion album. MTV put the single "I Want Out" into heavy rotation and in support of its "Headbanger's Ball" show. MTV also presented the inaugural Headbanger's Ball Tour with Helloween joining San Francisco Bay area thrash-metal band Exodus in support of headlining act Anthrax. The band was slotted in the prestigious second spot, right before Anthrax's set. On the heels of this exposure to US audiences, the band achieved worldwide success.

Guitarist Kai Hansen unexpectedly left the band soon after the European leg of the Keeper of the Seven Keys Part II tour, due to conflicts within the band, troubles with Noise International, and a growing dissatisfaction with life on tour. He was soon replaced by former Rampage guitarist Roland Grapow, who finished the rest of the tour with the band.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/