Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Tres Hombres is the third album by American  blues-rock  band ZZ Top, released in 1973. It proved to be the group's commercial breakthrough attracting a larger fanbase. The album hit the top ten while the single "La Grange" hit 41 on the singles chart.

The name means "Three Men" in Spanish, referring to the three members of the band.

In 2003, the album was ranked number 498 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.

During the height of ZZ Tops' success in the early 1980s a"digitally remixed" version of the recording replaced the original 1973 analog mix. The remix version was used on all early CD copies and was the only version available for over 20 years. A remastered and expanded edition of the album was released on February 28, 2006, which contains three bonus live tracks. The 2006 edition is the first CD version to use the original 1973 mix.

In January 1973, ZZ Top opened for The Rolling Stones three shows in Hawaii. They also began recording with engineer Terry Manning at Ardent Studios in Memphis. The resultant third album, Tres Hombres (1973), was the first for which the band gained a million-seller and wide acclaim. Hombres featured ZZ's classic hit "La Grange", written about the Chicken Ranch, a famous La Grange, Texas bordello (that was also the subject of the musical The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas). Other album cuts like "Waitin' for the Bus" and its immediate follower "Jesus Just Left Chicago" became fan favorites and rock-radio staples.

ZZ Top (pronounced /ˌziːˌziː ˈtɒp/) is an American  blues rock band, formed in 1969 in Houston, Texas. Comprising of Billy Gibbons (vocals and guitar), Dusty Hill (vocals, bass, and keyboards), and Frank Beard (drums and percussion), ZZ Top was ranked number 44 on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock." The trio's original lineup has been intact for over 40 years; their longevity together of 41 years has placed them second only to the Four Tops, whose original band members remained intact from 1953 until the death of Lawrence Payton in 1997. ZZ Top retained the services of the same manager, Bill Ham, until September, 2006.

The bandmates' image has been as unchanging and memorable as their music. Their signature style of dress and accessories are hard to miss. Gibbons and Hill often use the same synchronized dance moves while performing onstage, and with few exceptions appear in public wearing sunglasses. The pair favor wearing similar black clothing (usually biker leathers) and various head gear which often include cowboy hats, baseball caps, and bandannas. Gibbons and Hill, who appear as twin frontmen wear chest-length untrimmed beards, although drummer Frank Beard has only a trimmed mustache. In 1984, the Gillette Company reportedly offered Gibbons and Hill $1 million each to shave their beards for a television commercial. They allegedly declined, saying "We're too ugly without 'em."

ZZ Top was inducted by Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on March 15, 2004. Cub Koda wrote, "As genuine roots musicians, they have few peers; Gibbons is one of America's finest blues guitarists working in the hard rock idiom ... while Hill and Beard provide the ultimate rhythm section support."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/