Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Whiskey in the Jar" is a famous Irish traditional song, set in the southern mountains of Ireland, with specific mention of Cork and Kerry counties, as well as Fenit, a village in Kerry county. It is about a highwayman, or perhaps a footpad, who is betrayed by his wife or lover, and is one of the most widely performed traditional Irish songs. It has been recorded by numerous professional artists since the 1950s. The song first gained wide exposure when the Irish folk band, The Dubliners, performed it internationally as a signature song, and recorded it on three albums in the 1960s. Building on their success, the Irish rock band Thin Lizzy hit the Irish and British pop charts with the song in the early 1970s. The American metal band Metallica  brought it to a wider rock audience in 1998 by playing a version very similar to that of Thin Lizzy's with a heavier sound, and won a Grammy for the song in 2000 for Best Hard Rock Performance.

The Thin Lizzy version begins:

    As I was goin' over the Cork and Kerry mountains.
    I saw Captain Farrell and his money he was counting.
    I first produced my pistol and then produced my rapier.
    I said: "Stand or deliver or the devil he may take ya".
    Yeah
    Musha ring dum-a do dum-a da, Whack for my daddy-o,
    Whack for my daddy-o, There's whiskey in the jar-o.

"Whiskey in the Jar" is the tale of a highwayman or footpad  ("As I was walkin' over Kilgary mountain") who, after robbing a military or government official ("for I am the bold deceiver"), is betrayed by a woman; whether she is his wife or sweetheart is not made clear. Various versions of the song take place in Kerry, Kilmoganny, Cork, Gilgarra Mountain, Sligo Town, and other locales throughout Ireland. It is also sometimes placed in the American South, in various places among the Ozarks or Appalachians, possibly due to Irish settlement in these places. Names in the song change, and the official can be a Captain or a Colonel, called Farrell or Pepper among other names. The protagonist's wife or lover is sometimes called Molly, Jenny, or Ginny among various other names, and the song's lyrics indicate at least one of his pistols bore the same name.

Whiskey In The Jar (sometimes spelt Whisky) is a compilation album by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy, originally released in 1996, covering the early part of their career. There are various versions of this album, released by different record companies, with the same track listing.

This album should not be confused with the many other Thin Lizzy compilation albums of the same name, with different track listings.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/