Ringo Starr - Birthday Bash (2010) [DVD5]
 
http://music-mix.ew.com/2010/07/08/ringo-starr-birthday-mccartney/

Ringo Starr - Birthday Bash At Radio City Music Hall 7-7-2010

On July 7, 2010, The Beatles FABULOUS and vastly under-rated drummer Ringo Starr celebrated his 70th Birthday at a concert with his "All Star Band" at New York's Radio City Music Hall. In addition to his "All Stars" band, which included Edgar Winter and Rick Derringer this year, Ringo was joined onstage, at the end of his concert, by dozens of his friends and family members -- including famous musicians, music biz execs, and John Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono. Ringo thanked us and said good night and everyone left the stage, the lights were dimmed once more... seconds later emerged Ringo's old friend and band-mate, Paul McCartney, flanked by the The Eagle's (and Jame's Gang) Superstar, Joe Walsh, Edgar Winter an Rick Derringer. Paul then launched into a rocking and rollicking version of the Beatles "Birthday," in honor or good ol' Ringo. Apparently Ringo was not expecting Paul and had to scramble back to his drum set to join in. And there it was... an extremely rare 1/2 Beatles reunion (I got great photos of that which will be posted soon -- stay tuned).

After the concert, all of the celebs and Ringo's friends and family went across the street for a party at "Top of the Sixes." An hour and a half later they began to stream out, including the man of the hour, Ringo Starr himself (who looked great and put on a great show for us), George Harrison's widow, Olivia Harrison and many others (Yoko Ono had been whisked away in a limo after the concert and did not attend the party). One of the lastto leave the party was none other than this gentleman above. The one we were all waiting for. However, I seem to have now forgotten his name.

At the end of the concert, Paul and Ringo shared a tender, public moment as they hugged... and from far away I do believe I saw the glistening of happy tears in both men's eyes. Not only had I seen a great concert put on by Ringo and his pals, but I had just seen an extremely rare 1/2 Beatles Reunion.

In this photo, Paul is seen leaving Ringo's birthday party. Right behind him is his girlfriend, Nancy Shevell. Moment's after this photo was taken, I scored a surprise "High-Five" from Paul as he leaned out of his window to say goodbye to his fans. How awesome is that!?

It Don't Come Easy (Ringo).
Honey Don't (Ringo / Carl Perkins).
Choose Love (Ringo).
Hang On Sloopy (Rick Derringer / The McCoys).
Free Ride (Edgar Winter).
Talking In Your Sleep (Wally Palmar / The Romantics).
I Wanna Be Your Man (Ringo / The Beatles).
Dream Weaver (Gary Wright).
Kyrie (Richard Page / Mr.Mister).
The Other Side Of Liverpool (Ringo).
Yellow Submarine (Ringo / The Beatles).
Frankenstein (Edgar Winter).
Peace Dream (Ringo).
Back Off Boogaloo (Ringo).
What I Like About You (Wally Palmar / The Romantics).
Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo (Rik Derringer).
Boys (Ringo / The Shirelles).
Love Is Alive (Gary Wright).
Broken Wings (Richard Page / Mr.Mister)(missing).
Photograph (Ringo).
Act Naturally (Ringo / Buck Owens).
With A Little Help From My Friends (Ringo and guest / The Beatles).
Give Peace A Chance (Ringo and guest / Plastic Ono Band).
Birthday (Paul McCartney / The Beatles).

Guests on With A Little Help From My Friends / Give Peace A Chances:
Yoko Ono, Jeff Lynne, Ray Davies, Max Weinberg, Steven Van Zandt, Joe Walsh, Nils Lofgren, Gary Brooker, Jack Bruce, Billy Squier, Colin Hay, Zak Starkey, Jim Keltner, Dr. John ant others.

