The keyword is "We"... 7 of the 8 scenes feature two girls generously sharing the cocks of Jake's lucky chosen studs. Director Malone comments from behind the camera, coaxing the girls through lesbian encounters to make certain the lovelies are horny and hungry. This is just the appetizer, prepping them (and us) for the entree which comes (and comes!) with the arrival of a fully hard and ready-for-action man. There's no time wasted in Malone's world of instant gratification.

Marcos Banderas gets his shaft sucked by two natural breasted cuties including Asian delight London Keys, who deep throats with some help from Natasha Nice, forcing her pal's head for maximum gag effect. Both ladies get their just desserts, hungrily lapping and sperm swapping while the director greets the assembled fuckers, "Welcome to Jake's House of Hardcore!" With Malone, we know to expect some fetish twists and wacky segues. Stephanie and Jesse have fun shooting a machine gun from the sunny balcony into the canyons surrounding his California lair. Why? To establish that these two are "bad-ass bitches" who spank, lick asshole and subserviently crawl on all fours in their approach to the cock that Jake provides for them to suck in every imaginable position, including head hanging upside down while Malone's gloved hand fondles the young nubiles. Francesca and Tara are the experienced, spit-laden gaggers who play rough with each other and then treat Steven to a tit-fucking good time. Blonde Bridgette B. and her massive boobs carry the movie's only one-on-one scene ... it starts as an outdoor romp with Marco but soon morphs into a real POV with the gorgeous BB talking dirty, staring right into the camera and creating that sensation that it's the viewer getting the ultimate suck-off by a brown-eyed, big-titted blonde. She keeps those eyes open while draining every drop of cum past her pretty mouth and down her open throat. Likewise, Lily and Michelle suck Joe's balls and cock with the same cum-drenching abandon we've cum to expect. Sophie and Leslie's segment is a fetish kidnap fantasy with buxom Brit Sophie as a hooded witch dominant. Sophie runs roughshod over Leslie, who's chomping at the bit (literally chomping on a horse bit) while receiving electrical shock to her nipples. Her training complete, she's rewarded with more humiliation and a mouthful of Lee's big, black cock. Sophie shows her how to suck that cock and then whips her ass while she takes her turn in slavery to the black cock. Her basted face finale is a blow job fan's delight. Lithe and lean Emy and Tessa deliver a change-up with a nice, fun POV-style suck for Joe Blow... and then the finale: Jake regulars Allie Haze and Gracie Glam are dressed to the nines in thigh high boots, fishnets and satin gloves for a stylized send-off that ends with a double facial and a lingering camera shot on two of the cutest cum-splattered faces ever... We lick. We spank. We gag. We swallow. We Suck.