Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"It's All Too Much" is a song by The Beatles which first appeared on the 1969 Yellow Submarine film soundtrack album. It was written and sung by George Harrison. It was originally recorded in 1967, shortly before the release of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, and had been slated to appear on the next album, Magical Mystery Tour, but it was pushed back.

The song contains several lines taken from other works; the "With your long blonde hair and your eyes of blue" line was from The Merseys' "Sorrow", and at one point the trumpets seem to emulate Jeremiah Clarke's "Prince of Denmark's March".

The song was recorded at De Lane Lea Studios, making it one of only a very few Beatles tracks not recorded at Abbey Road Studios. Harrison and John Lennon played lead guitars on the song, and Harrison played organ and bass harmonica. Other than their earlier hit "I Feel Fine", this was the only other Beatles track to use feedback extensively. The track had the working title of "Too Much".

A mono mix, over eight minutes long and containing all of the lyrics plus a much longer ending than the eventual released versions, has never been released officially, but has been found on many bootleg recordings.

The best-known version of the song was further edited down to over six minutes long and appears on the Yellow Submarine soundtrack album. The version of the song that appeared in the film itself is slightly different and contained a lyric that was cut from the album version:

"Nice to have the time to take this opportunity/Time for me to look at you and you to look at me." However, this lyric remains in the eight minute mono mix. Just before this lyric is another refrain not used in either the movie or the soundtrack albums: "It's all too much for me to take/There's plenty more for everybody/The more you give, the more you get/The more it is and it's too much."

Yellow Submarine is a 1968  animated  feature film based on the music of The Beatles. It is also the title for the soundtrack album to the feature film, released as part of the Beatles' music catalogue. The film was directed by animation producer George Dunning, and produced by United Artists (UA) and King Features Syndicate. The real Beatles participated only in the closing scene of the film, with the fictional counterparts of the Beatles voiced by other actors.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

