Paperback: 736 pages 
Publisher: Xlibris Corporation (April 7, 2008) 
Language: English 
ISBN-10: 1436328020 
ISBN-13: 978-1436328029

 In the Pacific Northwest freedom-minded, racially-conscious Americans have had enough, but it’s not enough that they’re simply “…mad as hell and not gonna take it any more.” They undertake to throw off the yoke of tyranny, and in so doing they use bullets and bombs to unravel the fabric of an evil, totalitarian society.

Covington creates a Northwest Volunteer Army (NVA), complete with an underground command structure, sabotage and espionage agents, a CIA-like internal security force, a well-trained guerrilla militia, and an above-ground support system of sympathizers.


Shane Ryan is a wrong guy. Wrong race. Wrong gender. Wrong class. Wrong side of the tracks. Wrong attitude. America in the near future is a cold, cruel place, especially in the hardscrabble rural Pacific Northwest. There's war in the Middle East, a revived draft, mass unemployment, an economy permanently on the skids, greed and corruption, incompetence and stupidity at the top. Poor blue-collar kids from the trailer park are last in line for everything. America has screwed Shane Ryan, and he returns the favor. He joins the Northwest Volunteer Army, a terrorist organization dedicated to overthrowing the United States government and establishing an independent nation. America is about to learn the hard way that what goes around, comes around.


The final novel of the Quartet, The Brigade (735 pp.), is Covington’s finest literary achievement. The plot is gripping, the writing is superb, and the climaxes are shatteringly powerful. It is set in Western Oregon, in and around Portland. Its story spans the whole war of independence.






"...But the Northwest Quartet is not merely a literary achievement, for these are novels of ideas, and they establish Harold Covington as the most significant American National Socialist thinker since George Lincoln Rockwell. Covington diagnoses what is wrong with America and the current racialist movement, proposes a political solution, and lays out a great deal of sound organizational, strategic, and tactical thinking on how to bring it to fruition. And by communicating these ideas in novels, rather than essays or treatises, Covington assures that they reach a broader popular audience at a deeper emotional and motivational level...."