Description: See screenshots!
 
http://femdomclub.net

Welcome to my site Russian Mistress. My site updates the life and practice of the professional Mistresses in Russia. I make photosets in the two main cities of Russia, that is Moscow and Saint Petersburg. I do try to make photosets of the most attractive Mistresses. Some of the Mistresses do not have a model look. However, they are familiar with all kind of technique of the humiliation and domination over men. While they are mistreating the men all of them experience a real contentment and pleasure.
There is a comfortable navigation in my site. It holds the tones of the photographs and video clips.
The main topics of my site are: Domination, Humiliation, Foot worshiping, whipping, Bondage, Strap on and Golden Shower. I personally myself make photosets of all of the materials. I have good relationships with all of the Mistresses and frequently spend my leisure time in their company. We share our impressions about BDSM in Russia and in the personal experience, with each other. This allows me to understand the detail and specific features of the domination both from the perspective of the Mistress and my own one; both operator's perspective and the one of the participator of the activity.
In the process of doing photosets many curious things are taking place. Although they are out of the site, I am willing to share some of the stories about this with you. Hence, if you are interested in something you are welcome to give your questions in my guest book.
My site was launched in 1999 year. At the very beginning of my work I was making the video clips the format of which was real media and bad quality. I have more prospects and opportunities for set out my material on the hosting now. Hence I decided to modify all the old clips and shift it into the new video files with a quite a good quality. In addition I am planning to implicate the titles in English in all of the video clips, as well. I will expose all of my video clips gradually in view of the bonus updating.
Quality: CamRip
Format: WMV
Video codec: Windows Media
Audio Codec: WMA
Video: Windows Media Video 8, 640x480, 30.00fps, 984Kbps
Audio: Windows Media Audio, 44100Hz, stereo, 64Kbps