Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 1 of 6 
Audio CD: August 3, 2004 
Original Release Date: 1979 
Label: Bear Family, Import; Boxed Set; Germany 
Format: Box set 

Uncle Dave Macon -- "The Dixie Dewdrop" -- is a pivotal artist in early country music.  Influenced early in life by circus and vaudeville performers who passed through his family's hotel in Nashville, Dave was exposed to many styles of performance and in 1885 he met banjo player Joel Davidson and became captivated by the instrument.  By the 1890s, Dave was entertaining stagecoach passengers with banjo tunes and comic antics from a homemade stage on the roof of the family's barn. 

Uncle Dave Macon was one of the first country stars to record, the first star of the Grand Ole Opry, and one of the first members elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Possibly one of the finest sets out.  If you want to really understand the depth of early country music, then you must have this set.  Macon had all the styles and showmanship that influenced everyone from Charlie Poole to Bill Monroe.  Every single song that was ever issued by Macon is contained on this set and the book is an incredible read. Most recommended! ~ Ben Dewberry

This is the best box set for the hardcore Uncle Dave Macon fan.  If you want to hear live tracks you have never had access to, and if you want to find out what the older tracks that were only released on 78 rpm are all about, you need this box!  The book is wonderful with newly found photos and a very detailed discography of the recordings! Probably, a little too rich for the casual fan. ~ M. Bailey

Please see for more information - Schon55 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Dave_Macon

Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 1 of 6 
01  Keep My Skillet Good And Greasy
02  Hill Billie Blues
03  Old Maid's Last Hope (A Burglar Song)
04  All I've Got's Gone
05  The Fox Chase
06  Papa's Billie Goat
07  The Little Old Log Cabin In The Lane
08  (She Was Always) Chewing Gum
09  Jonah And The Whale
10  I'm Going Away To Leave You, Love
11  Love Somebody
12  Soldier's Joy
13  Bile Them Cabbage Down
14  Down By The River
15  Run, N...., Run
16  Old Dan Tucker
17  Station Will Be Changed After A While
18  Rooster Crow Medley
19  Going Across The Sea
20  Just From Tennessee
21  Watermelon Smilin' On The Vine
22  All-Go-Hungry Hash House
23  From Jerusalem To Jericho
24  I Tickled Nancy
25  Arkansas Traveler
26  The Girl I Left Behind Me