 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa


Jermaine La Jaune Jackson (born December 11, 1954) is an American singer, bassist, composer, former member of The Jackson 5, older brother of American pop stars Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson and occasional film director.
Jermaine Jackson is the fourth child of Joseph and Katherine Jackson, born in Gary, Indiana after his brother Tito Jackson.[1] He was raised as a Jehovah's Witness by his devout mother (though he later converted to Islam in 1989 after a trip to the Middle East and has been staunch supporter of peace in the region). Jermaine was the original lead singer of the Jackson Brothers—an earlier incarnation of The Jackson Five—until 1968, when younger brother Michael began assisting with lead vocals. He remained the co-lead singer with Michael for many years. Jackson graduated from Birmingham High School in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California in 1973,[2] where he was described in the yearbook as the "most talented" and "best dressed."
Jackson and his brothers signed with Motown Records in 1968. As the co-lead singer of The Jackson 5 after his brother Michael, Jackson sang notable parts of "I Want You Back", "I'll Be There", "I Am Love", "Dancing Machine", "Standing in the shadow of love", "Stand", "Born to love you", "Chained", "Touch", "Ask for the lonely", "Ain't nothing like the real thing", "Don't want to see you tomorrow", "Ooh, I'd love to be with you", "Breezy", "Through thick and thin," "Body Language," and many other Jackson 5 songs. In 1975, after six years performing with his brothers, Jermaine split from the Jackson 5 to continue his solo career at Motown Records while the other Jackson brothers left to sign with Epic Records.
Like Michael, Jermaine began a solo career while still a member of The Jackson 5, and had a hit with the 1972 Shep and the Limelites cover "Daddy's Home". When The Jackson 5 left Motown, Jermaine left the group and stayed at Motown. Some thought it was because he was married to Hazel Gordy, the daughter of Motown founder Berry Gordy, but on the reality TV series starring him and the other members of the group, minus Michael, he said it was because "CBS was gonna make us like the Beatles. We were the Jackson 5 and that's all I wanted."
Jermaine was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for his 1980 album Let's Get Serious. He had numerous Hot 100 Top 30 hits throughout the 1970s and 1980s, including "Daddy's Home" (#9), "That's How Love Goes", "Let's Be Young Tonight", "Bass Odyssey", "Feel the Fire", "Let Me Tickle Your Fancy" (featuring Devo on backing vocals) (#18), "Let's Get Serious" (#9, also one of his only two UK hits, peaking at #8), "Dynamite" (#15), "Do What You Do" (#13), and "I Think It's Love" (#16). A duet with his brother Michael, "Tell Me I'm Not Dreamin' (Too Good to Be True)", hit #1 on the dance chart in 1984. He and Michael also collaborated with Rockwell, both providing guest vocals on his 1984 hit single, "Somebody's Watching Me". In 1985, his duet with Pia Zadora, When the Rain Begins to Fall, topped several singles charts in Europe. His final chart success, 1989's "Don't Take It Personal", hit #1 on the Billboard R&B singles chart. Some of Jermaine's finest moments as a singer can be heard in the soulful "Castle of Sand" and the Earth Wind & Fire inspired "You Need To Be Loved".
Jackson is proficient on the electric guitar and is a talented bass guitar player. Already at an early age he performed the parts of legendary bass player James Jamerson etc when J5 performed live. Jermaine also composed and produced for other artists like Switch. He also produced and sang a couple of duets on Whitney Houston's debut album on Arista Records. In 1992, he produced The Jacksons: An American Dream, an award-winning and highly-rated miniseries about the history of The Jackson 5. Jermaine Jr. portrayed his father as a young teenager in the miniseries.
n June 25, 2009, Jermaine's younger brother Michael died as a result of cardiac arrest at age 50. A public memorial service was held on July 7, 2009. At the Michael Jackson memorial, Jermaine performed Michael's favorite song "Smile" as a tribute to his late brother.
Jackson was the first housemate to enter the Celebrity Big Brother UK house in 2007. He steered clear of the controversy caused by the series, avoiding confrontation and offering moral support to fellow housemate Shilpa Shetty against bullying from fellow housemates Jade Goody, Danielle Lloyd, and Jo O'Meara. He was often considered to be the most stable minded in the house. During a task in the Big Brother house, the housemates had to create a tribute band for The Jackson 5. The performance of "I Want You Back" helped put The Jackson 5 back in the UK charts at #53. The final three consisted of Dirk Benedict, Jermaine Jackson, and Shilpa Shetty. After leaving Big Brother,[3] Jackson did several interviews on UK television, stating why and how he took his peaceful and mediating stance in the Big Brother house. He also spoke about the Jackson 5 reuniting for a performance. Jackson was part of the second season of the CMT reality show Gone Country. On one episode, he admitted that he needs to sleep with the lights on in an exchange with roomie Sebastian Bach. When Bach probed Jackson further, Jackson said that he "sees people" from the 1800s if he sleeps with the lights off
