FASSinating



screens CD1 + CD2 (+ large DVD-covers): 
http://www.cmylink.com/FASSinating





Actresses

    * Andy Brown                  [Facial]
    * Jacqueline Stone            [Anal Facial A2M]
    * Lora Croft (Lara Craft)     [Anal]
    * Sunny Jay (as Nina)         [Anal Facial A2M]
    * Stacy Silver                [Anal Facial A2M]

   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Jacqueline Stone, Nick Lang
    * Scene 2. Frank Major, Girl
    * Scene 3. Leslie Taylor, Stacy Silver
    * Scene 4. Lora Croft, Renato
    * Scene 5. Sunny Jay, Wein Lewis
    * Scene 6. Andy Brown, Frank Major


Studio:          21Sextury
Released:        2005
Format:          Xvid
Language:        English


REVIEW:

Fassinating Vol. 1 keeps things simple. Start with a hot European chick. Put her with a good guy. Have them fuck vaginal a couple positions, anal a couple positions, and then finish it with a good pop on the face if possible.

Scene 1 - Jacqueline Stones and Nick Lang

When Nick comes home, he finds the children in bed and knockout blonde babysitter Jacqueline completely naked and diddling herself in a chair in the living room. He bends over to suck her nicely little tits and slides a finger into her moist muff before moving down to tongue it as well. Nick stands back up so Jacqueline can suck his cock, and they quickly start acting like he’s going to pop, right down to Nick saying “Here is comes”. Instead of popping, he moves behind Jacqueline to tongue each of her holes and fuck her doggie style. He eats her again before letting her bounce on his bone reverse cowgirl style, and then fingers and tongues her ass before fucking it as Jacqueline lies on her side for him. Jacqueline shows off some nice gapes as Nick fucks her ass, and rolls over onto all fours as he fucks her. They keep things moving with a little reverse cowgirl anal before Jacqueline hops down and sucks Nick to a nice slow pop across her mouth and chin.

This is a nice opening scene. The setup is very brief, but it’s all that’s needed to establish a little something between Nick and Jacqueline. They seem to have pretty good chemistry with each other and put some nice energy into the scene as well. Jacqueline doesn’t shy away from either the anal or the ass to mouth, and looks gorgeous. This is a very good start for the movie.

Scene 2 - Isabel and Frank Major

When Isabel, a very cute dark haired girl with a natural rack and a dark complexion, orders a pizza, she figures she has a little time to wait before it arrives. She lets her hands wander around her body for a minute or two while waiting, and then brings the pizza guy in so that she can get some of his tip to give him his. They grope each other a little and she lets Frank suck her tits before having him stand back up so she can mouth his manhood. They move to the couch where Frank plays with Isabel’s bald beaver as she sucks his cock a little more before she climbs up to ride him cowgirl style. He plays with her ass a little as she rides him before sliding his cock into it, and then fucks it from behind. Frank spoons Isabel’s pussy as well before she sucks him to a facial.

This is another pretty good scene. Isabel is very cute and I love that she has a more natural female body style rather than being the skeleton that has taken over so much of the adult work. She puts out some very good vocals, and both she and Frank seem to be very into each other. There’s some very nice energy and a good feel to the entire scene. This is another nicely done anal scene.

Scene 3 - Stacey Silver and Leslie Taylor

After a little celebration, blonde Stacy and long and dark haired Leslie find themselves alone in a room. They kiss and dance around a little while groping each other before Leslie moves down to work Stacey’s lower unit over orally. Stacey rewards Leslie by working on his cock with her mouth and tits before bending over and letting him take her from behind. Stacey climbs up for a cowgirl ride before lying back in a chair so Leslie can work her holes over with his tongue and fingers before finally fucking her ass. She bounces on his bone reverse cowgirl style and then gets down to suck her ass off Leslie’s cock and take it in the can doggie style. Finally, Stacey finishes things up with a nice facial from Leslie.

This is a pretty hot scene. Normally masked sex doesn’t do a lot for me because I think it severely holds back the chemistry of the scene. Here, however, Leslie and Stacey seem very into each other. There’s some nice vocals and energy, and Stacey also lets her nasty side out very well. This is one of the best masked sex scenes I think I’ve seen.

Scene 4 - Lara Craft and Renato

Very cute brunette Lara finds Renato relaxing on the couch. She gives him a smile I’m not sure any mortal man could resist as she runs her hands up and down his pants and chest before greeting him with a beautiful smile with lit up eyes as he sits up and slides a hand up under her shirt. Lara lies back on the couch for Renato to work her over with his tongue and fingers before giving him a little oral attention in reciprocation. She gets on all fours for Renato to fuck her from behind, and he makes sure to put his thumb to work massaging Lara’s ass a little as he fucks her pussy. Renato also fucks Lara missionary style and spoons her smoothly shaven slit before slowly sliding it into Lara’s ass as she gives him a nod of approval. She shows off some nice gaping and they kiss passionately while buttfucking before Lara moves up to ride Renato reverse cowgirl style. Finally, he pulls out of her ass and sprays his milk of manesia all over her bald beaver as Lara gives a smile of satisfaction.

This was the scene I looked forward to most in Fassinating (with Laura Lion and Sandra De Marco following close behind). Lara continued to impress me here, and had a bubbly personality combined with an great appetite for sex. Her smile melted me right away here and most of her performance seemed very natural. I liked seeing the little nods from her during the anal, as it showed she had a partner who cared about her. They turn out a very nice anal scene here, and it left me happy that I checked out Lara here while looking forward for more from her in the future.

Scene 5 - Nina and Patrick Lewis

When cute brunette Nina sees Patrick walking up to her apartment building below, she waves him up to join her. They kiss passionately while stripping down and giving each other a little tease. Patrick makes the first big move by giving Nina’s twat a little tongue and finger before letting her mouth his manhood in return. Patrick fucks Nina first from behind, and then picks her up and sets her down for a reverse cowgirl ride. Nina lets Patrick move from her pussy to her ass as she bounces on his cock, and shows off an okay gape as well. He moves on to spoon her ass before letting her get down to suck him to a facial.

This is a pretty good scene. Nina is a cute brunette with a nice body and seems to know how to use it. She and Patrick seemed to have nice chemistry and they moved things along pretty well. Unfortunately, it seemed to fall in a little bit of a rut by reminding me a little too much of the previous scenes. This is a pretty good scene that would have been even better if it wasn’t so much like the other scenes here.

Scene 6 - Andy Brown and Frank Major

Andy, an okay looking brunette with her hair in corn rows and a face that seems prone to a sneer, starts out the final scene channel surfing in some pink lingerie while Frank naps on the bed next to her. She grabs the partially empty wine bottle and has a few swigs before reaching for her pocket rocket and turning it loose on her pussy. Frank wakes up hearing Andy working herself over, and gropes her nicely natural tits while kissing her before moving down to work her bald beaver over with his tongue and finger. He grabs the wine bottle and fucks her pussy with it while she strokes his cock before giving her a little more finger action and letting her suck his cock. Frank gives Andy some dick missionary style before sliding behind her to spoon her pussy, and then works her ass over with a glass dildo and the bottle as Andy presents herself to him on all fours. Frank goes back for a little more of Andy’s pussy doggie style before letting Andy ride him reverse cowgirl style. Finally, Andy sucks and strokes him until he gives her a nice explosion of cum in her mouth and in front of her face.

This is a pretty hot scene. Although Andy has a smoking figure, her face made me a little apprehensive going into the scene. She delivers a solid fuck, and does a nice job with the toy and bottle play as well. Unfortunately, her restricting Frank to her pussy held the scene back for me a little. It’s a hot scene, but a little full-on anal would have really been nice.


Fassinating Vol. 1 is a pretty good start to the series. To begin with, the cast is very nice looking and for a change that doesn’t just mean the girls. Both the girls and the guys are good looking, and they all seem to enjoy anal (although I’m not sure how much the guys like to receive). Andrew Youngman does a nice job directing, and the camera work gives a very nice balance of the scenes. There are so many newer people behind the camera that seem to overly focus on the penetration, and Youngman seems to know how to capture that as well as the people involved with the penetration so that you can almost always have a clear view of the action as well as a good look at how the people are responding to it. This helped the chemistry out in the entire movie for me, and also helped me enjoy the entire movie a bit more because of it. The problem I had with the movie was that the action seemed very limited. Every scene seemed to be oral, two vaginal positions, and then two anal positions. This might not matter for the person who only watches one scene at a time, but if you like to sit down and see how far you can make it through the movie, there’s a chance you might get a little bored by feeling like you’ve already seen something before. It wouldn’t take much to mix it up either. Add an interracial scene, an anal cream pie finish (part of what stood out about Lara’s scene to me was her taking the pop on her pussy rather than her face), or let somebody go straight to the anal rather than bothering with the pussy. Let them use some toys for warmup or a little rimming back and forth. There’s plenty of things that could be done to spice up Fassinating Vol. 1, and if Youngman can do it successfully I know that I’ll be looking for much more of this series in the future.



The Down -n- Dirty Sex Stuff

Themes: Straight, rimming (male > female), anal, ass to mouth, masturbation (very light), and toys

Raincoat Factor: Very high

Condom Usage: None

The Bottom Line:
Currently, 21Sextury’s DVDs can be found online for about $30. At this price I can’t justify it, but if you can find somewhere to rent it I’d definitely recommend it. The sex is pretty good, although it does get a bit repetitive. The technical aspects are nicely done and show some good care, but there isn’t a lot of effort put into the extras. For a new company, this is a pretty good start (with the exception of the horribly false cast advertising).




3,800+ porn torrents: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens

(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)



