File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.

"Touch My Body" is a song co-written by American singer Mariah Carey, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Crystal "Cri$tyle" Johnson and The-Dream for Carey's eleventh studio album, E=MC². Produced by Carey, Stewart and Nash, it was released as the lead single of the album. The song is Carey's eighteenth number 1 single on the Billboard Hot 100 and it gave Mariah her 79th week at number 1 on that chart.

The music video starts with an employee of a fictional company called "CompuNerd" arriving at Carey's mansion, played by Jack McBrayer. As she leads him up the stairs, she removes her robe revealing black lingerie and begins to sing. She warns him that there better not be a camera in the room. The following scenes are a fantasy of the computer technician, including a pillow fight, laser tag, playing slot cars, a unicorn, and Carey in various sexy outfits. Carey is apparently a willing participant in the antics. The video ends with Carey waking the computer technician from his daydream.

The music video was directed by Brett Ratner. Carey reported that Ratner was commissioned to direct and film the video due to the fact that he also directed Carey's videos for "I Still Believe," "Heartbreaker," "Thank God I Found You," "It's like That," and "We Belong Together." In an interview with AllHipHop.com, Ratner said, "Mariah is musically at the top of her game and has never looked better... This will be our 6th music video we have collaborated on and definitely the best one yet visually, as well as musically. The video for "Touch My Body" is the perfect combination of fantasy and comedy with Mariah looking more beautiful than she has ever looked, ever." The video was filmed at Lenny Kravitz's house. The video also stars Jack McBrayer from 30 Rock, a show that Carey is a fan of. Carey appeared on MTV's Total Request Live and BET's 106 & Park on Wednesday, February 27, 2008, to premiere the video for "Touch My Body"; BET also played the video all day, every hour on the hour, until 106 & Park. VH1 posted a 45-second sneak peek on their blog on February 26, and subsequently posted the video in its entirety at midnight on February 27, 2008; the video was also posted on the Island Records website. The music video topped the U.S. Billboard Hot Videoclip Tracks chart.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

