File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"There You Go" is a song written and performed by Pink. It was her debut single from her debut album Can't Take Me Home. The song peaked at #7 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, #2 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart and #6 on the UK singles chart.

The song was written by Pink, Kevin "She'kspere" Briggs and Kandi Burruss. It was also produced by "She'kspere". The song talks about a Pink relationship that has ended, but her partner wants Pink back.

The single was also a big hit in Australia, and was accredited Platinum with sales of over 70,000.

In the music video, an ex-boyfriend of Pink's calls her up asking for a ride, so she reluctantly agrees to pick him up. Pink rides on a motorcycle to the top of a building overlooking her ex's apartment, and calls him on her cell. Then she revs up her motorcycle, jumps off at the last minute and watches as it soars off the building and crashes into her ex-boyfriend's apartment window before exploding into flames. Pink then jumps in a car driven by her new boyfriend, giving her ex the finger as they drive off.

Can't Take Me Home is the debut album by American pop singer P!nk, released in the United States on April 4, 2000 by LaFace Records. It produced three singles ("There You Go", "Most Girls", and "You Make Me Sick") and peaked at number twenty-six on the U.S. Billboard 200. As of July 2006, it had sold 2.6 million copies. according to Nielsen SoundScan. Producers included Kevin "She'kspere" Briggs, Babyface, Kandi Burruss, Terence "Tramp Baby" Abney, Daryl Simmons, and Tricky. This album featured a modern R&B/hip-hop sound; she went for a more pop-rock orientated sound on her follow-up albums. Pink later went on to admit that during the period of promoting this album, she felt unhappy as she wasn't expressing her full musical influences.

The song "Split Personality" is featured in the 2001 film The Princess Diaries.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

