Season Two of Auf Wiedersehen, Pet. 13 episodes, DVDRips. Originally aired in 1986.

Multimedia Container Format: AVI
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3

Subtitles: English Hard Of Hearing (And quite necessary for people like me, who are not accustomed to the Geordie accent ;-))
Subtitle Format: IDX/SUB

Episodes:

Season 2, Episode 1: The Return of the Seven: Part 1
Season 2, Episode 2: The Return of the Seven: Part 2
Season 2, Episode 3: A Law for the Rich
Season 2, Episode 4: Another Country
Season 2, Episode 5: A Home from Home
Season 2, Episode 6: Cowboys
Season 2, Episode 7: No Sex Please, We're Brickies
Season 2, Episode 8: Marjorie Doesn't Live Here Anymore
Season 2, Episode 9: Hasta La Vista
Season 2, Episode 10: Scoop
Season 2, Episode 11: Law and Disorder
Season 2, Episode 12: For Better or Worse
Season 2, Episode 13: Quo Vadis, Pet

Note: I decided to go for a single DVDr again. I noticed there are another 2 torrents of Seasons 1-2 with a bigger file size per episode (mislabeled as 'Auf Weidersehen Pet'). No point of me doing it again, eh? I assume that the other torrents have only  the non-English bits as burnt-in subtitles, since English is listed as a subtitle language, but there are no external subs.

******* AUF WIEDERSEHEN, PET **********

IMDb User Rating: 8.6/10  (580 votes)

Plot Summary:

The adventures of a gang of British workmen abroad. Combines black and white humour with moments of drama, poignancy and drunkenness. The gang are reunited for a second series, in which they travel to Wolverhampton to rebuild both the "magnificent seven" and Barry's home for his impending marriage. A further offer of work sees the lads head to a Derbyshire stately home in need of refurbishment. Here they fall foul of an irritable pub landlord, suspicious locals, a less than enlightened employer and the Inland Revenue. Finally, they are packed off to Spain as illegal workers for Tyneside villain Ally Fraser, and they fall under the unwelcome spotlight of tabloid publicity. Despite this, they still manage to indulge in some serious drinking practice AND complete the building work.