Wild Arms 3 for the Ps2                                           Rel. 10/15/2002


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        RPG
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

In ancient times, a war was fought against demons on a world named Filgara. The planet bears the scars of this encounter as much of the world is barren and the ocean has turned to sand. For different reasons, four characters set out to become "drifters" and make their own path over the plains. Virginia Maxwell chose this trip on a steam train because she was bored by the monotonous life in a sleepy village and wanted to explore the world. Treasure-hunter Jet Enduro thinks the train will bring him to a place where a flower with magic powers can be found. Gallows Caradine is a shaman of his tribe and is the guardian of a sacred artifact. Clive Winslet is a cynical archaeologist and part-time bounty hunter. A fateful encounter aboard a train will bring these four together and mix them up in the doings of a mysterious organization of scientists. This Council of Seven once was formed to renew the life force of Filgara, but now seems to be harnessing it for their own means.

This third installment of the Wild Arms series continues the tradition of two previous games, adding a stronger emphasis on the (fantasy) Wild West atmosphere. Characters have the ability to attack using ARMS (projectile weapons), use special abilities, use items or cast Arcana (magic). From the beginning of the game, each of the four characters has an introductory chapter before becoming a party and traveling together. The battles are random, with a FP gauge which fills while attacking and defending, and usage of Arms and magic which require FP, similar to the second game of the series. Later on, special vehicles feature their own type of battle system. Other similarities to previous Wild arms games include the search system (towns and dungeons are not indicated on the map until you discover them), the ability to cancel a random battle and special abilities used outside of battles to solve puzzles. An interesting innovation is a dialogue based on key words, similar to a system commonly used in adventure games, which allows a more flexible use of dialogue options.


Features:

* Cell shading technology delivers vibrant and energetic visuals.

* Artistic anime sequences tie into gameplay visuals and enhance an epic storyline.

* Prologues for each character deliver depth and development.

* "Expressive-communication" allows a player to read character moods and emotions.

* Interactive field environments require the solving of intricate puzzles found 
  around every corner.

* Utilize the special abilities of each character to explore mysterious dungeons, 
  find hidden items and unlock secret areas.

* Turn-based encounters take on a whole new visual appeal with real-time character
  movements.

* Gunslingers use an array of weapons including six-shooters, a shotgun, a 
  revolver and a high powered rifle.

* Customize weapon strength, accuracy, bullet capacity, critical hit ratio and
  overall weight.

* Summon mystical Guardians to unleash overwhelming attacks.

* Engage in shootouts whether on foot, horseback or riding on a mechanized vehicle.



Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!