Angel Kelly Old School Mega Pack

Angel Kelly

Born: 1962
Age: 47
Origin: Lansing, Michigan
Height: 5' 7
Eye color: Brown
Hair color: Black
Measurements: 34C-24-34
Best Feature: Jheri Curl Hairstyle
Specialty: Urban Soul

Stage Name(s):
Sugar Brown


Angel Kelly (born on December 7, 1962 in Lansing, Michigan) is a retired pornstar. Ms. Kelly was one of the first African-American adult performers to successfully make the transition from the ΓÇÿebony onlyΓÇÖ adult film market to the mainstream porn community. Along with other legends like Jeannie Pepper and Heather Hunter, Kelly shattered the color barrier in adult films and made interracial sex a vogue sexual entertainment niche, using what was once considered too taboo for the masses to add an element of mystery to each of her powerful porn movie performances.

Angel Kelly redefined the acceptability of sex between men and women of different cultural and ethnic backgrounds in the minds of many viewers with unforgettable roles in Addicted To Love, Black Magic Clinic, and Black Voodoo as well as more than one hundred other critically acclaimed tremendously popular adult films throughout the mid 1980s and early 1990s.

Angel Kelly began Hall Of Fame Porn career in 1985. Her first hardcore appearance was in the critically acclaimed release 'Chocolate Delights 2,' and Ms. Kelly quickly parlayed her popularity into a stream of successive roles in movies that defined the golden age of porn. She wasted no time in becoming one of the most prolific black female pornstars of her era.

During the period in which she was most active, 1986 through 1988, she was featured in more than 100 original films with the bulk of her on screen fucking taking place in 1987. However, by the early 1990s she was appearing in fewer than five films a year and Angel began working behind the camera as a Director and Producer of xxx features instead. Angel Kelly's final on screen sexual performances were filmed in 1993 but she did make a non-sexual appearance in the 2007 release Swedish Erotica 113 from Caballero Home Video.

In 2005 Angel Kelly was inducted into the Legends of Erotica Hall of Fame with fellow pornstar Porsche Lynn hosting the induction ceremony. Angel Kelly was also inducted into the Adult Video News Hall of Fame at ceremonies held on January 12, 2008. Most importantly, the voting members of HallOfFamePorn.com selected Angel Kelly for official Hall of Fame Porn induction in April of 2008.

Much of Angel KellyΓÇÖs success can be attributed to being the right pornstar at the right time. However, when one recounts the history of American X Rated Cinema, there were many other women of color who could have vaulted to the pinnacle of porn fame at that time as well, but none managed to surpass the success of this legendary chocolate diva whose angelic face and devilish lust for all things naughty still get replayed endlessly from the private collections of her loyal fans to this day.
This Torrent is From BootyTape dot Com, An adult torrent tracker dedicated to offering big asses with quality ethnic and multicultural material.

For Covers, Screenshots and More Adult Torrents: 
http://www.performancedate.com/preview.php?id=2612&pic=2612_0.jpg