 http://thepiratebay.org/user/konejo7/


Scream is the third solo studio album by American musician Chris Cornell. Released on March 10, 2009, it marked a shift from Cornell's previous musical efforts with the exclusion of some guitar and rock elements that were replaced with producer Timbaland's electronic pop soundscapes. The album was promoted with the release of five digital singles and three music videos, and was met with mostly negative reviews. The album debuted in the U.S at number 10 on the Billboard 200 with 26,000 copies sold.

Track listing

    * Chris Cornell co-wrote all of the songs on the album; additional writers are listed below.

No. 	Title 	Writer(s) 	Additional Production 	Length
1. 	"Part of Me"   	Timothy Mosley, Jerome Harmon, Johnkenun Spivery, Ezekiel Lewis, Balewa Muhammad 	Co-produced with Johnkenun Spivery
Backing Vocals: Timbaland, Ezekiel Lewis and Jim Beanz 	5:14
2. 	"Time"   	Mosley, Harmon, James Washington, Lewis, Muhammad 	Backing Vocals: Ezekiel Lewis & Jim Beanz
Co-produced with Jim Beanz 	4:39
3. 	"Sweet Revenge"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington, James Fauntleroy 	Backing Vocals: James Fauntleroy and Jim Beanz 	4:10
4. 	"Get Up"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington, Fauntleroy 	Backing Vocals: James Fauntleroy and Jim Beanz 	3:35
5. 	"Ground Zero"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington 	Backing Vocals: Jim Beanz
Co-produced with Jim Beanz 	3:09
6. 	"Never Far Away"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington, Ryan Tedder, Lewis, Muhammad 	Co-produced with Ryan Tedder
Backing Vocals: Ezekiel Lewis, Ryan Tedder and Jim Beanz 	5:06
7. 	"Take Me Alive"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington, Justin Timberlake 	Backing Vocals: Justin Timberlake and Jim Beanz 	4:36
8. 	"Long Gone" (Featuring Timbaland) 	Mosley, Harmon, Tedder, Lewis, Patrick "J. Que" Smith, Muhammad 	Backing Vocals: Ezekiel Lewis
Co-produced with Ryan Tedder 	5:15
9. 	"Scream"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington 	Backing Vocals: Jim Beanz
Co-produced with Jim Beanz 	6:14
10. 	"Enemy"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington, Tedder, Spivery, Lewis, Muhammad 	Co-produced with Ryan Tedder & Johnkenun Spivery
Backing vocals: Ezekiel Lewis, Ryan Tedder and Jim Beanz 	4:35
11. 	"Other Side of Town"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington, Tedder 	Co-produced with Ryan Tedder 	4:48
12. 	"Climbing Up the Walls"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington, Tedder 	Co-produced with Ryan Tedder 	4:48
13. 	"Watch Out"   	Mosley, Harmon, Washington 	Backing Vocals: Jim Beanz
Co-produced with Jim Beanz 	4:02


for ipod and pc

codec "HE-AAC" 128kb, perfect quality

Programs: Itunes, Nero show time, Winamp etc.

album art in files



Note:
Scientific testing by the European Broadcasting Union has indicated that HE-AAC at 48 kbit/s was ranked as "Excellent" quality using the MUSHRA  scale.[7]  MP3 in the same testing received a score less than half that of HE-AAC and was ranked "Poor" using the MUSHRA scale. Data from this testing also indicated that some individuals confused 48 kbit/s encoded material with an uncompressed original.