ROCKNROLLA DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 01:54:16
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Gerard Butler
Tom Wilkinson
Thandie Newton
Mark Strong
Idris Elba
Chris Bridges
Jeremy Piven
Toby Kebbell

Plot

Lenny Cole (Tom Wilkinson) is a crime boss who calls the shots in London's underworld and real estate market. We learn all about Lenny from Archy (Mark Strong)—his second in command—who serves as the film's narrator. When a wealthy Russian real estate tycoon and organized crime figure by the name of Yuri Omovich (Karel Roden) looks to Lenny for help on a major new deal, Lenny is eager to assist (for a very large fee, of course). Yuri agrees to pay, and as a show of faith, he insists that Lenny borrow his "lucky" painting. Yuri then asks his accountant, Stella (Thandie Newton), to transfer the money to Lenny, but things quickly go awry when a band of thieves known as the The Wild Bunch consisting of One Two (Gerard Butler) and Mumbles (Idris Elba)—intercept the money before it reaches him (at the behest of Stella). To make matters worse, the lucky painting has mysteriously been stolen, and the number one suspect is Lenny's estranged stepson, crack-addicted rock star Johnny Quid, who is presumed dead. As Lenny desperately tries to locate the painting, Yuri calls in sadistic henchmen to recover his money.

In an attempt to find Johnny, Lenny and Archy enlist his former record producers Mickey (Ludacris) and Roman (Jeremy Piven) to track him down or else their concerts and clubs will be shut down. Meanwhile, Handsome Bob (Tom Hardy) is distraught on the night before his court case, he's scheduled to do a five year prison stretch. One Two organizes a party for Bob. On the way to the party, One Two tries to cheer Bob up to no avail. Bob then comes out to One Two, admitting to having a crush on One Two. One Two is mortified, but thinking that it's Bob's last night as a free man, asks him what exactly he'd like to do. The next day, One Two refuses to attend Bob's court hearing to the surprise of Mumbles. One Two uncomfortably tries to explain that something happened between him and Bob the previous night, when Mumbles scoffs that everyone knows that Bob is gay.

When One Two, Mumbles, and Bob try to steal the second installment of Yuri's money, they are assailed by Yuri's persistent hired mercenaries, who engage them in a shootout and lengthy foot chase. They nevertheless deliver the money to Stella as before. By this time, Yuri has grown impatient and suspicious, and he organizes a meeting with Lenny on a golf course, arriving with his associate. After what changes into a foul exchange of words, he then has Lenny viciously beaten, demanding that the painting be returned and the money delivered to him, leaving him crippled on the course. The ordeal sees Lenny bound to a wheelchair, now unable to walk. Meanwhile, two petty thief junkies steal the painting from Johnny and sell it to the Wild Bunch, whence it is given to One Two, who then gives it to Stella after they have sex. Mickey and Roman find Johnny and call Archy to have him delivered. After taking all three captive, Archy and Lenny's men go to apprehend One Two, who they find in the hands of Yuri's vengeful mercenaries. Archy and his men kill the mercenaries and kidnap One Two, Mumbles and Handsome Bob who have arrived to deliver the name of a previously unknown police informer that has been plaguing the underworld, and who was previously responsible for putting Archy in jail for four years.

Yuri arrives at Stella's house to seal their arrangements while also asking her to marry him, as he has been smitten with her for a long time. Immediately after, Yuri spots his lucky painting in Stella's living room. On being asked how long she's had it, Stella says she's had it for years, not knowing it's actually Yuri's. Betrayed and enraged, Yuri orders his associate inside.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1032755/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS
