TVP Animation Pro is the best professional solution for the creation of 2D bitmap animation!
It is nothing but the favorite tool of professionals who want the best of digital animation: an environment consisting of the traditional animation workflow combined with all the advantages of the digital world.

Because artists can now paint, animate and effect in one single application, the first significant result is that you will increase your productivity like never before.

And you will paint using a drawing engine that allows you to create any type of content. Your style won't be limited like it is when using a vector application; you're free to bring to life any kind of graphic content!

Your style first! – Whether it's blue-lined sketches, scanned or imported graphics or original art made using a graphic tablet, everything can be animated using TVP Animation Pro.

A tool to create your art – Because it's raster based, TVP Animation won't impose any type of drawing on the artist; it's the contrary. Your style is free to go in any direction, and it's more fun like that, isn't it?

Digital and traditional animation? – Yes, with TVP Animation, we’re offering a program that is able to satisfy the traditional animator as well as the hobbyist or the animator student who all have different needs, but the very same love for animating.

Animation is timeline-based for easy handling and timing – Using a timeline to create your animation eases your work since you can easily copy/cut/paste your images or sequence and duplicate them if you need to re-use them. Animation layers work with frame instances so that timing the animation is very intuitive.

Animation is also XSheet based for traditional animators - Traditional animators will love the XSheet as a complement to the timeline to create animation in the traditional way! Using the XSheet view to manage the animation will also allow the artist to add written comments to his animation as well as the audio track to create a perfect lipsync!

Add special effects to your animation – TVP Animation Pro contains effects like the ScanCleaner FX, the ToonShading FX and the Multiplane Camera FX. Not only will the set of effects ease your work, but all of the effects are animatable! These effects will also help the artist to create complex animated effects like particles or lightings.

Additional Video Effects - include the RotoTracking effect for complex rotoscoping effects, Volumetric lights, 6 Keying effects to remove Green/Blue screens for easy integration (including Cross Keyer, new since version 1.5), Optical Flow, Healing (Clone tool) tracker, and 7 Transition effects.

Share custom contents with the TVPaint Community – Using a system of CustomPanel, every user can store, export and share his custom tools and scripts. Each user can also share papers and plugins, thanks to the TVPaint SDK which allows the user to develop new functionalities for the TVPaint applications.

Add sound to your projects – TVP Animation Pro also allows the user to import sound and to add it directly to his project. Supported formats are WAV and MP3.

Wacom tablets support - Because Wacom tablets offer the widest possibilities with a stylus, the TVPaint products fully support the Wacom products. The Size, Opacity, and Angle of your tools can be connected to the Pressure, Direction, Orientation, Speed, Altitude or even to the Rotation of your stylus if you are using the Intuos3 Art Maker pen.

Export and share – The application provides many possibilities to export your project, like, for example, a sequence of single pictures or a video file. You can also export your project into a sequence of PSD files if you want to work on it in a different application later.