 http://bayimg.com/HAabNAAdH

I Served the King of England (2006) 

Obsluhoval jsem anglickeho krale (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0284363/

I Served the King of England (Czech: Obsluhoval jsem anglickeho krale) is a 2006 Czech film, directed by Jirí Menzel and based on the novel of the same name by Bohumil Hrabal. This film is Menzel's sixth adaptation of the works of Hrabal for film. The film was released in the UK and in the US in 2008.

  Ivan Barnev  ...  Jan Díte, younger  
  Oldrich Kaiser  ...  Jan Díte, older  
  Julia Jentsch  ...  Líza  
  Marián Labuda  ...  Walden  
  Milan Lasica  ...  Professor  
  Zuzana Fialová  ...  Marcela  
  Martin Huba  ...  Skrivánek  
  Josef Abrhám  ...  Hotelier Brandejs  
  Jirí Lábus  ...  Hotel Boss  
  Rudolf Hrusínský  ...  Tichota  
  Pavel Nový  ...  General  
  Jaromír Dulava  ...  Waiter Karel  
  Petra Hrebícková  ...  Jaruska  
  Eva Kalcovská  ...  Wanda  
  Sárka Petruzelová  ...  Julinka  

I Served the King of England feels like a film from another era, and not only because its black-comic picaresque saga unfolds during the 1930s and 40s, before and during the Nazi conquest of Czechoslovakia. It's also an elegant, ironic fable with literary origins (a novel by Bohumil Hrabal) that belongs to a distinctive middle-European artistic tradition, think The Tin Drum, both as a novel and film, with a puckish spirit that sometimes seems sweet and at other times ruthless. Even the picture's chivalrous sexism seems dated, in a manner likely to charm some viewers and irritate others; its up-by-the-bootstraps hero likes to garland his numerous girlfriends' naked forms in flowers and fruit, and belongs to that species of aging boy-man likely to chase lissome young beauties into his grave. 

We meet our diminutive Everyman protagonist, Jan Dite, first as an older man (Oldrich Kaiser) being released from prison by the circa-1965 Czech communist regime. Veteran director Jirí Menzel, an Academy Award winner in 1967 for Closely Watched Trains, gradually fills in the story of Jan's past and wistful, itinerant present, until what at first seems an engaging but slight comedy about a charmed life reveals itself as something deeper and more perplexing. Scrounging for pennies on the streets of Prague but dreaming of millions, young Jan (Ivan Barnev, a deft performer of Chaplin-like gifts) has a mysterious ability to seduce gorgeous women and befriend rich men. From each of his menial jobs he graduates to a better one, until he becomes the headwaiter at Prague's luxurious Hotel Paris, working under a lordly maître d' (the marvelous Martin Huba) who frequently reminds Jan that he earned his immense expertise by serving the king of England. 

But Jan isn't merely a fast-rising sexual conqueror, he's also a gentleman (even if of low birth); when he sees a group of hoodlums assaulting a woman in the street, he rescues her and true love ensues. As it turns out, his new flame, Líza (Julia Jentsch) belongs to the disgruntled Czech-German minority, and has the blond pigtails and lederhosen to match. Prague, she tells him, is a beautiful Reich city, and her attackers were Slavic Bolshevik scum who fail to appreciate her beloved Fuehrer. In this part of the film, Menzel's direction walks a knife edge between ludicrous farce and deadly, deadpan satire. Líza will only have sex with Jan while gazing reverently at a framed portrait of Hitler; he spends the war years, while others are massacred, literally surrounded by naked Aryan amazons at one of Himmler's master-race breeding camps (on the grounds of a Jewish hotel where he once worked as a waiter). 

You can't easily summarize I Served the King of England as teaching some kind of historical lesson, but you can say that Jan becomes a Nazi collaborator and a traitor to his own country through an almost Forrest Gump-style combination of optimism, cluelessness and willful blindness. To some limited extent, he's aware of the larger historical narrative unfolding around him, but he doesn't see that it has any relevance to his personal affairs. When he sees a trainload of deportees in striped uniforms being taken away in a cattle car, he is touched and tries to bring them food and water. If Jan never learns the fate of his aristocratic former boss, the royalty-loving maître d' who refuses to return a German officer's Hitler salute, we do. On the other hand, how innocent is a man who self-consciously apes the Fuehrer's hairstyle and mustache, and who submits to racial-purity testing in order to wed his beloved? (Líza is overjoyed to discover that Jan had a German grandfather.) 

Arguably the greatest of all Czech filmmakers, Menzel virtually disappeared after the 1968 Soviet invasion that ended the Prague Spring, while his countryman and peer Milos Forman emigrated to fame and fortune in Hollywood. Menzel cites Chaplin and Fellini as his avatars, and both of those profoundly unfashionable influences come through in this grotesque and mysterious comic confection, more bitter than sweet. It's a work radically out of step with contemporary American mores and styles; in a marketplace that ignores almost all foreign-language films in the first place, it stands virtually no chance. If this actually were 1968, the pipe-smoking sophisticates of Esquire and Playboy would be proclaiming I Served the King of England a nettlesome masterpiece. For whatever good it does this film today, I'll stick my pipe in my mug and agree. 

I Served the King of England is the latest of several Jirí Menzel films adapted from the novels of his close friend Bohumil Hrabal, who died in 1997. (Menzel's adaptation of Closely Observed Trains won an Oscar and was one of the key films in the emergence of the Czech New Wave; his 1969 feature Larks on a String, which he co-wrote with Hrabal, was banned by the communist authorities.) Now 70, Menzel has had an uneven directorial career since the heady days of the 1960s. Unlike his contemporaries Ivan Passer and Milos Forman, he didn't move to the US following the Soviet invasion of 1968, and publicly dissociated himself from his pre-invasion films, including Closely Observed Trains. 

His own background must have given him a special affinity with Díte, the diminutive hotel-waiter anti-hero of I Served the King, who is also obliged to perform a few ideological somersaults. As depicted by Menzel, Díte has more than a hint of Charlie Chaplin or the Good Soldier Svejk about him; he is a hapless everyman being carried along on the tide of history. His goal is simply to be accepted, and he will go to extreme lengths to give pleasure, whether to his customers, his sexual partners or - most disastrously - to the Nazis who've occupied his homeland.

The young Díte, played in very appealing fashion by Bulgarian actor Ivan Barnev, is generally far too interested in money and status to notice what's going on around him. Nothing seems to disturb him: not the rage of the train passenger he's just swindled or the sight of war-wounded amputees, though when confronted by money or women, his excitement is overwhelming. He is both cunning and absolutely naive. 

The film has a zest that belies the director's age. There is no sense here of a distinguished director striking a ponderous and introspective note at the twilight of his career. Visually, I Served the King… is lithe and imaginative. It uses music, montage and silent-movie conventions with wit and energy. The downside to Menzel's approach is that he like his central character risks sidestepping or trivialising serious issues. The Nazis here have a strong hint of Mel Brooks about them (witness the scenes of masturbating Aryans trying to provide seed for the master race, or the bathing blondes who look as if they're on leave from a 1970s British comedy sketch show). Occasionally, Menzel reminds us that the Nazis aren't just eccentric naturists: there is a gruesome shot of a hotel guest who blows out his brains as the Germans march in; and when Díte's wife Líza (played with dry humour by Julia Jentsch) comes back from the Front with a hoard of stamps she's stolen from deported Jews, even Díte raises his eyebrows.

