NGC - Convoy: War for the Atlantic [HDRip 720p]

Year: 2009
Country: United Kingdom, United States
Genre: Documentary
Duration: 4 x ~ 00:47:00
Translation: Professional (full duplication only voices narrator)
Director: Christopher Rowley, Paul Copeland

Description: One of the most pressing and important clashes of the war, the decisive fate of Europe, took place not on the European continent, and thousands of miles away - in the ocean. Success or failure war in Europe fully depended on permanent inflows supplies delivered convoys trade ships plying between New and Old Light. Priority weaponry involved the Germans in trying to cut the artery received all the necessary enemy, began to submarines, and "supreme leader" of the submariners, Captain Karl O Lucifer, was well aware of what can be his submarine. They have turned Atlantic into hell, where the rubble and flaming fuel desperately appealed for the salvation of the victims of torpedo attacks.


Episode 1: Wolfpack Rising - Atlantic Ocean - a forgotten place of one of the most brutal battles of the Second World War. German U-boat attacked the British and Canadian transportation convoys. Without the vital supplies Britain can not stand to Hitler would have won the war for Europe. It was a battle of strategies - attack and counterattack, the race to develop weapons of technological superiority or an attempt to lure fortune on his side.

Episode 2: The Hunt - 1941, The Second World War, Britain needed a vital military supplies, the Germans easily drowned Atlantic convoys. Since the beginning of the war the elite crews of German U-boats destroyed more than two and a half million tons of goods, they called it their happy times, but those happy days will soon come to an end. The war changed and the Germans were under threat of defeat.

Episode 3: The Brink of Defeat - December 1941, the attack on Pearl Harbor finally led the U.S. to enter World War II, and now by America's allies planned to destroy submarines threatening the vital sea lanes of Britain, but the Germans were own plans, they have chosen for themselves a new goal - the German U-boats would soon bring a serene war to the shores of the United States.

Episode 4: Death blow - January 1943, the Battle of the Atlantic is approaching its climax, before the convoy allies gets the most important mission - they need to carry weapons and soldiers for the invasion of Europe. To stop the convoys of Germany invents new weapons and new submarines. It was a desperate war whose purpose was to stop the largest in the history of the invasion.

Quality: HDTVRip
Format: MKV
Video codec: H.264
Audio Codec: AC3
Video: MPEG-4 AVC, ~ 2878 Kbps / with, 1280x720, 25 fps
Audio1: English (AC3, 2 ch, 384 kbps 48 kHz)
Audio2: Russian (AC3, 2 ch, 384 Kbps 48 kHz)

Help seeding, plz!