Platform: Windows 95, 98, ME, NT4, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, Windows 7 and MAC.

Please seed (share) these programs. Most people (just like me when I started) don't know how to do this. It simply means that when the download is complete, don't press stop or close down your program. It will then be available to anyone who wants to download it from you. Thanks.

Image Doctor 2 plugin with PDF manual.

Restore, Retouch, Repair and Improve JPEG's.

An all new set of powerful image-correction filters for Photoshop, Fireworks, Paint Shop Pro, and other image editors.

Everyone loves the perfect photo. That’s also why everyone loves Image Doctor 2, the powerful Photoshop® plug-in from Alien Skin Software. Image Doctor’s unique software algorithms can save what would be the perfect photo from the trash bin while saving you hour upon hour of Photoshop work trying to fix it.

With Image Doctor 2, restoring that precious old shot is a breeze. Select a rip or scratch and Image Doctor heals it.

Retouch new photos. Whether it’s a mole, tattoo, scar or other blemish, Image Doctor 2 makes photo retouching quick and easy. You can also soften skin with the click of your mouse.

Remove unwanted objects. Image Doctor’s powerful Smart Fill feature removes large, unwanted objects from photos, such as trash items from foregrounds and undesirable guests from party photos. Smart Fill can automatically replace these areas with an intelligent sampling of the nearby background pattern or the user can specify the location of the background samples.

Repair low-quality JPEG images. Use Image Doctor’s JPEG Repair to fix blocky areas and ragged edges in over-compressed JPEG images. Select an area for repair or use it on your entire photo.
Who uses Image Doctor 2. Image Doctor 2 users include both professional and novice photographers, photo editors, service bureau professionals, graphic designers, and web designers. Anyone who needs to remove or replace unwanted photographic details will find Image Doctor 2 indispensable.

Image Doctor 2 renders seamless removals of unsightly blemishes and objects. It enables photo editors to de-clutter bad photographic compositions with just a few clicks of a mouse. Web designers, service bureaus, and hobbyists can restore and repurpose badly compressed JPEGs, including cell phone photos. Portrait photographers can use Image Doctor 2 as digital makeup, removing pimples, moles, scars, and tattoos in one click. Photographers can then soften skin areas where these blemishes were or fix oily patches of skin. Hobbyists and professionals can use Image Doctor 2 to restore old photos by removing dust and scratches.

Check it out:-
 
http://www.alienskin.com/imagedoctor/index.aspx