. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                    Dancing.On.Wheels.S01E02.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.02.22
              Genre...........: Competition

       2/6 - The five couples remaining in the competition have just a 
       week to learn their new wheelchair dance routines, so choreographer 
       Brian Fortuna calls for help from his professional partner Kristina 
       Rihanoff.
       
       Two couples must master the foxtrot while the other three couples 
       try to perfect the rumba, the dance of love. As the competition 
       hots up, the wheelchair users get to know their celebrity partners 
       better.
       
       Once again the couples face the judges, Strictly Come Dancing's 
       James and Ola Jordan and paralympic athlete Ade Adepitan. Only the 
       best dancers will be chosen to represent the UK at the Wheelchair 
       Dance Sport European Championships in Tel Aviv.
       
       Paul and M People singer Heather Small must fix their timing 
       problems, but will Paul set them back with his visit to Glastonbury? 
       Can actress and singer Michelle Gayle motivate her dance partner 
       Harry to work harder? Di makes a brave decision, but will it pay 
       off? And when Caroline Flack fails to show up there's an unexpected 
       problem for James.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai