Movie Info :

Directed : Thiru
Produced : Vikram Krishna
Written : Thiru
Music : Yuvan Shankar Raja
Cinematography : Arvind Krishna
Editing : T. S. Suresh
Studio : G. K. Films Corporation
Distributed : Sun Pictures
Release date : 12 February 2010

Cast :

Vishal Krishna
Neetu Chandra
Sarah-Jane Dias
Tanushree Dutta
Santhanam

Video Info :

Source : Desman DVD
Ripper : Dikkilona
Size : 350MB
Vdo Res : 624*256
Container : X264-Mkv
Runtime : 02 Hrs 39 Mins 35 Secs
Language : Tamil

Story :

Karthik (Vishal Krishna) is a lazy, jobless, upper middle-class guy and the only son of his father who is a bank manager (T. S. B. K. Moulee), hanging around always with his friends, an auto driver Kumar (Santhanam), a tea-shop owner Shekar (Mayilsamy) and a traffic constable Vishnu (Sathyan). Over-ambitious in his life, he always wants the best of everything in his life, from pens and clothes to every other other accesoires, and has made it a rule to try out everything before zeroing in on one. Now wanting to choose his best life partner, he applies the same method and decides to select three girls, whom he would romance at the same time and make to fall in love with him, then reject two of them and finally marry the third one.

He comes across Jyothi (Tanushree Dutta), an athlete, living in the poorer area of Chennai, who has reservations against men and slaps a guy for touching her inappropriately and is Karthik's first choice. Karthik later attends a marriage, where he meets Priya (Sarah-Jane Dias), a girl, who strongly believes in traditional and cultural values and has the policy of loving and marrying only one boy in her life, Karthik's second candidate. The third one Karthik selects is Tejaswini (Neetu Chandra), a rich and arrogant girl, heir to Rs. 1,500 crores, who once had a failed love attempt in her life. Vishal enters their lives, woos them with lies and finally wins their hearts. The girls don't know the fact that Karthik is romancing three girls simultaneously and entirely trust him............................