XYplorer v8.30.0000

PROTECTION: Serial
RELEASE TYPE: Keygen
RELEASE DATE: 01/09/2009
RELEASE SIZE: 01x2.92MB

* RELEASE NOTES *

XYplorer is an Advanced File System
Explorer targeting everyone who is
looking for a real alternative to the
Windows Explorer

XYplorer is a multi-tabbed file
manager for Windows, featuring a very
powerful file search, versatile
preview facilities, a highly
customizable interface, and a large
array of unique ways to efficiently
automate frequently recurring tasks
XYplorer is a portable file manager
It does not require any installation
stores all data in the program's
folder, and running it does not
change your system or registry


Why XYplorer?

XYplorer is a Portable File Manager. It doesn't require any installation, nor does it ever change your system or registry. Ideal for a USB drive.
Tabbed Browsing. Cutting-edge file management using a true multi-tabbed interface.
Dual Pane spells productivity and ease of use. Learn more...
Powerful file search with amazing speed. It supports Boolean Logic, Regular Expressions, Boolean RegExp, Content Search, and more...
Folder View Settings. Save and auto-restore the view settings of any particular folder. Great feature, saves a lot of time. Learn more...
Mini Tree, the author's personal killer feature. Learn more...
Folder Sizes can be shown right in the file list.
Tags and Comments let you give colors, labels, and comments to individual filenames. Learn more...
Reduce your daily routines to simple keystrokes with User-Defined Commands! Learn more...
Scripting. Advanced solutions for advanced tasks. Learn more...
One-click previews of all important image, audio, video, web, office, and font file formats. More...
A powerful Favorites Panel called Catalog.
Quickly create New Items from a configurable menu, a major time saver!
Portable File Associations. Home is where your double-click is! Learn more...
Customizable Keyboard Shortcuts for more than 300 functions. Have it your way!
XYplorer is continuously enhanced and users are taken seriously. Visit the Forum...
A clean and user-friendly interface makes working with XYplorer easy and intuitive.

URL: http://www.xyplorer.com

* iNSTALL NOTES *

1.) Install
2.) Use our keygen to register
3.) Enjoy!