**I have uploaded Rise of Mankind 2.91 with A New Dawn 1.73g here https://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5572331 **


Rise of Mankind is a mod for Civilization IV: Beyond the Sword and A New Dawn is a modmod that further expands on RoM's additions. 

From Zappara, creator of Rise of Mankind:
Rise of Mankind mod enhances Civilization 4 to a whole new level. This completely free "Expansion pack" keeps the basic Beyond the Sword game mechanics but converts them to much more complex systems which makes this modpack to feel like it's a completely new game. The mod works best on English language setting. Germany, Spanish, French and Italian work as well but translations for those are incomplete.

From Afforess, creator of A New Dawn:
Rise of Mankind: A New Dawn picks up where the Rise of Mankind mod left off. It is a realistic mod, simulating the rise of civilizations from the immemorial times, past the current era, and far into the future.
The Trademark Feature of Rise of Mankind: A New Dawn is that you choose the new features. Every single addition is completely customizable, and can be enabled or disabled, to suit the user. You could choose to only take the speed optimizations and AI enhancements and leave all the new content. Or decide to use all the new content. Or anywhere in-between.

Rise of Mankind forum:
http://forums.civfanatics.com/forumdisplay.php?f=269

A New Dawn forum:
http://forums.civfanatics.com/forumdisplay.php?f=369

Installation instructions are included in a text file
Please do not complain to Zappara, Afforess or myself about installation problems as the instructions I have included are thorough and accurate
Any spamming, flaming or unnecessary complaining will be ignored.
That said, if you have a legitimate issue don't hesitate to ask a question. If it is reasonable I will do what I can to help.
Please note the Rise of Mankind folder is RAR'ed due to a bug in TPB's uploading procedure, preventing the upload of torrents containing thousands of files as this one has.