This is a series that has been in the making for quite some time. There are many researchers out there who have drawn many different conclusions about the so-called "New World Order". They however, are all split up due to all of their different conclusions (mostly bias-driven) on the exact same material. There were several reasons for creating such a massive presentation of 11+ hours with still more additions to come. One goal was to create a work of media that brings all the vital information together to paint the most accurate picture possible. Another reason was to demonstrate the sheer mass of UNQUESTIONABLE PROOF; and of course the word 'unquestionable' denoting a massive focus on primary sources and little less than moderate attention payed to secondary and tertiary sources. This is mainly to demonstrate the crystal clear picture that the hard facts create when you remove all the speculation, fantasy, and bias (well most of the bias has been removed, with the exception of the propensity toward anti-new world order sentiment). Another goal was to clearly demonstrate why all people need to resist the new world order, based not on the silly scare tactics used by new world order spooks, but in common sense rooted in hard fact. Most of this fact has been gleaned from the chilling statements of the proprietors of The Great Work themselves.
Another reason for doing this was to demonstrate the multitude of voices crying out the same warning, even without realizing it. As some may notice, quite a bit of the video material presented is not original. Therefore, I do not take credit for the production of any copyrighted material. The purpose of bringing together the many pre-existing works along with a few personal touches, is to demonstrate that the key lies in the manner which this material is juxtaposed. Only when things are brought forth in their appropriate context is the picture clear. In addition I have stitched everything together with transitional work as well as a few original pieces to supplement where the presented material has lacked in reporting. Even greater effort has been placed on investing a 'living atmosphere' into these two volumes to avoid being dry and monotonous. Another purpose for this piece was to provide something to the investigative community that would serve as a very powerful "wake-up" tool to assist in alerting friends and family. Once again this presentation does not in any way express bias against any political ideology or religion, so it is user friendly, as it should be.
The final reason for creating this was to put together a work which will serve to enhance the understanding of this topic on a very profound and detailed level for those who have already been studying. It is so saturated with facts, quotes, and connection resolutions that it may be viewed multiple times as an efficient review tool. Not one person who watches this will be disappointed (except those who wish to believe that nothing is wrong).

These files are ISOs so you will need to burn each of the two onto a DVD (burned files are compatible with most DVD Players save a few. Also compatible with PS2 and PS3 game consoles). If you wish to bypass burning them to DVDs, instructions have been included below on how to easily run the ISO files on your computer.



HOW TO PLAY

NOTE: I included a text file with this information in the torrent.



For those unfamiliar with .ISO files,



If you are running windows and your default media player will not load the iso file,

then you have two choices.

 



The first (and the easiest to some) would be to install the latest

version of 'VLC Player' which can be found at:


 
http://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-windows.html



Once installed, simply open VLC Player and open the ISO file with the player.





The second solution is to download a "virtual drive" program like "Alcohol 120%" which will basically create an imaginary CDROM Drive on your computer and will thenceforth allow an ISO file to be mounted and played as if it were a CD/DVD. Requires a bit of configuration for which instructions can be gleaned from the forums.



RESTATING:

I DO NOT TAKE CREDIT FOR ANY COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL INCLUDED IN THIS WORK. I THANK EACH PERSON OR PERSONS WHOSE WORK I IMPLEMENTED INTO THIS PROJECT.