Peter Cincotti, Live in New York
  with a Bonus CD "On the Moon" 
 (Monster Music High Definition Surround Sound Audio DVD SUPERDISC) (2006)


Peter Cincotti Piano & vocals with 10-piece group plus string quartet

Studio: MonsterMusic SuperDisc MMU 44169 (DVD + CD)
Video: NTSC, Enhanced for 16:9 display
Audio: DTS 5.1, Dolby Digital 5.1, 96K PCM stereo, computer audio files in WMA, AAC & Apple Lossless (encoded for Dolby Headphone), 44.1 on CD
Extras: Interviews with Cincotti, 3 bonus tracks, Noel Lee videos with performance tips, THX Optimizer, Bonus CD
Length: CD - 50:17, DVD - not given
DVD Release Date: August 2, 2007



Hi-def, hi-res concert in surround sound!


Young singer-pianist Cincotti is certainly “right now” in the world of jazz.  He topped Billboard’s charts with his first album in 2003, and his second release “On The Moon” is actually the bonus standard CD provided with this video SuperDisc. About half of its tunes are also performed by Peter and his compatriots in the concert video. The producer for both was Phil Ramone, so everything is at a very high standard here. 
You again have a choice of “Orchestral” or “In the Room” acoustics on the audio mixes of the DVD, and there are again a variety of computer audio files in AAC and WMA plus Apple Lossless. On these files Dolby Headphone processing allows for a pseudo-surround experience with ordinary stereo headphones. There are also four difference short videos with Head Monster Noel Lee explaining how the album was mixed for surround and how to hook up your equipment and get the best sound from the album. 
Notice on the song list that Cincotti does two songs with Roof in the title. That’s probably because this video was performed on a NYC rooftop in summer as dusk approaches and the sun is setting. It’s really a pleasure to watch, and the listening ain’t bad either. Cincotti’s vocals are very laid-back and informal-sounding but he can swing when he wants to. His solo during the strictly instrumental closer Night in Tunisia shows that he has good keyboard chops as well as a pleasant voice. 
- John Sunier (www.audaud.com)


