Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 50 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can't continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)



For any Rufus Wainwright fans, this is a MUST have DVD. I did my best to try and rip the various segments, but it's not perfect. It is the most confusing DVD I have ever tried to rip. The music videos are featured twice because the first time the song/video for "April Fools" is NOT included in the file (nothing to do with my rip, that's how it is on the DVD), and the file for just the music videos the second time DOES have it. The DVD does have 5.1 DTS and Dolby Digital, but I can't rip DTS and for the life of me I could NOT get the 5.1 Dolby to work, so all there is in this rip is stereo. If you're even a remote fan and you want the 5.1, you'll want to order the DVD for your collection. You will NOT be disappointed! ;D 

I did not do a full DVD upload because it's a dual-layer, so the upload would have been over 7 GB, and the vast majority of folks have indicated to me that they'd prefer my uploads to be smaller, not larger. I also can't afford to be uploading something that large. Think of this upload as a "sample" of what you can have if/when you purchase the DVD.   ;) 

You can purchase the full DVD in all its 5.1 wonderfulness from Rufus here:
  http://www.rufuswainwright.com/Store/Product.aspx?id=SV000029-001


DOCUMENTARY: All I Want

LIVE PERFORMANCES:
01. Gay Messiah
02. Crumb By Crumb
03. Rebel Prince
04. The Art Teacher
05. This Love Affair
06. Poses
07. Movies Of Myself
08. Go Or Go Ahead
09. I Don't Know What It Is
10. Beautiful Child
11. Beauty Mark
12. Cigarettes Or Chocolate Milk
13. Dinner At Eight

VIDEOS:
1. The One You Love
2. California
3. Cigarettes And Chocolate Milk
4. April Fools

BONUS INTERVIEWS


Review taken from a blog posting indicated at the end of the description.

As you'd expect from Rufus Wainwright, his first official DVD is certainly not a 'no-frills' affair. The man who fills his albums with extravagant, flamboyant arrangements has crammed All I Want with over three hours of material, a nice touch when so many artists do a perfunctory job when it comes to DVDs.

The centerpiece is an hour long documentary which traces Wainwright's life story so far, from his childhood in Montreal, through to his years of partying in New York City, right up to the recent release of the Want Two album. As well as this though, there's also no less than 13 live performances and four music videos. There's also a bonus interview section where Wainwright and his many celebrity fans talk about specific songs from his career. All this, and a brand new song, The Maker Makes.

A veritable smorgasbord of goodies for your average Wainwright fan then and the only dilemma for most people will be where to start. Well, the documentary is as good a place as any. This features interviews with Rufus, his sister Martha, his mother Kate McGarrigle, and a vast array of celebrities, ranging from Sting and Elton John to the Scissor Sisters (featuring Baby Daddy actually wearing a hat at a jaunty angle), Tom Chaplin from Keane and Mark Gattis from TV's League Of Gentlemen.

The great thing about the documentary is that this is not your average record company fluffy documentary. Wainwright has always been honest about himself and he's on good form here. Revelations about his over-reliance on crystal meth a few years ago where he actually went blind are dealt with unflinchingly and unapologetically, while his often difficult relationship with his father Loudon (who doesn't appear here) is also discussed. In fact, the section about the superb Dinner At Eight is one of the most affecting things on here.

Even the celebrity interviews aren't too annoying. Only Sting comes across as his usual pompous self, but people like Sir Elt, Chaplin and especially Gattis just seem like genuine fans. The main star though is Wainwright himself - articulate, funny and always extraordinarily honest, he gives us in depth looks at the stories behind the songs (such as Danny Boy, about his first, unrequited, love and Cigarettes And Chocolate Milk about those heavy, hedonistic days in New York). There's also some exclusive home video footage of the young Wainwrights posing and acting up to the camera.

The live performances are really something special. Filmed at Cambridge Corn Exchange, Central Park in New York and live in the studio, they don't feature any repeat tracks and cover all of Wainwright's albums, from the debut's Beauty Mark to Want Two's The Art Teacher. Fans of the Wainwright family will also be interested to see sister Martha on backing vocals here, just before she found solo stardom of her own with her self-titled debut album.

This is an essential purchase for all the extra material on display. It's also worth mentioning that the transfer to DVD is perfect, with wonderful 5.1 stereo and a flawless picture quality - just one more reason why you can't afford not to buy this DVD.

  http://www.musicomh.com/music/dvds/rufus-wainwright.htm




More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:
  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/