The Strange Case of the End of Civilization as We Know It is a 1977 
comedy starring John Cleese. It is a low-budget spoof of the Sherlock 
Holmes detective series, as well as the mystery genre in general.

The film also features Connie Booth, who especially takes over at
the end of the film.

The grandson of the world's first and foremost consulting detective and his bumbling, bionic sidekick attempt to catch the only living descendant of Professor Moriarty.

The film begins aboard a luxury aircraft as Dr. Gropinger (Ron Moody) 
(parody of Henry Kissinger) travels on a goodwill tour. He misplaces his 
diary and is thrown into a panic as, without the diary, he no longer 
knows where he is or is supposed to be next. Stepping off the plane, he 
is shot dead after extending erroneous greetings to a congregation of 
Arabs. Soon after, the U.S. President (Joss Ackland in a caricature of 
Gerald Ford) receives a threatening letter signed only "Moriarty", 
claiming responsibility for the death. The letter also claims Moriarty has 
set in motion a plan that will allow him to gain control of the world. The 
president dispatches a top agent to London to work with the world's top 
law enforcement officials and find a strategy to combat Moriarty.

Headed by an incompetent Englishman (Denholm Elliott), the 
committee settles on contacting the "present-day" Sherlock Holmes 
(John Cleese). He is enrolled by the Commissioner of Police (Stratford 
Johns) to lay plans for the capture of the descendant of Moriarty before 
he gains control of the world. Holmes reveals himself to be a great 
eccentric, with an affinity for certain addictive drugs (a nod to the literary 
Sherlock Holmes' experience with cocaine). He is accompanied by the 
descendant of Doctor Watson, both a medical doctor and utter fool. 
Unfortunately, the commissioner is murdered before leaving the 
Holmes' residence, his death mainly the result of Doctor Watson's 
(Arthur Lowe) rampant stupidity.

The duo then proceed to Scotland Yard to discuss the situation with the 
committee. Before any plans can be made, much of the committee is 
murdered by a distant sniper. Without their help, Holmes dreams up a 
plan to invite all of the great detectives in the world to a party, with the 
hope of discovering the true identity of Moriarty. He reasons that 
Moriarty will be unable to pass up a chance at attacking all of them in 
one fell swoop. Many fictional detectives are parodied and handed 
gruesome deaths while Holmes and Watson wait in a suite. The 
murderer is revealed to be none other than an exact copy of Watson. 
Due to Watson's ineptitude and the impersonator's great skill in 
deception, Holmes is faced with a quandary in determining the real 
culprit (who is actually Moriarty).

The Strange Case of the End of Civilization as We Know It
Directed by 	Joseph McGrath
Produced by 	Humphrey Barclay
Written by 	John Cleese
Jack Hobbs
Joseph McGrath
Starring 	John Cleese
Arthur Lowe
Ron Moody
Connie Booth
Stratford Johns
Denhold Elliot
Music by 	Ivor Slaney
Release date(s) 	1979
Running time 	55 minutes
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076770/