Inner Meaning of Five Phase Cycles

Let’s go to the next level of our training. We will now learn the Five Animals Play. This particular form I call Five Animals Do the Six Healing Sounds. This is my integration of two of the oldest forms of chi kung in China, the Five Animals and the Six Healing Breaths (or in modern times, “sounds”). Elements of both chi kung forms were found inscribed on silk fragments in the famous Mawangdui tomb discovery, dated to 216 b.c.

In these silk fragments the animals and their sounds were clearly being used for medical purposes. The five animals was originally probably a kind of a shamanic dance, a way of getting in touch with animal spirits for self-healing and empowerment. They believed these animal spirits could connect you to the underworld and the supernatural world. If you could harness them, you could be healed or gain insight and magical powers from the unseen world.

The five animals evolved within Taoist (Daoist) culture to represent the five spirits or the intelligences (wu jing shen) of the five major human vital organs. That’s where the human underworld is actually hidden, right inside our body. The underworld is not in some abstract dimension of our psyche, its right here if we know where to look for it. There are five animals, one for each of the five elements.

Shamanic Power Animals Live Inside Human Body

The evolution of spiritual training in ancient China was marked, I believe, by the absorption of shamanic powers and techniques into a more advanced, all inclusive alchemical science. The wisdom of the Daoist alchemists was that the entire universe, in its essential form, is contained within our human animal body.

They realized, we can stop chasing after ourselves outside of ourselves. It is all right here, under our very nose. So the shamanic journey into “other realms” evolved into the Taoist notion of an expanded energy body. The journey became increasingly internalized. You don’t need to travel to get to the underworld, you carry it around with you, right inside your body.

Read More...

With the Five Animals, we are really exploring the mystery of the body, and in particular the mystery of our vital organ spirits, our own internal animal spirits with magical powers. The six healing sounds are a way of communicating with particular frequencies of chi in each organ, and the spirit of each one of our internal animals. Don’t get excited about the minor discrepancy between the five and the six, I will explain that later.

Human Subconscious Hidden in our Animal Nature

What is important is that humans accept they are animals. We have animal bodies, one of things that the Genome Project has verified. They mapped out the human gene code. What did they find out? Our human genetic code is pretty close to that of mice, just a couple of genes different, max three percent difference. It’s even less in chimpanzees, about 1.5% difference. This doesn’t mean human minds and animal minds are identical, but they’re certainly likely to have some major overlap as well. Why else would people love their pets so dearly, unless they could sense a certain recognition, feel a connection with a fellow mammal?

This genetic evidence reminds us, even forces us, to face the sobering reality that as spiritual seekers we tend to forget: humans are still animals. Could it be that is what we are here to do – resolve the tension between our animal and spiritual self? Unless we get in touch and understand and communicate with the animal level of ourselves, our animal self is not going to change consciously, it will not achieve self-completion. We can do all kinds of things to change our human intellectual and emotional mind state, we can meditate on the divine, but will it penetrate to the level of our animal intelligence?

I think it is why we are mostly in the dark about changing ourselves. It’s why we are constantly wondering why our life is unfolding with so much struggle. Our body intelligence is the source of much of the mysterious resistance creating that struggle. That resistance arises from our not including our animal intelligence in our human identity.

We humans are proud how quickly we sometimes are able to change our head brain and its belief system, it is part of the arrogance of the information age. We are slowly learning a little bit about managing our heart brain, which is still confused by emotions. But we moderns are totally in the dark when it comes to the instinctual belly brain and the five vital organ intelligences that are the functional rulers of our animal self.

Why combine the Five Animals & Six Healing Sounds?

I have innovated by combining the five animals and six healing sounds together into one chi kung form. Traditionally they were two separate chi kung forms. The “Five Animals Play” emphasized movement, the “Six Healing Breaths” focused on sound. I found that if you put them together you have a super-powerful, super-effective form.

That’s what people like in America. They want the thing that’s got everything – all the bells and whistles – rolled together into one model that is simple to operate. This integrated chi kung form has that. You only pay for one product, but its got two technologies built into it. What a deal, maybe I should raise the price! It’s got a healing-movement technology for the physical body, and a sound-healing technology for the psychological self. And there is lots of cross-over effects, a synergy between the two methods.

I have integrated into this Five Animals-Six Healing Sounds form the discoveries of inner alchemy, the aspects I call Daoist depth psychology. So you will better understand why you need to get in touch with the little animal selves hidden in the inner family that controls your personality and lend passion to your desires. You could call this course a combination of chi kung and what is sometimes called “shen kung” (pinyin, shengong). This means “skill in cultivating spirit”.

Together, the two methods deliver a fast cleanout. It’s about releasing, it’s about letting go. The movements mobilize your body’s substance (jing) and blood, the subvocal healing sounds are vibrating and releasing any trapped chi within that mobilized blood.

Everybody now knows that we all hold onto stuff that is trapped in our body. That we need to get rid of it somehow is not news to anybody here. We need to release it so something new and fresh can flow through us. The big question is always “How?”. That is what we pay doctors and therapists big bucks for. I am not trying to put anybody out of business, I just want to put us struggling humans in control of our own business, our health.

The Chinese have been testing the low-cost, do-it-yourself technologies embedded in these two chi kung forms for thousands of years. Nobody does anything for thousands of years unless it works. This is not new age, this is old, very old age. Let’s get into the first one here. Please stand up.