Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Under Lock and Key is the third studio album by heavy metal band Dokken, released in 1985 through Elektra Records.

The album contains three singles; "In My Dreams," "It's Not Love," and "The Hunter" all became moderately successful, while the opening track, "Unchain the Night" also received some radio airplay.

The album was certified platinum for selling over one million copies in the US, and reached #32 on the Billboard 200 album chart, becoming the band's first Top 40 hit.

Dokken is an American  heavy metal and hard rock band that was formed in 1978. The group accumulated numerous charting singles and has sold more than 10 million albums worldwide.

Dokken was composed of founder Don Dokken on vocals, George Lynch on lead guitars, Juan Croucier on bass, and Mick Brown on drums. In 1983 Croucier left Dokken in order to join Ratt and was replaced by Jeff Pilson. Currently, Dokken and Brown remain from the original line-up. After several personnel changes on guitar, Dokken's attorney Jon Levin stepped in to fill the role in 2004. In 2001, Barry Sparks replaced Jeff Pilson on the bass guitar.

Dokken was first formed around 1978 when Don Dokken teamed up with Jim Monanteras, Greg Leon, and Mick Brown. Prior to this, Don had been playing club shows in the Los Angeles area billed as "Airborn", but had to change it to Dokken because another band with the same name had already acquired a record deal. In 1979, Don Dokken flew to Germany to sing background vocals on the upcoming Scorpions album Blackout in order to assist the band's vocalist Klaus Meine who was suffering from a vocal ailment. While there, the band Accept was recording in another studio, and its manager was able to secure Don a deal with Carrere Records. Breaking the Chains was first released with this label in Germany under the name "Don Dokken", but shortly thereafter, Don met up with George Lynch and Mick Brown, who were playing a band called Xciter at the time. With the addition of Juan Croucier, Dokken finally had a steady line-up. Meanwhile in the United States, manager Cliff Bernstein discovered that Dokken was having success in Germany, and signed them in the United States. The band did an arena tour in the United States with Blue Öyster Cult in 1983, but when the tour was over the band was left with little money and was nearly dropped from the label due to the album's lack of success.

While the band was very popular in Europe during this time, they had not yet made it onto the charts in the United States. Magazines such as Kerrang! blazed the trail for Dokken in the UK.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

