Thursday August 27, 2009
    	
      
 Hour 1
    	
	
	Jim Is Doing The Show From Our WKNR Studio In Cleveland;

        Mike Brown Interview (Cleveland Cavs)
    	
	
	Mike Brown Interview - Continued
    	
	
	Emails About Cleveland
    	
	
	Sound From Past Cleveland Guests
    	
Hour 2
    	
	
	Earnest Byner Interview (Browns Great, Tenn. Coach)
    	
	
	Bernie Kosar Interview (Browns Great)
    	
	
	Bernie Kosar Interview - Continued
    	
	
	Bernie Kosar Interview - Continued
    	

Hour 3
    	
	
	Grady Sizemore Interview (Cleveland Indians)
    	
	
	Jim Brown Interview (Browns Great)
    	
	
	Jim Brown Interview - Continued
    	
	
	Jim Is Joined By The Woman Who Made C-Town Signs; Show Close


Perhaps the most respected voice in the world of sports broadcasting, Jim Rome is the leading opinion-maker of his generation. As host of the nation’s premiere sports radio talk show, Rome is known for his aggressive, informed, rapid-fire dialogue. Jim has established himself as the top choice of athletes and fans when it is time to know what is going on beyond the scoreboard.

Rome’s nationally syndicated radio program, The Jim Rome Show, a.k.a. The Jungle, airs on more than 200 radio stations each weekday and boasts more than two million listeners. But these are no ordinary listeners; they are a legion of fans known as the clones who live and breathe for Jim Rome’s “take” on the day’s larger issues of sport. It is his departure from conventional sports commentary that has resulted in Rome’s unique dialogue with his listeners.

In addition to his daily radio grind, Rome returned to ESPN to host Jim Rome Is Burning, a daily, provocative sports talk show airing at 4:30p.m. EST. The program originates from Los Angeles and features opinion, Rome’s “rants,” debate and guest appearances by some of the biggest name in sports.

Rome has made a cameo appearances along side Al Pacino and Matthew McConaughey in Two For The Money, with Adam Sandler in The Longest Yard and opposite Michael Jordan in Space Jam; appeared in Blink 182’s music video; appeared on HBO’s “Arliss;” and released a CD, Welcome to the Jungle, which features memorable sound bites from frequent callers and the hip music regularly used on the radio show.

Rome previously served as host of the popular program The Last Word with Jim Rome, broadcast nightly on Fox Sports Net, for five years. Prior to The Last Word with Jim Rome, Jim spent a two-year stint hosting ESPN2’s Talk2, a nightly one-hour interview show. Rome began his radio career at KTMS, Santa Barbara as the “$5 dollar-an-hour” traffic reporter and covered UC Santa Barbara’s sports. He left KTMS for San Diego’s all-sports station, XTRA Sports 690. It was during a temporary stint on a late-night show for the station that Rome debuted his “smack” (Jungle Glossary term meaning sports talk in a gloating, uninhibited or unbridled manner). The style yielded high ratings, and, by acclimation of his listeners, The Jungle was born. In 1996, to further keep up with demand, Premiere Radio Networks acquired exclusive syndication rights and the program continues to pick-up affiliates throughout the country.
