Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"The Other Side of Life" is a 1986 single by The Moody Blues. It was first released as the title track in May 1986 on the album The Other Side of Life. It was later released as a single in August 1986, and was the second single released from the album, with the first being "Your Wildest Dreams." After its release, it became a major success in the United States, making #11 and #18 on the Adult Contemporary and Mainstream Rock charts respectively. It also came in #58 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.

The Other Side of Life is a 1986 album by the rock  band The Moody Blues. It contains the major hit, "Your Wildest Dreams," which, like "Nights in White Satin" before it, was a top-10 hit in the United States. It is the third album of the Patrick Moraz era, and the first for flautist  and vocalist Ray Thomas not to play a major role. The music on this album marked the beginning of dominant synthesizer, sequencer, and drum machine use by the band, to the point that the entire album could be classified as a "synthpop" record; a surprising stylistic change for a band that had pioneered symphonic rock.

The Moody Blues are an English rock band. Among their innovations was a fusion with classical music, most notably in their 1967 album Days of Future Passed.

The Moody Blues have sold in excess of 50 million albums worldwide and have been awarded 14 platinum and gold discs. As of 2010 they remain active.

In 1986 they enjoyed renewed success with their album The Other Side of Life and in particular with the track "Your Wildest Dreams" - a U.S. Top 10 hit (and #1 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary singles chart for two weeks) which garnered a Billboard Video of the Year award after being frequently featured on MTV. Newly-hired producer Tony Visconti, and Barry Radman, a synth programmer formerly hired by Moraz, delivered a modern sound the Moodies had been after in order to remain competitive with their pop contemporaries. The album's title song also charted in the U.S., at #58. The renewed interest in the band ensured a younger audience from this point on, with many of their longtime followers remaining loyal despite a fair number of older fans finding the current albums of this period far more lightweight in content. For example, John Lodge had gone from writing powerfully reflective mystical or humanitarian themed pieces such as "House of Four Doors", "Candle of Life" and "One More Time To Live" to quirkier items such as "Here Comes The Weekend", "Rock and Roll Over You" and "Love is On The Run (From Me)", while Hayward's songs seemed[citation needed] less the deeper drama of numbers such as "The Actor", "Dawning is the Day", "You Can Never Go Home", "The Land of Make Believe", etc, to pleasant (and more radio-friendly) perennial far simpler songs about lost love and romance ("Your Wildest Dream", "No More Lies", "I Know You're Out There Somewhere" etc). There were still some deeper songs being created by the band, however, ("The Voice", "22,000 Days", "The Other Side of Life", "The Spirit", "Deep", etc) but the overall tone of the band had become noticeably a more lightweight commercialised one; presumably this was with record company agreement to keep in accordance with the then prevailing times. Significantly their live shows from this period included a good number of their eighties album tracks, however over time more of the "Core Seven" album era favorites would gradually begin to reappear in their playlist.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

