Oscar Peterson - Soul Español   
Label: Limelight (Japan Mini LP)
Quality: flac + cue

Soul Español was recorded in Chicago in 1966. 

Oscar Peterson augmented his regular working trio of the time (bassist Sam Jones and drummer Louis Hayes) with Henley Gibson on congas, Marshall Thompson on timbales, and Harold Jones as an added percussionist for this release, which focuses mostly on the music of Brazilian composers (so the title Soul Espanol is a bit misleading). With the surge of interest in bossa nova and samba, Peterson’s interpretations of songs like “Manha de Carnaval,” “How Insensitive,” “Meditation,” and “Samba de Orfeo” have stood up very well against similar jazz recordings of the mid-‘60s. Peterson’s “Soulville Samba” has a gospel flavor, while his “Sensitive Samba” is more laid-back; Vincent Youmans’ decades-old “Carioca” also fit in nicely. This is an enjoyable, if not essential, part of Oscar Peterson’s considerable discography. The one mystery is why the credits and liner notes couldn’t have been reproduced on a larger insert in order for them to be readable; this is one major drawback in shrinking the original LP jacket to CD size. ~ Ken Dryden, AMG

As far as other reviews.....who cares about packaging! Big deal it comes in a slit case, you're not going to listen to it. I'm a huge oscar peterson fan, and to see something like this come out from him is simply amazing. It's like finding a heavy metal cd played by garth brooks. Oscar Peterson shows his true talent by being able to completely change his style and incorporate his jazz skillz into some beautiful latin beats. I bought this as a gift, and have regreted not keeping it for myself. If you're looking for just jazz, pick another of oscar's cds. However, if you're looking for brazilian, latin beats with jazz piano influence, then this is your purchase. ~ Edmundo

Personnel:
Oscar Peterson (Piano) 
Sam Jones (Double Bass) 
Louis Hayes (Drums) 
Marshall Thompson (Timbales) 
Harold Jones (Percussion) 
Henley Gibson (Conga)
 
Oscar Peterson - Soul Español  Tracks:
01  Mas Que Nada (Jorge Ben) 2:27 
02  Manha de Carnaval (Luiz Bonfá/Vinicius de Moraes) 3:45 
03  Call Me (Tony Hatch) 5:19 
04  How Intensitive (Vinicius de Moraes/Norman Gimbel/Antonio Carlos Jobim) 4:02 
05  Carioca (Edward Eliscu/Gus Kahn/Vincent Youmans) 4:31 
06  Soulville Samba (Oscar Peterson) 2:25 
07  Amanha (Tomorrow) (Phil Bodner) 4:21 
08  Meditation (Norman Gimbel/Antonio Carlos Jobim/Newton Mendonça) 4:15 
09  Samba Sensitive (Oscar Peterson) 3:20 
10  Samba de Orfeo (Luiz Bonfá/Vinicius de Moraes) 3:51 