Crew

Banner
KS Films

Director
Satyen Bose

Playback Singer
Asha Bhonsle
Kishore kumar
Manna Dey
Sudha Malhotra

Lyrics
Majrooh Sultanpuri

Music
S.D. Burman




Cast

Kishore Kumar 
Ashok Kumar
Anoop Kumar 
Madhubala
K.N. Singh 
Cukoo 
Helen
Veena
Mohan Choti
Sajjan
Sahira


Soundtrack


In haathon se sabki gaadi chal rahi hai
Ek Ladki Bheegi Bhaagi Si
Hum The Woh Thi
Babu Samajho Ishare
Haal Kaisa Hai Janaab Ka
Main Sitaron Ka Tarana
Rukh jaao na ji aaisi kya jaldi


Plot

Brijmohan Sharma (Ashok Kumar), Manmohan Sharma (Kishore Kumar) and his brother Jag Mohan Sharma (Anoop Kumar) run a garage. The eldest brother, Brijmohan hates women and doesn't allow any women or pictures of women in his garage unless its an emergency. One day while Manmohan is on the night shift, Renu (Madhubala) comes to the garage seeking help as her car breaks down. Renu gets angry at Manmohan because he is sleeping when he is supposed to be on duty. Manmohan doesn't like the fact that Renu shouts at him and initially refuses to repair her car but finally agrees. Manmohan finally repairs the car and Renu leaves for her home forgetting to pay Manmohan for his services. Manmohan tells his brother Brijmohan about this and realizes that Renu forgot her purse in the garage. Manmohan goes through the contents of it and finds a pass to a concert. Manmohan decides to go to this concert to recover his money from Renu. When Manmohan reaches the venue, he is not allowed to enter as the pass has Renu's name on it and not his, not wanting to let go of his money, Manmohan decides to wait in the Renu's car and meet her when she comes out. Manmohan however falls asleep and Renu doesn't notice him and drives home and parks her car in her garage with Manmohan inside. When Manmohan finally gets up he gets hungry and tries to look for some food in Renu's garage. A servant in Renu's house sees this and chases Manmohan who finally manages to escape. On his way home he notices a few men dumping a dead body on the road and fleeing.When ……
