07 March 2010


n.a.K. - A Blow House Mix IX (V-III-MMX)

Brought to you by www d0t musicthroughscience d0t com


It's good to see you back for another episode.  I've been working hard on my latest themed house mix.....here it is ready for your pleasure.  This is by far my personal best and I had a lot of fun putting it together.  Chose this theme due to one particular Ticon house track I stumbled across so the the theme should be no surprise.  The selection of new house tracks out in the last couple months has been insane. This is by far my tightest most complicated mix to date so I hope you enjoy it.  

There are a few stand-out tracks in my opinion such as the Ticon, Neil Quigley, Black Project, and Filo & Peri tracks.  I also threw in a little dub-step breakdown at the halfway point just to slow it down a bit before the next build up.  If you haven't heard it go and find the new MJ Cole - Sincere remix by Nero.....you won't regret it.  A lot of editing and customisation went into almost every track as I try to make all my mixes unique.  Anyway enough for now......sit back, turn it up and enjoy.  See you soon.


Cheers,

n.a.K. 

(You can download all my house mixes at musicthroughscience d0t com)



Track Listing


Intro – The Tower that are People........Money isn’t real
Butch - Disco Shhh (Original Mix)
Filo & Peri Ft. Eric Lumiere - Soul and the Sun (Jerome Isma-Ae Remix)
Ticon - Models on Cocaine (Original Mix)
Bellini - Samba De Janeiro 20 (Manuel De La Mare Smash Remix)
Swen Weber, Jewelz - Memory (Uppermost Remix)
Matteo Marini feat. Alexandra - Lovin' You (Noferini & Marini Remix) (n.a.K. edit)
Interlude - MJ Cole - Sincere (Nero Remix) (n.a.K. edit)
Neil Quigley - Afterburner (Stryke Remix)
The Black Project - Off the Wall (Noferini & Marini Mix)
Andrew M, Peter K - La Rubia & Babette Duwez (Slicerboys Con La Voz Remix)
Dirty South & Mark Knight - Stopover (Original Mix)
Deadmau5 & Chris Lake - I Said (Michael Woods Remix)
Maetrik - Paradigm House (Maetriks Dub Edit)
Joey Beltram - Slice 2010 (Alan Fitzpatrick Remix)


Total Track Time
1:18:07
                                                                                                    
Track Info
320kbps MP3
44100Hz
Stereo
128 BPM 


www d0t musicthroughscience d0t c0m