OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO
*** The Joe Blow Conspiracy Show - Gossip, Opinions, History, News
joeblow@umunu.com
skype:joeblowman

*** To come on the show, meet us at our Bittorrent tracker/AJAX chat/forum! 
http://www.umunu.com

*** The Conspiracy Central Bittorrent Tracker! 
http://tracker.concen.cc
OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO

The Harvard Psychedelic Club


Few names conjure the chaos and madness of the 1960s like that of Dr. Timothy Leary. It was Leary, after all, who told America's young: "The only way out is in. Turn on, tune in and drop out. Out of high school, junior executive, senior executive. And follow me!"

It was enough to lead Richard Nixon to label Leary "the most dangerous man in America."

But, as Don Lattin reminds us in this informative and highly entertaining book, Leary was once considered a rising star in mainstream psychology and worked with the imprimatur of no place other than Harvard University. It was at Harvard where Leary met another researcher named Richard Alpert, who was later to become a guru named Ram Dass.

Leary and Alpert were convinced that psychedelic drugs were going to change - in their words "revolutionize" - both psychology and religion. They set about to prove their ideas by liberally dispensing LSD and other hallucinogens to everyone from Harvard students to inmates at the local Massachusetts prisons. It was all done, they insisted, in the name of science.

Leary and Alpert and their fellow researchers wouldn't let their subjects take the drugs alone, but tripped with them. And, like the good researchers they were, they took voluminous notes. "Objects appeared distorted like images in a curved mirror," one researcher wrote about tripping while riding a bicycle. "I had the impression of being unable to move from the spot, although my assistant told me afterward that we had cycled at a good pace."

"I was overcome with the fear that I was going crazy," he continued. "I thought I had died."

Lattin, a former longtime religion writer for The Chronicle, makes good use of these notes and other contemporary sources. And he brings them up to date by conducting interviews with as many of the principals as he can find. He speaks to nearly all the people in the book's cumbersome subtitle: Ram Dass in Hawaii, Andrew Weil in Arizona and Huston Smith in California. Leary died in 1996, but Lattin is on his trail as well. Early in the book he tells of a visit to the house where Leary once lived in Newton, Mass.

The subtitle is just the beginning of the name-dropping that goes on in this book. Many 1960s icons have cameos, including John F. Kennedy (who may or may not have had some LSD delivered to the White House) and John Lennon (who wrote "Come Together" for Leary), and others like Aldous Huxley, Allen Ginsberg, William Burroughs, Maynard Ferguson, Ken Kesey, Grace Slick and Jerry Garcia.

I found the name-dropping a bit tedious at first, but then realized that Lattin was building an airtight case for his ambitious subtitle. By the end of the book, you realize that these four Harvard men did, in fact, "kill the Fifties and usher in a new age for America."

Many of the stories in this book have been told elsewhere, but Lattin tells them with new energy and weaves them together to create a satisfying narrative that re-creates and explains the era. He tells how Weil, then a young reporter for the Harvard Crimson, gets Leary and Alpert fired; how the center of the drug culture then shifts to San Francisco; how Leary gets arrested and tossed into jail and how the Weather Underground helps him escape.

In the end, Lattin notes, the god of drugs failed not only the four gurus of the age but also an entire generation. Hallucinogens did not revolutionize either psychology or religion. They led many astray and ruined many lives. (One of the haunting images from this book is of a mother who confronts a love-beaded Leary and screams at him: "You killed my son!" ) But Lattin sees much good in the legacy that these four men left.

"They changed the way we see the very nature of reality," Lattin writes. "We see the best of them in the best of ourselves. In the end, it is not about the drugs. It's about remembering the life-affirming moments along the way - those glimpses of wonder and awe, empathy and interconnectedness - and finding a place for all of that in the rest of our lives."


1 - The Harvard Psychedelic Club by Don Lattin - cdnbakmi_kaltura_com.flv
2 - The Harvard Psychedelic Club by Don Lattin - (DangerousMinds).flv
3 - The Harvard Psychedelic Club by Don Lattin - Tapestry_20100620_34166.mp3
4 - The Harvard Psychedelic Club by Don Lattin - 7th Ave Project.mp3
5 - The Harvard Psychedelic Club by Don Lattin - (Trailer-30sec).flv

Severall lectures from Don lattin about his new book

(30sec-booktrailer)

Joe Blow recommends these websites: 
   
http://www.concen.cc   
http://www.umunu.com    
http://www.theinfounderground.com    
http://www.iamthewitness.com    
http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com

Send tips to joeblow@umunu.com or call skype:joeblowman	