Tipplers Tales is a 1978 album by Fairport Convention; recorded in only ten days, it was the last album the band recorded for Vertigo. Simon Nicol later wrote

"We secured a deal with Vertigo, the one that ended up with them paying us not to make records. It seemed a novelty, like that Marx Brothers line: "How much for you NOT to rehearse?" "Oh, you can't afford it." We did Bonny Bunch and Tipplers Tales then didn't make the other four contracted albums" 
Dave Pegg would later say

"It wasn't a great deal of money. It was about £30,000. It was the first time we had ever made money out of music. We got like £7,000 each. It was more money than we'd ever had in our lives. This was back in '78 and it enabled us to split up."
Tipplers Tales was described by Allmusic as "not a concept album, even though alcohol is a recurrent motif in many of the traditional numbers", but nonetheless "doing what the band members do best -- taking some fine old traditional English jigs, reels, and traditional narratives and putting their own distinctive folk-rock stamp on them". Following the release of Tippler's Tales, Fairport would not record for the following seven years until the Gladys' Leap album in 1985.

Several of the traditional folk songs had previously been recorded by A. L. Lloyd accompanied by Dave Swarbrick. The version of "John Barleycorn" here is close to the version recorded by Traffic, as Steve Winwood had been taught the song by The Watersons. The tune is based on "Wir Pflügen" by Johann Schultz, better known as We Plough The Fields and Scatter, an old English harvest festival hymn.

Dave Swarbrick - fiddle, mandolin, mandocello, vocals 
Simon Nicol - electric and acoustic guitars, vocals, dulcimer, piano 
Dave Pegg - bass guitar, guitar, mandolin, vocals 
Bruce Rowland - drums, percussion, electric piano 
Barry Hammond - engineer 

Audio CD (19 Feb 2007) 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Commercial Marketing 
ASIN: B000MNNRXW 

All tracks credited as "Traditional" unless otherwise stated

"Ye Mariners All" (Bottom Of The Punch Bowl/ East Nuke Of Fyfe/Ye Mariners All) - 4:29 
"Three Drunken Maidens" - 2:46 
"Jack O'Rion" (Jack O'Rion/Turnabout/Tiree/Miss Stevenson's/Do It Now/March of the Last/Turnabout) : 11:04 
"Reynard The Fox" - 3:02 
"Lady Of Pleasure" (Allan Taylor) - 2:34 
"Bankruptured" (Dave Pegg) - 1:55 
"The Widow of Westmoorland" - 3:23[10] 
"The Hair of the Dogma" (Dave Pegg) - 1:48 
"As Bitme" (Dave Pegg/Bruce Rowland) - 1:40 
"John Barleycorn" - 4:39 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed

