Party - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 via DVB-T
4 x 30 Minute Episodes - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


Based on the award-winning play from last year's Edinburgh Festival, Party is written by Edinburgh Comedy Award winner and Cowards member, Tom Basden. It explores what happens when a group of people try and change the world.

Four young idealists have decided to form a new political party to save the world from itself. The new fifth member, Duncan, sets about saving the world from them.

A suburban garden shed is the setting, as the adolescent adults debate forming their own political party. From the perils of electing a leader and choosing a party name through to the finer intricacies of Foreign and Environmental policy, this comedy satirises the ambitions, hypocrisy and naivety of those who choose to try to change the world.

Party is about small minds tackling big issues - China, sex trafficking, cycle lanes, unfair trade coffee, whether to call the party 'The Friendly Party' or 'Gladios', and when, exactly, they should break to eat a cake.



www.comedy.co.uk Review: 

This play has stormed Edinburgh (it won a Fringe First Award) and has been playing out in London to packed houses. The radio adaptation seems to have managed to capture much of the magic of the stage show as episode one has been favourably reviewed from all quarters too.

Cast:
Tom Basden
Tim Key
Jonny Sweet
Anna Crilly
Katy Wix
Nick Mohammed

Written by Tom Basden 
 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/party/episodes/


Party - S01 - E01
Party - S01 - E02 
Party - S01 - E03 
Party - S01 - E04 


.

Audio Format    : MP3
Duration        : 28mn 1s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits


[b]A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them[/b]

.