History

PVT are a 3-piece band based in London and Sydney. They were formed as a purely improvisational 5-piece band in Sydney 1999 by brothers Richard Pike and Laurence Pike. The band spent the subsequent four years developing their sound and working on their debut, with guitarist Richard Pike producing.
PVT, then going by the name Pivot, released their debut album, Make Me Love You, in August 2005. It was well-regarded, receiving widespread radio support on alternative radio and being nominated for a J Award by national youth broadcaster Triple J. The band added Perth (and now London) electronica artist Dave Miller in late 2005, omitting the old members from their line up and becoming a three piece.
In 2008, PVT signed to legendary UK label Warp Records.
Their first EP In the Blood was released (as Pivot) on 18 May in UK /Europe, and 24 May in Australia in 12" / Digital format. The music video was directed by Alexander Orlando Smith (Coldplay, Futureheads).
PVT's first international release O Soundtrack My Heart (also released under the name band name Pivot) came out August 9 in Australia, and August 18 in the UK / Europe. It was tracked at BJB Studios Sydney, Australia, with Scott Horscroft, and mixed with John McEntire (Tortoise/The Sea and Cake), at Soma Electronic Music Studios in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
2008 saw the band tour relentlessly across Europe and the UK. Notable shows included an appearance at 2008 Meltdown with Yellow Magic Orchestra, Glastonbury and invitations from The Arctic Monkeys, Sigur Rós and Gary Numan to support on Australian tours.
The band has been known to cover Talking Heads' "I Zimbra" live using live sampling to replicate up to 12 parts, and included a live version of the song on the B-side of their "O Soundtrack My Heart" tour-only 7".
PVT were invited to perform as part of the Brian Eno curated Luminous Festival at the Sydney Opera House in June 2009, and were then also working on the completion of their third studio release, Church With No Magic, with engineer Burke Reid in Sydney.
In 2009 they contributed a cover of the Grizzly Bear song "Colorado" to the Warp20 (Recreated) compilation, as well as having their song "Fool In Rain" covered by Scott Herren's 'Diamond Watch Wrists'.
In 2010, the group decided to remove the vowels from their name Pivot after a legal claim was made from an American band of the same name.
About the name change, Richard Pike said “It was frustrating and kind of ridiculous, but it became quickly obvious that it was a legal battle in the US we may not even win, and one we just couldn’t afford to lose. So in the end, we weren't fazed by it. Altering the name just seemed to be another step in the process for the record to come out and be heard… At the end of the day it’s small change, and we hope you’ll adjust to as quickly as we have.”
They will be launching their new album Church With No Magic under their new name 'PVT' in Australia on 19 July 2010 and worldwide on 9 August 2010.


Tracklist:

 01. Community
 02. Light Up Bright Fires
 03. Church With No Magic
 04. Crimson Swan
 05. Window
 06. The Quick Mile
 07. Waves & Radiation
 08. Circle of Friends
 09. Timeless
 10. Only the Wind Can Hear You