Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Straight Through My Heart" is a song performed by American Grammy-nominated international pop boy band Backstreet Boys. It is being released as the lead single from the group's seventh studio album titled This is Us and is their first of three collaborations with critically acclaimed songwriter and producer RedOne apprearing on the album.

On July 23, 2009 the single received its world premier on the group's official website, since then it was sent to radio on July 28, 2009 with Canadian stations being the first to pick-up the song. It was released to iTunes on August 19, 2009 in some European countries and August 28 in the US before receiving a CD release in the UK and US on September 28 and September 29 respectively.

The video for Straight Through My Heart was filmed on August 7th and 8th of 2009 in downtown Los Angeles, California. It was directed by Kai Regan. It was released on August 27 on Us Weekly's website. 

The introduction says, ‘'Day Walkers: A group who band together to protect innocent mortals or Kine against the Gentry: Vampires who hunt for prey at bars and nightclubs. Sometimes these hunters become, The hunted..’'

After the introduction the song starts playing. A female vampire rides a motorcycle up to a nightclub and walks inside. The Backstreet Boys are performing inside the club. The vampire begins to hunt for victims as the Backstreet Boys start to sing. Just before the climax of the song, Nick notices that the vampire has a victim. At the climax, water, presumably holy water, pours down from the ceiling onto the crowd. This scares the vampire and Nick reaches out to her. He leads the vampire, with Brian, AJ, and Howie behind them, into another room. They lock the doors and open another one, throwing the vampire outside into the sunlight. This destroys her. After destroying the vampire, the group walks out into the sun, revealing their enlarged eye teeth and red eyes.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

