POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit 



POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at


POtHS 2- Origins - 06 - The Incredible Creatures of Creation

These Evolutionary Priests claim Everything is an Accident. Have you ever had an Accident in an Automobile with another Automobile??? Did either improve its looks or function better after the Accident??? How many accidents would you have to have before there was an improvement in either vehicle??? I think you get my drift.

Please have a look at all the Beautiful Accidents that our Creator Yahweh made for us to enjoy and honor. If this is not visual proof for you that there is a Creator, keep on Praying to your ancestors. What kind of Rock did you evolve from??? Evolution is one of The Dumbest ideas that Satan has sold to the Masses. The other is That he (Satan) doesn't exist!!! Evolution supports both perfectly. Take a bite, it surely will NOT hurt you and you can then be like God. LIES LIES LIES



Origins - 01 - Creation Seminar - Kent Hovind

Origins - 02 - Beginnings - By Eric Hovind is an updated version of the Creation Seminar by his Father.

Origins - 03 - Shows how our kids are taught in College. These professors are the most closed minded people I have ever seen. They allow NO FREEDOM in the Universities for FREE THOUGHT other than their Religion of Science that there is absolutely zero, zip, notta single bit of Scientific Proof to their claims that my ancestors were single cells brewing in a Primeval stew of mud, rock, seawater and then it suddenly came alive. A single cell is more complicated than an aircraft carrier and it can duplicate itself with no external information needed. Can an Aircraft Carrier do that???

Origins - 04 - Genesis - In the Beginning The God Yahweh created the heavesn....Chuck Missler 24 hour Bible Study.

Origins - 05 - Take This Fossil and Lie About It.

Origins - 06 - The incredible Creature of Creation

Origins - 07 - ???


NO MAN needs More Prayer than obama our illegal alien president, he ain't even an American. Watch this video... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3djvS0kdZQ&feature=uploademail How stupid are we???  Forget obama, pray for the Rapture below. 



Rapture (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on The Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,

Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so we shall always be with the Lord.


Many thanks to all the Film Makers that brought these facts to life.

The World Governments that are run by The Banksters, that are empowered by Lucifer, are The True Terrorists, only The Final Showdown between Lucifer and Jesus will save Mankind. We know who wins the Battle, The Creator of The Universe, of course!!!

The More You share the More shares you will receive, may Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.   

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below 

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study  
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net Listen to Alex Jones  
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html  
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!) 

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




                                   