NAME: Endless Ocean: Dive, Discover, Dream
REGI: PAL
LANG: MULTI-5
GENR: Action
SIZE: 1.11GB
    
Product Description:
Discover the beauty of the sea and take part in various activities such as swimming, exploring marine life or cataloguing tropical fish with this new Touch! Generations title. The beauty of Endless Ocean is that you can do as much or as little as you like. The relaxed and calm atmosphere of the game gives you the freedom to explore special locations such as shipwrecks and underwater ruins, discover and interact with sea-life, complete fish logs or simply relax in the soothing environment. The game begins with you onboard a diving boat, with a crewmember that provides advice and tips on finding the best locations for fish and helps you advance the storyline. Assume the role of the diver, opting to go into the water to explore sea-life at your own pace utilizing tools such as a camera or fish bait. In the cabin on the boat, you can access the fish log to check out the fish that have been spotted, as well as carry out missions like photographing marine life. These missions unlock content, such as new items to use underwater, or different diving gear that can be used to customize your diver. Navigate through the depths using the Wii remote and guide your character using the pointer's cursor, visible as a bright blueInteract with fish or plants and discover new species while building up your fish log. Befriend companions like a dolphin which will become your partner and with whom you can train and swim with. The Wii's unique Wi-Fi Connection Service allows players link up with your friends. By exchanging friend codes, two players may dive and explore the ocean together.
Looking to kick back and relax? Endless Ocean features several soothing modes. On the deck of the boat is a deckchair that allows you to sit and watch the sea. Alternatively in the aquarium section of the game, you can select fish they have seen and add them in an aquarium for a closer inspection.