Date:
 07-15-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 William Henry, Joseph Jacobs, Terry Jamison, Linda Jamison, Dr. Bob Curran 
 


In the 11th edition of our Secret Door special, five guests made surprise appearances during the evening, with callers initially trying to guess who they were by identifying their voices. 

First through the door was investigative mythologist William Henry who talked about some of his recent travels, including a trip to see the Shroud of Turin, and a visit to James Gilliland's ranch, where a large group of people witnessed a UFO (video clip), after Gilliland conducted a "clearing" ceremony. Henry also discussed stargates, and how different cities such as Dallas and Detroit are featuring public art that references stargate shapes or portals. 

After fooling everyone with a strange robotic voice, psychic Joseph Jacobs popped in next. "America drifted into a wonderful and productive year starting this July 4th," he said, though "August can be a time of terror." He spoke about using "I am" affirmations, such as "I am finding a job I like," or "I am working with people I like," as a way of bringing positive energy into one's life. "I am is the name of God and so you are in a sense inviting God to be inside of you," he added. 

In a dual appearance through the door, the 'Psychic Twins,' Terry & Linda Jamison shared some predictions for the rest of this year and beyond. They see a number of health breakthroughs on the horizon including treatments for autism, Alzheimer's, and cancer. They foresee a stock market "correction" (not a crash) in September/October, two major hurricanes in the Atlantic/Gulf Coast region, and a big fire in Texas (possibly in August). The two also talked about their use of automatic writing, and work with spirit guides-- interestingly, they noted that it's possible to "fire" a spirit guide. 

Author Bob Curran was last through the secret door, and discussed his new book Dark Fairies, which details how folklore has sometimes depicted fairies as dangerous creatures who were to be feared. They were known for stealing children and leaving strange "changelings" behind, trying to fool the parents. He also talked about his research into vampires and werewolves, both seeing a resurgence of interest in popular culture. Vampires evoke eroticism, and a longing for immortality, while werewolves tap into a primal beast or hunter within us, he commented. 


Website(s):
â