 http://bayimg.com/GAaohAADA

The Karamazov Brothers (2008) 

Karamazovi (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1080716/

Czech Polish and Enslish languages with English subtitles.


The Karamazovs (Czech: Karamazovi) is a 2008 Czech movie based on the novel The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoevsky. Directed by Petr Zelenka with the soundtrack by Oscar-winning Jan A. P. Kaczmarek, it tells a story of Czech actors who come to Polish steelworks to perform Dostojevski's The Brothers Karamazov at an alternative drama festival. As rehearsals get under way, we follow not only the emotional story examining issues of faith, immortality and the salvation of the human soul, but also the relationships within the acting troupe itself, which strangely reflect Dostojevski’s "great" themes. The stage drama is transferred to the real world when a tragedy occurs during rehearsal involving one of the spectators. Karamazovi won the International Federation of Film Critics (FIPRESCI) award in Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 2008 and has been submitted by The Czech Republic for the 2009 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.

  Martin Mysicka  ...  Himself / Alyosha Karamazov  
  Michaela Badinková  ...  Herself / Katya  
  Jerzy Michal Bozyk  ...  Pianist  
  Igor Chmela  ...  Himself / Ivan Karamazov  
  Malgorzata Galkowska    
  Radek Holub  ...  Himself / Smerdyakov  
  Lenka Krobotová  ...  Herself / Grushenka  
  Klara Lidova  ...  Dancer  
  Roman Luknár  ...  Himself / Director  
  Andrzej Mastalerz  ...  Serviceman  
  Marek Matejka  ...  Himself / Commissioner / Judge  
  David Novotný  ...  Himself / Dmitriy Karamazov  
  Jerzy Rogalski    
  Pavel Simcík  ...  Himself / Innkeeper  
  Ivan Trojan  ...  Stary Karamazov  

Those with a taste for life on the dark side will devour Petr Zelenka's The Karamazovs with evil gusto.

The set up involves a large European arts grant resulting in bringing a Czech theatre troupe to Poland as part of the Closer to Life Festival. They will perform a theatrical version of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's infamous novel, The Brothers Karamazov. 

The wide variety of acts (including a Pas de deux and magical puppet show) will be staged in and around a steel factory whose long history has included owners from Germany and Russia before the present Indian steel baron took over the helm of sweaty commerce.

The storied plot unfolds in the wide-open venue, the likes of which those confined to a real theatre can only envy. Using the sprawling workplace and environs, the scenes unfold with extra-visual depth that is at one with the exceptional skills of the players (not the least of which are Radek Holub's portrayal of the epileptic semi-son, Smerdyakov and thegripping characterization of his soulless father by Ivan Trojan).

The Rozbitel Orchestra renders Jan A.P. Kaczmarek's score (largely piano and strings) with aplomb—Marek Szpakiewicz's cello contributions are especially fine—even as the music remembers Bartók and Russian folk songs (the cocktail piano bits also can't fail to bring a smile).

As this life-imitates-art-imitates-death production reaches its difficult end, the original material seems stronger than ever. The tale of My Four Sons, debts owed and competing for the same women (Michaela Badinková and Lenka Krobotová) remains as compelling and timeless as ever. Even the cinematic treatment (Alexander Surkala proves to be a first-class cinematographer) can't overshadow the novelist's masterful intent.
