My Little Sister (1971)
 
http://www.imagengratis.org/images/mylittlesi.jpg 
http://www.somethingweird.com 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0144384/ 
http://www.somethingweird.com/cart.php?target=product&product_id=23367&substring=My+Little+Sister

Studio   Something Weird Video
Release Date  1971 
Category  Classic,All Sex, Adult
Starring  Suzanne Fields ...  Judi (as Judi Lawson), Nancy Martin ...  Cindy (as Cindy Lawson), Rene Bond ... Karen (as Karen Small), Ric Lutze ...  Mike (uncredited) 


SUZANNE FIELDS, cult star and cutie, is My Little Sister, a gal with lots of attitude. Too much attitude, if you ask her older sister, who believes "a good lay" might be just what baby sister needs. So she arranges for some of her hypersexual pals — who include RENE BOND and RIC LUTZE — to provide li’l sis with her much-needed cumuppance.

Of course, any movie offering Suzanne and Rene together in hardcore scenes is a treasure and a treat, and makes up in spades for the lame dubbed dialogue that almost makes this a comedy.

Rest assured, the visuals are what this one’s all about. When Rene and Suzanne get it on together, the old pagan gods are smiling down from their forgotten heaven.

Also on offer here is one of Rene’s most lyrical blowjobs, which had the Deviate smiling from ear to shining ear. 
Goodtime ’70s hardcore.

"Live Free Or Die," reads the New Hampshire license plate in the opening closeup of Two Sisters, which might be taken as the motto of Debbie and little Mary. But let’s get one thing straight: this is not a sequel to Chekhov’s Three Sisters. Debbie and Mary definitely don’t pine away about Moscow and the meaning of life. They cruise for cock!

They pick up RIC LUTZE (again) and his bonehead buddy, Bob, who take the sisters to a toy store they own (?!) where the gals "can have any toy they want." Debbie chooses a toy rocket. Says Ric, "All these chicks like these phallic toys!"

But the guys have another idea. "Let’s play 'Doctor!'" And, sure enough, a toy doctor’s bag is produced, and the foursome engage in "a complete physical examination" right there in the cluttered aisle of the store.

When little Mary sees her first cock, she knows exactly what to do with it. We tend to forget the vital role instinct still plays in our lives. Just how vital, this flick reminds us, and in wonderful ’70s style. 

— Don the Deviate, America Moralia
