RUN TIME : 158 MINUTES

In 2009, Dr. Adrian Helmsley (Chiwetel Ejiofor), an American geologist, visits astrophysicist Dr. Satnam Tsurutani (Jimi Mistry) in India and learns that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are causing the temperature of the Earth's core to increase. Adrian informs White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser (Oliver Platt) and United States President Thomas Wilson (Danny Glover) that this will trigger a catastrophic chain of natural disasters. In 2010, Wilson, along with other international leaders, begins a secret project intended to ensure humanity's survival. Approximately 400,000 people are chosen to board ships called "arks" that are constructed at Cho Ming, Tibet, in the Himalayas. Additional funding for the project is raised by selling tickets to the private sector for €1 billion per person. By 2011, humanity's valuable treasures are moved to the Himalayas under the guise of protecting them from terrorist attacks.

In 2012, Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles who works part-time as a limousine driver for billionaire Yuri Karpov (Zlatko Burić). Jackson's ex-wife Kate (Amanda Peet) and their children Noah (Liam James) and Lily (Morgan Lily) live with Kate's boyfriend, plastic surgeon and amateur pilot Gordon Silberman (Thomas McCarthy). Jackson takes Noah and Lily camping in Yellowstone National Park, where they meet Charlie Frost (Woody Harrelson), who hosts a radio show from the park. Charlie references a theory that suggests the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predicts that the 2012 phenomenon is going to occur. He has a map of the ark project in addition to information about government officials and scientists from around the world who were murdered after planning to alert the public about the project and the upcoming apocalypse. The family returns home as seismic activity increases along the west coast of the United States. Jackson grows suspicious and rents a plane to rescue his family. He collects his family and Gordon as the Earth crust displacement begins, and they escape Los Angeles using a Cessna 340 as the city slides into the Pacific Ocean.

As millions die in catastrophic earthquakes worldwide, the group flies to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie's map, escaping as the Yellowstone Caldera erupts. Staying behind to broadcast the eruption, Charlie is killed in the blast. Learning the arks are in China, the group lands in Las Vegas. They meet Yuri, his twin sons Alec and Oleg (Alexandre Haussmann and Philippe Haussmann), girlfriend Tamara (Beatrice Rosen) and pilot Sasha (Johann Urb). The group secures an Antonov 500 aircraft and departs for China. Also heading for the arks aboard Air Force One are Anheuser, Helmsley and First Daughter Laura Wilson (Thandie Newton). President Wilson chooses to remain in Washington, D.C. to address the nation one last time. With the Vice President dead and the Speaker of the House missing, Anheuser assumes de facto leadership of the United States. President Wilson is later killed by a megatsunami that sends the USS John F. Kennedy crashing into the White House.

Arriving in China in a crash landing that kills Sasha, the group is spotted by the People's Liberation Army. Yuri and his sons, possessing tickets, are taken to the arks. The Curtis family, Gordon and Tamara are picked up by Nima (Osric Chau), a Buddhist monk on his way to the arks. They stow away with the help of Nima's brother Tenzin (Chin Han), who has been working on the ark project's construction crew. As a megatsunami approaches the site, an impact driver becomes lodged between the gears of the ark's hydraulics chamber, preventing a boarding gate from closing and rendering the ship unable to start its engines. In the ensuing chaos, Yuri, Gordon and Tamara are killed, Tenzin is wounded and the flooding ark is set adrift. Jackson and Noah dislodge the impact driver and the crew regains control of the ark, preventing a collision with Mount Everest.

After flood waters from the tsunamis recede, the arks set sail for the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa where the Drakensberg Mountains have risen in relation to sea level and become the tallest mountains in the world. Jackson is reconciled with his family and Adrian starts a relationship with Laura. The Earth is shown from space, revealing a drastically changed landscape.

[edit] Cast
John Cusack as Jackson Curtis, a struggling science fiction novelist who occasionally works as a limousine driver[3]
Chiwetel Ejiofor as Dr. Adrian Helmsley, geologist and scientific advisor to the President of the USA, who is a big fan of Curtis' work[4]
Amanda Peet as Kate Curtis, a medical student and Jackson's ex-wife[5]
Liam James as Noah Curtis, Jackson and Kate's son
Morgan Lily as Lilly Curtis, Jackson and Kate's daughter
Thomas McCarthy as Dr. Gordon Silberman, Kate's current boyfriend, a plastic surgeon [6]
Danny Glover as Thomas Wilson, the President of the United States.[7]
Thandie Newton as Dr. Laura Wilson, President Wilson's daughter[7]
Oliver Platt as Carl Anheuser, the President's Chief of Staff[7]
Zlatko Burić as Yuri Karpov, a Russian billionaire
Beatrice Rosen as Tamara, Yuri's Russian girlfriend
Alexandre Haussmann as Alec Karpov, one of Yuri's sons
Philippe Haussmann as Oleg Karpov, Alec's twin brother
Woody Harrelson as Charlie Frost, a scientist disguised as a Yellowstone hermit who explains the Mayan 2012 legends to Jackson Curtis
Chin Han as Tenzin, a worker in Tibet
Osric Chau as Nima, a Buddhist monk and Tenzin's brother
Lisa Lu as Grandma Sonam, Nima and Tenzin's grandmother.
John Billingsley, as Professor Frederic West, an American scientist
Johann Urb as Sasha, a Russian pilot and Tamara's lover
Blu Mankuma as Harry Helmsley, Adrian's father and Tony's musical partner
George Segal as Tony Delgatto, an elderly traveling musician and Harry's musical partner
Patrick Bauchau as Roland Picard, the curator of the Louvre who is killed by the government when he gets too near the truth
Jimi Mistry as Dr. Satnam Tsurutani, an Indian scientist who helps discover the events leading to the catastrophe.
Stephen McHattie as Captain Michaels, the captain of the ark that Jackson and his family stowaway on
Henry O as Lama Rinpoche
Merrilyn Gann as German Chancellor
Jorgito Vargas, Jr. as a chef

FROM WIKIPEDIA.COM