zk.
                     
                                       
                                  
                       
                
  
 
    
                            
                                                  
                                                      
                                                   
                                                          
                                                           
                                                           
                                                            
                                                            
                                        
                                      
       
         
         


                                                                      
              [ MOST PROUDLY PRESENTS ]            
                                                                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                 Cyclone v7.0
                                  (c) Leica

               Supplier . : RECOiL       Size ..... : 30 x 5.00MB
               Cracker .. : RECOiL       Protection : FlexLM
               Packager . : RECOiL       Type ..... : Utility
               Date ..... : 12-04-2009   OS ....... : Win
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                   
                                                  
  
     [ RELEASE NOTES  ]  
  

   Cyclone lets users take advantage of traverse, back-sight, and
   resection capabilities of the new Leica ScanStation laser scanner for
   more cost-effective as-built and topographic surveys and lets users
   create plant as-built models more efficiently from laser scans.
   
   Unique, Efficient Foundation
   The inherent completeness of 3D point clouds represents one of their
   major advantages over other sources of geometric information. Cyclone's
   unique Object Database Client/Server software architecture provides the
   highest performance environment for laser scanning projects. Cyclone
   software makes it easy for users to manage data efficiently in
   databases. Users can work concurrently on databases, thereby reducing
   the need to copy and/or transmit large point cloud project files.
   
   Cyclone Modules for Flexible Configuration
   Leica Cyclone is comprised of individual software modules for
   different needs and for flexible product customization.
   
   Cyclone-SCAN
   
   Cyclone-SCAN is the software interface for operating the Leica
   ScanStation, HDS6000, and HDS3000. User-specified scan area and density,
   data filtering, scan scripting, and automatic recognition and extraction
   of both planar and spherical Leica Geosystems HDS targets  all
   contribute to this easy-to-use, intelligent data capture application.
   
   Cyclone-REGISTER
   
   Cyclone-REGISTER provides the complete set of tools for aligning point
   clouds captured from different scanning positions, quickly and
   accurately. Cyclone-REGISTER supports the use of Leica Geosystems HDS
   targets to geo-reference scan data, as well as the ability to align
   overlapping areas of point clouds  without the use of targets. This
   results in optimum registration, and provides significant time- and
   cost-savings by reducing the need to place and extract targets. 
   
   Cyclone-MODEL
   
   This versatile, powerful module enables professionals to use point
   clouds directly, to process them into objects for robust export into CAD
   (and other applications), and to allow robust import of data from CAD
   (and other applications). Cyclone-MODEL has the industrys largest,
   most complete and automated set of tools for accurately modeling 3D
   point clouds as CAD geometry or as meshes for engineering, surveying,
   construction, architectural and related applications.
   
   Cyclone-SURVEY
   
   Cyclone-SURVEY lets surveyors quickly extract relevant feature and
   coordinate information from the point cloud data via the Cyclone Virtual
   Surveyor function. Powerful tools support complex topographic models,
   with intelligent mesh decimation that minimizes file size while
   retaining accurate geometry. Cyclone-SURVEY is a subset of the
   Cyclone-MODEL product and is an ideal module for surveyors. 
   
   Cyclone-VIEWER
   
   Cyclone-VIEWER is a view-only version of the Cyclone software. This
   product, free of charge, enables visualization of Cyclone data on a
   desktop or portable PC, without a full featured Cyclone license. Share
   your Cyclone databases with non-Cyclone-MODEL users; the Cyclone-VIEWER
   provides full viewing capabilities to allow users to rotate, zoom and
   navigate through Cyclone data, including point clouds and 3D models.
   
   Cyclone-SERVER
   
   Cyclone-SERVER enables individual members of workgroups to
   simultaneously access 3D point cloud data sets and/or models. This
   provides a powerful environment for collaborative design on large,
   complex projects, and can significantly reduce project execution time.
   Cyclone- SERVER supports the simultaneous connection of one through ten
   client users to the same data server in a network environment. These
   clients can be licensees of Cyclone-REGISTER, MODEL, SURVEY, VIEWER, or
   Cyclone CloudWorx for AutoCAD and for MicroStation.
   
   Leica TruView and Cyclone Publisher
   
   Leica Cyclone PUBLISHER publishes point cloud data for web-based sharing
   and viewing allowing access from anywhere in the world. Using the FREE
   Leica TruView panoramic point cloud viewer, users can view, zoom in, or
   pan over point clouds naturally and
   intuitively.

  
     [  INSTALLATION  ]  
  

   Unzip, Unrar, Install. Use the patch.

  
     [   GROUP iNFO   ]  
  

        We are not taking any applications. We are an invite only group.

  
     [   GREETINGS    ]  
  

           Our friends, our loyal members and our fair competitors.
                             You know who you are.

  
     [ RECOiL IN 2009 - ONE MORE IMPACT! ]