File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:11

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 4702 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.10 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.

Alexis Jordan is a multi-racial American singer, songwriter and actress from Columbia, South Carolina. She was a contestant on the first season of "America's Got Talent" and is signed to Sony Music through Jay-Z's record label Star Roc.

In 2010, Jordan's first single, "Happiness", reached number one on Billboard's Hot Dance Airplay chart on its June 12, 2010 issue. The single, produced by Stargate, will be the lead single from the self-titled album of the same name. Jordan notes the debut album will have various styles and an uptempo beat. However, Jordan states that this set will not include any explicit content. "I want to be really positive, no cussing, none of that. I'm a young artist and I want to be a role model. A lot of songs are upbeat, and some are ballads. There's a little bit of that country vibe in it, and a little bit of that reggae vibe. My album really has everything."

Jordan was born in Columbia, South Carolina in 1992 to a mother of African American/Native American/European descent and a Puerto Rican father and has three younger siblings. Her family later relocated to Santa Clarita, California when she was 11, which is where Jordan started singing since she began to speak and songwriting since she was in 3rd grade. After performing the National Anthem for the United States Air Force Academy  at age 12, Jordan started to attract a ton of attention and was asked to sing at various events, leading to bigger and better opportunities. Jordan cites her opening gig for a concert in 2004 as inspiring. "When I was 12, I opened up for Smokey Robinson at a Stevie Wonder tribute," remembers Alexis. "I sang ‘Ribbon In The Sky' and Stevie was backstage like, ‘You didn't think I heard you singing my song did you?' I didn't know how big of a legend he was but looking back on it now, I can't believe that I did that! It was such a great experience." In between her musical career, Jordan also performed as an actress, taking roles on soap operas and commercials.

in 2006, Jordan's big break came when she auditioned as a contestant for the new Simon Cowell-produced reality-contest program America's Got Talent, which debuted on NBC that same year. Jordan sang Whitney Houston's "I Have Nothing" at the audition and made it to next round, only to be elimiated in the semi-finals. Despite the elimination, Jordan began to expand on her musical career after her family relocated to Atlanta, Georgia. While there, Jordan began uploading her songs onwhile submitting demos. By 2008 Jordan'spage was racking up millions of views. This exposure would lead Jordan to the attention of rapper/music executive Jay-Z, who became her mentor and signed her to his Roc Nation-imprint spinoff Star Roc, and in turn resulted in her becoming a part of the Columbia Records roster.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/