Amnesia is an album by Richard Thompson recorded and released in 1988.

After Across A Crowded Room and Daring Adventures had not troubled the compilers of hit parades, Polydor declined their option to renew their contract with Richard Thompson. Thompson's then manager Gary Stamler negotiated a deal with Capitol Records and Thompson cut his first album for his new label in 1988.

This was a good time for Thompson to be at Capitol. The label was managed by Hale Milgrim at the time and Milgrim was a fan of Thompson and his work. Thus Capitol invested more money and effort into promoting Thompson than had been the case in the past and with other labels.

Mitchell Froom was retained as producer, and the album was again recorded in Los Angeles with American session musicians providing most of the backing. Thompson still used British players to lend specifically British touches to some songs. In particular long-time collaborators John Kirkpatrick, Aly Bain and Philip Pickett are used, and members of the Fairey Engineering Band provide a brass backing to I Still Dream that owes more to the Salvation Army than it does to Memphis or any other American centre of music.

The album was (as usual) well received by the music press, and sales, whilst not stellar, were boosted by Capitol's commitment to promoting artist and album.
[edit]
Track listing

All songs written by Richard Thompson
"Turning Of The Tide"
"Gypsy Love Songs"
"Reckless Kind"
"Jerusalem On The Jukebox"
"I Still Dream"
"Don't Tempt Me"
"Yankee, Go Home"
"Can't Win"
"Waltzing's For Dreamers"
"Pharaoh"

Released	October 1988
Recorded	1988 at Sunset Sound, Los Angeles and Konk Studios, London
Genre	Rock
Length	43:39
Label	Capitol

Producer	Mitchell Froom

Personnel
Richard Thompson - guitar, vocals, mandolin, hammer dulcimer
Mitchell Froom - portative organ, regal, Chamberlin, stereophonic Optigan, electric harp, organ, producer
Jerry Scheff - bass guitar on 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, & 10
Tony Levin - bass guitar, stick on 3, 6, & 8
Mickey Curry - drums on 2, 3, 6, 7, 8
Jim Keltner - drums on 1, 4, 5, 10
Alex Acuña - percussion
Christine Collister - backing vocals
Clive Gregson - backing vocals
John Kirkpatrick - accordion, anglo-concertina, bass vocals
Philip Pickett - shawm, recorder, curtal, peking that, bass racket
Aly Bain - fiddle
Brian Taylor - cornet
Tony Goddard - cornet
David Horn - tenor horn
Ian Peters - euphonium
Fred Tackett - guitar
Frances Kelly - baroque harp
Danny Thompson - double bass
Alistair Anderson - northumbrian pipes
Tchad Blake – recordist
Mike Kloster – 2nd engineer
Ted Patterson – 2nd engineer
Bob Ludwig – mastering

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
