2010 Dream Attic limited edition deluxe  2CD  Proper PRPCDX064

1 The Money Shuffle   
2 Among the Gorse, Among the Grey   
3 Haul Me Up   
4 Burning Man   
5 Here Comes Geordie   
6 Demons in Her Dancing Shoes   
7 Crimescene   
8 Big Sun Falling in the River   
9 Stumble On   
10 Sidney Wells   
11 A Brother Slips Away   
12 Bad Again   
13 If Love Whispers Your Nam
  
Disc: 2  
1. The Money Shuffle (Acoustic Demo Version)  
2. Among The Gorse, Among The Grey (Acoustic Demo Version)  
3. Haul Me Up (Acoustic Demo Version)  
4. Burning Man (Acoustic Demo Version)  
5. Here Comes Geordie (Acoustic Demo Version)  
6. Demons In Her Dancing Shoes (Acoustic Demo Version)  
7. Crimescene (Acoustic Demo Version)  
8. Big Sun Falling In The River (Acoustic Demo Version)  
9. Stumble On (Acoustic Demo Version)  
10. Sidney Wells (Acoustic Demo Version)  
11. A Brother Slips Away (Acoustic Demo Version)  
12. Bad Again (Acoustic Demo Version)  
13. If Love Whispers Your Name (Acoustic Demo Version 

Dream Attic heralds the return of Richard Thompson, one of the most distinguished guitarists and songwriters of our time, with a magnificent collection of 13 new songs. 

Penned during a short and inspired burst of creative outpouring, the songs were performed during a West Coast tour in February 2010 and the bulk of the performances that made the album come from three shows at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco. "I don't think musicians playing on their own are particularly interesting, it's only when they play in front of an audience that something interesting happens" said Thompson in an interview at one of the shows. 

The album opens explosively with "The Money Shuffle", which Thompson says is "dedicated to our good friends on Wall Street who did such a fine job lately...it's just a mild satire". The resulting take is the antithesis of mild, building towards an absolutely scalding guitar solo. From this bracing start, the sequence rolls through traditionally rooted balladry ("Among the Gorse, Among the Grey", an intriguing, sharply-drawn character study ("Here Comes Geordie), image-filled observations ("Burning Man") and recollections of bygone eras ("Demons in Her Dancing Shoes"). "Sidney Wells" is a traditional murder ballad in modern dress, "Crimescene" is a raging reaction to the inexorable aging process. "A Brother Slips Away" is a moving elegy to friends the 61-year-old Thompson has lost within the last year and "Big Sun Falling in the River" is a bouyantly Beatlesque instant classic. 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
  
