This is a SAFE source 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0450405/

Darren Shan is a regular teenage kid. He and his friend Steve find out about a Freak Show coming to town and work hard at trying to find tickets. They do, and together they go to "Cirque du Freak" where they see many strange acts including a wolf-man and a bearded lady. Steve and Darren think that it is all a joke until a vampire, Larten Crepsley comes on with a very poisonous spider that he makes do tricks. When Steve sees this man he freaks out a bit but won't tell Darren why. After the show, Steve tells Darren to go home, and that he will follow later. Darren says yes, but instead sneaks upstairs to see what Steve is up to. He sees Steve talking to Mr. Crepsley and overhears their conversation. Steve tells Mr. Crepsley that he knows that his real name is Vur Horston and is a Vampire. He tells Larten that he would like to join him and become an apprentice. Mr Crepsley says he must test Steve before he agrees, and when he does he reveals that Steve has "bad blood" and he will not transform him. Steve becomes angry but Darren leaves the theater and doesn't see what happen next. Darren goes home and thinks about what Steve did, but also cannot stop thinking about Mr. Crepsley's Spider. The next day he steals the spider with the hopes that he will be able to make it perform tricks too. Meanwhile, Steve is acting as if nothing happened. Darren manages to train the spider by using a flute to hypnotize it (what Larten did). Darren invites Steve over to show him the spider, but when Darren is making it perform tricks on Steve, Darren's sister comes in and breaks the noise, and thus causes the spider to bite Steve. Steve becomes very ill, and is rushed to the hospital where the doctors say that there is nothing they can do. Darren decides to see Mr. Crepsley about the possibility of an antidote. The vampire agrees to give him the only cure if Darren agrees to become his assistant, and half vampire. He does. Steve gets better but starts to realize that Darren is now part vampire and becomes angry, jealous and betrayed. Larten stages Darren's death and Darren is buried. Mr. Crepsley comes to dig up Darren and leave. He does and gives Darren a moment to say goodbye to his hometown. Then Steve shows up and tells Darren about all he knows. He says that Darren and Mr. Crepsley were planning the betrayal all along and that Steve doesn't really have bad blood, which Darren knows is not true. He tries to explain about the spider, but Steve cuts a small cross into the flesh of his left palm and swears on his blood that he will kill Darren and his mentor Mr. Crepsley. Darren shakes off the warning and leaves with Mr. Crepsley. It is rumored that the film will be based on the first three books, if this is true then we will see Darren's reluctance to accept his life as a vampire and meet the character Sam. On top of this, he will have his first run in with the vampenezee a race of creatures who kill to eat unlike the vampires.

It is important to note that, in this story, vampires are not evil creatures. They never kill when they feed, do not bit in order to transform others, and do not have an evil purpose in life.

And, just so you know, the vampires in this movies aren't fanged creatures who cant go into the light, or who can turn into bats, or anything like that stereo-type crap. It is more realistic. Like how they don't live forever, they just age real slowly. They don't suck blood through their teeth, they cut open a vein, suck a bit of blood then heal the wound with their spit. They can go into sunlight but not forever because they can get burnt real easily.

Also note that if the film is the content of the first three books it may be created as a stand alone movie, however there could be up to three sequels as the saga consisted of twelve books split into 4 trilogies, they could all easily be put into 4 films of the separate trilogies and flow well together

This Synopsis is based solely on my remembrance of the book--Feel free to edit!!