The complete series of Black Lagoon (eps. #1 - 24).

Video: 720x400 - 16/9, H.264, MKV, 23.976 fps
Audio: MP3 @ 192 kbps / 2CH Stereo
Languages: English & Japanese
Subtitles: Songs & Signs / English



Okajima Rokuro is a Japanese businessman… in a town full of Japanese businessmen...

Volume #1 (Eps #1-4)

Rokuro Okajima is a meek, mundane and metropolitan man on a business trip to South East Asia. But things quickly go from pleasure cruise to festival of pain when modern day pirates board the ship and take him hostage! Revy, Dutch and Benny are merciless, maniacal and mean and together, they make up the crew of the Black Lagoon. A mercenary group has hired them to steal a data disc Rokuro was carrying and with it, classified information that threatens the peace and security of the entire world!



Volume #2 (Eps #5-8)

The Black Lagoon Company gets into a brutal head-to-head battle with a bunch of neo-nazi freaks after the same sunken booty. Revy and Dutch blaze a trail full of blood and bullets in an attempt to get back their bounty and make an exit in style. The tension between Rock and Revy builds up to such extreme levels that an easy day of running errands has almost fatal consequences! Will they kiss and make up or will Rock get a bullet in the head?



Volume #3 (Eps #9-12)

Dirty jobs are a part of life for the Black Lagoon, but things seem to be getting worse by the minute. Their latest problem is a maid from Columbia. She's a killing machine out to rescue Garcia from the clutches of the Black Lagoon and will kill anyone who gets in her way. As if that wasn't enough, international terrorists make their move and set the scene for a showdown with the Hong Kong Triad, the C.I.A. and the Black Lagoon smack dab in the middle! Can Rock count on his new family to pull him out of a pinch or will he be left to rot?



Black Lagoon Continues in Season 2!

Volume #1 (Eps #13 - 16)

A recent string of murders is the talk of the town. Not that murder is anything unusual, but the twin killers are targeting Hotel Moscow! The delicate balance of power held by the mafia leaders crumbles as the sickening slaughter escalates into a full-blown war of attrition. No quarter is given and none asked for as Balalaika and her soldiers are forced to recall a time when their deadliest enemies were children.



Volume #2 (Eps #17 - 20)

What's better than earning money? Making it! Revy teams up with sister Eda to save a brilliant counterfeiter from getting wasted. Of course they care less about her and more about the money they stand to gain for getting her to safety! Later, Rock makes a return trip to Japan with Revy as his escort and bodyguard. Japan hasn't changed but Rock is fundamentally different after a year aboard the Black Lagoon.



Volume #3 (Eps #21 - 24)

Rock makes his decision to help a young Yakuza boss named Yukio and Revy uncharacteristically decides to help him. They team up with Yukio's right-hand man for a bloodbath to end all bloodbaths, but that's just the beginning of the battle. In the heat of the moment, they almost forgot that Balalaika and Hotel Moscow wants in on the game and the results are deadly.


