                        Ü                             Ü
       Ü²Ü              ß²ß                           ß²ß              Ü²Ü
     Ü²²ÛÛÛÜ ßßÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÛßßß                             ßßßÛÜÜ ÜÜÜÜßß ÜÛÛÛ²²Ü
    ßß²²ÛÜßßÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛ           RELEASE NOTES           ÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛßßÜÛ²²ßß
        ß²ÛÜ  ÜÛÜ    ßÛÜÜ                               ÜÜÛß    ÜÛÜ  ÜÛ²ß
      Ü  Þ²ÛÝ  ß                                                 ß  ÞÛ²Ý  Ü
    Ü²²ÜÜÛÛß                                                         ßÛÛÜÜ²²Ü
     ßß                                                                   ßß

        Deploy updates automatically

        If you're a software developer or an IT professional, you know
        how beneficial it is to keep your users updated with the very
        latest versions of your programs. 

        Not only do you get to sell more upgrades, but your support costs
        are dramatically lower when everyone is using the latest versions
        of your application. 


        AutoUpdate+ lets you:

        · Have your programs automatically check your server for
          available upgrades to your application. 
        · Save yourself time and trouble by not having to inform your
          users by email of new program versions. 
        · Configure your updates to work the way you want them to,
          without spending your valuable resources writing an updating
          system. 


        Vista support? Take a look at five reasons why AutoUpdate+ is
        essential for you.

          1) Admin account not required!

                · All our competitors offer an update solution that
                  requires users to be logged in with an administrator
                  account. This means that many Windows 2000 and XP users
                  cannot update, as they will not have the appropriate
                  permissions. It's a more serious problem with Vista,
                  which does not allow any users to run by default as
                  admin. AutoUpdate+ is the only tool that can work on
                  Vista, without requiring administrator logon and
                  without excessive security warnings. 

          2) Complete flexibility and control

                · All update behaviors are defined remotely. We offer
                  features such as silent updates, messages that are
                  defined per update, ability to update the registry and
                  execute supporting files and a script that is human
                  readable and easy to integrate with your backend server
                  logic. 

          3) Flexible delivery mechanism

                · You can use either an http, https, ftp or file server
                  for your updates. Backup servers are also supported. 

          4) No expertise needed

                · AutoUpdate+ does not require any user scripting,
                  unusual installation steps or bundling with large
                  framework packages (such as .NET). The product works
                  right out of the box. 

          5) Excellent support services

                · We are looking forward to deploying AutoUpdate+ with
                  your product. To assist, we offer a support capability
                  which is second-to-none.


        Updates on Vista

        Below is a list of 5 common Vista problems that update packages
        encounter. Each problem will either generate security warnings or
        force your app to launch only with admin credentials: 


        Access permissions:

        · The Program Files directory and HKLM are strictly off-limits
          and require privilege elevation to modify. 

        Detection heuristics:

        · Various heuristics, such the import table of your executable,
          are used by Vista to know if to launch your app under admin
          credentials. This can cause problems if the update check is
          built into your app. 

        Keywords in use:

        · Files with the words setup, install or update will require
          admin credentials to run. Be careful not to use the word update
          anywhere in the file name or properties, or your app will
          trigger Vista security warnings. 

        File APIs:

        · Programmers can still use the standard file manipulation APIs,
          but be careful... permission failures may not be detected due
          to File Virtualization automatically redirecting you to a
          per-user copy of the file. 

        Service interaction:

        · The 'allow service to interact with desktop' option is no
          longer acceptable. If you have written an Update Service, it
          must not have any user interaction that requires a GUI. 


        Product Highlights:

        · Hover over feature item to get more information...
        · No need for admin accounts 
        · Works with any tool from C++ to Delphi, VB and .NET 
        · Highly flexible and configurable 
        · Secure deployment 
        · Conserve bandwidth 
        · Silent updates 


        Feature list

        AutoUpdate+ is the most feature rich and flexible automatic
        update tool on the market. Hover over the feature item below for
        a more detailed explanation.

        Reliability

        · No need for admin accounts 
        · Works with any tool from C++ to Delphi, VB and .NET 
        · All proxies supported 

        Security

        · Secure deployment 
        · Servers with credentials requirement 

        Flexibility

        · Highly flexible and configurable 
        · Silent updates 
        · Conserve bandwidth 

        Multilingual

        · Languages 

        Support

        · 24*7 rapid response support



        For More Info On AutoUpdate Plus Visit:
        http://www.autoupdateplus.com/



                      

                         Ü                             Ü
       Ü²Ü              ß²ß                           ß²ß              Ü²Ü
     Ü²²ÛÛÛÜ ßßÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÛßßß                             ßßßÛÜÜ ÜÜÜÜßß ÜÛÛÛ²²Ü
    ßß²²ÛÜßßÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛ         INSTALLATION NOTES        ÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛßßÜÛ²²ßß
        ß²ÛÜ  ÜÛÜ    ßÛÜÜ                               ÜÜÛß    ÜÛÜ  ÜÛ²ß
      Ü  Þ²ÛÝ  ß                                                 ß  ÞÛ²Ý  Ü
    Ü²²ÜÜÛÛß                                                         ßÛÛÜÜ²²Ü
     ßß                                                                   ßß

        Install AutoUpdatePlus.exe.  Launch AutoUpdate Plus once and then
        close application, this will bypass server check on first launch
        and thus remove the need to patch for server check.  Now use our
        keymaker to make yourself a valid serial, its automatically
        imported to registry.

        Thats it!  Enjoy.

            ÜÛ²²Ü                   Ü       Ü                   Ü²²ÛÜ
           ß  Þ²²Ý        Ü²²ßÛßßß ß²ß     ßÛß ßßßÛß²²Ü        Þ²²Ý  ß
         ÜÜÜÜÜ²²ß   Ü    Þ²²ÝÞÝ                   ÞÝÞ²²Ý    Ü   ß²²ÜÜÜÜÜ
      ÜÛÛÛÛ²²²ß   ÜÛ²²Ü   ßÛ²ÜÛÜ  T E   2 0 0 8  ÜÛÜ²Ûß   Ü²²ÛÜ   ß²²²ÛÛÛÛÜ
     ²ÛÛßÜ²ß ±   ßÛ²²²²²ÜÜ  ßÛÛÛÛÜ             ÜÛÛÛÛß  ÜÜ²²²²²Ûß   ± ß²ÜßÛÛ²
    ÞÛÛÝ°²Ý  °    ÞÛ²Ý ßßÛÛ²ÜÜßßÛÛ²           ²ÛÛßßÜÜ²ÛÛßß Þ²ÛÝ    °  Þ²°ÞÛÛÝ
     ßÛÛÜß²Ü     ÜÛ²²      ßßÛÛ²ÜÛÛ²  ascii  ²ÛÛÜ²ÛÛßß      ²²ÛÜ     Ü²ßÜÛÛß
       ßß²²ÛÛÛÜÜÛ²²ß  °°±±²²ÛÜÛÛÛÛ²²  by mx  ²²ÛÛÛÛÜÛ²²±±°°  ß²²ÛÜÜÛÛÛ²²ßß
            ßßßßß          Ü   ß   ±         ±   ß  Ü           ßßßßß
                    ²ßßßßßßß ßßßßß ° ßßßßßßß ° ßßßßßßß ßßßßß²
                    Ü Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code ß°
                   ß²ÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ²ß
                              Ü   ß²
                                   °     ß
