Im happy to say that we accomplished many completions on the re-launch
of a consolidated "Fawlty Towers" complete collection quite literally "overnight".
We hope for your continued seeding support as the torrent launch was an
instant success from all accounts.

With respect to our re-launches of complete series offerings, please note
that if you've previously downloaded these as individual episodes/volumes
from our past torrent postings, You should consult someone if you need to
learn how to slip those folders into this torrent to help seed, (after you
get anything more that you might have previously missed downloaded), so you
havent wasted a thing! In which case you'd need to use the torrent -recheck
facility in your software to verify anything thats missing for you to
begin to seed. ta!!

Same goes for our re-launches of our best movie successes of the past,
as in many cases we've only added a folder with an image of the DVD jacket, etc
We have however made them all multi-tracker enabled in our re-launch program.


"Yes Minister" is the best of comedy that there is to be found - British!
It ranks with "Fawlty Towers" in its popularity among many if not most
and is bloody great entertainment for which there can be no acceptable
substitute of resempling quality.

This entire collection of ALL Yes Minister episodes from the complete
DVD collection is in efficient DivX format to save downloading time and bother.
Great picture and sound, and you could even downlod yourselves a software
converter (if needed) for your video ipod, perhaps! "Yes Prime Minister" was also
re-launched as a complete collection and is adequately seeding, less than a
full day later! We thought we'd start with that series for those that only want 
one series collection rather than both, from this related titles. Maigret will
follow soon.

Pick and choose from the episodes on the torrent file, or go for all
at once, its all the same (you can simply activate one episode at a time
while going for the whole nine yards). Thanks for seeding to everyone
thats wanting to be intitiated or to enjoy this whenever they wish!! ta!!

Michael Rizzo Chessman
Reviews: moviesbyrizzo.info

Optional Note: This is a multi-tracker torrent
If you use utorrent software, simply highlight the mounted torrent, then
click on "trackers" in your software, next, right click on the tracker that
is showing, and select "add tracker" You should then then see all the trackers
that are alreay included atthe outset. Place a space (blank line) between each
tracker showing, then click "ok" Your trackers will now show status and update
more easily when required (if desired, right click manually, on a selected
tracker or on DHT and select "update" for a better read).

PS If you enable "show alternating background color" in your preferences
menu for "UI settings", you'll find your screen easier on the eye and more
pleasing to read. Enjoy!