 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Special Announcement -- Special Announcement -- Special Announcement -- Special Announcement -- Special Announcement

WORLD PREMIERE SHOWING Download --  Brain-O  -- at  This is a 2 hour and 23 minute movie. One of The Topics will be Satan in The Hollywood Animation Field. Disney, Simpsons, etc.

POtHS - WORLD PREMIERE - * Free High Speed Download


POtHS -- Picking Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out True Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out The Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of The Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only The Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only The Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our Treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over The Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our Treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over The Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On The Heavenly Skies -- POtHS


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at

This is a Free HIGH SPEED Download.


POtHS - Bible Study - Part 20 - Bill Salus - Isralestine - 2010



Isralestine - Bill Salus (2010)

Many Christians believe Christ must return before Israel expands territorially; however, the upcoming Psalm 83 and Ezekiel 38 & 39 Israeli war prophecies tell the opposite story!

Genesis 12:2 declares God intends to make Israel a mighty, marvelous, powerful, exceedingly prominent, and prosperous nation. Additionally, Genesis 15:18 informs us that God gave the Jews land between Egypt and Iraq. Is Israel soon to capture sizeable portions of it?

In this brand new 2-part DVD from Isralestine author Bill Salus, you will find out that phase one of GOD↓S GREATER ISRAEL began with the rebirth of the Jewish State in 1948. Phase two occurred in the aftermath of the Arab - Israeli Six Day War in 1967. Furthermore, phases three and four will be finalized after the Psalm 83 and Ezekiel 38 & 39 wars. Lastly, the fifth and final phase occurs when Jesus returns.

The unsaved world is about to receive the shock of a Millennia: Israel is close to repelling a coordinated attack from her Islamic neighbors, and she will repel this attack so vigorously that the IDF will expand its control over all the lands God promised Israel -- the very ancient Greater Israel prophecies

These are the world changing events that will occur in the aftermath of the Psalm 83 Arab - Israeli War prophecy. On the nearby horizon looms a massive Arab confederacy foretold to form in order to destroy the tiny Jewish State, but to the bewilderment of the international community Israel wins. In victory Israel enlarges it borders, exploits Arab oil resources, and becomes one of the wealthiest nations in the world. Furthermore terrorism ceases to exist, Islam is dramatically diminished, America prospers, Jordan surrenders to Israeli sovereignty, Damascus is destroyed, and then Russia and Iran turn their sites against a Greater Israel.

DivX 40 Mins Each 720 x 540 29 Fps 1800 Kbps






type POtHS in your search window for more info, or just Google POtHS



RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




           thankyou            thankyou            thankyou 