Bam Margera's: Where The Fuck Is Santa


MOVIE REVIEW-

Tired of sappy holiday movies that leave you warm-hearted and full of holiday joy?  If you are, then I might have the holiday-themed film for you.  I’m not sure if the stamp of quality in a film is the pre-credit adult content warning label that kicks off Bam Margera’s Where the Fuck is Santa?, but it sure enough helps get the adrenaline running.  The film’s premise is simple enough: Bam is bored and wants to get his wife, Missy Margera, something she doesn’t already have for Christmas and that gift is Santa Claus himself.  Of course, they have to travel to Finland to do so because Bam is convinced that Santa lives in Lapland, Finland and not the North Pole.  

 
"Bam Margera Presents: Where the #$&% is Santa?
 
 
 
In the first twenty minutes of the movie, Bam trashes his home with purchased snow and flour bags and then drops the biggest Christmas Tree he can find on Novak’s new car - and that‘s only the beginning of Bam‘s, as Ape Margera says, Bam‘s “ding-ding Holiday film.”  The film continues its onslaught against holiday traditions as Bam decorates the front of his house with nude placards before his trip to Finland.

The film has its moments, especially when the gang meets up with HIM in Helsinki, and Bam asks Villie Valo (the lead singer and friend) to draw a map to Santa on his friend’s belly with a black marker….which is then made permanent (a couple of hours later) with a tattoo by one of Helsinki’s famous tattoo artists on a rooftop with the entire gang singing Silent Night to quiet the drunken screams of their friend.  While not saying much about the quality of the film, this scene is one of its highlights.

The film starts to slow because of the repetition of the pranks the gang pulls against each other and then, lo and behold, The Dudesons, wearing Santa outfits, show up.  Keep in mind, The Dudesons were the inspiration for Jackass and all the other Bam Margera TV shows.  They are the originals and it shows; there are no scruples and no judgment calls as their pranks go to the extreme with all that they do and say.  The group then meets up with Hanoi Rocks, another famous band in Finland, and get more information about Santa’s whereabouts and this is the rest of the movie: pranks against Novak, bands, the belly map, and more pranks.  

The film is fun and wild and gratuitous, but completely unnecessary.  If you are a fan of Bam Margera’s, you might laugh at this, but it’s certainly not guaranteed.  I did chuckle a couple of times, but no gut busting laughter from me for this outing.



KEEP SEEDING... 


                                                                   UN1TEDK1LLER