File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This videos has no logos or titles.


"Beautiful" is a song written and produced by Linda Perry and recorded by American singer-songwriter Christina Aguilera for her second studio album, Stripped (2002). It is a cello-driven, classically-flavored ballad in which its protagonist deals with hurtful statements made against her that cause her to feel insecure and have low self-esteem. She does not let other people's negativity get the best of her. It was released as the album's second single in late 2002 and reached number one in several countries. The song received the award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2004 Grammy Awards.

The song's music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund. The video opens with Aguilera speaking the line "Don't look at me", followed by scenes of her singing alone in a room intercut with self image-related sequences of other people. An underweight girl examines herself in a mirror, eventually punching through it; a thin boy stands lifting weights in a room plastered with images of bodybuilders; and a girl rips out pages of women's magazines and throws them into a fire. In one sequence, a girl is bullied by several peers, and in another, a goth with piercings sits at the back of a bus while several people get up and move. The video also touches on LGBT issues. One scene features a gay couple, portrayed by Jordan Shannon and Justin Croft, kissing on a bench and ignoring the stares of people who pass them. Another scene shows a drag queen, played by Robert Sherman, putting on makeup, a wig, and women's clothing.

The music video was successful on video chart programs. It debuted on MTV's Total Request Live on December 9, 2002 at number two. It was unable to reach the top of the countdown but remained on it for fifty days and retired at number six on February 25, 2003. The video topped MuchMusic's Countdown for two consecutive weeks and remained on the countdown for fifteen weeks. The video received a Special Recognition award, presented by David LaChapelle, from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation at its 14th annual media awards. After an a cappella performance of the song, Aguilera stated in her acceptance speech that "this song is definitely a universal message that everybody can relate to - anyone that's been discriminated against or unaccepted, unappreciated or disrespected just because of who you are."

The video became an instant hit on MTV and other music video channels.

Perry had written "Beautiful" long before she let anyone hear it. She considered the song very dear and personal to her and was insecure about sharing it with anyone else. At first she had let Pink hear "Beautiful" before anyone else during their Missundaztood sessions. Pink was so impressed with the song that she had asked Perry if she could record it for her album, but Perry declined, feeling that she wanted to save it for her own singing career. A few months later, while Aguilera and Perry were recording for the Stripped session, Perry also let Aguilera listen to the song. Aguilera also very much liked the song that while Perry was playing the piano for it, Aguilera took over the vocals for the song. After that, Aguilera told Perry that she needed this song on her album. Perry was both impressed by Aguilera and confused, because even though she was blown away by her rendition of the song, she still did not want to give it up. After Aguilera continued lobbying for the song, Perry was finally convinced that Aguilera matched the song perfectly and handed it over to her.

The song was recorded in a single take. Aguilera reportedly expressed concerns that she had hit some notes too flat and some too sharp, but Perry insisted that she leave them in.

Some instruments used in this song include the cello, piano, violin and drums.

As with "Genie in a Bottle", which was re-recorded as "Genie 2.0" and performed at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, Aguilera has re-recorded "Beautiful" in an electronic style for inclusion alongside the original version on her greatest hits album Keeps Gettin' Better - A Decade of Hits with the name "You Are What You Are (Beautiful)". The song became a massive success, becoming Aguilera's fifth number one single worldwide, and her fifth Top 10 hit in America. In addition, the song topped over 20 charts worldwide. Aguilera performed "Beautiful" on various TV shows and on the Back to Basics Tour. In America, the single was viewed as a comeback single, due to the slight underperformance of her previous single, Dirrty, on the American charts,both released on a 12" format.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

