Description.

Barely Legal Babysitters 2 DVDRIP XviD.avi

Resolution: 624x352

Bit Rate: 118 Kbps

Duration: 02:07:58

CD-1.avi 699.61 MB

CD-2.avi 697.04 MB

Overall Size: 1.37 GB 

Screens:

 
http://bayimg.com/pApeDaACA


Director: Will Ryder

Release Date: April 6, 2010

Cast: Ally Ann, Amia Moretti, Chastity Lynn, 
Kaitlin Rush, Kita Zen, Brad Hardy, Dino Bravo, 
Eric Swiss, Johnny Nitro, Scott Lyons & Todd Driller.

Barely Legal Teen Babysitters is a great combination 
of girls in various babysitting situations that turns 
in to very hot sex. Some are seduced and others are 
doing the seducing. Either way you will see babysitters 
we only dream of having watch our kids. Built into the 
front of each scene you will see some of Will Ryder's 
great creativity and camera work giving you very 
delicious scenes with each girl who will seduce and 
entice you directly. Will Ryder not only catches this 
beautifully on camera, but adds a flowing motion that 
makes it even more sexy. You will see great scenes 
caught on camera that will keep a constant rise in your 
Levis. Better grab the lube and tissues before you even 
hit the play button.


Ally's pre-scene segments starts off with some very 
seductive poses, nice stripping and fingering herself. 
Her scene is where the father has hired her to babysit, 
because he was going out to throw his wife a surprise 
anniversary party. When he informs Ally he has a hour 
to kill, she takes advantage of it, by letting him know 
how older men turns her on. As the father is somewhat 
nervous and hesitate, he quickly surrenders to Ally's 
seduction and hell who wouldn't. I would have jump at 
a romp with her in a heartbeat. One thing I like in 
Ally's scenes is that what ever position she is in, 
she is always sure to get them legs wide open as she 
can, inviting you to join in. You get some great views 
of her spread open pussy and ass in this scene and Will 
Ryder is always for certain to give you some of the 
greatest shots and close up that are possible. If you 
love great ass spread wide open shots and seeing a sweet 
asshole, well Ally's is sweet and the shots are fantastic. 
I always love watching Ally as she plays with her pussy 
while being fucked and she does it so aggressively. 
She is great in all positions and hits them all with 
excitement. Her scene wraps ups with a great cum shot 
in the mouth and at one point even does a cute little 
gag cause some hit the back of her throat. She sucks 
up all that is left and drips some of the cum out onto 
her chin and teasingly plays with it. 
A dynamite scene by a real sweetheart.


Chastity, who with her adorable face, cute smile and hot 
little body is nothing short of America's Sweetheart we 
would all love to fuck. Her pre-scene is where we get a 
tease of her sweet titties, fucking great nipples, spread 
open outtie pussy lips and lovable ass. What more could 
you ask for? I would fill all my needs for certain. 
Chastity is babysitting when one of the neighbors stops 
in to see the parents. As Chastity informs him the are 
not at home, he gets one good look at her and makes himself 
very comfortable. As he starts to get cozy with her, she 
is hesitant and pushes him away. When he informs her that 
he would pay her allot more than what sitting does, well 
move over, cause here she comes. Lots of great oral begins 
both ways and Chastity gets lots of ass licking and tongue 
fucking in the ass, which she shows enjoyment in receiving. 
One point on all four with her ass arched up high as she 
can while getting tongue fucked in her ass, she turns 
to him and says "Does my little asshole taste good", 
I'll bet it taste sweet as can be Chastity. She slams hard 
when she rides cowgirl and watching her perky titties with 
her hard nipples bounce up and down is a pleasant sight 
to see. Lots of great shots in this scene you won't want 
to miss. When she gets on her knees to take his load and 
yells, "Give it to me, give me your cum" I sure did and I 
know you will too. Chastity then sucks it dry and plays 
with it so well.


This is the first time I have seen Kita Zen and what 
a beauty she is. Her seduction segment starting the 
scene off was excellent and very teasing, making you 
crave for more. As her scene began we find that she 
is a live in nanny for a guy and of course sex comes 
with he job, Hey Kita, I need a live in nanny, you 
looking for a new place to work? As he was planning a 
night out with the guys, she puts her sexual powers 
into play to keep him home. Kita has some very cute 
tiny boobies and some ever so sweet tiny button nipples 
that you just want to kiss, suck and nibble on forever. 
Being a tiny girl all her features are on the very petite 
side, from her ass too her mouth and when she takes a 
cock in her mouth she just lip locks onto it with her 
small opening. Watching her fuck was fantastic and with 
her tiny body, you'll see how her partner can maneuver 
her very well. Watching him fucking her missionary, then 
reaching under her, picking her up and spinning her 
around into cowgirl position with never slipping out of 
her had me screaming, "I wanna try". Kita is want you 
call a sweet little spinner to fuck and that segment 
showed it so well. You'll see lots of great ass licking 
and finger fucking in her ass taking two fingers deep 
inside at once. There are some great, crisp close ups by 
Will Ryder of her spreading open her cute little outie 
pussy lips and showing that tasty light pink inside. All 
of this fantastic sex came out of the most innocent pair 
of pink panties with colored hearts she was wearing 
when the scene opened and I'll bet those panties smell 
as sweet as her. Kita takes a nice facial and mouthful 
of cum at the end that she so innocently plays with 
and licks her fingers. Hope to see more of this cutie. 
I got extra lube and tissues Kita just waiting for you 
sweetie.


Watching Amia's seduction opening is very tantalizing 
and she does a great job doing it. Here in her scene 
she is applying for a babysitting job and when asked 
what other qualifications she has, well she takes charge 
and shows him. Amia gets some great oral performed on her 
and watching her get finger fucked and having her pussy 
lips pulled with her partners mouth is a nut buster all 
in its own. As she arches up with that cute, tiny little 
ass of hers while in doggie style position, the great close 
ups are a lovely sight to behold. When Amia sucks cock she 
takes charge with both her mouth, hands and uses lots of 
spit and some deep throating that will certainly bust any 
guys nut. When she mounts up cowgirl, the picture is so up 
close it feels as if you are the one going inside her. When 
Amia rides she rides and you get some nice views of her ass 
spread and bouncing against her partner. Her facial 
expressions and moans when she fucks are great and enhances 
her scene greatly. She is so good in every position, I wouldn't 
even know where to start. She wraps up by sticking her 
tongue out with the cutest smile and having a load laid 
right onto it. Of course she does a great job sucking and 
licking it dry. A very good nut buster scene. 



Kaitlin has a great outdoors opening segment with some 
excellent slow motion shots built in. When the scene opens 
we find her on the phone with her boyfriend telling him she 
is afraid and if he comes over to stay with her she promises 
to fuck him. Well, hell, of course he heads over right away. 
Kaitlin gives some great head, but when the fucking starts 
is when she turns loose. There is lots of fantastic yelling, 
moaning and hot nipple pulling that puts her into shear 
pleasure. When Kaitlin is being fucked doggie style, I love 
the way she turns her head and looks at him with that OMG, 
fuck me harder look that would make any guy explode. 
It sure did me. As in all the scenes Will Ryder again uses 
the camera so well getting all the action and giving some 
great shots and close ups as she fucks cowgirl and reverse 
cowgirl. You will get one hell of a fuck out of her in this 
entire scene. Kaitlin takes the shot into her mouth and every 
so sexy licks her fingers clean.


When you bring a cast of porn sweethearts together into one DVD 
and incorporate a great director like Will Ryder you know from 
the start even before you put the DVD in the player that it will 
be one you will immensely enjoy from beginning to end. So many 
times we miss bits and pieces of a girls performance or never 
get a super great closeup of her assets. Will Ryder never misses 
a second of anything that he directs and shoots. He always brings 
you his creative style with the camera as he did in this shoot. 
You will especially enjoy in the opening seduction segments of 
each scene. You get angles and close ups like no other and best 
of all they are super crisp and clear as real life. Combining all 
these girls together with Will Ryder not only gives you some great 
fucking, but fucking you will want to watch over and over. 
One thing I always enjoy with Will Ryder's work is his Behind 
The Scenes, bout the best in the industry and always a movie 
in itself. If you skip over the Behind The Scenes in this DVD 
you'll miss allot. Great job directing Will Ryder, but now 
who's going to pay for all this extra lube I had to buy to watch it. 



Enjoy.