The Earthsea Cycle by Ursula K. Le Guin

1. A Wizard of Earthsea 
Ged is a peasant boy from Gont with a gift of magic.  He goes to the School of Wizards on Roke Island.  
Attempting to prove his superiority with magic he recklessly brings forth a shadow being from the realm of the 
dead that he must confront. 
 
2. The Tombs of Atuan 
Ged is encountered years later in an dark, underground labyrinth by the young High Priestess Arha, also called 
Tenar.  She was taken from her family as a girl to become a priestess to the Nameless Ones.  Ged is a powerful 
wizard seeking the missing half of the Ring of Erreth-Akbe, on which is engraved the broken Rune of Peace.  
She makes him her prisoner, but sees that she is bound by meaningless ritual. 
 
3. The Farthest Shore 
Ged is the older experienced Archmage of Roke investigating with young prince Arren of Enlad a mysterious 
disappearing of magic.  Mages can no longer do spells.  They adventure far to the south, and are led to the 
dragons' islands in the west.  Ged closes the wound in the world, but it takes all his power to do so. 
 Magic on Earthsea uses the power of true names.  There is a balance between light and dark, male and female, 
and life and death.

4. Tehanu 
Years after the first three Earthsea books were published, Le Guin wrote a fourth Earthsea book, Tehanu: The 
Last Book of Earthsea.  It takes place immediately after events in The Farthest Shore, and features Tenar of the 
Tombs, her adopted daughter Therru, and Ged.  Tehanu revisits and redefines society depicted in the previous 
Earthsea books. 
 
5.The Other Wind 
A new Earthsea cycle novel first published in 2001.  The Other Wind involves mending the boundary between 
the living and the dead.  A humble sorcerer, Alder, makes a journey.  Ged, Tenar, and Tehanu are re-
encountered.  There's a confrontation with dragons.

Tales from Earthsea 
An Earthsea story collection first published in 2001.  Contains five stories, including "Dragonfly", first 
published in the anthology Legends (1998), which is the story of Dragonfly, also called Irian of Way, a girl with 
an unknown gift of power who travels to the School for Wizards on Roke to learn. 
 
Includes an unofficial guide to Earthsea.
To Light a Candle by Rizwan Virk.

Enjoy =]