Ashlynn Brooke - 3 videos



all 3 screens: 
http://www.cmylink.com/AshlynnBrooke3videos


100% FREE Ashlynn Brooke wallpapers: 
http://www.cmylink.com/AshlynnBrooke




Video #1: 
Ashlynn Brooke - scene 1 from "On the Road: South Beach 1" (2006)

Cast: Ashlynn Brooke, Mark Wood

Ashlynn Brooke is looking gorgeous as she gets fucked in her hotel room. The soft light from the Miami sun illuminates her perfect body and creamy smooth flesh as she gets her pussy stuffed from every position, then takes a wet and messy load of cum on her beautiful face.



Video #2: 
Ashlynn Brooke - scene 5 from "On the Road: South Beach 2" (2007)

Cast: Ashlynn Brooke, Michael Stefano, Mark Wood, Tiffani Thompson

Ashlynn Brooke and Tiffany, a couple of gals that had their own dynamics going on in terms of physical appeal, were in bikinis as they walked along the beach, going back to the room after some flashing on the practically deserted (and very windy) beach. This led to a scene with Mark Wood and Michael Stefano, with Ashlynn's curves more appealing to me this time. Both gals did a fair job of the blowjobs and screwing, the men providing enough meat pipe to satisfy them on the beds as Juan blathered on in his best impersonation of a cock blocker to home viewers. There were times when the action went from really heated to kind of mechanical but it was a pretty fair scene overall as they went at one another (with a cute nod to Brandon Iron by Juan near the end of the scene). It finished up with facials and some kissing by the gals, propping up the DVD enough with the last scene to keep the rating up enough to make it worth watching.



Video #3:
Ashlynn Brooke - Beach - Tugjobs ("My Favourite handjob")

Here's another hot TUGJOB for you guys. Her name is Ashlynn and she is petite and Sexy as Angel in the sky.. opps in the beach. Her hands were really soft, but her strokes were long and hard, I really enjoyed her touch. She had me so horny that, couldn't stop playing with her huge tits. The way this beautiful mami stroke my cock was fantastic feel her yourself. Flick for you viewing pleasure.


South Beach videos tech:

Video: XVID 512x384 30fps ~1500kbps
Duration: 0:30:47
Duration: 0:31:03
Audio: 128 kbps MP3


Tugjobs video tech:

Video: WMV3 640x480 30fps ~1050kbps
Duration: 00:10:33
Audio: WMA7



3,300+ torrents: 
(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens




