All 13 episodes (including the 3 after it was cancelled, in the order listed on Wikipedia). Good (at least TV) quality.  Enjoy!

01 	Mind Controlled Car
Our team of inventors attempts to prototype a car that utilizes biofeedback sensors to restrict a car's performance as its driver’s agitation level increases. Joe and Zoz will use cutting edge biofeedback and mind control technologies as the brains of the prototypes while Terry and Mike retrofit the test cars for an extreme test to prove the concept: a demolition derby where road rage is inevitable.

02 	Boxing robots 	
The prototype team looks into the future of gaming — and giant, boxing robots are what they see. Joe and Zoz utilize a technology called optical glyph tracking to allow the robots to register and mimic their human counterparts’ boxing movements, while Mike is charged with dressing the metallic skeletons and Terry with building the metal beasts themselves. And then it’s into the boxing ring for a metallic monster slugfest!

03 	Traffic Busting Truck 	
The boys take on the challenge of building a car that will beat traffic by rising up — and driving over it. And as an added bonus, the lift allows the vehicle to find parking like nothing else on wheels. The key to this build is a set of amazing wheels that can move in all directions without actually turning.

04 	Six-Legged All Terrain Vehicle 	
Inspired by the “legs” of an innovative robot called RHex, the prototypers decide to use this basic design with its synchronized alternating tripod gait and build it BIG! What first appears as a simple upscaling project becomes a real challenge when the team discovers that size can change everything.

05 	Backyard Waterslide Simulator 	
No water theme park is complete without a long run on a water slide, but what do you do when you don’t have the room in your backyard? Let the laws of physics give you a ride! In what may be their most massive build, the team puts together an amazing, fun-filled “slide-in-a-ring” and then turns on the hose for some aquatic fun.

06 	Firefighter Future Tech 	
The team tries to revolutionize firefighting equipment. As they learned, hauling the heavy fire equipment up flights of stairs leaves firefighters tired, and with less oxygen in their tank. One of their challenges was to build a "Stairbot" to carry the equipment, and then convert into a rescue seat. The second challenge the team faced was to design an ergonomical "PyroPack" that would give our flamebustin' heroes the chance to save even more lives.

07 	Get Up And Go 	
The team of engineers attempts to invent a space-age sleeping pod that gets you up, fed, showered, groomed, dressed, informed and out the door in a matter of minutes. Initial attempts to automate things like shaving and eating turn out to be either scary or messy, but some surprising breakthroughs pave the way for a triumphant public demonstration.

08 	Automated Pizza Delivery 	
The team attempts to build an automated pizza delivery robot and automated pizza delivery car (see: driverless car), but only after scary attempts with massive blimps.

09 	Wearable Airbag 	
The team attempts to invent a wearable airbag to protect construction workers in case they fall from high-rises.

10 	Virtual Sea Adventure 	
The team attempts to invent a telepresence deep sea diving experience.

11 	Flying Life Guard 	
The team tries to develop two flying-lifeguard systems to protect swimmers on unguarded beaches.

12 	Gecko Superhero Suit 	
The team attemps to invent two devices for humans to scale a smooth vertical surface and to scale a rough vertical surface like a gecko does, calling the human either "Geckoman" or "Geckowoman."

13 	Robo Dog Sitter 	
The team of inventors attempts to engineer the world's first robotic dog sitter. Designed to play with, let out and discipline your dog, the Robo Dog Sitter will also allow an owner at work to communicate with his dog via a monitor on the robot.