Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logo.


"Why Wait" is the title of a song written by Neil Thrasher, Tom Shapiro and Jimmy Yeary and recorded by country music band Rascal Flatts. It was released as the first single from their upcoming 7th studio album Nothing Like This, set for release on November 16, 2010. It is their first single released by Big Machine Records. It has debuted at #34 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts for the week of August 14, 2010.

The music video, directed by Billy Zabka, was shot around Las Vegas, Nevada. David Arquette plays the man in the video who proposes to his girlfriend. Rick Harrison of the History Channel original show Pawn Stars  makes a cameo appearance in the video when the Flatts and Arquette stop at the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop to buy an engagement ring. There are also cameos by Ron White and Penn Jillette.

Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song a four-out-of-five rating, saying the lyrics "may be 'cheesy' to some, but it fits right where we'd expect a Rascal Flatts song to go." Giving it a "thumbs up," Jim Malec of American Twang thought that it was a return in sound to the band's earlier albums, also praising the "great details and images" of the lyrics as well as Gary LeVox's vocals.

Rascal Flatts is an American country music band founded in Columbus, Ohio. Since its inception, Rascal Flatts has been composed of three members: Gary LeVox (lead vocals), Jay DeMarcus (bass guitar, keyboards/piano, vocals), and JoeDon Rooney (lead guitar, vocals). DeMarcus and LeVox are also second cousins.

Rascal Flatts has released six studio albums and a greatest hits album, all on Lyric Street Records. Their first two albums, 2000's Rascal Flatts and 2002's Melt, have been certified 2× Multi-Platinum and 3× Multi-Platinum, respectively, in the United States, while 2004's Feels Like Today and 2006's Me and My Gang have received 5× Multi-Platinum and 5× Multi-Platinum certifications respectively. 2007's Still Feels Good is certified 2× Multi-Platinum. Their new album, Unstoppable, was released on April 7, 2009, and has been certified platinum.

They have also released twenty-seven singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, including ten Number Ones. A cover of Tom Cochrane's "Life Is a Highway", from the soundtrack to the 2006 film Cars, also entered the country music charts from unsolicited airplay. Their longest-lasting Number One is "Bless the Broken Road" (late 2004–early 2005) at five weeks, while their biggest crossover single is "What Hurts the Most", which topped both the country and Adult Contemporary charts in 2006, and was a Top Ten pop hit.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/