Ripleys Game - (Ray Winstone - John Malkovich)(2002)[DvdRip-DivX-English]

Starring

Ray Winstone ... Reeves
John Malkovich ... Tom Ripley
Uwe Mansshardt ... Terry
Hanns Zischler ... Art Dealer
Paolo Paoloni ... Franco
Maurizio Lucà ... Franco's Assistant
Dougray Scott ... Jonathan Trevanny
Evelina Meghnagi... Maria
Chiara Caselli ... Luisa Harari
Lena Headey ... Sarah Trevanny
Sam Blitz ... Matthew Trevanny
Emidio La Vella ... Shoe Shop Owner (as Emidio Lavella)
Lutz Winde ... Ernst
Nikolaus Deutsch... Dr. Wentzel
Wilfried Zander ... Belinsky

General
Complete name : rg.divx
Format : AVI
Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
File size : 766 MiB
Duration : 1h 45mn
Overall bit rate : 1 012 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP : No
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Codec ID : DX50
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5
Duration : 1h 45mn
Bit rate : 874 Kbps
Width : 640 pixels
Height : 338 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 1.893
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.162
Stream size : 662 MiB (86%)
Title : Video
Writing library : DivX 2851

Audio
ID : 1
Format : MPEG Audio
Format version : Version 1
Format profile : Layer 3
Codec ID : 55
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Duration : 1h 45mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
Resolution : 16 bits
Stream size : 96.9 MiB (13%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
Title : Audio



IMDB Rating =

6.7/10

Plot

Tom Ripley - cool, urbane, wealthy, and murderous - lives in a villa in the Veneto with Luisa, his harpsichord-playing girlfriend. A former business associate from Berlin's underworld pays a call asking Ripley's help in killing a rival. Ripley - ever a student of human nature - initiates a game to turn a mild and innocent local picture framer into a hit man. The artisan, Jonathan Trevanny, who's dying of cancer, has a wife, young son, and little to leave them. If Ripley draws Jonathan into the game, can Ripley maintain control? Does it stop at one killing? What if Ripley develops a conscience? Luisa prepares for her concert.


Review From IMDB

This was good; a solid crime story. It's the "Tom Ripley" of "The Talented Mr. Ripley," but now older and being played by John Malkovich instead of Matt Damon. He's also, at least to me, a totally different character so this story stands on its own. There's no tie-in to that previous film

Malkovich plays his normal role, playing the kind of character he's good at playing: the smart, sarcastic and sadistic villain with the interesting vocabulary. In this story, he blends in with the locals as somewhat of a nondescript guy but inside he's a man with no conscience who is a killer. Late in the film, he admits and brags about having no conscience.

The plot in this movie revolves around Ripley having someone else do some of the latest killings for him, an "average Joe" that no one would suspect. That role is played by Dougray Scott, a young Englishman with a wife and young son, but a man who is dying of leukemia and could use a little extra money for his family when he's gone. That seems to be the lure when the evil Ripley and his partner give him the murder sales pitch. It takes some convincing, but "Jonathan Trevanny" eventually gives in to some persuasion, shall we say. Scott's reaction after the killing is very interesting...and he gets another assignment.

Ripley's partner "Reeves" also is an intriguing guy, played by Ray Winstone who also often portrays this time of character: a vicious, profane thug. If you saw "Sexy Beast," you'll know the type of guy Winstone plays here

Anyway,without giving the story away, suffice to say this wound up a pleasant surprise: great dialog, good photography and acting, some dark humor along with good suspense and just the right amount of action and lulls. It is heavy on the profanity, so beware of that.

This is a film one doesn't hear much about and is recommended for those who enjoy modern-day, tough crime films.