Eboy

S   K   i   D   R   O   W

-  T H E   L E A D i N G   F O R C E   -

proudly presents
Theatre of War 2 Kursk 1943 / Battlefront  1C Company

RELEASE DATE : 09-03-2010               PROTECTION : eLicense
GAME TYPE    : Strategy                 DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
Were a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We dont earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

If you think you got something to offer, then dont hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.


twice the fun   / double the trouble


On with the game release information:

Theatre of War 2: Kursk 1943 is a completely new game in the
Theatre of War series of tactical World War II titles. It does
not require any of the previous games to play!

The Battle of Kursk lasted for forty nine days, from July 5
until August 23, 1943 and has made its way into history as one
of the most crucial conflicts of WWII. It was the last armored
strategic offensive the Germans were able to mount in the
east. The resulting decisive Soviet victory gave the Red Army
the strategic initiative for the rest of the war.

Assuming the role of either the Russian or German battle group
commander, acting under direct orders of division commanders
Ivan Chistyakov or Walter Hoernlein, players will control
their troops in historical scenarios on precisely
reconstructed authentic battlefields.

Five days of July

In Theatre of War 2: Kursk 1943, you control the units of the
battle group belonging to German division Grossdeutschland or
the forces of the Soviet 67th Guards Rifle Division and 3rd
Mechanized Corps, which participated in the defensive stage of
the Kursk battle at the south face of the Kursk salient. There
are two campaigns  German and Soviet:

Fiery Salient  (forces of the Soviet 6th Guards and 1st Tank
Army, July 5-10, 1943)

Operation Citadel (German division Grossdeutschland
Kampfgruppe, July 5-10, 1943)

Each campaign consists of up to 9 major battles and puts you
in charge of a typical military unit from that period. Each
soldier is a unique personality with specific characteristics
and skills which can change during the campaign. Careful
planning and force selection are recommended before each
battle.

Take control over a powerful Soviet or German battle group in
one of the battles which changed the history of the war

Fully simulated visibility, ballistics and armor penetration
systems. All vital vehicle systems and crew members are
individually modeled

Two historical campaigns (up to 18 major engagements in total)
and an unlimited number of customizable missions waiting to be
created with a few mouse clicks using the built-in Mission
Generator

Sophisticated AI for both enemy and your own units

Over 60 Soviet, German and lend-leased US and British
player-controllable units (not counting various infantry
squads)

Unsurpassed management of your soldiers. You can assign,
promote and award up to several thousand soldiers with their
unique characteristics. You can even rename units for easier
recognition in the heat of battle;

Team multiplayer for up to 8 players (control of key points or
assault/defense) with reinforcements, artillery barrages and
air strikes

Tools for creating your own missions and maps (built-in
Mission Generator, wizard-like Simple Editor, full-blown
Mission Editor and 3D Map Editor).


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by [XXX]