Copied from Shark007 Homepage:


When dealing with codecs, more does not equal better.

Having the least amount on your system is the best configuration.

This is exactly what these packages will do for you.



You will no longer be restricted to using a specific player.

Windows Media Player and Media Center will be able to play all your files.


MKV playback is fully supported.

The Win7codecs package which I have created does not change or interfere with what Microsoft has going on concerning native codec support in Windows Media Player 12 and Media Center.
DXVA accelerated H264 playback is provided by the codec package for all other capable players.

The latest release contains a new Settings Application which enables the user to choose a different splitters 'on the fly' for specific filetypes.
The application will also allow you to choose from 10 different speaker configurations from 'same as input' and all the way up to full 7.1 channel output.

The Settings Application is 100% UAC compliant.
Restricted access is enforced. (User Account Control)
The Application allows each user to maintain individual settings while at the same time seamlessly integrating any administrative commands directly into the users account. New users accounts are detected upon opening the Application and automatically inherit the Administrators settings.

Codecs have been a problem for most users at one time or another.
This is because there has never been an 'out of the box' working solution that the average computer user could install and just have everything work properly from the beginning. There are several decent codec package solutions out there, but none of them did everything I wanted. I was always in need of a tweak, adjustment, or even a re-installation just to get the codecs I needed/wanted and most of the time, the file still didn't play properly.
I've never claimed to be a media guru.
My media experience prior to creating these packages was to double-click a file I downloaded and hope that it played.

The installer will automatically remove most other popular codec releases from your computer before installing this concise yet comprehensive package.
You won't need to make any adjustments or tweaks to enjoy your media content immediately. Windows Media Player and Media Center will instantly recognize all your files as playable. 

It does not contain a media player and it does not associate file-types.
With this package installed you will be able to use any media player, limited only by the players' capabilities, to play all movies and video clips.
Streaming video is supported in several formats in all popular web browsers.
Users of the Win7codecs have the ability to choose what is installed and where to install it using the public redistributable.
After installation you can select to remove specific portions without removing the entire package. You can also re-add the removed items at any time.

This package supports 20 localizations.
The default is English and the installer includes support for the following other languages; Arabic, Chinese Simplified/Traditional, Japanese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Polish, Swedish and Turkish. 


UNINSTALL YOUR OLD VERSION  - upgrades are enabled but not recommended


Changelog:


What's new in Win7codecs 1.2.3:


Update FFDShow to rev 3036

Update Gabests splitters to rev 1179

Updater Musepack support for SV8 streams

Add MediaInfo interface to the Settings Application

Allow the file renderer to open All Files

Disable installation onto unsupported systems


What's new in Win7codecs 1.2.2:


Remove Xiph Ogg Codecs

Improve support for older CPU's

Allow AC3Filter to be turned Off/On

Allow XviD decoder to be turned Off/On

Update Gabest splitters to 1168

Enable thumbnailing OGG/OGM

Add splitter selections for OGG/OGM


What's new in Win7codecs 1.2.1:


Improve DTS audio in ALL containers

Improve audio type detection

Allow Haali to be turned Off/On

Allow FFDShow to be turned Off/On

Update FFDShow to rev 3029

MANY changes to the Settings Application


What's new in Win7codecs 1.2.0:


Updates Gabests filters to 1164

Update FFDShow to rev 3020

Add codec testing tool to MISC TAB

Previous version MUST be uninstalled


What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.9:


Updates Gabests filters to 1161

Use stable revision of FFDShow

Fix DirectVobSub Styles conflict /x64


What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.8:


Add Arabic language support

Add Danish language support

Add icons for non-native filetypes

Use a stable revision of FFDShow

Updates Gabests filters to 1156

Settings Application bug fixes


What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.7.1 Final:


Create a 100% stable release

Revert FFDShow for stability

Update XviD to SVN 1.2.2

Update the settings application



What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.7:


Update ffdshow rev 2719

Update Gabest to rev 1004

Fix memory leak in DXVA codec

Minor changes to default settings



What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.6:


Fix explorer crash in Win7codecs 1.1.5

Update FFDShow to SVN rev 2975



What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.5:


Update Gabest SVN rev 1125

Update FFDShow to SVN rev 2972

Update XviD to SVN rev 1.3.0

Improve thumbnail support



What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.4:


Update Gabest rev 1111

Revert FFDShow to a stable version

Add new functionality to Settings App

Add filetype icons for WMP associations

Several improvements for the settings app



What's new in Win7codecs 1.1.3:


Update FFDShow rev 2943

Update Gabest rev 1101

Add new functions to Settings App

Implement filetype associations for WMP

Associations can be reverted to previous state



Comments from the uploader (olofolleola4):
This is a freeware codec package specially complied for Windows 7 :D