I invite you to learn the ancient Tao secrets of circulating the internal golden light (chi, or qi) up the spine and down the body's front channel. This famous "Embryonic Breathing" or "Micro-Cosmic orbit" meditation is mentioned in texts 2000 years old. It restores health to the body and soul by balancing our overall energy flow.

It also stops energy leaks from the body. It does all this by balancing all your meridians and energy centers into a single "wheel of chi" spiraling around your body. To use a yogic term, the orbit creates a single unified spinning chakra, Sanskrit for wheel. There are tremendous health benefits, and its lays the energetic foundation for true spiritual progress.

This method of circulating chi in the Micro-Cosmic orbit is so famous that many different techniques have been developed in China over the millennia to make it easier for the adept to develop this harmonious yin-yang chi flow. I give the ten major methods I have found, integrated into a single guided meditation. From this you can choose the technique(s) most suited to you and develop them further. I explain the deep relationship between the Orbit and the Taoist alchemy theory of how jing-chi-shen-wu (essence - energy - intelligence -openness) transmute into each other.

I also give an 11th method, a still quite secret neigong (internal meditative qigong) method from Wu Dang Mountain. Wudangshan is the mystical mountain in central China from which many martial and meditative Tao arts originate (made famous by the recent film, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon). This 11th method is particularly powerful at mixing the blood and chi within the Human body. (This method is not on the video, or in the ebook (apart from theory). It is only on the audio, as I have pledged to transmit the details of the practice orally. I offer a short practice adapted for modern people. The longer version is part of the “macrocosmic orbit” taught in Fusion of Five Elements 3.

The orbital flow of chi is the safest method to open your kundalini warm current and activate the healing power of the "inner elixir” - your own sexual and soul essence crystallized into a tangible form. Do not confuse this with yogic kundalini methods in India that activate only the spinal-fire channel, and sometimes lead to imbalances. The Tao process balances and harmonizes the seemingly polarized forces of Heaven and Earth, male and female, yang and yin, fire and water, and thereby creates a vessel for the hidden third force of the Tao, the Original Breath (yuan chi).

Read More...

Blood and chi are the fundamental yin-yang essences within humans that correspond to Earth and Heaven. When they are harmonized, our Original Self (Yuan Shen) can emerge from our deep subconscious and take substance. This is also the beginning of the True Inner Smile meditation, where your Inner Presence radiates effortlessly (wu wei), and your soul unfolds its chi spontaneously, and continuously!

This audio course also has verbal instructions that complement and deepen the video instructions for the movement portion of this training. The audio has questions and answers about practice and much greater depth of both theory and practice than the DVD. But the DVD allows you to visually capture the feeling of the five simple chi kung movements that will open chi flow in your orbit and give you many other healing benefits of China's "miracle exercise".

So I strongly recommend you get the package of audio + dvd. You will have the complete training and save a lot of money by getting the package. This custom chi kung form I developed after practice with many masters, adapting the best and most powerful movements I found and applying them to the particular process of opening chi flow in the orbit.

This powerful set of five qigong (chi kung) movements increases chi flow in the Governor (spine) and Conception (front) Vessels. Rhythmical body movement is particularly useful in dissolving unconscious energy blocks and to balance yin-yang flow in all meridians. This qigong (chi kung) form was developed over twenty five years of teaching students the microcosmic orbit. After chi kung practice, you simply relax, do nothing, and simply neutrally witness the flowing chi.

I developed this qigong (chi kung) form after observing that westerners have such powerful "monkey minds" that they use too much mental force. They over effort in meditating upon the pathways of the orbit. This is basically a reflection of the over-controlling nature of western minds. It creates frustration and sense of failure, for the chi would stop flowing in the orbit after they ceased their mental effort. Using chi kung movements to open the orbit BYPASSES the ego mind and its struggles. Body movement gets the chi flowing at a deeper level of substance (jing) than western type visualization by the mental body can achieve.

I love this qigong (chi kung) form. It will relax your body, keep the spine flexible, and develops healing hands. It marries the chi of Heaven and Earth. It opens the difficult front (chest) channel, where a lot of emotional chi gets stuck. It's easy to learn - you can feel the chi flow in a few minutes! I have many students who have been struggling for years to open the orbit unsuccessfully. When they relax their mind and let their body movements guide the chi, it then opens powerfully for them.

This day long workshop lays the foundation for learning Taoist sexual practices. It is a PRE-REQUISITE - without opening the orbit, your sexual energy has no easy and safe path to flow in. So this is the FAST method for guiding your wild sexual impulses into useful spiritual pathways of creativity.

The Micro-Cosmic Orbit qigong is also the foundation for the Fusion of the Five Element practices, which leads to opening of the Macro-Cosmic Orbit (the continuous flow of the linked deep “8 extraordinary” channels). It lays the foundation as well for all the other six higher formulas of Taoist inner alchemy, the science of cultivating ordinary chi back into its source as immortal spirit.