The Sarah Jane Adventures - The Complete Season 4


Sarah Jane and the gang go on saving the world from evil Aliens or help friendly ones to go home again.


The Nightmare Man by Joseph Lidster
401: Luke faces life-changing events, and Bannerman Road will never be the same again. But when Sarah Jane's son has his first nightmare, he's haunted by a dark figure from his dreams. A strange entity is reaching out to our world, with terrible consequences for the whole human race.

402: With Luke, Clyde and Rani trapped in a bizarre dreamscape, Sarah Jane must fight alone! As the Nightmare Man grows stronger, only K-9 might hold the key. But can Luke summon the courage to face his adult life before the whole world is trapped in an endless nightmare?

The Vault Of Secrets by Phil Ford 
403: When an old enemy, Androvax the Veil, returns to Earth, the gang face a dilemma – should they trust him? Or does the legendary Vault hold an even greater terror? But a second threat arises, when android guardians threaten to destroy anyone who uncovers their secrets.

404: As the battle between Sarah Jane, Androvax and the androids reaches its climax, Rani has to save her own mother from being caught in the crossfire. But as the Vault opens the destiny of the entire Veil species is at stake. Is it too late to save them?

Death Of The Doctor by Russell T Davies
405: When the Doctor is declared dead, old companions Sarah Jane and Jo Grant meet for the very first time, and join forces to discover the truth. As an interstellar conspiracy gathers around UNIT HQ, Clyde finds that he holds the fate of the Time Lord in his hand – quite literally!

406: Old friends fight together to make one last stand against the sinister Shansheeth. But with Clyde and Rani trapped in terrible danger, Sarah Jane and Jo Grant realise their worst fears – their friendship with the Doctor might be the very thing that dooms them.

The Empty Planet by Gareth Roberts
407: Clyde and Rani wake up one day to discover that they are the only survivors of the human race! The whole of Earth is empty - even Sarah Jane has vanished. But a deserted London holds terrors of its own. Strange forces lurk in the shadows, as mysterious visitors approach!

408: Clyde and Rani meet their enemy, as the Robots arrive on Earth - but what do they want, and where has the human race gone? It's a race against time, but without Sarah Jane's expertise, Clyde and Rani must trust each other like never before if they're to save the whole world.

Lost In Time by Rupert Laight
409: A harmless investigation turns into an epic quest across time and space. Sarah Jane and the gang are separated by the enigmatic Shopkeeper, and find themselves in three different time-zones throughout history - doing battle against ghost hunters, Nazis, Tudors and a mysterious parrot called Captain!

410: While Sarah Jane tries to prevent a future tragedy, Clyde has to take on the Third Reich single-handed! But Rani discovers to her horror that the march of history cannot be stopped, as a greater danger from the Time Vortex threatens to consume them all.

Goodbye, Sarah Jane Smith by Clayton Hickman & Gareth Roberts
411: Sarah Jane faces her saddest day, as she realises that no one can defend the Earth forever. She's saved the world so many times, but must now hand over the task to safer hands. Clyde and Rani are distraught, and the forces of darkness gather as the inevitable day approaches.

412: Sarah Jane has gone - but a new regime begins at Bannerman Road! Clyde and Rani must face the fact that nothing lasts forever - but can they still unite as a team, to face a new and deadly threat from outer space? Or is the old gang finished for good? 




Format :		XviD
File size:  		231MiB avg per episode
Duration : 		27min avg. per episode
Width : 		624 pixels
Height : 		352 pixels
Aspect ratio : 	        16:9
Frame rate : 	        25fps
Audio: 		        MP3
Nr. of Files:		12 +1 Titlepic

This is merely a package wraped up for your ease.
All files properly named, keeping the original file names intact.
This pack wouldn't have been possible without eztv, VTV, TvTeam, thank you all!

Please be patient. Upload speed is 1Mbit, which means after 24 hours initial seeding there should be enough seeders to get the whole thing with decent speed in a decent time.

  http://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=123771