File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:07:27

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 3271 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.29 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


Emerson, Lake & Palmer is the debut album of British progressive rock band Emerson, Lake & Palmer, released in 1970.

As a first album from the newly formed supergroup the influences they brought with them are clear in the mix of instrumental and vocal pieces. The front cover of the album depicts a fluttering white bird with a human ear in the bottom left corner (the bird's left wing outlines the back of the head to which the ear is attached, the other half of which is on the back of the album.)

The album is not a unified band effort as a whole; only the first track features credits for all three band members. The remainder are essentially solo pieces. "Take a Pebble" and "Lucky Man" are ballads by Greg Lake, precedents to those he would produce on subsequent albums (notably, "C'est La Vie" from Works Volume I and "Still...You Turn Me On" from Brain Salad Surgery). Carl Palmer's solo spot, "Tank", is intended to showcase his virtuoso drumming style. It also features Keith Emerson on clavinet and synthesizers.

Going beyond the incorporation of classical music influences, including using complex time signatures and harmonies and symphonic-type structures which helped to give them their unique sound, the band used lengthy note-for-note extracts from composers including Bach, Janácek, and Bartók.

Although the composition of the first track, "Barbarian", is attributed to the three band members, it is effectively an arrangement for rock band of Bartók’s 1911 piano piece, Allegro Barbaro. The third track, "Knife Edge", is based on the first movement of Janácek’s Sinfonietta (1926) with an instrumental middle section that includes an extended quotation from the Allemande of Johann Sebastian Bach's first French Suite in D minor, BWV 812, but played on an organ rather than clavichord or piano. None of these quotations were attributed on the original album release.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/