Maxwell - BLACKSummers'night 
Audio CD (July 7, 2009) 
Original Release Date: July 7, 2009 
Label: Columbia 
Quality: flac

Maxwell is very talented and has once again put out some good music after his long hiatus.  The album starts off with really strong with Bad habits, Cold, and Pretty Wings.  The next two songs HELP SOMEBODY and STOP THE WORLD sort of remind me a some old Marvin Gaye songs (just not as good as his songs).  They are not my favorites on the album but they are still decent songs.  The last three songs are good and the album ends with the last track as an instrumental.  Lyrically and the production of the album will not disappoint you at all.  The only complaint I would have is that the album is too short.  After 8 years I thought the album would have 12 songs at minimum.  Other than that this is a very respectable effort by Maxwell. 

Stand out tracks: 
Bad Habits 
Cold 
Pretty Wings ~ Kurupt

Maxwell Rivera, the R&B veteran 1st studio album in over 8 years, and 4th studio album (not counting Maxwell Unplugged) of his career, comes with the highly anticipated BLACKsummmers'night, an album I've been waiting for over some time myself.  Maxwell has always had good voice.  Even times when the lyrics aren't that good to a song he used his voice to carry a listener through a song over some nice production (a very popular formula in music).  I really was never a big fan of him when I first heard him on the video "Luxury:Cococure" (I don't know about you but seeing a video of a grown man half naked in a bathtub seems to traumatize me even 11 years later).  Overall he has created some classics like his previous album Now.  BLACKsummers'night really has a cool laidback vibe whereas the type of atmosphere you can listen to with someone you love, or on a laid back evening, as he's always created those smooth tunes to play in your mind.  The big problem that I have that this album is short, with nine tracks, just under 38 minutes total.  ~ Chandler "Infamous"

Maxwell - BLACKSummers'night Tracks:
01  Bad Habits (Uncut) 5:52    
02  Cold 4:02    
03  Pretty Wings (Uncut) 5:10    
04  Help Somebody 4:01    
05  Stop The World 3:56    
06  Love You 3:35    
07  Fistful Of Tears 3:39    
08  Playing Possum 4:22    
09  Phoenix Rise 
