This is all the segments from the Unsolved Mysteries Bizarre Murders Dvd Set I Believe. All but one segment are AVI files. The other is an Mp4. I also have the rest of the Unsolved Mysteries sets that I'm working on putting up here as well. Please Seed and if anyone has any advice leave it in the comments. I have only posted a few torrents and I'm not 100% that I do it the best way. These are not in the same order as they were on the disks but here is  what segments are included 

Episodes 
Disk 1- Colorado Cop Killers- Story of a police officer who was shot and killed by 3 suspects brandishing automatic weapons. Gives an Update for the case. 
Boston Strangler II- The case of serial killer Albert DeSalvo know as the former Boston Strangler- Was he the real killer or his former cellmate? Discover the truth. 
Texas Most Wanted- Story of a man named Edward Bell who did inappropriate things to children then shot to death a man who tried to intervene. When released on bail, he fled. Episode comes with a update. 
Trailer Terror- About a murder/shooting of parents and child/and her friend in a oklahoma trailer. The trailer was set on fire- girls bodies were never found. Did the girls flee or were they abducted? 
Bad Chief- Story of Greg Webb, whos wanted for the murder of his former girlfriend. He was arrested by the FBI. 
Marie Hilley- Marie was a pillar of the community In Alabama. Perfect wife and mother. Neigbors were shocked to discover she had been secretely poisoning her family with arsenic. Interesting story. 
Journalist's Murder- story of a journalist found dead in a bathtub of a hotel. They thought it was suicide. Though many believe he was killed for investigating a secret cabal of government. 

Disk 2- Scared To Death- About a woman found dead from a heroine overdose and bound/hands behind back. Psychiatrist said she suffered from multiple personality disorder and one of these ( personalities) killed her. Her father and many others disagree. 
Murdered Heiress- Sory of Greg Siner , a dog breeder and his companion Gardner. Few months after moving in Siner noticed a strange smell coming from the septic system. They found a skull- of the heiress. Who killed Camilla and why? 
Unicorn's Secret- Story of Counter Culture Hero Ira Einhorn- convicted of murdering his ex girlfriend. Comes with an update of the case. 
Womens Prison Killing- Disapearance of a prison guard/ deals with corruption inside a California Prison. 
Skull Duggery- Patrons at a restraunt notice a skull in the bushes. Police said the skull was of (recent origin) and female. They try to find out who did it. 
Backyard Bones- Story of a woman who took a break from her job at dept of human resources and never returned. Police recieved a tip that her bones were buried in the backyard. They surely found bones after searching, but they werent Monikas. Whos where they and where is Monika?- Later searches uncovered many diff peoples bones including fragments of Monicas. Interesting story. 
World Leaders- Case studies of dibabolical minds like Hitler, Saddam Hussein, Ted Bundy, John Wayne Gacy, Pol Pot and more. 
Burning Bed- A concerned friend stopped by Megans house late one night. He could sense somthing was wrong. There was a strange man in the apartment behind Megan. Megan said everything was alright, 2 hrs later the apartment was on fire and Megan dead. 

Disk 3- Mistake Hit- story of a journalist threatened by Mob Figures in Arizona. He Lived across the street from a man who was murdered. They think it was a mistake hit. 
Friends to the End- Story of 2 teenagers in the late 80s who were run over by a train. First ruled an accident, later thought they were murdered and placed on the tracks. 
Whistle Blown- about a nuclear plant employee whos remains were found in the plants furnace. Some say he took his own life. His family maintains he was murdered to prevent him from blowing the whistle on safety violations and illegal radioactive dumping. 
Richards Rampage- Story of a woman who called it off with her ex. Richard then killed her parents and attacked the family and Colleen the ex girlfriend. Comes with an Update. 
Plane Crash Sabotage- members of the us armys elite 101st airborne unit were killed in a plane crash. Almost immediately someone left a message from the Islamic Jihad. US Government has sealed the investigation. Families are wondering what happened. 
Burned Evidence- Unexplained murder of an oregon orchard farmer. After found in his bed police ordered evidence to be destroyed. 
Jesse James Hollywood- about a drug crew kidnapping the debtors minor stepbrother, holding him for ransom. Sad ending. Jesse is still at large. 
Two Mary Murders- 2 ladies both found murdered with the same name. Could the first Mary have died mistakenly at the hand of a contract killer?- who corrected his error 3 days later. 

Disk 4- Bordello Murders- 2 prostitutes found murdered at a massage parlor. Owner claimed in exhange for free services certain members of the local police allowed the bordello to stay open. 
Campus Murder Exposed- Journalism student murdered after she began working on a expose about a date rape that occured on campus. With an Update. 
Dakotas Double Death- Story of 3 young friends who got into a car accident one night. One was left behind in the car by the other 2 and for 3 months there were no signs of the couple. In 1993 their bodies were found floating 75 feet from the crash site yet when the accident originally occured they searched the whole area, found nothing. Both the bodies were found in diffrent states of decomposition. 
Margo Freshwater- convicted murderer running from the law. Update included. 
Zodiac/Unabomber story- Speculation that the Zodiac Killer is also the The Unabomber. The same person. Very interesting. 
The Other Intern- Story of the washingston interns who disapeared and were found murdered. Chandra Levy and 2 others who they claim had a connection to the case. Might be same killer. 
Social Security Murder- story of a couple who killed boyfriends own sister to get social secuirty benefits plus another person. 
Civil Rights Murders- in 1965 2 black members of the washington parish police department are gunned down while on duty in louisiana. They were the only black members of the police department. Klan is suspected. 
Campus Calamity- Story of a 18 yr old who started recieving threatening phone calls while on campus. Parents recieved phone call from someone who said they know exactly what happened to their son. Soon after that Bryans foot was found on a beach. No other remains were found. Was it murder,an accident or a suicide?