Creed - Weathered (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 /14files 

Category Rock, Rock/Pop, Alternative 
Label Wind-Up 
Orig Year 2001 
All Time Sales Rank 909 
CD Universe Part number 2243127 
Catalog number 13075 
Discs 1 
Release Date Nov 20, 2001 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Recording Time 50 minutes 
Personnel Mark Tremonti - guitar 
Scott Phillips - keyboards, drums 
Scott Stapp - vocals 

1. Bullets 
2. Freedom Fighter 
3. Who's Got My Back? 
4. Signs 
5. One Last Breath 
6. My Sacrifice 
7. Stand Here with Me 
8. Weathered 
9. Hide 
10. Don't Stop Dancing 
11. Lullaby 

"My Sacrifice" was nominated for the 2003 Grammy Awards for Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal. 

Undaunted by the prospect of matching the diamond status of Creed's HUMAN CLAY, the band returned to the studio stripped to ... Full Descriptiona three-piece unit. The album's title speaks volumes of the band's amazing rise to glory and trials of dealing with the critical backlash of seeming overnight success. With no immediate plans to replace founding bassist Brian Marshall (associate member Brett Hestla was busy with his own recording sessions), guitarist Mark Tremonti stepped up and aptly handled bass duties on WEATHERED. Arguably Creed's heaviest song to date, "Bullets" opens with thunderous riffs and Tool-inspired arpeggios. Opening with a mystical Indian chant by Bo Taylor, "Who's Got My Back Now" builds progressively with Zeppelinish dramaticism, owing much to Tremonti and vocalist Scott Stapp's winning collaborative prowess. Longtime producer John Kurzweg took his place behind the controls, dialing in a towering "live" drum sound that sets the tone for the album. Shoe-in singles "My Sacrifice" and "Stand Here With Me" resound much in the spirit of HUMAN CLAY's "Higher," with uplifting, major-key dominant melodies that set Creed apart from their aggro- and doom metal peers. WEATHERED closes with the aptly titled "Lullaby," Creed's most vulnerable acoustic ballad yet. 

940914,959491 

Recorded at J. Stanley Productions, Ocoee, Florida and Transcontinental Studios, Orlando, Florida. 
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 