Gary Unmarried - Season 1

Season 1 Plots

Episode 1 - Pilot
Gary must deal with the news that his ex-wife is engaged to another man all while trying to balance single fatherhood and a new relationship of his own.

Episode 2 - Gary Gets Boundaries
Gary and Allison decide they need to make some new boundaries and distance themselves from each other after he undressing in front of her.

Episode 3 - Gary Marries off His Ex
Gary pushes Dr. Krandall to set a wedding date with Allison so he will no longer be required to pay her alimony.

Episode 4 - Gary Gets His Stuff Back
Gary makes a threat to show Allison's racy photographs he received from her on their first anniversary to everyone, when she refuses to give back his pool table he bought for her as a gift.

Episode 5 - Gary Breaks Up His Ex-wife and Girlfriend
Gary is afraid that Vanessa and Allison's blooming friendship will mean doom for his relationship with Vanessa once Allison sets up a gloomy impression of him. Gary wishes all the former women in his life will make friendships elsewhere.

Episode 6 - Gary Meets The Gang
Gary and Allison have hit that point where their relationship moves ahead, by meet each others friends. But neither felt like they had made a great impression.

Episode 7 - Gary and Allison's Restaurant
Gary ends up in Vanessa's doghouse after finally taking her on a real date, but brings her to a restaurant that he used to frequent with Allison.

Episode 8 - Gary and Allison Brooks
Gary pretends he is still married while attending the vow-renewal of a friend, as a favor to Allison. But the plan backfires when Gary finds himself attracted to one of the guests.

Episode 9 - Gary Gives Thanks
Being it is the first Thanksgiving as a divorced couple, Gary and Allison find themselves competing for dinner guests.

Episode 10 - Gary Goes First
Gary and Allison try to one-up each other as they try to impress the kids with "first" experiences. Allison takes the kids to their first concert, while Gary decides to teach Tom to shave and buy Louise her first bra.

Episode 11 - Gary Toughens Up Tom
Gary begins to feel threatened by Tom's relationship with Dr. Krandall, leading him to change the relationship he has with his son.

Episode 12 - Gary Dates Louise's Teacher
To prove that men are not only interested in only beautiful women, Gary dates Louise's favorite, but plain school teacher.

Episode 13 - Gary Moves Back In
While his home is under repair, Gary moves back in with Allison.

Episode 14 - Gary and Dennis' Sister
Gary freaks out after learning that Dennis has made plans for his marriage to his younger sister, after they begin dating.

Episode 15 - Gary's Ex-Brother-In-Law
Gary reluctantly takes financial advice from Allison's brother, after receiving an notice from the IRS about an audit.

Episode 16 - Gary Uses His Veto
When Gary vetoes Louise from taking Chinese, Allison uses her veto to put a stop to Louise taking golf lessons.

Episode 17 - Gary Hooks Up Allison
When Allison breaks up with Krandall, she begins showing up at Gary's house, forcing Gary to find her someone new.

Episode 18 - Gary and the Trophy
After a bowling teammate quits before the championships, Gary rushes to find a replacement.

Episode 19 - Gary and His Half Brother
Gary's half-brother has returned from the war and needs a place to stay. The full house finds Gary spinning out of control as he finds himself playing parent to both his children and a sibling.

Episode 20 - Gary Fixes Allison's Garbage Disposal
Gary sets out to repair Allison's garbage disposal but find themselves inside her bedroom fixing their lust for sex.