Titles:
1) Myth: The Fallen Lords
2) Myth II: Soulblighter
3) Myth III: The Wolf Age

Developer: Bungie Studios

Publishers:
1) Myth - Eidos Interactive
2) Myth II - Bungie Studios
3) Myth III - MumboJumbo

Genre: RTS

Released:
1) Myth - 1997
2) Myth II - 1998
3) Myth III - 2001

Descriptions:
1) Myth - Myth: The Fallen Lords is a Real Time Strategy game which pits the evil Fallen Lords vs humanity. You must take control of archers, explosive-throwing dwarves, dependable infantry, and others to stop the horde of undead and evil from overrunning the last vestiges of good in the world. Battle plague-ridden corpses who detonate themselves in ground-shaking explosions, throngs of axe-wielding zombies, floating spectors who hurl poisoned spears at you, and quick-moving magical creatures armed with sharp blades. Live long enough and you will face the most powerful of the Fallen Lords.

2) Myth II - Building on the excellent plot and gameplay featured in Myth: The Fallen Lords, Myth II: Soulblighter also upped the ante by incorporating destructible environments as well as new game modes. The near-infinite gameplay permutations that ensued, ensured that Myth fans had lots of new toys to play with in the game world.

3) Myth III - Myth III: The Wolf Age takes place one thousand years before Myth: The Fallen Lords. The Fallen Lords you battled in that age are now your allies. Can you defeat Moagim and the armies of the dark? Everything is now fully 3D, and there are more units then ever before. Each race, for example the Trow and the Dwarves, has several units, for a total of thirty-nine units in the game.

Installation:
1) Mount or burn game images;
2) Install the games;
3) Play the games without the CDs.

Notes:
1) Myth - updated to the latest version, 1.5.
2) Myth II - updated to the latest version, 1.7.1. Includes the Chimera expansion, the high quality Quicktime cutscenes, the high quality Bungie Map Textures and the map editor.
3) Myth III - updated to the latest version, 1.3.1.

For more Myth related files, including solo and multiplayer maps, tools, mods and total game conversions, visit The Tain: File archive for the Myth Series - http://tain.totalcodex.net/

Metacritic:
1) Myth - http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/myth-the-fallen-lords
2) Myth II - http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/myth-ii-soulblighter
3) Myth III - http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/myth-iii-the-wolf-age