Music : Indie : MP3/Variable



Farrah - Farrah (2010)


Farrah are a British indie rock band. They have released 4 studio albums since 2001 and toured internationally since their formation. Though less well known in their home country they continue to have considerable success in Japan.





After releasing their debut single "Terry" on the indie Noisebox label in the UK they were signed to The Police manager Miles Copeland's Ark21 label for the release of their debut album Moustache. The album was released in the UK, USA, Europe and Japan and saw the band tour the world extensively to support it. When Ark21 shut down operation in the UK, their second album Me Too was released on various independent labels throughout the world.

Farrah have maintained their independent status ever since. Recording at their own South London recording studio, producing their own videos and managing their online presence.

In addition to developing a harder rock sound, Me Too incorporated more diverse elements into their sound while still remaining true to the lyrically quirky 3-minute, harmony-laden, melody-driven power pop sound of Moustache.

In late 2006 Farrah completed their third album, Cut Out and Keep. It was released in 2007 in the UK, Spain and Japan and accompanied by a world tour.

Since early 2007, Farrah has been working with the Japanese pop rock artist Kaela Kimura. They have so far composed two songs for her, and she has covered their song, "No Reason Why". One of Japan's leading rock bands, Asian Kung-Fu Generation has invited Farrah to appear at their own Nano-Mugen Festival on 2 occasions, most recently in 2009.

In 2009 they released their self-titled fourth full length album in Japan. The band now features former Cotton Mather drummer Dana Myzer in its lineup. The album (with a different track listing ) is scheduled for release in the rest of the world in May 2010.

Lead vocalist and principal songwriter Jez Ashurst has also written songs recorded by numerous artists including Boyzone, Will Young, The Click Five, Natalie Bassingthwaighte, Brian McFadden, Hanson and Cliff Richard.





Tracklist:

01 - Swings & Roundabouts
02 - Stereotypes
03 - Scarborough
04 - Dna
05 - Got the Best of Me
06 - If You Were Mine
07 - Missed the Boat
08 - Wasting Time
09 - Just Driving
10 - Abby’s Going Out
11 - Sleep Above The Covers
12 - All I Want is You





More info:

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farrah_%28band%29

 
http://www.farrah.co.uk/





ENJOY & AS ALWAYS: KEEP SEEDING FOR OTHERS!!
THANKS!!