Giga Wing 1 & 2 for the Sega Dreamcast                             Rel. 2000 & 2001


Format:	     CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	     English
Discs:        2
Image:        CDI
Gener.:       Arcade/Coin-op
Selfboot:     Yes
Requirements: Dreamcast Console, or DC Emulator.


Compressed with 7Zip, Both Games was tested and work. 


Important: Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't allow
           utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to be on the 
           safe side try to use a console manufactured before october 2000.  You
           can find the manufacture date on the bottom of the console on the     
           sticker in fine print just look for it. Of course the only way to know
           is to just try it on your dreamcast.



Release Notes: Giga Wing 1 & 2 is a kick ass Arcade shooter For the Dreamcast, 
               period.



Game Description Giga Wing:

In the World of Giga Wing, many wars have been fought for the divine stone Medallion. Entire civilizations were destroyed in the struggle for gaining control of the legendary item. Now, in the year 2050, four pilots have set off, each carrying a mysterious stone. The stones are said to be the only way to destroy Medallion once and for all. The player can choose to complete the journey for any of the four pilots.

Giga Wing is a vertical scrolling shoot 'em up. Up to two players must steer their planes around enemy bullets and destroy everything in their path with only a limited amount of lives. When tapping the A button, the main gun is fired. Holding the button activates the Reflect Force. The B button fires a bomb from a limited stock to become temporarily invincible. Power-ups can be collected to increase the bomb and life stock or enhance the main gun's fire power.

Scoring works by using the Reflect Force to repel enemy shots. Once the shots hit an enemy, medals appear in their place. When these are collected, the score multiplier increases.

There are two game modes, arcade and score attack. Arcade plays just like the original coin-op game, and score attack lets the player choose a stage and fight for the highest score there. In this mode, the player has unlimited lives, however the score multiplier will reset once the player dies or uses a bomb.


Game Description Giga Wing 2:


The third game in the Takumi/Capcom arcade shooter trilogy, Giga Wing 2 was originally designed for the Naomi arcade system and later ported to the Dreamcast. It is a top-down, vertical-scrolling shoot-em-up featuring four-player simultaneous action, high-res 3D graphics, and an orchestral score. There are four characters to choose from, each with his own storyline and fighter/spaceship. Each ship has its own weapon type and speed.

Like the previous Giga Wing and Mars Matrix games, gameplay is designed around bullet absorption/reflection mechanics, large numbers of enemies, and giant boss fights. Giga Wing 2 adds the ability to choose from two different bullet reflection powers: reflect force and reflect laser. The reflect force repulses enemy shots, while the reflect laser uses them to charge up a beam weapon. 


Game Pics included.


Burn both games with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

In Options enable overburn disc in Alcohol or DiscJuggler. 
(Do this for all DC games)

Set Write Method To Raw/Dao and burn at 4x Speed for Alcohol 120%.

If you wanna burn using DiscJuggler Set Burn settings to Raw Write Mode 2 2352 
CD-DA or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write and burn at 4x Speed.


Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.


(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		