* * * WARNING * * *

Dropping "cold turkey" off any psychiatric medications can be more dangerous than staying on the drugs. Tapering off very, very, very slowly has proven the safest and most effective method of withdrawal.

--------------------------------------------

The audio contained in this torrent is available to stream or download:
  
http://www.archive.org/details/Dr.AnnBlakeTracy-HelpICantGetOffMyAntidepressant

--------------------------------------------

Dr. Ann Blake Tracy

International Coalition For Drug Awareness
 
http://www.drugawareness.org/

Dr. Tracy's very important book is available at this site: PROZAC: PANACEA OR PANDORA? Our Serotonin Nightmare
Everything drug companies DO NOT want you to know about serotonergic medications - all SSRI and SNRI antidepressants, atypical antipsychotics & along with information on safe & successful withdrawal from them all!!!!


SSRI Stories
 
http://ssristories.org/

This website is a collection of 2900+ news stories with the full media article available, mainly criminal in nature, that have appeared in the media (newspapers, TV, scientific journals)  or that were part of FDA testimony in either 1991, 2004 or 2006, in which antidepressants are mentioned.


Dr. Ann Blake Tracy, a Ph.D. in Health Sciences with the emphasis on Psychology, is the director of the International Coalition for Drug Awareness. She has specialized for 10 years in adverse reactions to serotonergic medications (such as Prozac, Zoloft, Paxil, Luvox, Effexor, Serzone, Anafranil, Fen-Phen, and Redux) and has testified before the FDA and congressional subcommittee members on Prozac. She has testified since 1992 as an expert witness in Prozac and other SSRI related court cases around the world. Her first book on the issue was published in 1991. During the last eight years she has participated in innumerable radio, television, newspaper and magazine interviews.

--------------------------------------------



Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors do exactly that: Inhibit the reuptake of serotonin, thus leaving excess serotonin which allows this stimulation to continue. It has long been known that inhibiting the reuptake of serotonin will produce depression, suicide, violence, psychosis, mania, cravings for alcohol and other drugs, reckless driving, etc.

The most popular drugs that produce this reuptake of serotonin are:

SSRI Antidepressants: Prozac, Serafem, Zoloft, Paxil, Luvox, Celexa, Lexapro

SNRI Antidepressants: Effexor, Remeron, Serzone, Cymbalta

Atypical Antipsychotics: Zyprexa, Geodon, Abilify, Seroquel, Risperdal

Weight Loss Medications: Fen-Phen, Redux, Meridia

Pain Killers: (Any opium or heroin derivative) Morphine, OxyContin, Ultram, Tramadol, Percocet, Percodan, Lortab, Demerol, Darvon or Darvocet, Codeine, Buprenex, Dilaudid, Talwin, Stadol, Vicodin, Duragesic Patches, Fentanyl Transdermal, Methadone, Dextromethorphan (commonly used in cough syrups), etc.

Taper off very, very slowly.

Dropping "cold turkey" off any medication, most especially mind altering medications, can often be MORE DANGEROUS than staying on the drugs.

The most dangerous and most common mistake someone coming off the SSRI antidepressants makes is coming off these drugs too rapidly. Tapering off very, very, VERY SLOWLY--OVER MONTHS (and for long-term usersâa year or more), NOT JUST WEEKS! has proven the safest and most effective method of withdrawal from this type of medication. Thus the body is given the time it needs to readjust its own chemical levels. Patients must be warned to come very slowly off these drugs by shaving minuscule amounts off their pills each day, as opposed to cutting them in half or taking a pill every other day.

This cannot be stressed strongly enough! This information on EXTREMELY gradual withdrawal is the most critical piece of information that someone facing withdrawal from these drugs needs to have.

A REMINDER: IT IS EASIER TO GET DOWN OFF A MOUNTAINTOP ONE GUARDED STEP AT A TIME THAN TO JUMP FROM THE TOP TO THE BOTTOM.

No matter how few or how many side effects you have had on these antidepressants, withdrawal is a whole new world. The worst part of rapid withdrawal does not hit for several months AFTER you quit. So even if you think you are doing okay you quickly find that it becomes much worse.

If you do not come off correctly and rebuild your body as you do, you risk:

- Creating bouts of overwhelming depression
- Producing a MUCH longer withdrawal and recovery period than if you had come off slowly
- Overwhelming fatigue causing you to be unable to continue daily tasks or costing your job
- Having a psychotic break brought on by the terrible insomnia from the rapid withdrawal, and then being locked in a psychiatric ward
- Ending up going back on the drugs (each period on the drugs tends to be more dangerous and problematic than the previous time you were on the drugs) and having more drugs added to calm the withdrawal effects
- Seizures and other life threatening physical reactions
- Violent outbursts or rages

Although the book contains massive amounts of information you can find nowhere else on these drugs, it does not have the extensive amount of information contained in the tape on withdrawal. The tape contains newer and updated information on safe withdrawal from these drugs. The tape details over an hour and a half the safest ways found over the last ten years to withdraw from antidepressants. It also lists many alternative treatments that can assist you in getting though the withdrawal. And it contains information on how to rebuild your health after you have had it destroyed by the drugs so that you never end up on these drugs again. The tape is very inexpensive and will save you thousands in medical bills which you will spend trying to do it on your own. Many have lamented that they wished they would have had the information on this tape before attempting withdrawal.

This is a tape doctors can also benefit from when attempting to withdraw their patients from these drugs that the World Health Organization has now told us are addictive and produce withdrawal.