TomTom West en Centraal Europa 835.2419 Full
tested on tom tom one v1 with cracked navcore included in torrent

ieuwste map van TomTom.
Map grote 2,25 giga
voor  PNA

Overview :
* Detailed map seamlessly covering Western and Central Europe - 
Map coverage statistics:
* countries fully covered (99.9%): Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Hungary, Monaco, Norway, Poland, Portugal, San Marino, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the Republic of Ireland, the Netherlands, the Canary Islands and the Vatican City.
* countries partially covered: Bulgaria (54%), Estonia (72%), Latvia (63%), Slovenia (68%) and Croatia (42%, including major cities and coastal areas)
* roads covered (kms): nearly 9.7 million
* connector roads: other Central European Countries and Russia are covered by a connector network of major roads that allows you seamless navigation throughout the entire region.


How to update (I assume you do all - Navcore and Map,if it is only the map jump to 8. after checking on 1. and 2.):
1. Make a proper backup using the Windows Explorer - not Tomtom Home!!
1.1 Make sure you see all files and folders -even hidden and system!! (check under settings)
1.2 Check if you backups is really complete - if not you might be in trouble if you need to restore your old system

2. If you have a slot for a memory card - USE IT!!!
Why? Because you always keep a working system on your internal memory and a 2GB SD card is less than $10! A new Tomtom is ??

3. Check if there are special instructions in regards to the Navcore you download e.g. settings for a SE Navcore ,if the Navcore is complete or if you need to download voices and so on...

4. Download all files you need ,like Nacore ,map ,voices , keygens ,POI's into a folder on you har disc - make sure you make "intelligent subfolders" like "Navcore" , "MAP" ,"REST" in order to not confuse yourself!

5. Check the 1. before you continue 

6. If you have a SD card delete everything what is on there. 
If you use your internal memory do the same ,but leave it connected and don't turn it off!
6.1 Hint : if you have a card reader - use it because it will be much faster than using the card in your Tomtom!

7. Copy all files and folder for the Navcore to the root of your "system" (System means the SD card if you use it ,or the internal memory if don't use a card!)

8. Copy all files for your new map into a folder on your "system" e.g. "Australia" ,but make sure you are not using a subfolder within it - sometime a map in a downloaded archive is already in a folder e.g.Australia_830_2352. So either copy that folder to root of your system or the files within into the folder you created for the map.

9. Start your Tomtom once to create a new "ttgo.bif" - turn it off without accessing the menu and ignore warnings that you can't use the map or that no map is found!

10. Use a keygen to activate the map and if you use an original Navcore to patch the "ttsystem"

11. Start your Tomtom to configure the setting and enjoy!

If these steps are not working for you : DON'T PANIC!!!
Most likely you have made a minor mistake on the way - start over and try again after a short break.
Error mesages related to the map occur mostly because of a non patched "ttsystem" or not properly activated map - so check the keygen part again!


