HERE WE GO AGAIN

Grand Theft Auto: Episodes From Liberty City is a standalone compilation of the DLC episodes for Grand Theft Auto IV, containing both The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony on one disc.It was released alongside the DLC release of The Ballad of Gay Tony on 29 October 2009 for the Xbox 360 and released on 13 April 2010 for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 3. It does not require a copy of Grand Theft Auto IV to play, nor is an Xbox Live or PSN account necessary (except for multiplayer). The content is also played straight from the disc, and doesn't need to be downloaded to a hard drive to play, like various other disc-based expansions for other Xbox 360 games that have been released in the past.


THE LOST AND DAMNED:
Johnny is a veteran member of The Lost, a notorious biker gang. Johnny has been creating business opportunities for The Lost in Liberty City, but his first loyalty must be to the patch he wears on his back and to Billy Grey, the club's President. However, when Billy returns from rehab hell-bent on bloodshed and debauchery, Johnny finds himself in the middle of a vicious turf war with rival gangs for control of a city torn apart by violence and corruption. Can the brotherhood survive?

Developed by series creator Rockstar North and set in Liberty City, Grand Theft Auto IV: The Lost and Damned features a new main character, Johnny Klebitz, and plot that intersects with the storyline of Grand Theft Auto IV; new missions that offer an entirely fresh way to explore Liberty City with new multiplayer modes, weapons and vehicles; and a diverse soundtrack with additional musicall with the incredible production values that are the trademarks of Grand Theft Auto.

THE BALLAD OF GAY TONY:
The Ballad of Gay Tony injects Liberty City with an overdose of guns, glitz, and grime. As Luis Lopez, part-time hoodlum and full-time assistant to legendary nightclub impresario Tony Prince (a.k.a. "Gay Tony", players will struggle with the competing loyalties of family and friends, and with the uncertainty about who is real and who is fake in a world in which everyone has a price.

Developed by series creator Rockstar North and set in Liberty City, Grand Theft Auto: The Ballad of Gay Tony completes an epic story and gameplay arc that intersects with the storylines of Grand Theft Auto IV and Grand Theft Auto: The Lost and Damned. With new missions, weapons, vehicles, soundtrack updates and multiplayer content that showcase the over-the-top nature of life at the center of the city, on the other side of the velvet rope where everyone and everything is accessible and available for a price.

Developer: Rockstar Games
Publisher: Rockstar Games
Genre: action / TPP
Platform: PC / Windows

Release date: World: 13 April 2010
USA: 13 April 2010
Europe: 16 April 2010
Play modes: single / multiplayer
Multiplayer: Internet  number of players: 1-16
Game language: English
Age Requirements: 18+  media: 1 DVD
Suggested system requirements:
Core 2 Quad 2.4 GHz, 2 GB RAM, graphic card 512 MB (GeForce 8600 or better), Windows XP/Vista.

Details

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

OS: Windows 7 SP1, Windows Vista - SP1 / XP - SP3
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 1.8 Ghz, AMD Athlon X2 64 2.4 Ghz
RAM: 1.5 GB
Hard Drive 16 GB Free Space
Video Card: 256 MB Nvidia 7900 / 256 MB ATI X1900

MAXIMUM REQUIREMENTS

Operating system Windows Vista (Service Pack 1) / XP (Service Pack 3) / Windows 7;
> The Intel Core 2 Quad processor with a clock speed of 2.4 GHz or AMD Phenom X3 with a frequency of 2.1 GHz;
> 2 GB (XP) / 2,5 GB (Vista / Windows 7) of RAM;
> Video card: NVIDIA 8600 or ATI 3870 with 512 MB of video memory;
Free space on HDD: 16 GB;

OTHER REQUIREMENTS

Initial activation requires internet connection; Online play requires log-in to Games for Windows  LIVE and Rockstar Social Club (13+ to register); software installations required including Sony DADC SecuROM, Adobe Flash, DirectX, and Microsofts .NET Framework, Games for Windows  LIVE, and Internet Explorer.




For Crack1

1. Extract(Copy) Crack1 to EFLC dir
4. Launcg Regedit, go to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESOFTWARERockstar GamesEFLC, If doesn't exist create EFLC dir. Create inside line with parameters with title  InstallFolder, write way to the dir where is game extracted
5. Launch LaunchEFLC.exe and play

~poH

For Crack2

-Download
-Run the game ..

If it shows reg error: follow this to fix:

- Go to regedit, if you don't know how to open that, please consult Google
- Go to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE
- Software
- Rockstar Games (create this if it doesn't exist, using right-mouse-button, new, key)
- EFLC (create this, see above)
- In EFLC, rightclick on the big white screen, New, string value
- Name it "InstallFolder"
- Find the path where you downloaded everything, the main folder, which contains files like data.dll, EFLC.exe, etc.., and copy the location.
- Edit the InstallFolder-string value, and set the data to the location you just copied
- You're done
  http://fastpic.ru/view/6/2010/0420/556f7ba941ffa7563f7692df2080383a.jpg.html
