File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.

"Alice" is an alternative rock song written and performed by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne for the soundtrack to the 2010 film Alice in Wonderland, entitled Almost Alice, which will be released on March 2, 2010. The song is a mid-tempo ballad sung from the perspective of the film's lead character, Alice. According to Lavigne, she wrote the song after asking Disney executives and director Tim Burton for a role on the soundtrack. The song was produced by Butch Walker and mixed by Lavigne's former husband Deryck Whibley.

The song was first played on radio on January 27, 2010, when Lavigne appeared on Ryan Seacrest's radio show, On Air with Ryan Seacrest.

Lavigne shot the music video for "Alice" on January 26–27, 2010. The video is directed by Dave Meyers. The video premiered on February 17, 2010.

While designing clothes inspired by Alice in Wonderland for her Abbey Dawn line, Lavigne told Disney executives she could write a song for the film's soundtrack. Director Tim Burton agreed, and Lavigne "wrote the song immediately" on her piano. Lavigne described the song as "a little darker" and confirmed the lyrics, "trippin' out, spinnin' around, I'm underground, I fell down."

Almost Alice is a soundtrack to Tim Burton's film, Alice in Wonderland, composed of various artists' music inspired by the film.

The lead single, "Alice" by Avril Lavigne will be played during the end credits. The song premiered on January 27, 2010 on the radio program, On Air with Ryan Seacrest. The second single will be the song "Tea Party" by Estonian Pop Star Kerli. "Follow Me Down", a track from the album by 3OH!3 featuring Neon Hitch, has also been released as a single. A special edition of the album with two extra songs will be exclusive to Hot Topic.

The album is set to be released March 2, 2010.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

