VHS Rip- Never on DVD in USA

Janis (film)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Janis is a documentary film about the rock singer Janis Joplin released to theaters across the United States in the spring of 1975 (copyrighted in 1974).[1] It was available on videocassette in the United States in the 1980s and 1990s, but DVD versions have been released only in France, Belgium and the Netherlands. An American basic cable channel showed it in 2007.[citation needed]

The film was directed by Howard Alk with a lot of assistance from Albert Grossman, Janis' manager. The total running time is one hour and 36 minutes.

Janis doesn't feature any sound bite interviews with the subject's friends or business associates. All of the footage was filmed when the singer was alive. Janis supplies the little narration that viewers get. She is heard saying that when she was a teen-ager in Port Arthur, Texas, she was influenced by the singer Leadbelly. She says she is satisfied with Mr. Grossman as her manager.

The movie includes a color videotaped segment from her June 25, 1970 appearance on The Dick Cavett Show, footage from her Woodstock performance in 1969 (dancing with her band's saxophone player during an instrumental break), and another television segment videotaped in black & white in April 1967 before she became famous.

A lot of screen time is devoted to Janis' 1969 European tour, including an interview with Janis during her stay in Stockholm and the ecstatic reaction of a clean-cut female fan in Frankfurt when she sees Janis through the window of her tour bus before the concert starts. (The American fan, who reveals on camera that she is the wife of a U.S. Army officer stationed in Germany, is later seen with several German youths dancing on stage with Janis.)

Laura Joplin, the star's younger sister who contributed to the hit off-Broadway play Love, Janis that was based on Laura's book of the same name, is seen and heard talking to Janis in footage of a ten-year reunion of Port Arthur's Thomas Jefferson High School, class of 1960.
[edit] Footnotes

1. ^ Part of the film soundtrack is included on the 1975 album Janis.


--