Cleopatra (1963)

In 48 B.C., Caesar pursues Pompey from Pharsalia to Egypt. Ptolemy, now supreme ruler after deposing his older sister, Cleopatra, attempts to gain favor with Caesar by presenting the conquerer with the head of Pompey, borne by his governors, Pothinos and Achillas. 

To win Caesar's support from her brother, Cleopatra hides herself in a rug, which Apollodorus, her servant, presents to Caesar. The Roman is immediately infatuated; banishing Ptolemy, he declares Cleopatra Egypt's sole ruler and takes her as his mistress. 

A son, Caesarion, is born of their union. Caesar, however, must return to Italy. Although he is briefly reunited with Cleopatra during a magnificent reception for the queen in Rome, Caesar is assassinated shortly thereafter, and Cleopatra returns to Egypt. 

When Mark Antony, Caesar's protégé, beholds Cleopatra aboard her elaborate barge at Tarsus some years later, he is smitten and becomes both her lover and military ally. Their liaison notwithstanding, Antony, to consolidate his position in Rome, marries Octavia, sister of the ambitious Octavian. 

The marriage satisfies no one. Cleopatra is infuriated, and Antony, tiring of his Roman wife, returns to Egypt. There he flaunts his liaison by marrying Cleopatra in a public ceremony. Sensing Antony's weakness, Octavian attacks and defeats his forces at Actium. 

Alarmed, Cleopatra withdraws her fleet and seeks refuge in her tomb. .

	Elizabeth Taylor	... 	Cleopatra
	Richard Burton	... 	Marc Antony
	Rex Harrison	... 	Julius Caesar
	Pamela Brown	... 	High Priestess
	George Cole	... 	Flavius
	Hume Cronyn	... 	Sosigenes
	Cesare Danova	... 	Apollodorus
	Kenneth Haigh	... 	Brutus
	Andrew Keir	... 	Agrippa
	Martin Landau	... 	Rufio
	Roddy McDowall	... 	Octavian - Caesar Augustus
	Robert Stephens	... 	Germanicus
	Francesca Annis	... 	Eiras, Cleopatra's handmaiden
	Grégoire Aslan	... 	Pothinus (as Gregoire Aslan)
	Martin Benson	... 	Ramos

Director: Joseph L. Mankiewicz 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056937/

XVid / AC3 
