A great deal of house music presented to you by Jeppelepsi.



I get tracks each day, mostly new stuff but sometimes oldies.
I will update weekly with new hot tracks so always download the latest torrent!
There will be new tracks in each torrent and instead of adding a new torrent with ALL my music over and over again, I decided to update only the new stuff. I will make a rar file and name them with "Husbehov Edit #X" (X=The higher number, the latest version) so that you who already downloaded an earlier version of my Husbehov will be able to know which torrent you will download next time.

All songs are 320 kbps but I use Audacity to cut songs where I think they should start. That's why in the description it says 128 kbps. The quality doesn't get worse, it only says so in the description.



This edit contains following HOT tracks:
Addict DJ’s - I’m Coming Out (Carl Louis & Martin Danielle Remix) (Feat. Katherine Ellis)
Alaa - Forever In Your Heart (Original Mix)
Avicii - Abow (Original Mix)
Benny Royal - Let's Keep It Coming (Muzzaik Remix)
Bingo Players - Get On The Move (Original Mix)
Darwin & Backwall - Good Morning Stockholm (Original Mix) (Feat. Emelie Wallin)
Deadmau5 - Sofi Needs A Ladder (Original Mix)
Deadmau5 - Sofi Needs A Ladder (Yvan Emerick Remix)
Disfunktion - Magna (Original Mix)
Fred Lilla - Sunsation (Blumenkraft Vocal Mix)
Grooveyard - Mary Go Wild (Nicky Romero Remix)
Johan Wedel - Playdoo (Original Mix)
John Dahlbäck - Back To The Dancefloor (Deniz Koyu Remix)
Kaskade - Raining (Original Mix) (& Adam K Feat. Sunsun)
Max Vangeli - Look Into Your Heart (Carl Louis & Martin Danielle Remix) (Feat. Max C)
Mehdi Dressy - Subliminal (Original Mix)
Opptimo - Travellers (Phonat Remix)
Paris FZ - Black Flashbacks (Paris FZ & Simo T Mashup) (& Simo T Vs. Calvin Harris)
Pendulum - The Island (Steve Angello, AN21 & Max Vangeli Remix)
Reder8 - Amazing (Original Mix)
Reder8 - Amazing (Promise Land Remix)
Sandro Silva - Only You Can Be Free  (Eddie Thoneick Bootleg) (Vs. Ultra Nate)
Something Good - Marathon (Original Mix)
Style Of Eye - Antidote (Original Mix) (& Magnus The Magnus)







Stay tuned.



Enjoy