Eboy
 
S  K  i  D  R  O  W
 
-  T H E  L E A D i N G  F O R C E  -
 
proudly presents
Lost Planet 2 Retail Launcher
 
RELEASE DATE : 11-10-2010              PROTECTION : SecuROM  xlive
GAME TYPE    : Action                  DISKS      : CRACKED UPDATE
 
Release Notes:
 
The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.
 
If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible.
 
/
/ / //          / / /  /
/ / / / //      //// / / / / / /
/      /      / / / // / /// /
/// / //////
twice the fun  / double the trouble
 
Lost Planet 2 Retail Launcher Notes:
 
Here you have the Retail launcher with language selector and
controller configurator.
 
On with the game release information:
 
Lost Planet 2 is the sequel to Lost Planet: Extreme Condition,
the landmark third-person shooter which debuted on Xbox 360
and went on to sell over 2.3 million units worldwide after its
release. Lost Planet 2 offers deeper insight into the world of
E.D.N III and the uncertain fate of future mankind.
 
Already acclaimed for its visual accomplishments from the
console versions, Lost Planet 2 will define the 3D experience
on the PC. Stunning environments will immerse the player in
NVIDIA Vision Surround technology, and the rebalanced gameplay
and streamlined control mechanics make Lost Planet 2 PC the
ultimate Lost Planet experience.
 
A decade has passed since the events of the first game, and
the face of E.D.N. III has changed dramatically. Terraforming
efforts have been successful and the ice has begun to melt,
giving way to lush tropical jungles and harsh unforgiving
deserts. Mankind has engaged in a civil war to take control of
the precious Thermal Energy that powers weapons and vehicles
on E.D.N. III and resulted in a separation into various
factions.
 
Players will control heroes from each faction across 6
interconnected episodes, viewing the war from the perspective
of each, creating a truly unique interactive experience. With
this concept, players will have the opportunity to engage in
the story in a much more dynamic way as plot threads evolve
from different players perspectives.
 
The intense and action-packed campaign mode comes with the
ability to form teams of up to 4 players online. Beyond the
deep single-player and co-op modes, Lost Planet 2 is loaded
with extensive multiplayer modes allowing up to 16 players to
compete online, each with their own customizable avatar.
 
No action game would be complete without an arsenal of
weaponry, and Lost Planet 2 has a huge variety of hardware for
players to unleash on unsuspecting enemies. Machine guns,
shotguns, rocket launchers, lasers, sniper rifles, grenades
and a host of other weapons are scattered across the game. The
grappling hooks that made the gameplay in Lost Planet a true
3-D experience are back, allowing gamers to gain tactical
advantage by moving to elevated locations quickly.
 
Lost Planet 2's biggest weapons come on two legs: the heavily
armed and armored robotic Vital Suits return in greater
numbers and variety than the first game. There are VS that
transform into other vehicles, hold up to three players and
some that even take multiple players to operate.
 
Co-op action: Team up to battle the giant Akrid in explosive 4
player online co-operative play. Teamwork is the player's key
to victory as the team is dependent on each other to succeed
and survive.
 
Massive scale of enemies: Players skill on the battlefield and
ability to work as a team will be tested like never before
against the giant Akrid. Players will utilize teamwork
tactics, new weapons and a variety of vital suits (VS) to
fight these larger-than-life bosses.
 
Beautiful massive environments: Capcom's advanced graphics
engine, MT Framework 2.0, and DirectX 11 support will bring
the game to life with the next step in 3D fidelity and
performance.  See Lost Planet 2's world through new eyes, with
support for hardware tessellation and compute shader.
 
Deep level of character customization: Players will have
hundreds of different ways to customize their look, nom de
guerre, emotes, and weapons to truly help them define their
character on the battlefield. A wide array of customizable
abilities range from taking less damage, to running faster to
operating data posts quicker
 
Rewards System: Players will receive rewards for assisting
teammates and contributing to the team's success
 
Multiplayer: Compete in 16-player multiplayer matches with
nine different maps and 5 different game modes including
Data Post Battle, Akrid Egg Battle, Fugitive, Elimination and
Team Elimination. Additional maps will be available as
downloadable content after the game's release.
 
Exciting new VS features- Based on fan feedback, the team has
implemented an unbelievable variety of Vital Suits and new
ways to combat VS's. The new VS system will have a powerful
impact on the way the player takes to the war zone in Lost
Planet 2
 
Install Notes:
 
1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 2 to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game
 
Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy
 
Install Notes:
 
1. Unpack the included rar files.
2. Run Darksiders.Update.1.exe and install
3. Copy the cracked content from SKIDROW directory to your
main installation directory and overwrite.
3. Play the game
 
Additional Notes:
 
We have noticed that some people had various crashes with our
new Installer.exe. These small issues should be corrected now.
This updated installer is using the same code as the one we
used for Civilization V, so everything should be fine now.
 
If you didn't have any problems with the installer, then you
don't have to do anything.
 
We included to options:
 
Option 1:
 
Access the included Installer FIX folder and mount the iso and
install it the game(insert dvd's when asked)
 
Option 2:
 
Replace the Installer.exe in the iso with the Installer.exe
included in the Installer FIX folder with this update.
 
Note from the coder of the Installer:
 
I'm extremly sorry that this release is required to fix the
installer. But Valve Software was not nice enough to document
the sim/sid format. Also if you encouncered the issue that the
post-install process was looping then you should blame
Microsoft, for the work arround I've moved the process to the
installation thread so it won't wait for the message (which
was never removed for some unknown reason). In case you still
have trouble installing, we added error messages, you don't
need to understand them, we are watching so don't worry. The
internal error codes should only occour if something is going
"really" wrong, like you have corrupted files or miss the main
entry of install .sim.
 
Greetings:
 
Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:
 
FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC
 
Salutes to our new friends in:
 
UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS
 
Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by XXX


ENJOY!