
Recorded on DVD recorder from live BBC Broadcast on November 27th 2009.

The Legendary Queen Christmas show at the Hammersmith Odeon from December 24th 1975 is to be broadcast on BBC2 on Friday Nov 27th at 11.35pm.

On Christmas Eve 1975, Queen crowned a glorious year with a special concert at London’s Hammersmith Odeon. The final night of their triumphant UK tour, the show was simulcast live on BBC Two’s The Old Grey Whistle Test and BBC Radio One. It has become a legendary event in Queen’s history, featuring stunning renditions of early hits Killer Queen, Keep Yourself Alive, Liar and Now I’m Here alongside Brian May’s epic guitar showcase Brighton Rock, a rip-roaring version of the then new Bohemian Rhapsody and the crowd-pleasing Rock ‘n’ Roll Medley.

Freddie, Brian, Roger and John set the place alight in their incredible stage outfits and long hair. “It’s been really like a party here tonight” says Brian.

Incidentally, Brian and Freddie’s parents met for the first time at this show. They had lived a couple of streets away from one another for over a decade, yet somehow had never actually encountered one another!

The fruit of more than four years detective work to find missing video footage and even the original multi-track audio tapes which were thought to have been wiped, this new 50 minute version of the show features a fantastic new sound mix produced by Queen engineers Justin Shirley-Smith, Kris Fredriksson, and Joshua J Macrae.

This Legendary show, widely regarded by fans as one of Queen’s finest, is finally coming to our screens.

“…it’s just such an extraordinary performance!” Charlie Stayt, BBC TV Breakfast

The set list that night was as follows.

Now I’m Here / Ogre Battle / White Queen / Medley: Bohemian Rhapsody; Killer Queen; The March Of The Black Queen; Bohemian Rhapsody (Reprise); Bring Back That Leroy Brown / Brighton Rock / Guitar Solo / Son And Daughter (Reprise) / Keep Yourself Alive / Liar / In The Lap Of The Gods (Revisited) / Encore Medley: Big Spender; Jailhouse Rock; Stupid Cupid; Be Bop A Lula; Shake Rattle And Roll; Jailhouse Rock (Reprise) / Second Encore: Seven Seas Of Rhye / See What A Fool I’ve Been / God Save The Queen
