. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                       
                                                     
                                            
                
                   
            
                
                        
                 
                 
               
                         
                          
                 
                   
                          
                         
                   
            
                
           
                   
                      
       
               
                
                     
                 
                           
                             
                  
           
          
                             
      ,,T..E..A..M...D..V..T.,,     
                                                       
           ....P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S....          
                                         
                                                 
             PGWARE SuperRam  v6.3.8.2010              
                                                       
                                              
           
              
                            
                                                
                                                               
                                                             
      Released on 03/13/10 for exclusive usage by            
        members of the release scene. This isnt something        
        to share with your school mates and not for sale.        
      Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it!       
                                                             
      Company ..: PGWARE LLC.                                
       Url ......: http://www.pgware.com                       
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
            Release Information              
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       SuperRam allows you take control of your computer's       
     memory, how physical memory is allocated and help       
     determine the performance of your computer system.      
     Windows routinely allocates memory to applications,     
      games and system processes; over time the memory         
     becomes completely used handling all of these           
     tasks.                                                  
                                                                 
                                                                 
     With SuperRam, memory management is tuned to            
     maintain computer stability but a greater emphasis      
     is placed on computer performance. Once installed       
      SuperRam begins to monitor the total amount of           
     memory your computer has installed, it also             
     monitors when your computer reaches a threshold of      
       memory to maintain, when that threshold is reached        
       SuperRam immediately will release all memory that         
     it determines can be released on the computer           
     system back to Windows.                                 
                                                             
                                                               
     When SuperRam is installed any new application,         
     program or game that is opened will use physical        
       memory installed on the computer and placing              
       applications that you opened previously to use            
     virtual memory. This allows software to run with an     
     emphasis on performance when performance is needed;     
     such as when playing games, editing photos/videos,      
      using processor and memory intensive applications.       
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
               Install Notes                 
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       1. Unpack & Install                                       
     2. Use Patch.exe                                        
     3. Have Fun                                             
                                                             
                                                               
                                                             
                                                        
                                                     
                                                 
                         
               
                               
                Group Notes                  
                              
                                                         
                                                                 
       You got something to offer like                           
                                                             
               * supplies (either ISO or DDL)                
               * cracking skills                             
                * pizza                                        
                                                             
     and want to join the only scene family in existance?    
       Then just ask around on IRC (maybe even your girl-        
       friend may know one of our council members, be it         
     the one or the other way...) and lets see if you        
     fit into one of our open positions!                     
                                                             
                                                               
                      Signed,                                
                          - TEAM DVT -                       
                                                                 
                                                             
                                                       
                                                   
                                             
                                         
                    
        
                      
                  
                  
                  
                
                 
                       
                            
                                 
                                             
                                                  
                                          
                                         (( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha ))