Title: Caricias aka Caresses 
Year: 1998
Country: Spain
Audio: Spanish and Catalan
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 483 MB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 94 min 
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
IMDB Note: 7.2
Directed by: Ventura Pons
Starring: Sergi López ...  Home
 Rosa Maria Sardà ...  Dona 
 Julieta Serrano ...  Dona gran 
 David Selvas ...  Home jove 
 Laura Conejero ...  Dona jove 
 Montserrat Salvador ...  Dona vella 
 Agustín González ...  Home vell 
 Naím Thomas ...  Nen  
 Mercè Pons ...  Noia 
 Jordi Dauder ...  Home gran 
 Roger Coma ...  Noi 
 
IMDB:   
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0140879/

Synopis: Eleven episodes portray different encounters in a large city during the course of a single night towards the end of the millennium. A young man wants to stop living together with a young woman because he believes that they no longer have anything to say to each other. The young woman goes to visit her mother, an elderly woman. She lives with an old lesbian who meets her homeless brother. She asks him to forgive her for having seduced his wife all those years ago, but the brother pretends not to know who she is. A young boy attacks the homeless man. At first he tells him about his wild nights, then he knocks him to the ground and steals the old man's ring. At home the young boy has a bath and asks his father to join him in the tub. The boy's father has a girlfriend, a young woman. He intends to end their relationship... Eleven interlocking scenes that involve two characters, one of whom carries forward into the next scene, until the chain comes full circle. (IMDB)

Awards: 2 wins & 2 nominations. 


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH, FRENCH AND BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                           
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ
