Aveyond

Game Info:
30+ Hours of gameplay, 60+ quests!
Fight monsters and explore a medieval world. Aveyond is packed with more than 60 quests, hundreds of places to explore, and over 30 hours of game play. If you like games like Final Fantasy, Chrono Trigger, and Dragon Warrior, you are going to love Aveyond.

A powerful deity, Ahriman, has opened the Demon Portal and dark creatures now threaten the great isles. You must stop the destruction and destroy Ahriman before it is too late. The Sword of Shadows is the key to your redemption. You must find it in the mystical isle of Aveyond and use it to seal the Demon Portal and stop Ahriman.

In addition to a great story, this award-winning game is packed with additional great features. Chase monsters around in real-time, and fight them in turn-based battles. Explore dozens of non-linear quests, marry off your characters, buy a mansion, pets, and more! 


Crack Notes:
1. Install the game using Setup.exe
2. Replace the original <Install Directory>Aveyond.exe with the one from the Crack folder
3. Enjoy the game!

-Cracked by Homer


Aveyond II - Ean's Quest

Game Info:
60+ quests! 100+ places to explore!
Snow has fallen on a magical vale where it has never snowed before. A beautiful young elf is missing, and no one remembers her existence. That is, no one except for her best friend, Ean. 

To solve the mystery of his lost friend, Ean leaves the vale and travels to the dangerous Land of Man. Ean’s adventure takes him through dark forests, arid deserts, and finally to a great mountain of ice where the answers to all of his questions await. And that is just the beginning…

Solve dozens of adventure puzzles and explore an enchanting world. Aveyond 2 is packed with monsters, magic, and humor. Stop an evil queen from turning the world into ice, capture a dragon and ride the winds to ancient lands, unite the kingdoms and discover your destiny.

Features:
* Mouse support
* Shapeshift Ean & dress Iya
* Join a guild
* Buy Grimm’s Farm and raise pets
* Karma system
* Attraction system
* Secret goodie caves (can you find them?) 


Crack Notes:
1. Install the game using Setup.exe
2. Replace the original <Install Directory>GameAveyond 2.exe with the one from the Crack folder
3. Enjoy the game!

-Cracked by Homer


Aveyond III - Lord of Twilight

Game Info:
A street thief steals the wrong heirloom and finds herself on the run from a powerful vampire mage.

In fulfillment of prophecy, the evil sorcerer, Mordred Darkthrop, initiated a series of actions 
that would eventually see him rule the world. Darkthrop’s reign of tyranny and his lineage ended abruptly, 
when he and his only son died moments before his goal was realized.

The prophecy, however, lingered on.

Two hundred years later, young Mel, a common street thief, is about to have her life turned upside down, 
as another stands determined to succeed where Darkthrop failed, and to see the prophecy to its fulfillment.

Solve dozens of adventure puzzles and explore an enchanting world. Aveyond 3 is packed with monsters, 
magic, and humor. Stop an evil vampire lord from plunging the world into darkness and enslaving humanity. 
Explore lush tropical forests, arid deserts, mystical woodlands and more. 
Soar to dizzying heights and descend to the depths of the Underworld on your adventure.


Crack Notes:
1. Install the game using Aveyond-Lord-of-Twilight.exe
2. Replace the original <Install Directory>Aveyond - Lord of Twilight.exe with the one from the Crack folder
3. Enjoy the game!