Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"When Love Takes Over" is a song by French DJ David Guetta, featuring main vocals by American R&B singer Kelly Rowland. Recorded and composed by Guetta, Rowland, Miriam Nervo, Olivia Nervo, and Fred Rister for Guetta's fourth studio album, One Love (2009), the track was released digitally as the album's lead single in May 2009. The track became a number one smash, topping charts in the UK, Ireland, Italy, Belgium (Wallonia), Switzerland, Slovakia, and Turkey, and on the European Hot 100 Singles. It has charted within the top five of many other European countries, as well as charting in North America becoming Guetta's second Hot 100 hit, following "Love is Gone".

The teaser for "When Love Takes Over" was released on 26 May 2009 by David Guetta on his officialpage. Jonas Åkerlund directed the video.

In the teaser for the video, Guetta went on to say the plot of the video is similar to the song, "You see Kelly walking her path, her story and me on the other side." In the clip you can see Kelly walking alone down a road, and singing on the beach as the sun is setting. Guetta is seen pushing his DJ equipment around town until they meet at a party. "They share that love and share it with the other people to make that big party", said Guetta. In the end Rowland and Guetta meet up and finish the song at the party. The video was released toon June 4, 2009.

In the United Kingdom, it was originally scheduled to be released digitally and physically on 15 June 2009. However, two other versions of the song by Airi L appeared and so the digital version was brought forward to 11 June 2009 instead. "When Love Takes Over" debuted on the UK Singles Chart on 14 June 2009 at number seven. On 21 June 2009 the single climbed to number one, becoming Rowland's second number one as a featured artist in the UK and Guetta become the first french to be number one in UK charts. It has also peaked at number one on the Irish Singles Chart.

In the U.S. the song gained popularity slowly, mainly due to heavy-airplay at radio-stations, the song has sold so far over 100,767 downloads, and after Guetta and Rowland appeared at the show So You Think You Can Dance, the song entered to the iTunes Top 100 Songs.

Kelly and David Guetta appeared at German show “The Dome”. They’ve received Gold Record for their #1 single “When Love Takes Over”.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

