Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:06:37

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1946 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.17 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps



"I'm a Man" is a song written by Spencer Davis Group singer-songwriter Steve Winwood and record producer Jimmy Miller.

Chicago Transit Authority (now known as Chicago) recorded a cover version of "I'm a Man" for their 1969 debut album, The Chicago Transit Authority. When the band's popularity surged after their second album, "I'm a Man" was released as the B-side to a re-release of "Questions 67 and 68". Radio stations ended up playing both sides, and "I'm a Man" reached #49 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1971.

Chicago's cover is a borderline heavy metal arrangement, clocking in at 7 minutes and 40 seconds, and is based around the power guitar playing of Terry Kath, the virtuoso drumming of Danny Seraphine and the horn section doubling on auxiliary percussion instruments, such as claves, cowbell and tambourine. Kath, Peter Cetera and Robert Lamm each sing a verse apiece (singing not the lyrics as written, but as Chicago apparently misunderstood them), preluding an extended drum solo before a return to the second and third verses and choruses that bring the song to a climactic drum roll, and finally leading into a Terry Kath guitar solo to bring the song to a dramatic close. This version remains a fan favourite. Santana has also used a small part of this song in the track "Waiting" which appears on their self titled 1969 debut album. In many live performances, Chicago would hand pick a female track athlete from the crowd to run out on to the stage and perform gymnastic moves to accentuate her man-esque body features, particularly the legs.

The Chicago Transit Authority is the eponymous debut album by the Chicago-based rock  band The Chicago Transit Authority, who would later be known as Chicago. It was recorded and released in 1969.

Upon the band's 1967 inception, they were initially called "The Missing Links". Then (according to Robert Lamm on an episode of In the Studio with Redbeard devoted to the making of the album) changed its name to "The Big Thing" (occasionally performed in areas outside Chicago and Milwaukee as "The Big Sounds" due to some venues complaining about the double entendre that the name "The Big Thing" also alluded to), before adopting the moniker The Chicago Transit Authority when producer James William Guercio took them on in 1968. Fusing brass and jazz with a soulful rock and roll feel was their trademark and Guercio instinctively felt that their sound would prove successful, lobbying for his label to give them a shot.

The Chicago Transit Authority were signed to Columbia Records late that year and recorded their debut in late January. While Guercio had recently produced Blood, Sweat & Tears' second album (which proved to be a huge smash), he did so to raise capital for his band. By the end of The Chicago Transit Authority's sessions, it was clear that the album would have to be a double. Very skeptical, seeing as the band had no track record, Columbia only agreed to the concept if the group would take a royalty cut.

In their original incarnation, keyboardist Robert Lamm, guitarist Terry Kath and bassist Peter Cetera all shared lead vocals, while James Pankow, Lee Loughnane and Walter Parazaider handled all brass and woodwinds and Danny Seraphine played drums. Lamm, Kath and Pankow were the band's main composers at this juncture. Kath's prowess as a guitarist was so strong that even Jimi Hendrix became a major fan of Kath's playing. According to the album's original liner notes, the solo performance of Kath on "Free Form Guitar" was created without the use of any pedals. In a nod to Hendrix's guitar expressionism (Hendrix most notably used wah and fuzz pedals), Kath instead plugged directly into his studio amplifier and improvised the entire track in one take for the purpose of pure tone. "Free Form Guitar" is also noted as being another influence on the genre of noise music.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

