David Copperfield - Audio Drama - BBC7 via DVB-T 


10 x 56 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3


David Copperfield is a novel by Charles Dickens and is the Personal History, Adventures, Experience and Observation of David Copperfield the Younger of Blunderstone Rookery.

First published in 1850. Like all except five of his works, it originally appeared in serial form (published in monthly installments). 

Many elements within the novel follow events in Dickens' own life, and it is probably the most autobiographical of all of his novels.

In the preface to the 1867 Charles Dickens edition, he wrote, 
"… like many fond parents, I have in my heart of hearts a favourite child. And his name is David Copperfield." 
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Copperfield_(novel)



Cast:
Gary Cady 
Timothy Spall 
Sheila Hancock 
Miriam Margolyes
Phil Daniels
John Moffatt.



David Copperfield - Part 01 of 10 - I Fall Into Disgrace                    
(An idyllic childhood is shattered)

David Copperfield - Part 02 of 10 - I Begin Life On My Own Account   
(Boarding school brings both friendship and hardship)

David Copperfield - Part 03 of 10 - Betsy Trotwood                        
(David runs away in search of his only living relative)

David Copperfield - Part 04 of 10 - The Question of My Future        
(A trip to Yarmouth has unforeseen consequences)

David Copperfield - Part 05 of 10 - Good And Bad Angels              
(Is Steerforth a true friend?)

David Copperfield - Part 06 of 10 - The Beginning Of A Long Journey  
(Emily runs away with the unreliable Steerforth)

David Copperfield - Part 07 of 10 - Wickfield And Heep               
(David takes a job with his old headmaster, Dr Strong)

David Copperfield - Part 08 of 10 - Mischief                         
(Is Dora capable of being a poor man's wife?)

David Copperfield - Part 09 of 10 - My Beloved Dora                  
(Uriah Heep's villainy is finally uncovered. )

David Copperfield - Part 10 of 10 - I Have Loved You All My Life     
(Dora has died and David contemplates his future.)



This torrent was ripped from the audio torrent site - radioarchive.cc - Registration is FREE!!


Enjoy and Seed!!