Kid Rock - Kid Rock (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s
# of Discs 1 with 18 files

Category  Rock/Pop Albums, Hard Rock CDs, Southern Rock, Rock 
Label  Atlantic 
Orig Year  2007 
All Time Sales Rank    602   
CD Universe Part number  7491165 
Catalog number  290556 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Oct 09, 2007 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Kid Rock; Rob Cavallo; Mike E. Clark; Kid Rock; Rob Cavallo 
Engineer  Kid Rock; Rob Cavallo; Al Sutton; Mike E. Clark 
Recording Time  57 minutes 
Personnel  Pamela Sixfin
Jim Grosjean
Anthony Lamarchina
Anthony LaMarchina
Carl Gorodetzky
Alan Umstead
Connie Ellisor
Carole Rabinowitz-Neuen - strings
Catherine Umstead
Karen Winkelmann
 


Once the straight country-rock of his single "Cocky" struck a chord with the public, Kid Rock seemed more interested in filling the shoes of Southern rock pioneers Lynyrd Skynyrd than upholding his throne as hip-hop's white trash punk. His 2007 album ROCK N ROLL JESUS completes that transition. A big album that bowls straight up the middle, ROCK N ROLL JESUS is Kid's homage to the grits and gravy of classic rock, a 21st-century update of FM radio fare from the 1970s.

Gone for most part is his hip-hop posturing and in-your-face putdowns; in their place are invocations of Skynyrd, Bob Seger, Steve Miller, and the like. "All Summer Long," a bouncy, sunny tune that bears a striking resemblance to "Sweet Home Alabama," is a case in point; while "Roll On" has the smooth-rolling feel of the Eagles' early work. Rock cuts loose, to be sure, as on the head-banging "So Hott," but even these tracks are injected with a retro feel, summoning classic AC/DC more than anything from the '00's. Longtime Rock fans might miss the bad attitude, but fans of classic '70s rock should feel right at home.

Rock & Roll Jesus CD 

Recording information: Blackbird Studios, Nashville, TN; East Iris Studios, Nashville, TN; The Allen Roadhouse.

Author: Kid Rock.

Photographer: Clay Patrick McBride.

Unknown Contributor Roles: Paul T. Kwami; Wesley Trigg.

Personnel: Kid Rock (guitar, acoustic guitar, lap steel guitar, banjo, piano, Moog synthesizer, talk box, drums, percussion, programming); Marlon Young (vocals, guitar, acoustic guitar, 12-string guitar, lap steel guitar, mandolin); Al Sutton (vocals); Kenny Tudrick (guitar, drums); Jason Krause, Bobby East (guitar); Jimmie Bones (harp, piano, keyboards, background vocals); Connie Ellisor, Karen Winkelmann, Eberhard Ramm, Bettie Ross, Jim Grosjean, Anthony LaMarchina, Carl Gorodetzky, Pamela Sixfin, Alan Umstead, Catherine Umstead, Gary VanOsdale, Carole Rabinowitz-Neuen (strings); Rayse Biggs (trumpet, horns); Tim Akers (piano); Lawrence Fratangelo (drums, congas, timbales); Stefanie Eulinberg (drums, background vocals); Aaron Julison, Andre N. Jones, Barbara Payton, Karen Newman, Laura Creamer, Sylver Logan Sharp, Thornetta Davis (background vocals).

Audio Mixers: Kid Rock; Rob Cavallo; Al Sutton.

Kid Rock 

Rolling Stone (p.720) - 4 stars out of 5 -- "[H]is good-hearted faith in rock & roll delivers a powerful kick....[With] roaring guitars, truckloads of attitude and an unquenchable lust for life..."
Entertainment Weekly (p.73) - "The title track is a nondenominational, AC/DC-style tribute to Rock's rockingness." -- Grade: B
Uncut (p.98) - 3 stars out of 5 -- "[T]he reflective moments are best, notably the infectious 'All Summer Long', which melds Warren Zevon's 'Werewolves Of London' with 'Sweet Home Alabama'..."
Mojo (Publisher) (p.98) - 3 stars out of 5 -- "Rock once again draws on his Michigan roots but this time crosses the tracks and tips his Fedora to Bob Seger and Motown..."


 1. Rock N Roll Jesus  
 2. Amen  
 3. All Summer Long    
 4. Roll On    
 5. So Hott    
 6. Sugar    
 7. When U Love Someone  
 8. New Orleans    
 9. Don't Tell Me U Love Me  
 10. Blue Jeans and a Rosary  
 11. Half Your Age - (bonus track)    
 12. Lowlife (Living the Highlife) 

 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce