Mystery of the Missing Amulet Disc 1

This is Disc 1 of a 2 disc set.. you also need to DL The Clue Finders Reading Aventures Disc 2 Personalized Learning Center.  Link to that Torrent is in comments section.

The ClueFinders are transported across the galaxy to rescue a dying planet from the grasp of the sorceress Malicia in this reading adventure.

The ClueFinders are transported across the galaxy to rescue a dying planet from the grasp of the sorceress Malicia in this reading adventure. Travel from crystal caverns to mystic mountains to the top of Mount Valdrok. Explore and decipher suspicious objects. Investigate mysterious caverns to find the missing amulet. It's up to you and The ClueFinders to uncover the planet's secrets and collect useful clues to unlock the mystery. But beware—not all is as it appears!

The mystery solving doesn't stop when you leave the computer! Customized workbooks and 50 printable activities travel with you in the car, in the bus—wherever you are. And you'll know which areas deserve praise or need improvement with the progress reports.

Unique A.D.A.P.T. Learning Technology
Learning is a journey, and each child learns at a different pace and has a unique set of abilities. The ClueFinders A.D.A.P.T. Learning Technology constantly monitors your child's abilities, develops skills, adjusts difficulty levels, provides help and tracks progress. Always challenging and rewarding, A.D.A.P.T. is the most effective way to build skills, confidence and a life-long love of learning!


EDUCATIONAL FEATURES:

Master 25 Essential Reading Skills
Children ages 9-12 build reading comprehension, spelling, grammar, vocabulary, and critical thinking skills while searching for clues to save the planet from destruction. Prove you're worthy of the cryptic clues by learning:

Reading Comprehension
Carefully read the ancient stories to free the Sorrens trapped in stone.

Spelling
Use knowledge of common spelling patterns to unlock the gates of Mount Valdrok.

Grammar
Guide the stones into the correct columns to gain clues.

Critical Thinking
Catch the precious lava rock with the analogy that doesn't belong.


PRODUCT FEATURES:

* 10 language arts activities (only 8 are available in practice mode)
* Games are combinations of arcade and thinking skills, with the emphasis on thinking
* Practice mode for just the activities
* 2nd CD included that provides personalized workbooks, with around 50 printable activity sheets total
* 2nd CD also allows the progress of multiple users to be tracked on any program that has the A.D.A.P.T. system
* A.D.A.P.T. leveling system that's a step above the previous leveling techniques 

Minimum System Requirements   Windows 95/98/2000/Me/XP (Vista and 7 - as tested by Children's Software Online)
Macintosh System 7.1 - 9.1