Peter Jackson's King Kong for the Ps2                             Rel. 11/17/2005


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English, French, Spanish
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Action
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
         
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
         
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
        
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Tayio yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.



Game Description:

Jack Driscoll, scriptwriter, follows director Carl Dernham and actress Ann Darrow to Skull Island where Dernham intends to film his next movie. But primeval creatures await them: giant insects, dinosaurs, and King Kong. Based on Peter Jackson's 2005 remake, King Kong lets you play as Jack Driscoll and Kong himself.

Jack's levels are HUDless FPS levels set on Skull Island. Jack must use a variety of weapons, traps, and fire to kill or repel Skull Island's fauna. Kong's levels are third-person brawlers set on Skull Island and New York City, where Kong must puzzle his way through environmental obstacles and thrash his opponents.


Features:

* Unprecedented Alternating Gameplay: Battle for survival on Skull Island in first-
  person as Jack Driscoll AND experience the staggering power of King Kong in 
  third-person taking on massive beasts. 

* Cinematic Quality: By integrating Weta assets directly into the game engine, and
  taking a true cinematic approach, from both a visual and audio perspective,
  players are thrust directly onto the Skull Island where the dark jungles, over-
  sized environment and lurking danger become reality. 

* Cooperate with Your Expedition Team: 
  Each team member plays a crucial role and complements each other with valuable
  skills and abilities. The player relies on them and vice-versa to succeed. The 
  unique resource management system keeps the action seamless and plausible while 
  keeping items, weapons and assets readily available. 

* The Power of King Kong: King Kong is one of the most powerful of all the 
  creatures on Skull Island and players will learn first-hand what it means to be 
  feared, respected and dominant. Kong will use both his agility and his raw, 
  brute strength by any means necessary to battle enemies and navigate though the 
  perils of Skull Island. 

* Experience All Key Movie Moments and More: Journey through the explosive action 
  of all the key movie moments, as Jack and Kong, and even explore the beautifully-
  rendered mysterious jungle environments not seen in the film. 

* Engage in Climactic Battles: Intense and unbelievable battles with all creatures 
  featured in the film challenge players’ nerves and skills in fighting the savage 
  beasts created by Weta – some of which are exclusive to the game. 

* Film Cast Likeness and Voice: Full immersion into the dynamic King Kong universe 
  realized via inclusion of film cast member’s likenesses and voice-over.
 

Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media
isn't working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!