GAMER 2009 DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 01:34:50
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Gerard Butler
Michael C. Hall
Amber Valletta
Logan Lerman
Terry Crews
with Ludacris
and Kyra Sedgwick

PLOT

In 2034, mind-control technology has taken society by storm. Ken Castle (Michael C. Hall) has revolutionized the gaming industry with his invention of self-replicating nanites. The nanites colonize in the brain, gradually taking over the existing brain cells and allowing full control of all motor functions by a third party. The first off-shoot of this technology was Society, an online community in which gamers pay to control a real person in a pseudo community, much like current simulated worlds such as Second Life. Those who work as characters in Society are paid for their participation, unlike Castle's latest creation, Slayers. A multiplayer, first-person shooter game, Slayers allows gamers to control death row prisoners in mass-scale death matches. Any inmate who lives through 30 matches wins his freedom. Simon, a 17-year old trust fund baby (Logan Lerman), controls Kable (Gerard Butler), the online champion of the game, having won 27 matches and lived through them all. Slayers and Society are hugely popular, making Castle the richest man in America within a matter of weeks. However, Castle's organization is the target of a activist group called Humanz, who claim the nanite technology has a more ominous purpose. When a virus hacks into the video mainstreams broadcasting a message from the elusive rebel group, Simon is offered the chance to communicate with Kable while in-game, which is not allowed. After a stranger gives Kable a warning that the game's mastermind plans to kill him, Kable asks Simon to relinquish control and uses the opportunity to escape.

Kable is taken to the rebels' leader (Ludacris) who explains that the mind control technology used on Kable and the other Slayers can potentially be used without discretion on anyone, leading to the extinction of independent thought. He also gives Kable directions to where he can break his wife out of Society, where she has been working as a character since his incarceration. Kable arrives, and, after a brief shootout with security, manages to escape with his wife. While the rebels attempt to deactivate the cells from his wife's mind that make the mind control possible, Kable is taken into another room. The leader reveals that Kable was once a soldier, working on a future cellular control project. His friend was the first to receive the cell transplant. However, Castle decided to discover the true limits of the mind control and force Kable to kill his friend, leading to his conviction for first-degree murder and subsequent death row sentence.

Some four years later, the game Slayers came out, with Kable as one of the leading stars. Kable is then informed that his daughter has been placed with a foster family...Castle himself. Kable infiltrates Castles' mansion, but is confronted by Castle who is singing and dancing to music, all the while forcing other death row inmates to dance along with him. After a brief fight between Kable and the inmates, Castle leads him into a room with a large basketball court. Castle reveals that he also received the transplant, however, the cellular structure in him allows him to control anyone else who has the cells. This is proven when, having obtained a knife, Kable attempts to kill Castle only to find himself frozen still. Castle then savagely beats Kable and brings in his wife and daughter. Meanwhile, rebel members manage to broadcast their confrontation all over the world. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034032/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS