Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Love on the Inside is the third album by the American country music duo Sugarland, released in 2008 on Mercury Nashville Records. It was first released on July 22, 2008 as a Deluxe Fan Edition, including four bonus tracks, with the regular edition following one week later. The album has produced three chart singles in "All I Want to Do", "Already Gone" and "It Happens", all Number One hits on the Billboard country singles charts. It is also the first album of the duo's career to reach Number One on Top Country Albums and The Billboard Top 200.

On October 2, 2009, the music video for "Keep You" premiered on CMT and CMT.com. It serves as the fifth single from their current release.

Sugarland is a Grammy Award-winning American country music duo composed of singer–songwriters Jennifer Nettles (lead vocals) and Kristian Bush (background vocals, lead vocals, mandolin, acoustic guitar, and harmonica).

The duo was founded in 2003 by Bush and Kristen Hall (acoustic guitar, background vocals), and became a trio when Jennifer Nettles was brought in as lead singer. Before joining Sugarland, Nettles fronted the Jennifer Nettles Band, and Hall had achieved success as a solo artist and songwriter. Bush's earlier musical career included being half of the duo Billy Pilgrim (along with Andrew Hyra), recording for Atlantic Records in the 1990s.

Signed to Mercury Nashville Records in 2004, Sugarland broke through that year with the release of their debut single "Baby Girl", the first single from their multi-platinum debut album Twice the Speed of Life. The trio became a duo in 2006, when they also released their second album, Enjoy the Ride. This album produced their first two #1 singles (in the U.S.), "Want To" and "Settlin'", and won the duo a Grammy for "Stay". In 2008 they released their third album, titled Love on the Inside. This album produced three more #1 singles with "All I Want to Do", "Already Gone", and "It Happens". Other singles released from this album include "Joey", and "Keep You".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

