Daniel Pinchbeck - Our Entry Into Galactic Civilization.avi

Duration: 1:42:25
Audio: 64kbps
Dimensions: 640x480
Size: 336mb

[img=http://i971.photobucket.com/albums/ae194/geogaddi00/DanielPinchbeck-1.png]

Daniel Pinchbeck (born June 15, 1966) is an author and advocate of the use of psychedelic substances such as LSD, Psilocybin mushrooms and peyote for enriching people's intellectual, psychological and spiritual beliefs through the psychedelic experience. He is the son of painter Peter Pinchbeck and writer Joyce Johnson.

He is the author of Breaking Open the Head: A Psychedelic Journey into the Heart of Contemporary Shamanism and 2012: The Return of Quetzalcoatl.

In Breaking Open the Head, Pinchbeck explored shamanism via ceremonies with tribal groups such as the Bwiti of Gabon, who eat iboga, and the Secoya people in the Ecuadorean Amazon, who take ayahuasca in their ceremonies. He also attended the Burning Man festival in Nevada, and looked at use of psychedelic substances in a de-sacralized modern context. Through his direct experiences and research, and philosophically influenced by the work of anthroposophist Rudolf Steiner[1] he became convinced that the shamanic and mystical view of reality had validity, and that the modern world had forfeited an understanding of intuitive aspects of being in its pursuit of rational materialism.

Drawing heavily upon contributions to the Breaking Open the Head websites forum, Pinchbeck's second book, 2012: The Return of Quetzalcoatl, examines prophecy through personal and philosophical approaches, and offers the hypothesis that humanity is experiencing an accelerated process of global consciousness transformation, leading to a new realization of time and space during this period. In 2012, he also examines the psi or extra-sensory perception research of Dean Radin, the theories of Graham Hancock, his own encounters with crop circles, a visit to calendar reform advocate José Argüelles, and his direct reception of prophetic material: the voice of the Mesoamerican deity Quetzalcoatl, began speaking to him during a 2004 trip to the Amazon in Brazil. At the time, he was participating in a ceremony of the Santo Daime, a Brazilian religion that uses the psychedelic brew ayahuasca as its sacrament. Through its references to 2012 and the Maya calendar in the context of New Age beliefs, Pinchbeck's book has contributed to Mayanism. The book also details his acts of infidelity and his interest in polyamory.

Pinchbeck's feature articles have appeared in various periodicals. A founding editor of Open City, a literary journal, in March, 2007 he launched a new Internet-based magazine, Reality Sandwich, claiming to offer "a new paradigm for a planetary culture." He is the executive producer of PostModernTimes, a series of web videos presented on the iClips Network. In 2005 he co-founded The Evolver Project, with the plan to create a membership organization supporting sustainable commerce. Although Pinchbeck is no longer connected to it, a part of this project can be seen at evo.net

Reality Sandwich: http://www.realitysandwich.com/ A website Pinchbeck jointly owns, moderates and writes for.
 
http://www.realitysandwich.com/esm/join-evolver-social-movement-esm

(The Prophets Conference DVDs and CDs available here: http://greatmystery.org/dvd.html