Tools to Fix An Infected Computer 12in1 . The collection includes: 
http://bayimg.com/EAAAnAADL

1. Autoruns fix
2. Freecommander
3. Process Explorer
4. Promast
5. Run
6. Runscanner
7. Gs
8. isreset
9. regalyz
10. Tasklist
11. Combo fix
12. Task manager fix



                                 
Upload By vokeon

I am not responsible for the performance or the behavier of this 
backup nor its effect on your computer as I have legally obtained 
this product and backed up for testing purposes ONLY. 
Don't complain about my releases as I'm not the original releaser.

If you like the software and want to use it - you must buy it
and contribute to the effort & time spend in the making of it.




Special Notes:

On some antivirus scan, releases packages can reveal "Type_Win32" or "Trojan_Type" virus ...                 
Don't be stupid ! It's not a virus or anything else like that.
Just some packers/cryptors which have same binary signature.                                                   
But some crackhost can modify or add malicious things on releases (like "crack.exe"), so please take care.


Virus Disclaimer

All customers are advised to take all necessary steps to ensure that their computer has a active, working Anti-Virus Program . No responsibility can be accepted by Final Communications for any loss or damage sustained as a consequence of any virus transmission .


ATTENTION!

There are some people out there who trying to lure users with games/Programs, including our releases.

They can re-upload release with imbedded trojan that steals your passwords for internet sites and services.

Such Trojans are difficult to detect and they are active only a few seconds after launch,
so you won't find them after that.

Currently you may find such infected releases at some sites/forums,
and we are afraid that there will be more of them in future, so be careful!

We advise you to trust only your good friends who may re-upload releases.
And of course, you may safely use our releases if you download them from original sources and authors.

Read the information and remember that we are not responsible for releases which you got not from us.




!!! WARNING-WARNING-WARNING.

These files are for experimental and educational purposes only.
Watching pay television without an official viewing card is illegal.
Using unregistered programs is also illegal.
The creator of this file cannot be held responsible for the actions of the user!
only for experimental purpose !!!


Thanks & enjoy :)

