Sony Vegas Pro 9.0abc x32bit NEWEST+Keygen

Newest version, includes updated keygen, version 1.7 (which adds support for Vegas Movie Studio HD 9.0)

The Vegas Pro 9 collection integrates two powerful applications that work seamlessly together to provide an efficient and intuitive environment for video and broadcast professionals. This comprehensive suite offers the most robust and progressive platform available for content creation and production. With broad format support, superior effects processing, unparalleled audio support, and a full complement of editorial tools, the Vegas Pro 9 collection streamlines your workflow. From acquisition to delivery, from camera to Blu-ray Disc™, the Vegas Pro 9 collection delivers exactly what you need to produce outstanding results.

Precise Editing Tools
Edit SD or HD video with drag-and-drop functionality, mouse and keyboard trimming, and ripple editing. Features include ProType Titling technology, multicamera editing tools, 32-bit floating point video processing, customizable window layouts, color-coded snapping, improved HDV/SDI/XDCAM support, Cinescore plug-in support, A/V synchronization detection and repair, and auto-frame quantization. More about video editing

Efficient, Professional Workflow for 32- and 64-bit systems
The Vegas Pro 9 interface provides a fully customizable workspace for accomplishing a wide range of production requirements. Dock multiple windows across multiple monitors, and save your layouts to fit specific editing tasks; nest Vegas projects within the timeline, customize and save keyboard commands, and use application scripting to automate repetitive tasks. System-wide media management produces maximum efficiency. Network rendering saves time by using multiple computers and networked drive arrays to render complex projects. Vegas Pro software also supports 24p, HD and HDV editing. More about the Vegas Pro workflow

Broad Format Support
Vegas Pro 9 software natively supports the newest professional camcorder formats including XDCAM EX and RED. Vegas Pro 9 software also includes support for still images greater than one gigapixel in resolution. Use Pan and Scan to create a stunning movie sequence from these large pictures while maintain HD resolution. More about the Vegas Pro Capture and Import

Superior Audio Control
Use unlimited tracks, 24-bit/192 kHz audio, punch-in recording, 5.1 surround mixing, effects automation, and time compress/expand. Apply customizable, real time audio effects like EQ, Reverb, Delay, and more. Expand your audio processing and mixing options with supported third-party DirectX® and VST audio plug-ins. Use the Mixing Console for precise audio control. More about audio production

Powerful Blu-ray Disc Authoring
Burn movies to Blu-ray Disc™ directly from the Vegas Pro timeline for high-definition delivery. Use DVD Architect Pro software (included with the Vegas Pro collection) to author DVDs or Blu-ray Disc media with multiple video angles, subtitles, multiple languages, and special features. Preview and test your work in real time. Apply Brightness and Contrast, Auto Levels, Crop, and Anti-Flicker filters. Set CSS and Macrovision® copy-protection flags for masters. More about Blu-ray Disc authoring

Interactive Tutorials
Vegas Pro 9 software has a comprehensive help system, as well as detailed interactive tutorials that provide walk-through demonstrations of common features and functionality. These tutorials provide an easy step-by-step method of learning the product and the workflow necessary to complete most common tasks.

Instructions:
Extract after downloading, read the README file
IMPORTANT NOTE: For Vista/Windows 7 users, run the keygen and the installation as an Administrator user.
Even if you're on an Administrator account, you have to run the program and keygen as an Administrator. How? By right clicking on the said program, click "Run as.." or "Run as administrator" in Windows 7, select an Administrator account, type the password if required, click "Ok"
Please download the version that is meant for your OS, meaning Windows 64 bit should use Vegas 64 bit, same with 32 bit. There is a problem currently with the keygen not being able to register Vegas 32 bit onto a Windows 64 bit environment.
FOR EVERYONE - You must copy the activation code correctly, it is not just what you see, highlight the code to the end. There are 6 groups of 9 characters, if the activation code still fails, delete the registry keys again, re-run the program and keygen. Generate a different key and try again.
Try patching the program again if it still doesn't accept the key and re-enter the serial and activation code. The serial and activation code are in pairs, meaning you can't click generate again and use a different activation code for the previous serial.
Some common mistakes that people make are:
1. Not running the keygen and Sony installation file as an Administrator account
2. The keygen is set on default, meaning the Sony Vegas option isn't selected from the drop-down box in the keygen.
3. The keygen isn't placed in the Sony folder or isn't directed to the right directory to patch. 

For those who can't get the keygen to work, perhaps this will help:

How to make Sony keygens work
I was having problems getting the Sony products keygen to work with ACID 7.0 recently, and I noticed that when I got to the point where I was registering the product "by phone", the Machine ID shown in the keygen wasn't matching up with the Machine ID shown in the application registration program (which showed the ID to have an extra two digits, "-XX").

As I normally would when encountering a software problem, I looked around for other people's answers to people with the same problem. I did find a lot of people with the same or similar problems (apparently a lot of people are having the same problem with Sonay Vegas and the like), but I couldn't find a solution anywhere.

So, after much hassle, I came up with this solution, which amazed me in its simplicity.

I have so far only tried this on ACID, but I am sure that it would work with other Sony products assuming that that the problem is to do with the Machine ID. However I can't guarantee it. Let me know if it works for you.

So, here's what I did:


If you've already attempted to use a serial key, you'll probably have to remove it first because it won't match up. You can do this by going to Start > Run and running regedit, then navigating to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE/SOFTWARE/Sony Creative Software/ACID Pro/7.0/Licence and deleting the values for key1 and CurrentKey.

Now you are ready to follow these steps:

1. Download and install the Resource Tuner 30-day trial (sorry I can't provide a full download, but it doesn't really matter. If someone else can provide a full version that would be fantastic), available here:
[Select All] 
http://www.restuner.com/download.htm
2. Open Resource Tuner and use it to navigate to the place you installed your Sony product (I'm in C:Program FilesSonyACID Pro 7.0). From there use it to open ApplicationRegistration.exe.

3. Once you've clicked continue to get rid of the dialog box telling you to buy the product or whatever, expand the folder labelled Dialog and find the entry that has the heading "Online Registration Error - Register Over the Phone"

4 Double-click on the number of that resource in the tree view under Dialog (the one on the left - for me the one numbered 7003) to open up Resource Tuner's Resource Editor.

5. Click on the first item of the list on the left and use the arrow keys to scroll down through each item. Keep an eye on the Caption of the item.

6. When you reach one that has the caption "Computer ID:", scroll down one more. The preview image should be selecting an invisible box to the right of the Computer ID text.

7. Now look at the list just below the Caption (which should be blank for this, by the way), and uncheck the box labelled es_readonly.

8. Click OK, then Yes, then save the file. You should make a backup of the original, but I believe the program also makes a backup automatically.

9. Run your keygen, and then run your Sony product. Follow the usual steps to get to the "Register Over the Phone" dialog box. You should now be able to simply edit the Machine ID to match the one shown in your keygen.

10. Copy in your activation code, and your program should work! God damn, I was surprised when THAT happened.
