Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"One Way Ticket (Because I Can)" is a single, released in 1996, by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes. The single made her the fourth teen-aged country music act to score a Number One single on the U.S. Billboard country music charts. It is also her only Number One country hit to date.

According to one of her producers, Rimes sang the song in only one take.

Blue is the debut album by American country singer LeAnn Rimes, released in the United States on July 9, 1996 by Curb Records. It reached number three on the Billboard Hot 200 album chart, and number-one on Hot Country Albums. The album has been certified 6× Multi-Platinum by RIAA, selling 6 million in the states, and an additional 2 million copies outside the states, proving her worldwide success.

Singles released from this album include, in order of release: "Blue", "Hurt Me", "One Way Ticket (Because I Can)", and "The Light in Your Eyes". These songs all charted on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts between 1996 and 1997; "Blue" and "The Light in Your Eyes" both reached Top Ten, while "Hurt Me" fell short of Top 40. "One Way Ticket (Because I Can)" became Rimes's first (and to date, only) Number One hit on the country charts.

Margaret LeAnn Rimes, known simply as LeAnn Rimes, (born August 28, 1982) is an American singer-songwriter and actress, best known for her work in country music. She is best known for her rich vocals similar to legendary country music singer Patsy Cline, and her rise to fame at the age of 13, becoming the youngest country music star since Tanya Tucker in 1972.

Rimes made her breakthrough into country music in 1996. Her debut album, Blue, reached Number 1 on the Top Country Albums chart and was certified "multi-platinum" in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album's lead single of the same name (originally intended to be recorded by Patsy Cline in the early 1960s) became a Top 10 hit. With immediate success, Rimes attained widespread national acclaim for her similarities to Cline's vocal style. When Rimes released her sophomore studio effort in 1997, You Light up My Life: Inspirational Songs, Rimes went more towards country pop material, which would set the trend for a string of albums that would be released into the next decade. LeAnn Rimes is the youngest person to win a Grammy, and the first country singer to win the Grammy Award for Best New Artist.

Since her debut, Rimes has won many major industry awards, which include two Grammys, three ACMs, one CMA, twelve Billboard Music Awards, and one American Music award. In addition, Rimes has also released ten studio albums and four compilation albums through her record label of 13 years, Asylum-Curb, and placed over 40 singles on American and international charts since 1996. She has sold over 50 million albums worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

