THE MATRIX SOUNDTRACK [FIRST, SECOND & THIRD]

Artist...................: Various
Title....................: The Matrix Soundtrack [First, Second & Third]
Genre....................: Movie Soundtrack
Year.....................: (2000 - 2003)
Channels.................: 2 (Stereo) (Dual Channels)
Sample Rate..............: 44,1 KHz
Sample Size..............: 16 Bit 
Encoder..................: LAME 3.98
Encoder Settings.........: Variable Bit Rate -V 2 (Standard)
Covers...................: Front
Tags.....................: Proper In The Files

THE MATRIX - MUSIC FROM THE MOTION PICTURE is a compilation soundtrack released by Maverick Records which features most of main source cues from the film.  Unfortunately the soundtrack is launched by one of the more unlistenable tracks, "Rock is Dead" by Marylin Manson.  Joining this track in the not-so-hot-list would be "Bad Blood" (3) by Ministry, "Look to Your Orb for the Warning" by Monster Magnet, "My Own Personal Summer (Shove It)" by the Deftones and "Du Hast" (12) by Rammstein which tend towards the rock-roots as Manson...albeit Rammestein's track is infused with a techno-dance rhythm.  While helping to keep the sound of The Matrix edgy, these tracks are rugged, but not so "cool."  Oddly enough none of these songs are used in any significant scenes of the film, if at all.  Following the Rage Against the Machine's unmistakable sound in "Wake Up" (13), "Rock is Dead" does manage to make its way to play over the end credits.

THE MATRIX RELOADED hardly rests on the laurels of its predecessor and that goes for the music as well. Visually, the movie sets new standards of computer graphic effects, and this time, musically, the Wachowski's wanted to synthesize the orchestral work of Don Davis with the "kinetic-coolness" that can be found in the genre of electronica. After listening to, a disappointing solo attempt by Don Davis at just such a synthesis, namely the original score for BALLISTIC: ECKS VS. SEVER, I believe the Brothers Wachowski, Jason Bentley et al, made a wise choice in selecting both Rob Dougan and Juno Reactor to provide the synthesized-side of this fusion.

After a short six-month wait, the trilogy culminates with The Matrix Revolutions, where composer Don Davis is given the lion's share of the musical load. By the time we reach the third film, the Wachowski's have brought us to a place where the amount of screen time spent in the virtual reality of the Matrix is at a minimum. Thus the opportunities for hip, electronica source music, used to musically define the Matrix and the superhero-like abilities it affords the central characters, have disappeared. In their place we hear the collaborative efforts of Don Davis and Juno Reactor again, but moreover we have composer Don Davis' powerful solo compositions. That said, due credit must be given to both Erik Lundborg and Conrad Pope for their stellar work spanning not only Revolutions, but Reloaded, Enter the Matrix and The Animatrix. In the end, the overall tone of The Matrix Revolutions is much more serious than its predecessors. Revolutions gives Don Davis plenty of opportunity to let the orchestra rip and, for the first time, the respective soundtrack release is dominated by his music.
The Matrix Revolutions can be principally broken down into two parts: the aforementioned "technorchestral" score, and Don Davis' most lyrical, orchestral music of the trilogy. After the traditional, orchestral Main Title sequence by Davis, we have two collaborative tracks with Juno Reactor: "The Trainman Cometh" (2) and "Tetsujin" (3). In "The Trainman Cometh" we hear Davis subtly re-introducing the Neo/Trinity Love Theme before returning to the combative orchestra versus electronic collaboration with Juno Reactor. Juno Reactor's primary contribution to both tracks is along the avenue of synthesized rhythms, bass drops, and percussive instruments. 

Albums:

2000 - The Matrix
2003 - The Matrix Reloaded
2003 - The Matrix Revolutions

Tracks:

The Matrix

01  Marilyn Manson - Rock Is Dead
02  Propellerheads - Spybreak
03  Ministry - Bad Blood
04  Rob D - Clubbed To Death [Kurayamino Mix]
05  Meat Beat Manifesto - Prime Audio Soup
06  Lunatic Calm - Leave You Far Behind
07  Prodigy - Mindfields
08  Rob Zombie - Dragula [Hot Rod Herman Remix]
09  Deftones - My Own Summer [Shove It]
10  Hive - Ultrasonic Sound
11  Monster Magnet - Look To Your Orb For The Warning
12  Rammstein - Du Hast
13  Rage Against The Machine - Wake Up

The Matrix Reloaded

101  Linkin Park - Session
102  Marilyn Manson - This Is The New Shit
103  Rob Zombie - Reload
104  Rob Dougan - Furious Angels
105  Deftones - Lucky You
106  Team Sleep - The Passportal
107  P.O.D - Sleeping Awake
108  Ünloco - Bruises
109  Rage Against The Machine - Calm Like A Bomb
110  Paul Oakenfold - Dread Rock
111  Fluke - Zion
112  Dave Matthews Band - When The World Ends
201  Don Davis - Main Title
202  Don Davis - Trinity Dream
203  Juno Reactor - Wgocoo Teahouse
204  Rob Dougan - Chateau
205  Juno Reactor Vs. Don Davis - Mona Lisa Overdrive
206  Juno Reactor Vs. Don Davis - Burly Brawl
207  Don Davis - Matrix Reloaded Suite

The Matrix Revolutions

01  Don Davis - The Matrix Revolutions Main Title
02  Juno Reactor & Don Davis - The Trainman Cometh
03  Juno Reactor & Don Davis - Tetsujin
04  Pale 3 - In My Head
05  Don Davis - The Road To Sourceville
06  Don Davis - Men In Metal
07  Don Davis - Niobe's Run
08  Don Davis - Woman Can Drive
09  Don Davis - Moribund Mifune
10  Don Davis - Kidfriend
11  Don Davis - Saw Bitch Workhorse
12  Don Davis - Trinity Definitely
13  Don Davis - Neo
14  Don Davis - Why, Mr. Anderson
15  Don Davis - Spirit Of The Universe
16  Juno Reactor Vs. Don Davis - Navras

Enjoy, SvC