Film Title: Equality U
Release: June 1, 2010
Genre: Documentary / Civil Rights
Length: 90 minutes

Video Format: XVID / AVI - DVDRIP
File Size: 698mb
Frame Rate: 29fps
Size: 608 x 352
Audio: 2ch AC3 105k
Original Format: NTSC


GAYS CONFRONT THE CHRISTIANS!  
Ever wanted to watch gay people get arrested by Jerry Falwell's minions?  Watch gay youth protest, get arrested, and stand for their rights in this film about social activism.  This documentary follows a busload of young lgbt activists who travel the country confronting anti-gay religious schools and also military academies.  It is interesting and captivating-- a MUST SEE!  (This is a
very unique documentary, and a first on bittorrent.)   


AS ALWAYS, IF YOU LIKE THIS FILM, SUPPORT ITS MAKERS BY BUYING IT!!!  (ESPECIALLY SINCE IT IS INDEPENDENTLY PRODUCED!)   
http://shop.cinevolvestudios.com/Equality-U-CS1032.htm
  


Website: http://www.equalityu.com
More Info: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equality_ride
DVD Jacket Image: http://shop.cinevolvestudios.com/images/Equality%20U%203D%20DVD%20Art.jpg



Synopsis: (From Film Website) 
Equality U is a feature-length documentary following a group of 33 young activists on the Soulforce Equality Ride, a first of its kind, two-month, cross-country tour to confront antigay discrimination policies at 19 conservative religious and military colleges. It is a human story of a group of young people struggling to stand up for what they believe is right. Against the backdrop of the Equality Ride, the film focuses on seven of the Equality Riders and two courageous students they encounter along their journey. The Riders, led by Jacob Reitan (23) and Haven Herrin (23), must come to terms with their new role as young activists, deal with internal conflict within the group, and face the daily onslaught from administrators that don't want them on their campuses. And while most of the young Riders identify as Christian, not all of them do so in the same way, if at all. 


At each stop, the Riders exercise relentless non-violent resistance and often face arrest for trespassing. They must confront the controversial question: "Do schools ultimately have the right to decide who does and doesn't belong?" But even in the most seemingly unwelcoming campuses, the Riders find straight students who are interested in a dialogue.


Can this small group of activists sow the seeds of dialogue as their bus rolls down the highway? How will the road change them? For the Riders that identify as both Queer and Christian, how will the journey challenge or transform their faith? And what happens to the outed gay students they encounter and then leave behind?


Incorporating footage, interviews, and personal video journals recorded by the six central Riders themselves, Equality U focuses on the personal stories of our lead characters and the journeys they take during this foray into activism.  The story comes through their eyes. They make mistakes and they have conflict with the outside world and amongst themselves. Equality U looks closely at their personal struggles over the course of the entire tour, allowing us an intimate portrait of a group of young people on the forefront of social change.