Title: La Nana aka The Maid
Year: 2009 
Country: Chile
Language: Spanish
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Comedy / Drama
Runtime: 95 min
Resolution: 720 X 416
Bitrates: 448kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
IMDB Rating: 7.9/10 (476 votes) 
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1187044/
Directed by: Sebastián Silva
Starring: Catalina Saavedra ...  Raquel (La Nana)
 Claudia Celedón ...  Pilar 
 Alejandro Goic ...  Mundo 
 Andrea García-Huidobro ...  Camila 
 Mariana Loyola ...  Lucy 
 Agustín Silva ...  Lucas 
 Darok Orellana ...  Tomás 
 Sebastián La Rivera ...  Gabriel 
 Mercedes Villanueva ...  Mercedes 
 Anita Reeves ...  Sonia 
 Delfina Guzmán ...  Abuela 
 Luis Dubó ...  Eric 
 Luis Muñoz ...  Raúl 
 Andreína Olivarí ...  Javiera 
 Gloria Canales ...  Mamá de Lucy 

Synopis: The story of how a maid called Raquel, who has worked for over 20 years in one affluent Chilean household, rediscovers herself. La Nana is an intelligent microcosm of Latin social hierarchy while also focusing on one woman's journey to free herself from a mental servitude of her own making. (IMDB)

This movie was nominated for Golden Globe 2010 and has another 10 wins & 5 nominations, including the Grand Jury Prize and Best Actress Prize in the Sundance Film Festival 2009, and Prix du Public Festival Paris Cinéma 2009.


Subtitle in Brazilian Portuguese for this movie; THE FIRST SUBTITLE IN THE NET: 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/pt/subtitles/3611294/la-nana-pb 


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can't without you. 


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ	
