Iron Maiden
Teatro Monumental
Santiago, Chile
August 29, 1996
Ultimate Edition - From TV station master, with menu's and chapters.

Video:
MPEG-2
8115 kbps
29.970 fps
704x480
NTSC 4:3
DVD1: 62 minutes
DVD2: 54 minutes

Audio:
MPEG-1 Layer 2
48,000
384 kbps CBR
Stereo

DVD One:

Man On The Edge
Wrathchild
Heaven Can Wait
Lord of the Flies
Fortunes of War
Blood on the World's Hand
Afraid to Shoot Strangers
The Evil That Men Do
The Aftermath
Sign of the Cross

DVD Two:

2 Minutes To Midnight
Sanctuary
Fear of The Dark
The Clairvoyant
Iron Maiden
The Number Of The Beast
Hallowed be thy Name
The Trooper
Running Free

This is called the Ultimate Edition for a reason, the quality is that good. Yes, that good! This is the one where Blaze throws a temper tantrum when Steve Harris gets spit on by an audience member (they were probably aiming for Blaze, to tell you the truth) Blaze manages to finish the song (The Trooper) but you can hear the rage building in his voice. Nicko goes into Running Free but quickly stops as Blaze comes unglued on this guy. Security is poor at best to respond quickly. Blaze invites the audience to kill him many many times. This event is also relived on the Bloopers of the Beast Volume 2 DVD. This is the must-have version, you can toss out that single DVD version that circulated some time ago. I already have created a DVD9 of this concert for my own personal use, I hate changing out the discs.........lazy.

The artwork included is from the single DVD version, which is version 1 at www.ead666.com. I don't know if artwork exists for this particular version. Perhaps someone will create a fancy one and include it in the posts section? Hint, Hint. I have included the screenshots that I got from EAD666.com, they aren't snapped by me. I will create posts with those same caps for you all to see. But don't bother, just grab the .torrent file and get on board. It will take some time as the whole project is 8 GB, but you will be glad you did. Please seed until you bleed to even back out your ratio. Please, I invite you to be more community minded and think of the late comers who wants this in 3 months. Thank You. Spread Freely to all corners of mother Earth. Never Sell, share willingly and all that.