YOU KNOW HOW DIFFICULT IT IS TO PRINT MP3 LIST IN A FOLDER. THIS ULTILITY WILL DO IT 


Adds file list feature to Windows Explorer
Using Windows Explorer, printing a list of files is hard work. In fact, it's almost impossible. PrintFolder Pro is a fast and efficient utility that lets you print a list of files located in any folder - and in any number of subfolders. 

Easy to use and highly configurable
Beyond being extremely easy to use, you can customize file lists to fit your own preferences. List filenames only, or include file size, date, time, path, extension, attributes, created date and time, accessed date and time. You can format your output as text, HTML or delimited list. 

Among the other options are: 

List folder names only 
DOS-like directory-listing 
List the contents of archive files (including all popular formats) 
Treeview list 
Extract information from popular file formats
PrintFolder Pro includes special support for MP3-files, imagefiles and other popular file formats. You can use our popular AutoComments-function to extract descriptions from several file formats. Use this choice for folders containing different kinds of files. 

If you are making a list of image-files, you can include the IPTC information of your choice. And if you are making a list of MP3-files, you can include the the ID3-tags of your choice. 

Tailor your output
You can tailor the output by editing a pattern field in one of three ways: 

1) select a standard pattern from the dropdown list
2) edit the pattern field directly
3) use checkboxes to select information to include


.. or a combination of the three. When using the checkboxes, information is added to the pattern in the order you check them. 

And several more features ...
Print or save a list of files located in any folder 
Customize file lists to fit your preferences 
Print headers, footers, page numbers, etc. 
Select sort criteria and sort order 
Edit file lists before printing 
Print preview 
Easy operation through Explorer pop-up menu 
List files in subfolders 
..and more! 
What's new in PrintFolder Pro 3.3?
Tested with Windows Vista 
New help file format 
Minor changes 
