PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: A4974B16281E8BE8D845BB8F7168E0F7CD3DBA01
File Size: 3.75 GB
Label: Sire / Maverick / Warner Bros. / Live Nation Artists




Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent: 


•	Madonna 1983 W2 23867 / 539890T *
•	Like a Virgin 1984 7599 25181-2 (not my rip)
•	True Blue 1986 W2 25442 / 547414T *
•	Like a Prayer 1989 W2 25844 *
•	Erotica 1992 (not my rip)
•	Bedtime Stories 1994 W2 45767 *
•	Ray of Light 1998 CDW 46847 *
•	Music 2000 CDW 47598 *
•	American Life 2003 9362 – 48439 – 2 *
•	Confessions on a Dance Floor 2005 CDW 49460 *
•	Hard Candy 2008 2- 421372 *



* Denotes my rip




These are all my rips except for Erotica & Like a Virgin. I opted to use Demonoid member’s Wishyouwerehere original german pressing for Like a Virgin instead of my butchered…errr… 2001 remastered version of Like a Virgin. So thank you Wishyouwerehere! Also, thanks to Demonoid member bigsimonwilde for his upload of Erotica. 





Please help seed these FLACs! 







From Wiki:


Madonna (born Madonna Louise Ciccone; August 16, 1958) is an American recording artist, actress and entrepreneur. Born in Bay City, Michigan, and raised in Rochester Hills, Michigan, she moved to New York City in 1977, for a career in modern dance. After performing as a member of the pop musical groups Breakfast Club and Emmy, she released her self-titled debut album, Madonna, in 1983 on Sire Records.

A series of hit singles from her next studio albums, Like a Virgin (1984) and True Blue (1986), gained her global recognition. They established her as a pop icon, for pushing the boundaries of lyrical content in mainstream popular music and imagery in her music videos, which became a fixture on MTV. Her recognition was augmented by the film Desperately Seeking Susan (1985) which widely became seen as a Madonna vehicle, despite her not playing the lead. Expanding on the use of religious imagery with Like a Prayer (1989), Madonna received positive critical reception for her diverse musical productions, while at the same time was criticised by religious conservatives and the Vatican. In 1992, Madonna founded the Maverick corporation, a joint venture between herself and Time Warner. The same year, she expanded the use of sexually explicit material in her work, beginning with the release of the studio album Erotica, followed by the publishing of the coffee table book Sex, and starring in the erotic thriller Body of Evidence, all of which received negative responses from conservatives and liberals alike.

In 1996, Madonna played the starring role in the film Evita, for which she won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. Madonna's seventh studio album, Ray of Light (1998), became one of her most critically acclaimed, recognized for its lyrical depth. During the 2000s, Madonna released four studio albums – namely Music (2000), American Life (2003), Confessions on a Dance Floor (2005) and Hard Candy (2008) – all of which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. Departing from Warner Bros. Records, Madonna signed an unprecedented $120 million dollar contract with Live Nation in 2008.

According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, Madonna has sold more than 200 million albums worldwide.[1] She is ranked by the Recording Industry Association of America as the best-selling female rock artist of the 20th century, and the second top-selling female artist in the United States, with 64 million certified albums.[2][3] Guinness World Records listed her as the world's most successful female recording artist of all time. In 2008, Billboard magazine ranked Madonna at number two, behind only The Beatles, on the "Billboard Hot 100 All-Time Top Artists", making her the most successful solo artist in the history of the chart. She was also inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in the same year. Considered to be one of the most influential women in contemporary music, Madonna has been known for continually reinventing both her music and image, and for retaining a standard of autonomy within the recording industry. She is recognized as an influence among numerous music artists. 








Madonna 1983


Madonna is the debut album of American recording artist Madonna, released on July 27, 1983 by Sire Records. The album was re-released in 1985 for the European market and re-packaged as Madonna – The First Album. In 1982, during establishing herself as a singer in New York downtown, Madonna met Seymour Stein, president of Sire Records, who signed her after listening to her single "Everybody". The success of the single prompted Sire to sign her for an album's deal. For the album, Madonna chose to work with Reggie Lucas, a Warner Bros. producer. But she faced problems working with Lucas, and after a dispute between the two, Lucas left the project without completing the recordings.

Madonna then invited her then boyfriend John "Jellybean" Benitez who helped her finish the album. The overall sound of Madonna is dissonant, and is in the form of upbeat synthetic disco, utilising some of the new technology of the time, like the usage of Linn drum machine, Moog bass and the OB-X synthesizer. These equipments have already dated since, consequently the sound of the album comes off as harsh. The song's on the album are sung by Madonna in a bright, girlish vocal timbre, and lyrically talks about love and relationships.

Contemporary critics have applauded the album, but it had received negative feedback when it was released in 1983. The album was moderately successful on the charts, reaching number eight on the Billboard 200, and the top ten of the charts in Australia, France, Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden and United Kingdom. It was certified five-times platinum, by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), for shipment of five million copies across United States. Worldwide, the album has sold ten million copies.

Five singles were released from the album, with "Holiday" becoming her first song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, and "Lucky Star", her first top-five hit. The album was promoted by The Virgin Tour in 1985. Madonna has often remarked that she wished she had more variety in the songs of the album, and had more creative control. However, critics and scholars noted that with the album, Madonna introduced a style of upbeat dance music that would prove particularly appealing to future gay audiences. With Madonna, she began her career as a disco diva.


Tracks: 


1.	"Lucky Star"  
2.	"Borderline"  
3.	"Burning Up"  
4.	"I Know It"  
5.	"Holiday"  
6.	"Think of Me"  
7.	"Physical Attraction"  
8.	"Everybody"  







Like a Virgin 1984


Like a Virgin is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on November 12, 1984 by Sire Records. The album was re-released in 1985 world wide (not in North America) with the bonus track "Into the Groove". In 2001, Warner Bros. released a remastered version with two bonus remix tracks (this version did not include "Into the Groove"). The RIAA certified it Diamond on May 21, 1998,[4] recognizing ten million shipments in the United States. Worldwide, the album has sold over 21 million copies.[5]

Like A Virgin, is stylistically different from Madonna's debut album, it can be seen to incorporate more rock elements within each of the songs rather than just a Pop dance album as well as pay tribute to some of Madonna's own inspirations with a more retro or Motown influenced recordings.


Tracks: 


1.	"Material Girl"  
2.	"Angel"  
3.	"Like a Virgin"  
4.	"Over and Over"  
5.	"Love Don't Live Here Anymore"  
7.	"Dress You Up"  
8.	"Shoo-Bee-Doo"  
9.	"Pretender"  
10.	"Stay"  
10.	"Like a Virgin" (Extended Dance Remix)
11.	"Material Girl" (Extended Dance Remix)







True Blue 1986


True Blue is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on June 30, 1986 by Sire Records. Madonna worked with Stephen Bray and Patrick Leonard on the album while co-writing all the songs. Deemed as Madonna's most girlish album, True Blue deals with her visions of love, work, dreams as well as disappointments and was inspired by her then husband Sean Penn, to whom Madonna dedicated the album. Musically, the songs on the album took a different direction from her previous endeavours, incorporating classical music in order to engage an older audience who had been skeptical of her music while featuring instrumentation including acoustic guitars, drums, synthesizers and Cuban musical instruments. The album features songs about love, freedom and in the case of "Papa Don't Preach", social issues like teenage pregnancy.

After its release, True Blue faced mixed reviews from contemporary critics. Some reviewers complimented the album, with one calling it a great dance-pop album while commending Madonna's skills as a singer, songwriter and entertainer. The album was also described as the archetype of the late '80s and early '90s pop albums. Some reviews expressed concern that the album lacked greatness and depth in the message of the songs. However, commercially True Blue became an international success, reaching the top of the charts in 28 countries, an achievement that the Guinness Book of World Records called "totally unprecedented".[2] Worldwide sales of the album stand at 24 million copies, seven million of those being sold in United States, which earned it a seven times platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America.

Five singles were released from the album: "Live to Tell", "Papa Don't Preach", "Open Your Heart", which went on to top the Billboard Hot 100 chart as well as "True Blue" and "La Isla Bonita", which reached the top-five. With the singles and their accompanying music videos Madonna began to change her image from that of a "boy-toy" to a more sophisticated matured look. "Papa Don't Preach" generated media controversy with some critics condemning Madonna for encouraging teenage pregnancy while others complimented her for her seemingly pro-life stance. "Open Your Heart" faced criticism for its music video and its portrayal of a minor entering a strip club. During the 2006 Confessions Tour the live performance of "Live to Tell", which featured Madonna performing the song while hanging from a cross and wearing a crown of thorns, generated media uproar with religious groups condemning it as blasphemy. True Blue is credited as being the album which made Madonna into a superstar.[3] It ensured Madonna's place among the musical artists of the '80s


Tracks: 


1.	"Papa Don't Preach"  
2.	"Open Your Heart"  
3.	"White Heat"  
4.	"Live to Tell"  
5.	"Where's the Party"  
6.	"True Blue"  
7.	"La Isla Bonita"  
8.	"Jimmy Jimmy"  
9.	"Love Makes the World Go Round"








Like a Prayer  1989


Like a Prayer is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on March 21, 1989 by Sire Records. The RIAA certified it Quadruple Platinum on July 16, 1997,[2] recognizing four million shipments in the U.S. - making it her seventh best-selling album there. Worldwide, it has sold more than 15 million copies.

Like A Prayer is highly regarded as not only one of Madonna's greatest albums, but is also regarded amongst critics and fans as one of the greatest albums of all time despite initial criticism of the themes shown within the album and the controversy behind the lead single surrounding its lyrics and accompanying music video. The album also found success with its following singles, "Express Yourself", "Cherish" and "Oh Father", which found varied success across the globe. Express Yourself and like A Prayer are regarded as two of Madonna's signature songs and the two along with single Cherish have garnered much acclaim over the decades and also furthered the creativity within music video's (Express yourself at the time was the most expensive video ever made at that point).

Like A Prayer also makes a first of being an album that delves into the personality of the singer and incorporates a very confessional tone which sparked something of a revolution within the music industry. Madonna's other albums to incorporate these themes include; Erotica, Ray Of Light, American Life and Confessions On A Dancefloor (each to different degrees and each successful in their own right).

Madonna's lyrics in the album reflect Madonna's then very public divorce from Sean Penn ('Til Death Us Do Part) as well as revisiting the emotions dealt with in her family life from when she was a child through to when she was a teenager(Promise To Try,Oh Father,Keep It Together). Love Song (a duet with Prince)and keep It Together would become revisited in Madonna's tenth studio album Confessions On A Dancefloor in the hit songs Jump and Hung Up.

The album was also ranked number 237 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. [3]

Like A Prayer continued Madonna's success across the world which started in Like A Virgin and continued over the next decades ensuring her title of being 'The Queen Of Pop'.


Tracks:


1.	"Like a Prayer"  
2.	"Express Yourself"  
3.	"Love Song"  
4.	"Till Death Do Us Part"  
5.	"Promise to Try"  
6.	"Cherish"  
7.	"Dear Jessie"  
8.	"Oh Father"  
9.	"Keep It Together"  
10.	"Spanish Eyes"  
11.	"Act of Contrition"








Erotica 1992


Erotica is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on October 20, 1992 by Maverick Records. The album was released simultaneously with Madonna's first book publication, Sex. The RIAA certified it double platinum on January 6, 1993, recognizing two million shipments throughout the U.S.

And as of 2009 sales worldwide stand at just short of 5.5 million across the globe, despite not as high as previous albums this is still significantly a large amount of albums sold and distributed. Also, the album has been certified Double Platinum status with sales exceeding 600,000 copies in the UK. Despite not being aknowledged at the Grammy Awards Erotica's fifth single Rain got recognition at the MTV Awards in 1993, and Erotica helped to spawn her critically successful fourth tour The Girlie Show World Tour.

Tracks: 


1.	"Erotica"  
2.	"Fever"  
3.	"Bye Bye Baby"  
4.	"Deeper and Deeper"  
5.	"Where Life Begins"  
6.	"Bad Girl"  
7.	"Waiting"  
8.	"Thief of Hearts"  
9.	"Words"  
10.	"Rain"  
11.	"Why's It So Hard"  
12.	"In This Life"  
13.	"Did You Do It?"  
14.	"Secret Garden"  









Bedtime Stories  1994


Bedtime Stories is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on October 25, 1994 by Maverick Records. Madonna collaborated with Dallas Austin, Babyface, Dave Hall and Nellee Hooper, and decided to move into a more R&B direction and a generally more mainstream radio friendly sound. Madonna tried to soften her image after her sexually explicit works during Erotica period.

The album was an international success, peaking at number one in Australia and Brazil. In the United States, the album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 chart and achieved Gold status after six weeks. On November 21, 2005, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified it Triple Platinum, recognizing three million shipments throughout the United States. In 1995, the album received a Grammy Award nomination for "Best Pop Vocal Album."


Tracks: 


1.	"Survival"  
2.	"Secret"  
3.	"I'd Rather Be Your Lover"  
4.	"Don't Stop"  
5.	"Inside of Me"  
6.	"Human Nature"  
7.	"Forbidden Love"  
8.	"Love Tried to Welcome Me"  
9.	"Sanctuary"  
10.	"Bedtime Story"  
11.	"Take a Bow"








Ray of Light 1998


Ray of Light is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on March 3, 1998 by Maverick Records. After giving birth to her daughter Lourdes, Madonna collaborated with Patrick Leonard and William Orbit in developing the album. After failed sessions with other producers, Madonna pursued a new musical direction with Orbit and incorporated his extensive usage of trance and electronic music in her songs. The recording took place over four months, but experienced problems with the Pro Tools arrangement by Orbit as well as the absence of live bands.

However, upon release, the album was lauded by contemporary critics as a music masterpiece of the decade. Reviewers complimented the album for its mature, restrained nature as well as commending Madonna's musical direction, calling it her "most adventurous" record. Commercially, the album was a success on the world charts, peaking at number one in numerous countries such as the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and mainland Europe. On the U.S. Billboard 200, the album debuted and peaked at number two. In 1999, Ray of Light won four Grammy Award from a total of six nominations. Rolling Stone magazine listed the album as one of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. With the global sales of 20 million copies, Ray of Light became Madonna's most commercially successful studio album of the 1990s.

Five singles were released from the album. The first single "Frozen" was an international success, as was the second one, "Ray of Light", which won a number of awards for its music video. Madonna has performed songs from this album on all of her world tours since it was released. The supporting tour for the album, Drowned World Tour, was supposed to start in 1999, but was delayed until 2001.


Tracks: 


1.	"Drowned World/Substitute for Love"  
2.	"Swim"  
3.	"Ray of Light"  
4.	"Candy Perfume Girl"  
5.	"Skin"  
6.	"Nothing Really Matters"  
7.	"Sky Fits Heaven"  
8.	"Shanti/Ashtangi"  
9.	"Frozen"  
10.	"The Power of Good-Bye"  
11.	"To Have and Not to Hold"  
12.	"Little Star"  
13.	"Mer Girl"







Music 2000



Music is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on September 19, 2000 by Maverick Records. The album hit number one position in more than 20 countries worldwide, and sold 4 million copies in the first 10 days[4] The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified it Triple Platinum on November 21, 2005, recognizing 3 million shipments throughout the United States,[5] making it her eighth best-selling recording there. Music has sold more than 11 million copies worldwide.[6] A two-disc Special Edition was released in June 2001 to promote the Drowned World Tour, containing an additional CD of remixes and the video of "What It Feels Like for a Girl".

The album won a Grammy Award for "Best Recording Package" in 2001. Rolling Stone magazine ranked the album at number 452 on their list The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.


Tracks: 


1.	"Music"  
2.	"Impressive Instant"  
3.	"Runaway Lover"  
4.	"I Deserve It"  
5.	"Amazing"  
6.	"Nobody's Perfect"  
7.	"Don't Tell Me"  
8.	"What It Feels Like for a Girl"  
9.	"Paradise (Not for Me)"  
10.	"Gone"







American Life 2003


American Life is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released on April 22, 2003, produced by Warner Bros. Records and Maverick Records. It was the 32nd best selling album worldwide of 2003. The RIAA certified it platinum on July 7, 2003, in recognition of one million shipments throughout the United States.[1] It is the second lowest selling studio album of her career, after Hard Candy, with sales over four million copies.[2]

The album received mixed reviews by contemporary music critics; criticizing for being unpatriotic and an absurd and slack production; however, at the same time, acclaimed by being herself, and don't forgetting it. American Life is the Madonna most controversial album of the decade. The music video of the first single, the title track, was censored by its anti-war content; and at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, Madonna kissed Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera during the show's opening performance.

American Life is considered a concept album with recurring themes of "American Dream" and "materialism". Furthermore, the themes reject the reputation Madonna held in the 80's with her worldwide hit "Material Girl".[3] It was her final studio album with Maverick, and marked the end of a eleven year recording history.


Tracks: 


1.	"American Life"  
2.	"Hollywood"  
3.	"I'm So Stupid"  
4.	"Love Profusion"  
5.	"Nobody Knows Me"  
6.	"Nothing Fails"  
7.	"Intervention"  
8.	"X-Static Process"  
9.	"Mother and Father"  
10.	"Die Another Day"  
11.	"Easy Ride"







Confessions on a Dance Floor 


Confessions on a Dance Floor is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Madonna. It was released on November 15, 2005 by Warner Bros. Records. The album was a complete departure from her last studio album, American Life (2003). It included influences of 70s and 80s disco as well as modern-day club music. Initially, she began collaborating with Mirwais Ahmadzai and even recorded two tracks for the album. However, Madonna felt that their collaboration was not going in the direction she desired. At that time, Madonna met Stuart Price while overseeing her documentary, I'm Going to Tell You a Secret. The album was majorly recorded at Price's home-studio where Madonna spent most of her time during the recordings.

Musically the album is structured like a DJ's nightly set. The songs are sequenced and blended together so that they are played continuously without any intermediate gap. The title arrived from the fact that the tracklisting for the album consists of light-hearted and happy songs in the beginning, and progresses to much darker melodies and lyrics describing personal feelings and commitments. Songs on the album use samples and references of music by other dance-oriented artists like ABBA, Donna Summer, Pet Shop Boys, Bee Gees, and Depeche Mode. Madonna incorporated references of her older work as well. One of the tracks called "Isaac", was negatively received by some Israeli rabbis who claimed that the song was about their noted sixteenth century Kabbalah scholar Isaac Lurier (Yitzhak Luria in Yemeni Arabic). However, Madonna explained that the song was named after Yitzhak Sinwani, who appeared as a featured vocalist for the song.

Contemporary critics lauded the album calling it a return to form for Madonna. They complimented the fact that Madonna chose to seek inspiration from the dance music which had made her the noted star she is. Price's musical direction was also praised with some reviewers giving the full credit for the album to him. After its release, the album debuted at the top of the charts in most nations. It became Madonna's sixth number-one album on the Billboard 200 albums chart. She was also honored with a Grammy Award for "Best Dance/Electronic Album" in 2007, as well as "International Female Solo Artist" at the 2006 BRIT Awards. The supporting tour for the album, known as Confessions Tour, became the highest grossing tour ever for a female artist, at that time.

Four singles were released from the album. "Hung Up," the first single, became Madonna's most successful single worldwide by topping the charts in forty-five countries, thus earning a place in the Guinness Book of World Records. It was followed by "Sorry" which was another chart topping success. It became Madonna's twelfth number-one single in the United Kingdom. "Get Together" and "Jump" were released as the third and fourth singles respectively, both becoming successful on the dance charts.


Tracks: 


1.	"Hung Up"  
2.	"Get Together"  
3.	"Sorry"  
4.	"Future Lovers"  
5.	"I Love New York"  
6.	"Let It Will Be"  
7.	"Forbidden Love"  
8.	"Jump"  
9.	"How High"  
10.	"Isaac"  
11.	"Push"  
12.	"Like It or Not"







Hard Candy 2008


Hard Candy is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna, released on April 25, 2008 by Warner Bros. Records.[1][2] It was her final studio album with the record company before a greatest hits album Celebration;[3] marking the end of a 25 year recording history. The album debuted at #1 in 37 countries; and was the 11th best-selling album worldwide in 2008 according to IFPI. The album was supported by the 2009 Billboard Top Tour, Sticky & Sweet Tour.

The album's lead single "4 Minutes", featuring Justin Timberlake, achieved worldwide success by topping the charts in Australia, Canada, Germany, Italy and other European nations. It became Madonna's thirteenth number-one single in the United Kingdom, a record for a female artist on the British charts. In the United States, "4 Minutes" peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, giving Madonna her thirty-seventh top-ten hit and thus breaking her tie with Elvis Presley for the most Top Ten hits on Hot 100 chart.


Tracks: 



1.	"Candy Shop"  
2.	"4 Minutes" (featuring Justin Timberlake and Timbaland)
3.	"Give It 2 Me"  
4.	"Heartbeat"  
5.	"Miles Away"  
6.	"She's Not Me"  
7.	"Incredible"  
8.	"Beat Goes On" (featuring Kanye West)
9.	"Dance 2night"  
10.	"Spanish Lesson"  
11.	"Devil Wouldn't Recognize You"  
12.	"Voices"  






Enjoy Madonna :)
