Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Welcome to the Future" is the title of a song written by Chris DuBois and co-written and recorded by American country artist Brad Paisley. It was released in June 2009 as the second single from his studio album, American Saturday Night. It is the twenty-fourth chart single of his career.

The music video for "Welcome to the Future" was directed by Jim Shea and released in mid-August. It was filmed in New York City, Washington D.C., Los Angeles, Tokyo and Kumamoto, Japan.

"Welcome to the Future" is a mid-tempo song, with a production featuring percussion and steel guitar. The lyrics describe the changes that the narrator has seen in his life. In the first verse, he tells of how he wanted to be able to watch television in the car as a child, or have his own video game system instead of having to go to the arcade. The second verse addresses international relationships, by telling of how his grandfather fought against Japan in World War II, but the narrator "was on a video chat this morning / with a company in Tokyo". Verse three addresses the issue of anti-racism after recalling a black friend who had a cross burned in his yard by the Ku Klux Klan. This verse also mentions the anti-racism movements of Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King, Jr. in the line "From a woman on a bus / to a man with a dream."

"Welcome to the Future" debuted at #59 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of July 11, 2009.

Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song a positive review. He described the opening guitar work as reminiscent of video game music, but said that it "quickly gives way to steel guitar and heartland rock-like acoustic guitar strumming". He considered the theme similar to Paisley's 2007 single "Letter to Me" and said, "It’s an interesting direction to take a song as it describes how life changes over time." Stephen Thomas Erlewine also described the song favorably in his Allmusic review, saying that it was the "first country anthem of the Obama era" and that it showed "Paisley's uncanny knack for capturing the casual contemporary details of American life at the tail-end of the 2000s."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

