Hello All!! I'm back with a new version of my Grand Theft Auto Redneck Rampage mod.
Some of you may remeber me as gtamodcrazy or gtahumper. I lost my internet connection for a while, and those two names did not accept my passwords, so i had to make a new one.
Well enough about me, let's talk about my mod.

The location is Clover South Carolina. There aren't many map changes, and the storyline and missions are pretty much original, with some new characters, and some art changes in the back grounds, as in building and billboards and a lot of new pedestrians. Ryder is replaced my a local police officer from Clover, by the name of David Dover. The picador is replaced by David Dover's number 44 police car, it's just a regulat car, so you can't use the sirens, and it only shows up at David [Ryder's replacement] house, as not to confuse you with the normal police cars. Big Smoke is replaced in memory to a friend of mine by the name of Jeff Oates[The Big Swine]. Kendl is replaced in memory of a former girlfriend of mine Jennifer Lane [Twister]. Sweet is replaced by my foster brother Timmy Carpenter. Og Loc is replaced in memory of a friend of mine Kenny Moss.
 
You start out as me, my name is Chris. There are a very many skin selection through clothes of different characters you can be. You can be the Cyborg Terminator, the classic Joker, two versions of the Joker from the movie the Dark Knight, Ghost Rider, Micheal Myers, Jason from Friday the 13th, Tony Montana from Scarface, the classic Batman via the pimp suit, the broadway is the 1960's Batmobile, Superman via the gimp suit. You can turn into Superman by pressing bekknqv the cheat for the gimpsuit. Superman is pretty much industructable. And he can fly by pressing jump and crouch together at same time. You can even be as evil as Satan, by being Satan via clothes and shoes from Binco and a haircut from Reese's Barber Shop.

Some of the cars are different versions of Knight Rider, Starsky and Hutch Torino, and the General Lee. A lot of the cars have been replaced by real ones. You will just have to download this torrent to find out..Please leave comments and vote on this mod and seed. Enjoy!!!

Sorry about the other torrent, I moved my torrent and it messed up the seeding so download this one.