Wednesday, March 3, 2010
Those wacky Republicans! Did you catch Sarah Palin’s debut as a standup comedian on the Tonight Show last night? Usually a comedian has to work for years to get a slot on the Tonight Show. Sarah Palin did it with absolutely no prior work, experience, or dues paying… kind of like the way she wanted to become Vice President.   If it sounds like something of a stretch for Sarah, keep in mind that it’s not that much of a jump to start telling jokes after you’ve spent the past couple of years being a joke. Obviously these jokes weren’t written by Sarah Palin. You could tell because they didn’t go on for 15 stream-of-consciousness minutes punctuated with an occasional “perhaps so” or “you betcha.” Here’s a little advice, Sarah—you’re a lot funnier when you’re not trying to be. All in all, it wasn’t nearly as funny as your interview with Katie Couric. Who wrote that one for you, Sarah? Because they’re a genius. “Putin rears his head?” Classic! And that bit where you try to come up with the name of a Supreme Court case while you’re making all those wacky faces? I still laugh every time I see it. Oh, and I also liked you better when you were doing prop comedy. Bring back the guy behind you slaughtering turkeys. Finally, your delivery wasn’t all that good. I’ve seen better timing from Jim Bunning. Speaking of which….

Those wacky Republicans! The Jim Bunning hostage standoff is over!  Finally! They had to do everything this side of trying to talk Jim Bunning down with a megaphone. At least we got this resolved before Jim Bunning handcuffed himself to the podium at the floor of the Senate. This is a guy who once pitched a perfect game—one of the greatest feats possible in baseball, and now he’s just going to be remembered as the nutty old guy who didn’t like unemployed people. It would be like bowling a perfect 300 game, then going outside the bowling alley and kicking a dog in the parking lot. But give Jim Bunning credit—he made his point. Unfortunately, that point was that Jim Bunning is a crazy old coot. Well, now he’s free to go home, look out the front window, and yell at people who park in front of his house. Jim Bunning will be retiring after this term. But he will not go gently into that good night. In fact, he seems to be doing his damned best to make that good night a very bad night for everybody else. Thank God we have funny people like Sarah Palin to take our minds off such things. 