Directed by 	Chris Columbus
Produced by 	Chris Columbus
Michael Barnathan
Karen Rosenfelt
Written by 	Craig Titley
Joe Stillman[1]
Rick Riordan (Novel)
Starring 	Logan Lerman
Brandon T. Jackson
Alexandra Daddario
Jake Abel
Sean Bean
Pierce Brosnan
Steve Coogan
Rosario Dawson
Catherine Keener
Kevin McKidd
Joe Pantoliano
Uma Thurman
Ray Winstone
Music by 	Christophe Beck
Cinematography 	Stephen Goldblatt
Editing by 	Peter Honess
Studio 	1492 Pictures
Imprint Entertainment
Distributed by 	20th Century Fox
Release date(s) 	February 11, 2010 (2010-02-11)
02010-02-12 February 12, 2010
(United States)
Running time 	118 minutes
Country 	United States
Canada
Language 	English

Plot

At the top of the Empire State Building, Poseidon  (Kevin McKidd) meets with Zeus (Sean Bean), who comments that the storm clouds have no lightning and that his master bolt has been stolen. He blames Poseidon's son for the theft. Despite Poseidon's claims of his son's innocence, Zeus gives Poseidon 14 days to return it, lest war break out.

During a field trip to an exhibition of Greek and Roman art, teenager Percy Jackson (Logan Lerman), is lured away from the crowd by a Fury, Mrs. Dodds, disguised as his substitute Pre-Algebra teacher, who then attacks him, questioning him about the lightning bolt. The incredulous Percy, who has no knowledge of this, is rescued by his Latin teacher, Mr. Brunner (Pierce Brosnan). After dispatching the Fury, Brunner gives Percy a sword disguised as a pen. On Brunner's instruction, Percy's best friend, Grover (Brandon T. Jackson), takes Percy to a training camp for demigods, Camp Half-Blood, along with Percy's mother, Sally Jackson (Catherine Keener). During their trip to the camp, Percy attempts to learn about his biological father from Sally, but they are attacked by a Minotaur. Although Percy and Grover, who is revealed to be a satyr, make it to the camp, its defenses prohibit entrance to Sally, who is captured by the Minotaur, and disappears before Percy. Percy engages the Minotaur with the pen, which turns into a sword named Riptide, eventually killing the creature with one of its horns.

In touring Camp Half-Blood, Percy learns that Brunner is the mythological centaur Chiron, and the camp's trainer, and that his (Percy's) father is the god Poseidon. He also meets Luke Castellan (Jake Abel), a son of Hermes, and Annabeth Chase (Alexandra Daddario), a daughter of Athena. While at the camp, Percy learns that water has the power to heal his injuries, and allows him to manifest his magical abilities.

Hades later appears and reveals that Sally Jackson is his prisoner, and proposes she be traded for the master bolt. Chiron instructs Percy not to bargain with the god, but to go to Olympus to convince Zeus of his innocence. Percy sneaks away from the camp to travel to the Underworld, along with Grover and Annabeth, who secure for him from Luke a portable shield, flying shoes and a map to Persephone's (Rosario Dawson) pearls, which allow them to exit the Underworld.

At Aunty Em's Garden Emporium, the trio are attacked by Medusa (Uma Thurman), but manage to decapitate her, and take the first pearl from her bracelet. They also take her head, which they later successfully use against a hydra that attacks them during their acquisition of the second pearl from the crown of a giant statue of Athena at the Parthenon replica in Nashville, Tennessee. They acquire the third and final pearl from a roulette wheel at the Lotus Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, in part with help from Poseidon, who aids them against Lotus Eaters; these had moved from the island where Odysseus had met them to the Lotus Casino in Las Vegas. The map reveals an entrance to the Underworld in Hollywood, beneath the Hollywood Sign.

The trio enter the Underworld, where, after traveling across the River Styx, they encounter Persephone, who takes them to Hades. Percy attempts to explain to Hades that he is not the lightning thief. During an ensuing melee, Percy drops his shield, whose handle conceals the missing master bolt, which Hades takes. But Persephone distracts him and takes the bolt back and uses it to knock out Hades in order for them to escape with the bolt. They escape the Underworld with the rescued Sally, but sadly is forced to leave Grover behind, in Persephone's "care", as they only had three pearls. They are transported to the top of the Empire State Building, which they learn is the location of the entrance to Olympus. They are confronted by Luke, who reveals himself to have been the real lightning thief. Expressing his desire for a new generation of rulers to take over Olympus, he explains that he had hoped that the trio would not have escaped the Underworld alive, and after stealing the bolt from Percy, the two engage in battle. After using his water powers to dispatch Luke, Percy arrives at Olympus, where he presents the retrieved bolt, and reveals the truth about Luke. Percy also requests that Zeus retrieve Grover from the Underworld, which the god agrees to. Poseidon explains to Percy the reason why they could not know each other during Percy's childhood, but expresses his love for his son. Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood, where he resumes his training, ending the movie in the midst of a clash with Annabeth.

After the end credits, a scene shows Sally forcing Gabe, Percy's stepfather, out of their apartment and he reads a note on the fridge from Percy that says not to open the fridge. Gabe ignores the note and destroys the lock on the refrigerator and as he opens it, Medusa's head stares right back at him, and the scene goes black while a crackling noise is heard, indicating that Gabe has been turned to stone.


IMAGENES
 
http://img175.imageshack.us/img175/7316/21134455.png 
http://img175.imageshack.us/img175/1687/40202693.png 
http://img202.imageshack.us/img202/1738/88332244.png

COMPARTAN ESTE ARCHIVO PARA SEGUIR SUBIENDO GRACIAS