 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104348/

Converted from HD bluray, this is a far far superior picture quality to the
Xvid version that we checked on the net, which looks fuzzy in quality by
comparison to what we produced here working with bluray source content.


By the way, our recently launched Godfather Trilogy has 35 seeders on it
rather than just 6 as the piratebay is showing instead. I wish someone
would get their act togethjer down there and stop retardting our numbers
at every turn. Amen.
  

This movie is a brilliant work by David Mamet in what is a Pullitzer Prize
winning script  of great insight into the world of high pressure sales 
environments - where strictly being paid by "commission" takes its toll on the
individuals involved.

David Mamet is well known for his work in somewhat esoteric circles of taste
in this respect - as he was director in "House of Games" the other such great
movie starring in this case, his former lovely wife Ms. Lindsay Crouse, and 
starring as well the talented Mr. Joe Mantegna


It is clear that Mamet has his mind well tuned to the brilliantly insightful 
nuances through well scripted glimpses into the human psyche around such
situations as are similarly themed to some extent across such of his works
as I mention here.

His genius is done justice with the brilliant acting too of Al Pacino,
Jack Lemmon and a nice show as well by Alec Baldwin and the rest of the
crew in this great movie offering. This script would be a great idea for
a permanent run on Broadway too perhaps!

If you want to learn more about the sort of people who are the sorts
often drawn into the high stakes game of "large ticket" commission sales
such as real estate and fancy cars and what have you, or in any event want
to gain more insight into the human condition with this well acted well
scripted play, you wont want to miss out. 

This movie rates having a "cult following" of sorts - as did "house of Games"
a movie that is also one of my favorites too.

Having earned my licence to sell Real estate at the age of 19, and having
had a successful career in marketing, I can tell you these folks here miss
the boat entirely when they choose a High pressure sales approach rather
than giving genuine care to their clients instead. Thats the stuff of losers
rather than the mark of a real winner, no matter how much they get lucky 
enough to put away into the bank in the meantime. This approach is always
doomed to fail.

Michael Rizzo Chessman