The complete series of Lucky Star (1 - 24).

Video: 720x400, H.264, MKV, 23fps, 169 kbps
Audio: MP3 @ 192 kbps / 2CH Stereo (AC3 Stereo Eps. 21 - 24)
Languages: English & Japanese
Subtitles: English Text for Songs & Signs and Japanese Audio


Witness this study in the human condition as our heroines explore the unexplored in questioning the ordinary!

Volume #1 (Eps #1-4)

Meet Konata, an athletic and intelligent girl too dedicated to her favorite primetime animes to excel in anything but otaku culture; Miyuki, the cute, bespectacled living example of moe with an encyclopedic knowledge of all subjects; Kagami, the bitter-sweet, tough but shy straight-man to Konata\'s constant teasing and pranks; and her younger fraternal twin sister, Tsukasa, a kind but air-headed klutz.



Volume #2 (Eps #5-8)

Minoru Shiraishi here! The season of summer starts for the girls of Lucky Star and with it comes those staple images of vacation like gold fish scooping at outdoor festivals while wearing a yukata… Smashing watermelons on the beach in swim suits… and that homework duewhen vacation’s over that I completely forgot about! Ms. Kuroi’s going to kill me if I don’t get that done! Knowing Konata she’s probably spent the whole vacation playing online games and won’t get her work done till she’s copied it from Kagami. I wonder if she’d let me copy too, probably not since I don’t know her that well. I really need to make some smarter friends… What? I’m getting off track? Sorry. Please watch us!



Volume #3 (Eps #9-12)

Hey! It's Minoru Shiraishi! I'm surprised they let me announce this part again. They said I got too far off track last time. What? I'm off topic again? Already off to a bad start... Sorry! Winter's always full of big events but it's not Christmas that Konata's been waiting for. It's time for that once a year wonderland that every true anime fan prepares all year long for: COMIKET! Walking from hall to hall, standing in lines and spending all that money on those ultra rare figures and special edition doujinshi is what it's all about, or so I'm told. Luckily for Konata she's got the Hiiragi sisters to back her up this time around. Hopefully they're prepared them for that sea of people! Do your best Kagami and Tsukasa!



Volume #4 (Eps #13-16)

Hey! It’s Shiraishi again! The cast of Lucky Star is steadily expanding. In this volume we see the introduction of Konata’s younger cousin, Yutaka. She doesn’t attend school too often, she’s a bit frail that way but I think that’s what I like about her. I just get this feeling like I must protect her! She’s so moé! With her cousin’s arrival, Konata starts feeling the pressure that goes along with being an older sister. It’s all about looking smart, getting your homework done and staying up late to study for tests. Too bad she’s only feeling the pressure and not actually following through. I was wondering how Yui put up with that preasure but having seen the episodes, I get the feeling that none of it really affects her. So please tune in!



Volume #5 (Eps #17-20)

Hello again, Shiraishi here! I hope you'll join me and the Lucky Star cast for four episodes of summer time classes, vacation, study sessions and the oppressive heat and insects that inevitably come with the season. Before we change into our summer uniforms though, we can't forget about Konata's surprise birthday party! Even with university applications right around the corner, our friends' study habits could not be more varied. Konata has of course been playing her online games non-stop, and while it's very important to take short breaks to relax between two assignments it's even more important to remember to do the actual assignment!



Volume #6 (Eps #21-24)

Hi Lucky Star fans, your friendly assistant Minoru Shiraishi here! Our senior friends and I are about to leave for our class trip, so hurry up or you'll miss the bus! While the purpose of our trip is cultural education, the real fun comes for some people during our free time when we can choose the sites we want to explore. What's even better are the things that happen back at the hotel, like that passionate confession of love that you never saw coming! Isn't that right, Kagami?

