Title: Valhalla Knights Eldar Saga
Genre: RPG            
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: NTSC
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
Enter into an epic tale that has endured for generations and generations. For centuries the land of Eldar has been synonymous with chaos and destruction; a place where monsters prey freely and demons wreak havoc, indiscriminate in their attacks. Legend tells of how, ages past, a being known as the Spirit King gained control of the creatures and waged an unrelenting war upon civilization. Order and life were brought to the brink of destruction, but an alliance of the four races was able to drive them back and seal the evil. Centuries have passed since that time, but once again the lands are slowly being overrun by the reemerging monsters. With the continent giving way to madness, a hero must come forth to reunite the races and confront the relentless enemy... Valhalla Knights: Eldar Saga expands upon the series by introducing a new online feature that allows two players to adventure through the land of Eldar co-operatively. Valhalla Knights: Eldar Saga continues the series trademark of no random encounters while updating the real-time battle system to now include battles taking place on the world map instead of a separate battle screen for a seamless experience.


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers