Norton 360 ver 4.0.0.127 90 days OEM

Whats new in norton 360...

NEW! Provides unprecedented and unmatched threat detection — Adds an additional layer of protection to detect viruses, Trojans, spyware, and other threats. Norton™ reputation service technology scrutinizes different attributes of files and applications in real-time to determine if they are safe.

NEW! Warns you of dangerous downloads — Proactively protects you by analyzing newly downloaded files and applications for threats before you install or run them on your PC.

NEW! Helps you improve and maintain PC and application performance —Identifies applications that may be impacting your PC’s performance, making it easier to keep your computer running at its best.

NEW! Lets you access backed up files over the Web — Allows you to retrieve and restore files that you backed up online anytime, anywhere, from virtually any computer with Internet access.

IMPROVED! Scans only files at risk for shorter, faster scans — Uses our industry-leading online intelligence system to identify files at risk and quickly and accurately scans only those files for improved scanning performance.

IMPROVED! Makes online shopping safer — Warns you of unsafe websites right in your search results before you provide any personal information to a potentially dangerous site.

IMPROVED! Protects your identity when you buy, bank or browse online —Validates authentic sites and identifies fraudulent sites to protect you from “phishing.”

IMPROVED! Keeps spam out of your mailbox —Blocks unwanted and possibly dangerous emails from your inbox.

IMPROVED! Offers secure login to web sites — Automatically stores your logins and passwords so you can sign into sites with a single click. Blocks keystroke loggers and other spyware that can steal your information.

IMPROVED! Secures your browser from attacks — Prevents cybercriminals from using security holes in your web browser to load dangerous software onto your PC.

IMPROVED! Protects your important files from loss — Automatically backs up files either locally (to disc or other storage device) or online when your PC is idle. Includes 2 GB of secured online storage (with option to purchase more).*

IMPROVED! Reduces PC start-up time — Gets your PC up and running faster by allowing you to prioritize and stagger your start-up applications.
Protects your PC, online activities and your identity – Delivers industry-leading, all-in-one protection against identity theft, online fraud, phishing, viruses, Trojans, bots, rootkits, spyware, and the latest cyber-threats.
Defends against digital dangers without sacrificing performance — Guards your PC against all kinds of cyber-threats without slowing down your computer or eating up system resources.

Prevents botnets from taking control of your PC — Blocks access to your private information. Stops hackers from using your PC to launch attacks on other PCs.
Delivers up to the minute virus protection — Provides automatic updates every 5 to 15 minutes to help ensure you’re protected from new threats. Updates happen quietly in the background so you get continuous protection without sacrificing performance.

Defends your wireless network from intruders — Prevents unauthorized users from stealing your bandwidth and accessing your files. Warns you when you connect to an unsecured wireless network.
Won’t get in your way — Automatically postpones non-urgent tasks and activities if you’re using your PC to watch TV or movies or to play games.
Helps make your PC run like new again — Deletes unnecessary files, defrags your hard drive, fixes common problems, and tunes up your PC to keep it running at peak performance.


Plz Seed....

ThnXX...

mAnaV...