Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Bad Moon Rising" is a 1969 song by Creedence Clearwater Revival, written by John Fogerty. It was the lead single from their album Green River reaching #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and #1 on the UK Singles Chart for three weeks in September 1969.

The song has been recorded by at least 20 different artists, in styles that range from acoustic folk to reggae to psychedelic rock to zydeco. Sonic Youth named an entire album after it.

A common mondegreen of the last line is "There's a bathroom on the right". (The correct line is "There's a bad moon on the rise".) Fogerty himself has been known to occasionally substitute the "bathroom" version of the lyric as a joke during his live shows, including on his 1998 live album Premonition.

Recordings by CCR or other artists have been used in the soundtrack of many films, including Blade; An American Werewolf in London; Sweet Home Alabama; My Girl; Twilight Zone: The Movie; My Fellow Americans; Man of the House; Mr. Woodcock; Shaun of the Dead (2004).

It has also appeared in many television programs such as the first season finale to "Supernatural". An episode of The West Wing features the song, and is also named "Bad Moon Rising"; the song title is a name of an episode on Everybody Loves Raymond..

It has been used as an entrance song for UFC fighters Dustin Hazelett and Jim Miller.

John Cameron Fogerty (born May 28, 1945) is an American rock singer, songwriter, and guitarist, best known for his time with the swamp rock/roots rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival and as a #1 solo recording artist. He was born in Berkeley, California and is the younger brother of Tom Fogerty. He attended El Cerrito High School along with the other members of CCR.

John Fogerty began a solo career, originally under the name The Blue Ridge Rangers for his 1973 LP debut. Fogerty played all of the instruments on covers of others' country music hits, such as "Jambalaya" (which was a Top 40 hit). After performing country & western tunes he released a rock & roll single in late 1973, also as The Blue Ridge Rangers. The two John Fogerty penned songs were "You Don't Owe Me" and "Back In The Hills" (Fantasy F-710).

In early 1974 John Fogerty released two rock & roll tunes on a 7"-single. The two songs were the vocal "Comin' Down The Road" b/w the instrumental "Ricochet". His second solo album John Fogerty was released in 1975. Sales were slim and legal problems delayed a followup, though it yielded "Rockin' All Over the World", a top 40 hit for Fogerty in North America. Two years later, in 1977, British boogie rockers Status Quo recorded their version of Rockin' All Over the World, which became a huge hit and made the song world-famous, not least by opening 1985's Live Aid with the song that had become one of their best-known anthems.

Fogerty finished an album called Hoodoo in 1976. A single, "You Got The Magic" b/w "Evil Thing", preceded the album's release, but it performed poorly. The album, for which covers had already been printed, was rejected by Asylum Records a couple weeks before its scheduled release, and Fogerty agreed that it wasn't up to his usual high standards. Fogerty told Asylum Records to destroy the master tapes for Hoodoo sometime in the 1980s. Fogerty is something of a perfectionist, often destroying unreleased material. Fogerty says that he was unable to write music during this period of his life.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

