File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:50

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 2172 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.19 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no extra logos or titles.


"Why Don't You Love Me" is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles, a bonus track from her third studio album, I Am… Sasha Fierce  (2008). It managed to peak at number one on the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart more than one year after the album's original release, making it her thirteenth number-one hit on that chart. On May 4, 2010 a music video for the song was released as Beyoncé playing B.B. Homemaker.

On May 1, 2010, on Vimeo, a 40 second clip of Beyoncé Knowles as B.B. Homemaker trying to fix a broken-car, was released. At the end of the clip, she holds a board up saying "Why Don't You Love Me". The music video for the song was directed by long-time collaborator Melina Matsoukas and Beyoncé under the alias "Bee-Z". The complete video premiered on May 4, 2010 and it is five minutes long.

The video begins with the clip released to promote the video and the song begins once Beyoncé goes inside a house. Throughout the video Knowles is seen crying on the phone talking to her love interest while drinking a dry martini and smoking a cigarette. Beyoncé is also seen dancing while stars are projected upon her and doing housework around the house such as cleaning dishes, washing and hanging clothes to dry, baking cookies and cooking a pot-roast which ends up in flames. During a small interlude in the video Knowles is in the bathtub taking a bubble bath with diamonds and gold around her wrists and on her necklaces. She is also reading during some scenes, in which she sings "Keep my head in them books, I'm sharp..." In the middle of the video, Knowles dusts off her 16 Grammy awards showcasing her awards she earned when with Destiny's Child and as a single artist. The video closes on her falling to the floor after hanging up the phone and finishing her martini, and says the final word "...dumb!" in a scene in which she is dressed in a dominatrix-type outfit while holding a whip.

Although the song has not been released as a single, it managed to top the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart for the week of February 13, 2010.

I Am… Sasha Fierce is the third studio album by American R&B and pop singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on November 18, 2008 by Columbia Records. The double album introduces her alter-ego "Sasha Fierce". It was as a deluxe edition, and later a remix album with videography, a platinum edition and finally a re-release celebrating all of the album's achievements one year after release.

The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 482,000 copies in its first week. It was an international commercial success, earning multi-platinum sales certifications in several countries and producing five worldwide hit singles. Upon its release, I Am... Sasha Fierce received generally mixed to positive reviews from most music critics and earned Knowles five Grammy Awards at the 52nd Grammy Awards. To date, the album has sold over six million copies worldwide.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/