JENNIFERS BODY 2009 DVDrip


VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x234[wide screen]
run-time 01:42:11
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Megan Fox
Amanda Seyfried
Adam Brody
Johnny Simmons

Plot

Insecure bookworm Anita "Needy" Lesnicki (Amanda Seyfried) and arrogant, popular flag girl Jennifer Check (Megan Fox) have been best friends "since the sandbox" and wear matching heart-shaped lockets engraved with the initials BFF to signify this bond, although they share little in common. One night, Jennifer insists Needy come to a local dive bar to attend a concert by indie rock band Low Shoulder, where Jennifer soon develops a crush on their lead singer, Nikolai Wolf (Adam Brody). While flirting with Jennifer, Nikolai concludes that she is a virgin. As the band begins to perform one of their songs, a suspicious fire engulfs the bar. Needy saves a somewhat intoxicated and shocked Jennifer, who, against Needy's wishes, ends up leaving with the band; they take her into the woods, where she learns that the band is desperate for wealth and fame, resorting to making her their sacrifice to Satan, exchanging a virgin for their success. However, as Jennifer is in fact not a virgin when Nikolai murders her, a demonic spirit takes over her body with all her memories still intact after Nikolai and the band leave. Later that evening, Jennifer appears at Needy's house, covered in blood. She resists attacking a terrified Needy and instead roams into the kitchen, where she tries to eat food from the refrigerator; unable to digest the matter, she vomits a trail of black ferromagnetic fluid.[9] She then leaves the house in a hurry as Needy calls after her. Needy, left frightened and alone, believes something horrible has happened to Jennifer.

The following morning, Jennifer appears fine, and the small town is devastated by the tragic loss of the young people the night of the fire. A day later, she kills the school's football captain. A month after the incident, Jennifer is beginning to look pale and tired. That day, Colin (Kyle Gallner) asks her on a date and that night she kills him brutally while Needy and her boyfriend Chip (Johnny Simmons) have sex. Needy, with sort of a psychic connection to Jennifer, senses that something awful has happened and leaves Chip's house in a panic. While driving, she almost runs over Jennifer, who is covered in Colin's blood and seems monster-like. Needy rushes home and tries to ease her horrifying thoughts of Jennifer by going to bed. There she finds Jennifer, who, after teasing her with a long and passionate kiss, explains what happened the night after she left the bar with the band. She even shows Needy what happens when she is "full" (as this is her most powerful state); she cuts herself across the arm, and the cut heals almost immediately. After suggesting that Needy is delusional and may need professional help when she questions Jennifer about this new power, Needy tells her to leave. Though initially reluctant to oblige her, suggesting they can continue their romantic encounter, Jennifer jumps out of the second-story window and vanishes.

The next day at school, the news of a death of yet another classmate stuns the town. Needy goes to the occult section of the library to do research and finds out that Jennifer is a succubus; that she is weakest when she is hungry, and must eat flesh in order to sustain her life and appearance. She surmises that Jennifer is eating the bodies of boys to survive.

Needy decides she must stop Jennifer, as she fears Chip may be her next intended victim. All the while, the band that performed at the bar have become local heroes, having lied about helping people out of the fire. Needy tells Chip not to attend the dance and breaks up with him because she fears for his safety; he goes to the dance anyway, however, hoping to make up with her. As he is walking to the dance, Jennifer sneaks up on him, claiming she has always had romantic feelings for him and that Needy was cheating on him with Colin. Chip gives in to her, and they begin kissing. She later takes him to an abandoned pool house consisting of sickly green water. Needy arrives moments later, to see Jennifer feeding on Chip. Needy jumps into the pool and attempts to drown Jennifer, but Jennifer begins hovering above the water as Needy helps Chip, who is bleeding from the neck, out of the pool. Needy reasons that after all these years Jennifer has been the true insecure one, and Jennifer and Needy begin to fight; as soon as Jennifer tries to attack her, Chip stabs Jennifer with a pool skimmer. Jennifer bleeds a little, but then escapes. Needy cradles Chip as he dies, both proclaiming their love for one another. Later, she attacks weakened Jennifer in her own home. As they fight, she pulls out a boxcutter and cuts Jennifer twice, in an x marking, across her stomach, which does not affect her. She then rips off Jennifer's "BFF" necklace, stunning Jennifer and causing them to have flashbacks of their childhood friendship; as this happens, she stabs Jennifer in the heart with the boxcutter, setting her free. After Jennifer dies, her mother comes into her room and finds Needy on top of her daughter's body.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1131734/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS