How many times have you found yourself in a place where you needed a new article for your niche wordpress blogs?

- Avoid duplicate content penalties
- This is not an rss feeder for wordpress

This is the ultimate WordPress Plugin that will automatically post UNIQUE FULL LENGTH articles to your blog in the niches and categories you specify.

Post quality, original content on your niche blogs AUTOMATICALLY and attract a lot of highly targeted free traffic!

There is a nearly limitless supply of the content. You’ll never need to stress over content again!

The content you'll receive on your blog is unique. That means that when you accept articles on your blog they will be unique and you won't have any trouble with duplicate content penalties from the search engines.

Its proven content. This content has been written by experts in their field and human edited and reviewed that the end result will be just as readable and well written as the original.

Its FREE. You can use this content as much as you want, wherever you want without needing to worry about royalties or hidden expenses.

Its fresh content. Everyone knows that Google loves fresh content. This content source is virtually untapped because most people don’t know how or where to find it.

Its available for nearly any niche. That means there are a wealth of articles you can have sent to your blog covering nearly any niche topic!

So what do all these mean for you?

Create passive streams of income through affiliate sales, Adsense, banner ads and more with your blogs (which means more money)

Get your website indexed almost instantly by Google (which means more traffic)

Update your blogs automatically (which saves time and effort)

Quality post content from a variety of sources, including audios and videos (which provides flexibility)

Benefit from the power of the Social Bookmarking Web 2.0 sites (which means even more traffic)

Presented by 
 
http://ArticleMarketingGuru.com

plugin and instructions can be download her:
 
http://articlemarketingguru.com/downloads/instructions.pdf