 http://bayimg.com/CapcDaaCn

Not Angels But Angels (1994) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110690/

Czech with hard English subtitles

Not Angels But Angels is a 1994 documentary film about young men in Prague working as prostitutes. The creator of the documentary, Wiktor Grodecki interviews the men, some of whom are underage, to find out more about their lives and how they came to be making a living by selling sex. The film also explores the hopes and fears of the young men, what they hope to be doing in the future, and coping with the possibility of being infected with HIV.

This is a precursor to Grodecki's Body Without Soul and Mandragora--a documentary about gay prostitution in Prague in which the filmmaker interviews some 20 young men, ages 14 to 19, who earn a living through the sex trade. They talk about how they got into the business, why they work as hustlers (the money!), and without realising it they reveal their own ignorance about the seedy world they've become part of. Most of their clients are tourists--usually Germans--who pick them up in the central rail station, public swimming pools and nightclubs. And Grodecki also interviews a guy who "likes to help them"--a young, callous pimp who makes deals between men and the boys. 

Basic interviews with the boys contrast against the sinister pimp and images of Prague's historical beauty--all accompanied by classical music. The conversations are almost shockingly frank--these young men are willing to talk about everything from how their parents kicked them out of the house to their arrival on the streets, their first experience, what they charge, their strangest clients, their hopes and their fears (mostly of Aids, which they clearly know very little about). Sexuality is a big issue, as some show a revulsion for homosexuality--it's a distasteful job for them. 

The film is so matter-of-fact that it's almost hard to watch--this is normal life for them all. As the film progresses, it becomes clear firstly how their innocence has been stolen from them by desperation, and also how little they know of the realities of the lifestyle they're trapped in. This is essentially a rough first draft of the much more carefully crafted Body Without Soul (Mandragora has a dramatic plot), and like that second film Grodecki seems to poke a bit too deep. We feel like voyeurs preying on these innocent-looking cherubs. 

