Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Slow Dance" is a song performed by American R&B singer-songwriter Keri Hilson, from her debut studio album, In a Perfect World…. It will be released as the fifth official single from the album. The song was primarily written by Hilson and Justin Timberlake and produced by The Royal Court and Jim Beanz.

Hilson filmed two music videos for the song. It will be the follow-up to Hilson's previous worldwide smash "Knock You Down" which reached top 5 in many territories. So far the song is confirmed for only an American release as stated by Hilson in an interview in London, UK.

The music video was shot with director Chris Robinson and features cameo appearances by Chris Brown, Omarion, Monica, Polow da Don, designer Melody Eshani, and Melody Thornton. The video premiered on September 11, 2009.

The song was co-written by Hilson and Justin Timberlake back in 2007 when Hilson had guest appearance performances on the UK leg of Timberlake's FutureSex/LoveShow concert tour. It was one of several songs that the pair had worked on. When selecting songs for the album Hilson was determined to use at least one of her collaborations with Timberlake. Timbaland used Prince 80's Minneapolis sound as a backing with the prominent use of the Linn Drum; i.e. Raspberry Beret as the snare to create the old school atmosphere.

Before being mastered the single received additional writing credits from The Royal Court (J. Harmon, Johnkenum Deon Spivery and King Logan) who would go on to produce the song with Timbaland's associate Jim Beanz. The song was rumoured to feature Justin Timberlake and had previously been rumoured to be the second single but "Return The Favor" was released to US markets instead.

Hilson performed the song on September 18, 2009 on "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

