PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 1115F4428E176E9AE747EBE5E321CB03AB5520FD
File Size: 263.18 MB
Year: 1992
Label: DCC / Sandstone
Catalog #: SAN 5011


Since Demonoid member DuckPlumber was so nice to up Yes – 90125 I figured I would up another Steve Hoffman Remaster. This is the only Hoffman remaster I have on disc so enjoy! And Merry Christmas!


 
If anybody else has some Steve Hoffman Remasters please make them available :)


Kit






Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Steve Hoffman is an audio engineer from Los Angeles, California, who specializes in remastering sound recordings on compact disc and vinyl record. In the 1980s, he worked at MCA for nine years. He has since done remastering work for companies such as Digital Compact Classics (DCC) and Audio Fidelity, Analogue Productions, Rural Rhythm and, presently, S&P.


In his early years Steve Hoffman worked in radio and earned a degree in mass communications from California State University, Northridge.[1] Later, he went to work for MCA where he would compile running orders for Greatest Hits albums. Disappointed about the quality of many early compilations, he made it a priority to seek out the original master tapes rather than later copies for the releases he was working on.[2]

The first CD Steve Hoffman remastered was "For The First Time Anywhere" by Buddy Holly, which consists of ten early undubbed recordings.

His approach to remastering is a minimalist one, often eschewing many common processing steps in order to present a true representation of the original master tapes. He attains this by avoiding compression, limiting, equalization and noise reduction






Rock The First – Volume Five 



Tracks 

Whats Love Got To Do With It – Tina Turner
Missing You – John Waite
Election Day – Arcadia
When I’m With You – Sheriff
Take My Breath Away – Berlin
Life In A Northern Town – Dream Academy
Every Rose Has Its Thorn – Poison
Hold On To The Nights – Richard Marx
Suddenly Last Summer – The Motels
I Can Dream About You – Dan Hartman




Enjoy :)
