File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:20

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1619 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.32 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Superstitious" is a 1988 single released by the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was the first single released from the album Out of This World. It charted at #31 in the Billboard Hot 100, #9 at the Mainstream Rock Tracks and #34 in the UK Singles Chart.

The video for "Superstitious" was filmed at an old castle on Long Island, New York. When performing the song live on tour in 1990-92, Europe included a part of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry" in the middle of the song.

Out of This World is the fourth studio album by the Swedish metal band Europe. Released on 9 August, 1988 through Epic Records, the album was a huge commercial success selling over 1 million units in the United States alone, peaking at number 19 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide. It was recorded at Olympic Studios, London, England.

Six singles were released from the album: "Superstitious", "Open Your Heart", "Let the Good Times Rock", "More Than Meets the Eye", "Sign of the Times" and "Tomorrow". "Tomorrow" was only released in Brazil.

"Superstitious" was the first song on the album, written by Joey Tempest. It was the first single released from the album and is arguably one of Europe's most recognizable and popular songs. The song peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and peaked at number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song reached number 35 on the Canadian Singles Chart. The song was released in Australia, Europe and New Zealand in July 1988. "Superstitious" reached the UK top forty at 34. "Superstitious" continued the trend of lower-charting singles when it charted. The song reached number one in Norway and their homeland Sweden.

"Open Your Heart" and "Let the Good Times Rock" would become minor hits in the UK with "Open Your Heart" charting at 86 and "Let the Good Times Rock" peaking at 85. Three more singles would be released, yet none of them charted. "Tomorrow" was the last of the six, and was only released in Brazil.

Out of This World was the band's follow up album to the successful album The Final Countdown. Upon its release in August 1988, Out of This World peaked at #19 on the Billboard 200 album chart. The album did not match its predecessor. The album is Europe's best-selling album in Switzerland. Out of This World achieved Platinum status in the United States, gold platinum status in Canada, and Switzerland.

Allmusic gave Out of This World three out of five stars. Reviewer Andy Hinds said, "Europe produces made-to-order lite metal with admirable craftsmanship and occasionally memorable hooks. "Superstitious" even has a disarming gospel quality. This is hard rock with all the edges sanded off. Capable lead singer Joey Tempest carries the tunes with nonthreatening panache, while Kee Marcello (who proved his virtuosity on Europe's previous by performing "Flight of the Bumblebee") provides plenty of nice guitar solos."

Out of This World included the hit singles "Superstitious", "Open Your Heart", "Let the Good Times Rock", "More Than Meets the Eye", "Sign of the Times" and "Tomorrow", all of which had accompanying music videos. Only "Superstitious" charted in America. "Open Your Heart" and "Let the Good Times Rock" charted in the UK, the other singles didn't chart. The sixth single, "Tomorrow", was released in Brazil only. "Superstitious" was the most successful song from Out of This World on the rock charts, reaching number thirty one on the Billboard Hot 100 and number nine on the Mainstream Rock Tracks. "Superstitious" was released in the fall of 1988 and became arguably the band's most recognizable song from the album. Its music video received heavy airplay on music television.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/