In this cdrip collection i have provided covers and cd jpegs [pictures]
Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
cheers, bubanee

I Look to You is the sixth studio album by American R&B/pop singer Whitney Houston. It was announced in March 2007 by Clive Davis (head of Arista Records), that the singer would be recording the album. 

The album will be a mixture of R&B, big ballads, and dance music. According to Davis, the album is aiming not to simply follow current music marketing trends, but instead, stay true to who Houston is and the impact she has made on the music industry. The roster of producers and writers include Swizz Beatz, Johnta Austin, Alicia Keys, R. Kelly, Harvey Mason, Jr., and Akon, who is the only guest vocalist on the album.

Houston's performance on Good Morning America's 'Fall Concerts' series on the American television broadcast network ABC aired on September 02, 2009. She performed songs from this album, including single "Million Dollar Bill" and title song "I Look to You", as well as previous hits "I'm Every Woman" and "My Love Is Your Love".

1. 	"Million Dollar Bill"   	Alicia Keys, Kasseem Dean, Norman Harris 	Kaseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, Alicia Keys 	3:24
2. 	"Nothin' But Love"   	Franne Golde, Fernando Garibay, Kasia Livingston, Nathaniel Hills 	Nathaniel "Danja" Hills, Fernando Garibay 	3:35
3. 	"Call You Tonight"   	Tor Erik Hermansen, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Johntá Austin 	StarGate 	4:08
4. 	"I Look to You"   	Robert Kelly 	Harvey Mason, Jr., Emanuel Kiriakou, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart 	4:25
5. 	"Like I Never Left" (featuring Akon) 	Whitney Houston, Aliaune Thiam, Giorgio Tuinfort, Claude Kelly 	Aliaune "Akon" Thiam 	3:49
6. 	"A Song for You"   	Leon Russell 	StarGate 	4:11
7. 	"I Didn't Know My Own Strength"   	Diane Warren 	David Foster 	3:40
8. 	"Worth It"   	Eric Hudson, J. Austin 	Eric Hudson 	4:39
9. 	"For the Lovers"   	Marcella Araica, C. Kelly, N. Hills 	Danja 	4:14
10. 	"I Got You"   	Whitney Houston, Aliaune Thiam, Giorgio Tuinfort, Claude Kelly 	Akon, Giorgio Tuinfort 	4:12
11. 	"Salute"   	R. Kelly 	R. Kelly 	4:10