Tuesday, March 9, 2010

Today we’ll be discussing the story of disgraced Congressman Eric Massa and his slow descent into madness… or a featured appearance today on the Glenn Beck show, which is kind of the same thing.  If you haven’t heard, Eric Massa, an upstate Democratic Congressman from New York, is accused of sexually harassing a male aide.  At a wedding a few months ago, a male aide joked to Massa that he (Massa) should be chasing after bridesmaids. From what happened next, I’m guessing that comment was meant to be ironic. In Massa’s own words “I grabbed the staff member sitting next to me and said, ‘Well, what I really ought to be doing is fracking you.’ And then I tossled the guy’s hair and left.” Yeesh. It would be less disturbing if he just used the real f-word and grabbed the guy’s crotch. And I hope he didn’t use the word “fracking” during the incident. What’s the point of that? Is this sexual harassment that’s trying for a PG rating? From Masa’s own description, this is the most awkward sexual approach ever that didn’t actually involve a rag soaked in chloroform. 

So now Eric Massa is following up the world’s most awkward and absurd sexual incident with the world’s most awkward and absurd defense. He claims this is all part of a plot by the White House to get rid of him because he voted against the healthcare bill in the House. I’ll say this—if the White House dreamed up this scenario to destroy him, they’re geniuses, because when he described it, he sounded like a damned lunatic. This is like like “Gaslight,” “Whatever Happened to Baby Jane,” and “Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte” all rolled into one. Massa said the White House “will stop at nothing to pass this health care bill. And now they’ve gotten rid of me and it will pass. You connect the dots.” Well, if you want unrelated dots connected, the place to go is Glenn Beck. And that’s exactly where Massa is going, today.  Glenn Beck has never met two dots he couldn’t connect… and then connect them to a progressive conspiracy that started with Teddy Roosevelt. It should be more fun than a boiling pot full of rubber frogs. I just hope these two guys can have a nice cry together.