www.theherooftime.com

About

The Hero of Time is a feature-length, independent fan-film produced by BMB FINISHES in Atlanta, Georgia. It was directed and produced by Joel Musch. David Blane was also a producer of the film and starred as Link.

The Hero of Time Just had its WORLD PREMIERE on June 6th 2009 here in Atlanta.

The film was shot mainly on weekends over the span of about two years from August ‘04 through January ‘06. Post production started immediately and a rough edit void of any special fx was contrived early in ‘07. The lack of visual fx and music help was challenging to the films progress; nevertheless the film printed a final draft in Oct ‘08 thanks to all the additional help from saints like George R. Powell (composer)!

The film is set in Hyrule where a young boy from the forest (Link) is beckoned by his dreams and the sage of the forest (Deku Tree) to venture to the city of Hyrule and seek princess Zelda’s council. The evil Lord Ganondorf has plotted to overthrow the kingdom which propels Princess Zelda into hiding. Link endeavors to save them by pulling of the Master Sword in the Temple of Time. Consequently sending him 5 years into the future where Ganon now rules and threatens the future of the kingdom. Link must find a way to not only save his princess but the land he’s fervent for.


Disclaimer: The Hero of Time is not an official Legend of Zelda movie, and is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Nintendo. The Legend of Zelda, Ocarina of Time, Link, Zelda, Ganon and related characters belong to Nintendo.

Note: Nintendo had BMB Finishes remove the movie from Dailymotion, where they had posted it for FREE. I love Nintendo, but that was lame.

On the movie file itself:
I ripped it from the Dailymotion site in HQ, and re-encoded it to a Divx AVI file.
Dimensions are 720 x 480. The best quality version out there, I think.


Feel free to spread this movie as it is completely free, just don't remove my name as I took the time to rip and encode it. Enjoy !