Fuck Sasha Grey (XXX) (Request) - More of her stuff is on the way.

Source: Fuck Sasha Grey XXX DVDRip XviD-NYMPHO

Encoded for G1, PSP, iPod, iPod Touch, iPhone, Zune

Enjoy and please help me seed, so I can release more stuff faster! (^_^)

XXX Movie Nfo - A Collection Of Classic, Never Before Released Scenes Of The 'Dirtiest Girl In The World!'

Superstar Sasha Grey may be crossing over into mainstream entertainment, but
the bewitching, young porn savant has done some of her most intense erotic
performance before Belladonna's camera. Fuck Sasha Grey is composed of five
never-released scenes that show both the range of Sasha's lustful talent and
the imaginative, diverse art/sex Belladonna is known for. Each of the five
scenes presents sexual power exchange, with escalating intensity. Sex with
a human-size teddy bear would be almost innocent if not for Sasha's animalistic
horniness, which also comes to the fore in a scene in which she portrays a
leashed, caged dog. As a tarted up street hooker she entertains two black studs
Two scuzzy orderlies take ultimate advantage of straitjacketed Sasha in her padded
cell. In each of those scenes, Sasha displays her deep throat skills and her comely
ass gets reamed. And dominant Claire Adams works Sasha over in a humiliating
girl-girl S & M session complete with electric shocking, graphically squirting
enemas and flooding facials of female ejaculate. There's a bonus scene in which
the star takes another double-dicking

Cast: Sasha Grey, Belladonna, Kurt Lockwood, Rico Strong, Brian Pumper, Tony T, Claire Adams, Steve Holmes

GENRE: Gonzo, Fetish, All Sex, Anal, Interracial, 

RUNTIME: 2hrs 41mins

Video Specs: 
Video #0          : AVC at 400 Kbps
Aspect            : 480 x 256 (1.331) at 23.976 fps

Audio #0          : AAC at 128 Kbps
Infos             : 2 channels, 48.0 KHz


Please seed when finished downloading and leave a comment, request, etc. And above all ENJOY!

If anyone would like any tv show, movie, music video, or yes, even XXX, for PSP or any other handheld device for that matter. I would be more than happy to do it for you. Just leave a comment or send an email to movi3sdir3ct@hotbox.ru 