From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:


This vid's a hot one, as two of our most popular studs go at it! We've been getting tons of e-mails asking to see more of Patrick since his first two vids appeared online, and it's no wonder why! He's simply gorgeous, with an amazing face and wonderfully toned body, and a nice big dick to boot! Ryan's a completely handsome, totally ripped muscle stud armed with a big cock himself! So pairing these two studs up was a recipe for sure success.

After a little bit of small talk and chit chat with the guys, I stepped back to let them get to it, and get do it they did! The guys make out for a while before Patrick feasts on Ryan's cock. It isn't long before Ryan wants to suck on some dick too, and so the guys 69 for awhile and get each other ready for what every Friday update here on CorbinFisher.com guarantees you - some super hot fucking :)

Ryan knows it's coming, and wants it bad. He even tells Patrick how much he wants to bury his dick in Patrick's hole, and Patrick can't wait for it either as he invites Ryan to do just that! Ryan's expert tongue-job on Patrick's hole must have really done the trick getting Patrick eager for it ;) The guys start off with Patrick riding Ryan's cock, and it really is an amazing site - a buff straight stud like Ryan laying back and loving every bit of it as a stunningly hot guy like Patrick impales himself on his dick and bounces up and down. Patrick started off his ever shy and quiet self, but as we've seen before, he really comes out of his shell once the action gets rolling! It's not long before he's asking Ryan to fuck him harder and telling Ryan how good it feels with his dick inside him. Through doggie style and the missionary position, you can see Patrick getting more and more fired up and Ryan drilling his partner harder and harder.

The cumshot is often a pretty darn good way to judge just how much fun two of our guys are having with one another, and with this vid, the cumshots make it pretty clear the sex was intense, damn hot, and over the top! Patrick blows his load while getting fucked on his back, and Ryan blasts what truly is a massive, even monumental load all over Patrick's hot face!

No doubt both of these young studs are great at what they do, and great to look at while they're doing it! You'll certainly see more of both of them... if you're able to make it through this video in one piece! ;)