Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"People Get Ready" was a 1965 single by The Impressions, and the title track from the album of the same name. The single is today the group's best-known hit, reaching number-three on the Billboard R&B Chart and number 14 on the Billboard Pop Chart. The gospel-influenced track was a Curtis Mayfield composition, and displayed the growing sense of social and political awareness in his writing.

Rolling Stone magazine named "People Get Ready" the 24th greatest song of all time. The song was included in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. "People Get Ready" has also been chosen as one of the Top 10 Best Songs Of All Time by a panel of 20 top industry songwriters and producers, including Paul McCartney, Brian Wilson, Hal David, and others as reported toMojo music magazine.

Mayfield said, "That was taken from my church or from the upbringing of messages from the church. Like there's no hiding place and get on board, and images of that sort. I must have been in a very deep mood of that type of religious inspiration when I wrote that song." The song is the first Impressions hit to feature Mayfield's guitar in the break.

Jeff Beck and Rod Stewart (this version reached #48 in the US).

Flash is a 1985 album by rock guitarist Jeff Beck. It was produced by Nile Rodgers and hit #42 in the US, while winning the 1986 Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental performance for Escape song. The album included his hit collaboration with Rod Stewart, a cover of The Impressions' "People Get Ready."

As was common in the mid 80s, the CD version included bonus tracks, which were "Nighthawks" (B Side Of Wild Thing) and "Back On The Streets" (B Side Of People Get Ready). These did not however include Wild Thing, a non album single released the same year. This was later included on Beckology.

Geoffrey Arnold "Jeff" Beck (born 24 June 1944) is an English rock guitarist. He is one of the three noted guitarists, along with Eric Clapton and Jimmy Page, to have played with The Yardbirds. Beck also formed The Jeff Beck Group, and Beck, Bogert & Appice, besides his successful solo career.

Roderick David "Rod" Stewart, CBE (born 10 January 1945) is asinger-songwriter and musician, born and raised in North London, England and currently residing in Epping. He is of Scottish and English lineage.

With his distinctive raspy singing voice, Stewart came to prominence in the late 1960s and early 1970s with The Jeff Beck Group and then Faces. He launched his solo career in 1969 with his debut album An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down (US: The Rod Stewart Album). His work with The Jeff Beck Group and Faces proved to be influential on the formation of the heavy metal and punk rock genres, respectively.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/