SRS-Online #16 Jamison Green

In the first segment, Susan, Teeg, and Jessica discuss the news. Susan announces a new feature on the website - ask a guest. Teeg shares a touching story about how Jamison Green helped a young FtM who had lost hope.

Show #16's featured interview is with Jamison Green. Jamison "James" Green is an internationally respected leader within the Transgender movement. A dynamic speaker and compelling writer, James has appeared in ten documentary films, and received every major award given by the largest national transgender organizations. He is an acknowledged inspiration for thousands of people, transsexual and non-transsexual alike. Also joining us in this show's interview is Jamison's wife, Heidi. Heidi is a long-time political activist committed to ending racism and homophobia.

ALSO INCLUDES BEHIND THE SCENES MP3 "CALLS" FILE


SRS-Online #17 Shannon Minter

Show #17's featured interview is with Shannon Minter, Esq.. Shannon is the Legal Director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights, one of the nation's leading advocacy organizations for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people. In 2005, Shannon was one of 18 people to receive the Ford Foundation's "Leadership for a Changing World" award. In 2004, Shannon was awarded an Honorary Degree from the City University of New York School of Law for his advocacy on behalf of same-sex couples and their families. Shannon serves on the boards of Equality California and the Transgender Law & Policy Institute.



SRS-Online #18 Christine Beatty

This week, Chloe and Jessica join hosts Susan and TG Spirit during the news and interview.

Show #18's featured interview is with Christine Beatty, a software engineer, freelance journalist, author, and screenwriter. Kate Bornstein once lovingly referred to Christine as a media slut due to her extensive appearances on both local and national radio and television shows as an outspoken transgender activist. As part of her efforts to be a very visible trans woman, Christine co-founded the band Glamazon. She received the Los Angeles County Transgender Task Force's "MTF of the Year" award in 2001 for her work with the band.


SRS-Online #19 Dr. Preecha

This was a short week for us due to Colorado Gold Rush so there are only a couple of news items. In lieu of more news, Susan, TG Spirit, and Jessica discuss the future of the show.

This week's featured interview is with Dr. Preecha Tiewtranon, M.D., the father of SRS in Thailand. Dr. Preecha has been performing SRS since 1973 and has trained the vast majority of surgeons currently performing SRS in Thailand. Dr. Preecha has appeared on TV5 in France, BBC, CNN, and the Discovery Channel.


SRS-Online #20 Laura Marlowe & Pamela Gray

We're baaack!! It's been a little while and we're still trying to knock some of the rust off but we've returned with a great interview with Laura Marlowe and Pamela Gray. This show's news segment was slightly haphazard but we're still trying to work out how we want to do the first half of the show. If you're interested in joining in the fun for a show or two, send us an email, call the show voicemail (714-656-3487), or post on the forums. We look forward to more wonderful interviews and we're glad you're still with us!

This week we interview Laura Marlowe and Pamela Gray, the president and treasurer of the California Dreamin' transgender conference. The conference, now in its fourth year under the current board, is held yearly in San Jose, California. Laura and Pamela have a long history in the San Francisco Bay Area TG community and we hope you find their interview as fun and informative as we did.