Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Sweet Emotion" is a song by American rock band Aerosmith. It was released in 1975 as the first single from the band's breakthrough smash Toys in the Attic. The song began a string of pop hits and large-scale mainstream success for the band that would continue for the remainder of the 1970s. The song was written by lead singer Steven Tyler and bassist Tom Hamilton.

The video for the re-released version is based on a phone sex conversation. In the video, it shows a young man under his covers with a magazine which is advertising a phone sex line. The man and woman talk about each other for a bit, until it goes into a shot of the band performing in someone's basement (this portion of the video was actually recorded in the band's old apartment on 1325 Commonwealth Avenue in Boston) It switches back-and-forth between Aerosmith performing "Sweet Emotion" and the phone conversation. At the very end, it is revealed that the sexy woman the young man is talking with is not what he sees her as in his mind. She is shown to be an overweight older woman with a baby living in a poor house. Throughout most of the video, Perry is playing a Gibson Les Paul but plays the riff on a Fender Stratocaster.

"Sweet Emotion" was released as a single in 1975, and peaked at #36 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the band's breakthrough single and the first Top 40 hit for the band. The day it hit #36 on the U.S. chart, July 19, 1975, Aerosmith was booked at a gig in New York City's Central Park, called the Schaefer Music Festival. The song was so successful that the band decided to ride the heels of success and re-release their first single, "Dream On", which had originally charted at #59 in 1973. The re-released version went on to hit #6, the highest chart performance in the 1970s for the band.

Toys in the Attic is the third album by American rock band Aerosmith. The album is their second most commercially successful studio album, with eight million copies sold in the US alone.

Steven Tyler claims that his original idea for the album cover was a teddy bear sitting in the attic with its wrist cut and stuffing spread across the floor. They decided, in the end, to put all of the animals in instead.

In 2003, the album was ranked number 228 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. Also the song "Toys in the Attic" is part the The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll list.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

