Star Trek - Enterprise (Season 2)

Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-FI
Year: 2001
Country: USA
Runtime: 26 ep. х 42 min
Director: Rick Berman & Brannon Braga
Cast: Scott Bakula, Jolene Blalock, Dominic Keating, John Billingsley, Anthony Montgomery ,Linda Park, Connor Trinneer, Mark Correy

.: Plot :.
The first two seasons of Star Trek: Enterprise depict the exploration of interstellar space by the crew of an Earth ship able to go farther and faster than any humans had previously gone, due to the breaking of the Warp 5 barrier, analogous to the Bell X-1 breaking the sound barrier. The crew faces situations that are familiar to Star Trek fans, but are unencumbered and unjaded by the experience and rules which have built up over hundreds of years of Trek history established in previous Star Trek series. Star Trek: Enterprise takes pains to show the origins of some concepts which have become taken for granted in Star Trek canon, such as Lt. Reed's development of force fields and Captain Archer's questions about cultural interference eventually being answered by later series' Prime Directive.

A recurring plot device is the Temporal Cold War, in which a mysterious entity from the 27th century uses the Cabal, a group of genetically upgraded Suliban, to manipulate the timeline and change past events. Sometimes sabotaging Enterprise's mission and sometimes saving the ship from destruction, the entity's motives are unknown. Agent Daniels, a temporal agent from the 31st century, visits Captain Archer occasionally to assist him in fighting the Suliban and undoing damage to the timeline.

In the past ninety years since Star Trek: First Contact, the Vulcans have been mentoring humanity to what they see as an appropriate level of civilization, routinely holding back scientific knowledge in an effort to keep humans stranded close to home, believing them to be too irrational and emotionally-dominated to function properly in an interstellar community. When Enterprise finally sets out, the Vulcans are often conspicuously close by. This generates some conflict as, in several early episodes, Archer and others complain bitterly of the Vulcans' unsubtle methods of checking up on them.

Rating: 7.3/10