File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:11

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 3972 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.79 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Revenge is the 16th studio album by Kiss, released in 1992. It was the band's first album after the death of long-time drummer Eric Carr in November 1991. His replacement, Eric Singer, had played with Black Sabbath, Badlands, Brian May and Alice Cooper, among others.

The album was dedicated to Carr, and the last track ("Carr Jam 1981") was a demo he had recorded soon after joining the group. One modification to the song, however, was the dubbing of Bruce Kulick's guitar over Ace Frehley's, which originally appeared. The main riff of the song was used as the basis for the Frehley's Comet song "Breakout," found on 1987's Frehley's Comet.

The first single released from the album was God Gave Rock 'n' Roll to You II, which was a big hit in the UK reaching number 4, it peaked at number 21 on the US Mainstream Rock Tracks Chart and number 18 on the Australian Singles Charts. Domino was the next single from the album, peaking at number 26 on the US mainstream rock tracks chart. The third was I Just Wanna, which peaked at number 34 on the Us Mainstream Rock Tracks Chart. The last single was Every Time I Look at You, which didn't chart at all. Unholy was promotionly released. All singles had music videos.

In February 1991, Kiss returned to the studio, reuniting with producer Bob Ezrin, to work on a cover of Argent's God Gave Rock 'N Roll To You for the movie Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey, which would be released that July. It would be the last song Kiss did with Eric Carr. However, during the sessions, Carr was beginning to fall ill. Eric Singer wound up playing drums on the song, while Carr provided background vocals.

Carr went to the hospital and was diagnosed with heart cancer. He underwent open heart surgery in April 1991 to remove tumors. Shortly after the surgery, Carr joined the band to perform in the "God Gave Rock 'N Roll To You" music video. After the shoot, Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons persuaded Carr to take care of his health and not worry about the band. Carr's last public appearance with Kiss was at the MTV Video Music Awards in September 1991. Kiss' original plan was for Singer to play drums with the band, until Carr was healthy enough to return. Unfortunately, Carr's health turned for the worse and died in November 1991, and Kiss tapped Singer in as their new drummer.

In December 1991, Kiss and Bob Ezrin returned to the studio to work on a new album. In a surprising move, they sought help from former guitarist Vinnie Vincent among others, to work on the songs. In a salute to their late drummer, "God Gave Rock 'N Roll To You II" and "Carr Jam 1981" were added. The album was finished in March 1992.

"God Gave Rock 'N' Roll To You II", "Unholy", and "Domino" are the songs from the album that have endured as regular Kiss live staples. "I Just Wanna" and "Take It Off" were played on the Revenge tour and appeared on Alive III, and "Every Time I Look at You" was performed on Kiss Unplugged.

It was certified Gold (500,000 units sold) on July 20, 1992.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/