Relevant Info from Wiki:

The Lawnmower Man is a 1992 film which uses elements from the writings of Stephen King, most notably the short story of the same name.

The film's original script, written by director Brett Leonard and producer Gimel Everett, was titled "Cyber God" and had nothing to do with King's story. New Line Cinema held the film rights to King's short story, and decided to combine "Cyber God" with some very minor elements of King's story. The resulting film, originally titled "Stephen King's The Lawnmower Man", differed so much from the source material that King sued the filmmakers to remove his name from the title. After two court rulings in King's favor, New Line still did not comply and initially released the home video version as "Stephen King's The Lawnmower Man". A third ruling granted the author $10,000 per day in compensation and all profits derived from sales until his name was removed. On King's official web-page, it is not listed among the films based on his work. The film was released in Japan under the title "Virtual Wars".

If you want the original theatrical version, go for this R1 -release. It has a commentary that is not on the UK disc. The 12 deleted scenes found on R1 and R2 UK is the additional footage for the "Director's Cut".

The R2 Scandinavian -release is the only known release with the full "Director's Cut" intact on the DVD, hence it's missing the 12 deleted scenes. However, it only has 4:3 transfer!

R1 America - (New Line)

Commentaries:
Commentary by director Brett Leonard and producer Gimel Everett

Extras:
Production notes
Theatrical trailer
12 deleted scenes
Interviews with the
Edited animated sequences with original music
Storyboard comparison

Subtitles: English HoH and Spanish

Aspect Ratio: 1.85:1

Picture Format: ANAMORPHIC

TV System: NTSC

Soundtrack(s): English Dolby Digital 5.1

Fits on 2 DVD-5's. No shrinkage of any kind.
Comes with ALL artwork.
Hi-Res .png files.
This DVD is a flipper (film on one side, special features on the other)
so there are no disc scans; had to create them (not the best, but they'll do).
No HD-DVD or Blu-Ray version has been released.
AFAIK, this is the best version available...