ACDSee Photo Manager 12.0.342
Full Version with Serial

OS: Windows XP with Service Pack 2, Vista or Windows® 7 (32/64Bit)
MultiLanguage

[IMG]http://i777.photobucket.com/albums/yy56/trt-crew/acdsee-box-small.jpg[/IMG]

Experience the latest version of the award-winning ACDSee Photo Manager 
software. Organizing and sharing your photos is now even easier with 
ACDSee 12’s redesigned interface, free online storage and all-new tools 

Manage your memories with ease
Lightning-fast and easy to use, ACDSee Photo Manager 12 has everything 
you need to organize your photos, perfect your shots, and share your 
memories with friends and family. Quickly and easily browse and find 
photos, and fix red-eye, lighting and more with easy-to-use editing 
tools. Then share your best through e-mail, prints or your own personal 
space on ACDSeeOnline.com 

View fast
ACDSee 12's viewing speed is second to none. Open photos from anywhere 
on your computer or e-mail with the fastest image viewing technology 
available. That means you spend less time waiting for your photos to 
load and more time enjoying them. Zoom through your latest shots, browse 
instant slide shows’, and enjoy full-size previews. Looking at your 
photos has never been this fun or this fast. 

Browse your collection 
Browse all your photos right away. Unlike catalog-based photo 
applications, you don’t need to waste valuable time importing files that 
are already on your computer and connected devices. Access your folders 
and files live, in real time. Sort, group and filter photos by camera 
information, edited state or other criteria for super fast scanning. You 
can also browse by date or event to see photos from a specific occasion. 

Organize from the start
Hit the ground running. Specify categories, add keywords and create 
backups as you upload photos from your camera, card reader or other 
device. When importing is done, your images are ready for you to browse 
and share. 

Manage everything in one place
Bring together over 100 file types into one convenient place. View, 
manage, and get extensive format support for your photos, audio, and 
video clips including BMP, GIF, JPG, PNG, PSD, MP3, MPEG, TIFF, WAV and 
many others 

Keep track of all your photos 
Manage your collection the way that works best for you. Unlike other 
photo software, ACDSee doesn't impose a one-size-fits-all organization 
system. Create your own categories and keywords, mark favorites, edit 
your metadata, and rate your shots. Rename, resize, rotate, or edit file 
information on groups of photos at once. Plus tag your best photos and 
bring them all together for further editing or sharing. 

Find any photo
ACDSee 12's powerful search tools can help you find any photo, even if 
you have thousands in your collection. Enter keyword phrases like 
“summer vacation” or “school play”, search only specific folders, and 
find that one special image with the Quick Search bar. Or perform more 
detailed searches and save them for ongoing use 

Perfect your photos with easy-to-use editing tools
Instantly correct exposure, fix red eye, and erase unwanted objects. 
Rescue photos that are too light or dark with a single click. Turn your 
photos black and white, add text, and put a finishing touch such as a 
vignette, border or drop shadow. Apply creative effects to selected 
areas of your photos. Edit with the peace of mind that your original 
files are never altered. With ACDSee, it's never too late to achieve the 
shot you were hoping to get. 

Publish and store photos online
It's easier than ever to share your photos with friends and family 
online. Simply drag and drop files from ACDSee 12 to your own personal 
storage space on ACDSeeOnline.com. Your free account includes 2 GB of 
storage space.* Organize, sort and tag your photos online as you do on 
your desktop. Create public albums to showcase to the world, or share 
with only a select few. If you want, they can even download your images 
at full size. Plus, share photos from ACDSeeOnline.com to Facebook®** , 
and order high-quality frameless wall prints from fotoflot®. 

Share your photos in so many ways
Want even more ways to share your memories? Email images directly from 
ACDSee. Create CDs and DVDs of your photos. Seamlessly upload to sites 
like flickr™ and SmugMug, or to web spaces you manage through FTP. And 
with ACDSee’s print layout tools it’s easy to print your photos exactly 
the way you want. 

Manage 
Stay on top of your growing photo collection with all the time-saving 
tools you need in one easy-to-use product. Unlike other photo software, 
ACDSee 12 doesn't impose a one-size-fits-all system. Manage your photos 
the way that works best for you so you stay organized and save time 

===============
INSTALL NOTES:
===============

1) Run acdsee-12-0-342-win-en.exe
2) Followe Install Steps
3) Enter Serial when asked, ( see serial.txt for Serial)
4) Done,

Enjoy,
TrT

