Real Warfare 1242-SKIDROW

Real Warfare 1242 / 1C Company 

RELEASE DATE : 10-06-2010              PROTECTION : Nothing 
GAME TYPE    : Strategy                DISKS      : 1 DVD 
Release Notes:

       The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.    
       We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark    
       under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root    
       of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and        
       nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do     
       this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene    
       started in the mid eighties.                                    
                                                                       
       If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back   
       on contacting us as soon as possible.                           
                                                                       
                                                                       
       On with the game release information:                           
                                                                       
       Russia during the XIII century was a huge state, much larger    
       than any other European country. Split by internal conflicts,   
       and yet standing strong against numerous outer threats, it was  
       attacked by the infamous Mongol Horde. They came suddenly and   
       pierced through the country like a blazing arrow. The native    
       people fought valiantly, led by a fierce warrior and prince,    
       Prince Alexander Nevsky.                                        
                                                                       
       Real Warfare: 1242, is a realistic real-time strategy game      
       based on authentic historic events. It invites you to           
       experience the glorious times of princes, knights and vast      
       battles. The player's goal is to direct Alexander Nevsky        
       through meticulously recreated historic battlegrounds and       
       achieve the greatest of victories by repelling the attacks of   
       Teutonic and Swedish knights, bringing Lithuania to peace and   
       eliminating every single invader in 1242.                       
                                                                       
       The engine incorporates state-of-the-art technologies used in   
       real-time strategy titles                                       
                                                                       
       Vivid, lifelike real-time graphics                              
                                                                       
       Carefully maintained historic setting                           
                                                                       
       Vast territories to conquer and control                         
                                                                       
       Significant level of depth and in-game freedom                  
                                                                       
       Improved unit animation(with the transition to motion capture)  
                                                                       
 Install Notes: 
                                             
2. Mount image or burn it                                       
3. Install                                                      
4. Play the game  

Year: 2009
Genre: Strategy (Real-time) / 3D
Developer: Unicorn Games Studio
Publisher: 1C Publishing
Platform: PC

- Operating system Windows XP SP2, Windows 2000 or Windows Vista;
- Intel Pentium IV processor with a clock frequency of 2.0 GHz or AMD 2000 +;
- 512 MB RAM;
- Video-level GeForce MX400 or Radeon 8500, as well as the latest driver for it;
- 3 GB of free hard disk space;
- Sound card;
- Reader DVD;
- Keyboard, Mouse. 

Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/17000/16072.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/17000/16073.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/17000/16074.jpg

Real Warfare 1242-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
Also please spread the link where you found this torrent to your friends.