Educação (An Education) 2009 - Dual Audio Portuguese-BR / English.

In the early 1960's, sixteen year old Jenny Mellor lives with her parents in the London suburb of Twickenham. On her father's wishes, everything that Jenny does is in the sole pursuit of being accepted into Oxford, as he wants her to have a better life than he. Jenny is bright, pretty, hard working but also naturally gifted. The only problems her father may perceive in her life is her issue with learning Latin, and her dating a boy named Graham, who is nice but socially awkward. Jenny's life changes after she meets David Goldman, a man over twice her age. David goes out of his way to show Jenny and her family that his interest in her is not improper and that he wants solely to expose her to cultural activities which she enjoys. Jenny quickly gets accustomed to the life to which David and his constant companions, Danny and Helen, have shown her, and Jenny and David's relationship does move into becoming a romantic one. However, Jenny slowly learns more about David, and by association Danny and Helen, and specifically how they make their money. Jenny has to decide if what she learns about them and leading such a life is worth forgoing her plans of higher eduction at Oxford. 

(No período após a Segunda Guerra Mundial, nos subúrbios londrinos da era anterior aos Beatles, uma jovem brilhante está dividida entre se preparar para estudar em Oxford e a opção mais empolgante oferecida por um carismático homem mais velho. Filme indicado a 3 Oscars incluindo de melhor filme)

Ficha Técnica
Título no Brasil: Educação
Título Original: An Education
País de Origem: Reino Unido
Gênero: Drama
Tempo de Duração: 95 minutos
Ano de Lançamento: 2009
Direção: Lone Scherfig

Elenco
Carey Mulligan ... Jenny
Olivia Williams ... Miss Stubbs
Alfred Molina ... Jack
Cara Seymour ... Marjorie
William Melling ... Small Boy #1
Connor Catchpole ... Small Boy #2
Matthew Beard ... Graham
Peter Sarsgaard ... David
Amanda Fairbank-Hynes ... Hattie
Ellie Kendrick ... Tina
Dominic Cooper ... Danny
Rosamund Pike ... Helen

Size: 709 Mb
Language: Portugues-BR / English
Subtitles: Portugues-BR

*To watch the movie in English you'll have to use Media Player Classic, Gom Player, VCL or other that works with dual audio - and change audio stream from 1 to 2 (or B). WINDOWS MEDIA PLAYER IS NO GOOD, because both audios will play at the same time. *





