Hiya all.

To celebrate that Demonoid came back, im making a new collected pack of the Valhalla 1-6 scanlations, so all you that missed out of the first ones years ago can still enjoy them :). I figured i might as well throw it up here on TPB too, and not only restrict it to Demonoid .)

For those of you that missed it the first time i released it, Valhalla is a danish comic about the nordic gods, which have unfortunately never been translated to english, but I have so far scanlated 6 of the albums, and the rest will follow.


Here are a description of the albums in this torrent:


Valhalla 01 - Cry Wolf
A thunderstorm is approaching as Thor, the God of Thunder, and his kinsman Loki arrive at the farm where the siblings Tjalfe and Roskva live. Thor brings them along to the land of the gods, Asgard, where the two children are involved in an adventurous story, culminating in the escape of the dreaded Fenris-Wolf and the threat it poses to the peace of Asgard ...

Valhalla 02 - Thor's Wedding
There's much commotion when Thor, the God of Thunder, finds that his magic hammer, Mjolnir, has been stolen by the awe-inspiring jotunns. If such a frightening weapon falls in the wrong hands, it will pose a serious threat to all the gods. Therefore, our friends Thor, Loki, Tjalfe and Roskva must disguise themselves and travel to the land of the jotunns in order to retrieve Mjolnir ...
Valhalla 2 is a recounting of the myth of Thor and Loki going to Utgard in order to retrieve Thor's stolen hammer from the giant Thrym. It is based on the "Lay of Thrym" from The Prose (Snorri's) Edda. A number of jotunns are introduced, Quark makes his first background appearance, Thor's children are born.

Valhalla 03 - Odin's Wager
The Valkyries routinely transport dead viking warrior's souls to the halls of Valhalla on high. However, Odin, King of the Gods, is not satisfied with the standard of warriors he gets. He bets the Valkyries he can easily find three warriors who can do better than all the Valkyries' harvest put together. This, of course, turns out to be harder than expected. Odin keeps up his search while his two raving mad brothers, Vili and Ve, take the reins at Valhalla ...
Odin's Wager is loosely based on various bits and pieces from The Prose (Snorri's) Edda and Ynglinga Saga from Heimskringla about the way Odin's brothers, Vili and Ve, took over Odin's power as well as his wife while Odin was away. The fallen viking warriors' afterlife in Valhalla is introduced. So are the Valkyries and the Norns. And there's a short recounting of the myth about Thor and the ferry man from the "Lay of Harbarth" and the first part of the legend of Ragnar Lodbrók.

Valhalla 04 - The Story of Quark
The shrewd Loki is not always so shrewd. One night he makes a bet with the jotunns that he can easily teach Quark - a jotunn child notorious for playing mischievous tricks - how to behave. Before long, however, Loki is forced to realise that he has overestimated his abilities. He leaves it to Thor's servants Tjalfe and Roskva to teach Quark manners. But can two mere humans really do a job that gods and jotunns have given up?

Valhalla 05 - The Journey to Utgards-Loki
Thor and Loki go to Utgard to hand the young giant Quark back to Utgard-Loki. However, the uncrowned king of giants does not wish to take the young troublemaker back unless Thor and his following pass certain tests: a foot race, an eating contest, cat-lifting, emptying of drinking horns - and a dance with and old witch/hag. Everything looks nice and easy, not to say foolishly so. But the giants have prepared a cruel magic trap. And who's to save a god when even the mightiest of them all faces destruction? The animated feature film Valhalla is based on the comic albums "The Story of Quark" and "The Journey to Utgards-Loki".
Valhalla 5 is a recounting of the myth of Thor's and Loki's journey to Utgard, their confrontation with the giant Skrymir and their joust against the giant Utgards-Loki, in which Thor is close to succumbing. The story is based on The Prose (Snorri's) Edda.

Valhalla 06 - The Golden Apples
Loki sees an opportunity to make fast profit when the rich jotunn Thiassi reveals his interest in the goddess Idun and her golden apples. Of course there's the small problem of making Idun agree, not to mention the fact that the other gods are likely to become sore just because they will turn into old dodderers if they no longer get apples from Idun. But worst of all, Thiassi's payment is not forthcoming and his daughter, Skadi, is looking for a man just like Loki.