Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


My Last Serenade is the first single off of Alive or Just Breathing by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage.

It shows a young woman in a white dress in a white room with red furnishings. She walks through the room in the songs pleasant beginning. She walks over to a spinning object (a wheel with slits in the sides), and when she looks, in the heavy part of the song begins with the band playing. It shows the whole band performing in the object throughout the video, and during the melodic chorus, it shows her looking in it. The video ends with Jesse wiping tears from his face and walking through the room.

Alive or Just Breathing is the second album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage. The album reached No. 37 on Billboard magazine's Heatseekers chart. This is also the final album with vocalist Jesse Leach.

Killswitch Engage is an American melodic metalcore band from Westfield, Massachusetts. Formed following the disbandment of the bands Overcast and Aftershock in 1999, Killswitch Engage's lineup consists of vocalist Howard Jones, bassist Mike D'Antonio, guitarists Joel Stroetzel and Adam Dutkiewicz, and drummer Justin Foley. Signed to Roadrunner Records, the band has released five studio albums and one DVD.

Killswitch Engage rose to fame with its 2004 release The End of Heartache, which peaked at number 21 on the Billboard 200, and was certified gold in December 2007 for over 500,000 shipments in the United States. The title track, "The End of Heartache", was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2005, and a live DVD titled (Set This) World Ablaze was released in 2005. Killswitch Engage have attended festivals such as Wacken Open Air, Reading and Leeds Festivals, Ozzfest, Download Festival, Rock on the Range, Mayhem Festival, and the Australian Soundwave Festival. The band released their fifth studio album, Killswitch Engage, on June 30, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

