SCTV NETWORK/90

Volume 1of5
Episode 1 and 2
Released: 8 June 2004

Cast:John Candy | Joe Flaherty | Eugene Levy | Andrea Martin | Rick Moranis | Catherine O'Hara | Dave Thomas

Nine 90 minute episodes from series 4 (episodes 79 through 87, NBC production cycle 1) produced for NBC, and which aired in the spring of 1981.

Series 4 Disc 1

Director: John Blanchard, John Bell (2nd unit)
Head Writers: Dick Blasucci, Paul Flaherty, Dave Thomas
Writers: Dick Blasucci, Paul Flaherty, Mike Short, Bob Dolman, John McAndrew, Mert Rich, Doug Steckler, Jeffrey Barron, Chris Cluess, Stuart Kreisman, Brian McConnachi
Producers: Patrick Whitley, Nicolas Wry

Summoned from obscurity to New York by the irresistible force of a network television deal, the cast of SCTV reconvened in spring 1981 with a massive new 90 minute weekly show 'SCTV Network / 90' on NBC, though, like Series 3, shot in Edmonton. Picked up as a mid-season replacement for 'Midnight Special,' SCTV aired Friday nights at 12:30am starting in May 1981 (while the CBC and US stations were still repeating Series 3).

Series 4 features perhaps the definitive cast: the Series 2 cast plus Moranis (both Tony Rosato and Robin Duke were poached by Saturday Night Live). It also features some of their finest shows. The first production cycle starts slowly, featuring mostly old material from previous seasons, sometimes subtly edited or with new voiceovers, but finishes with an amazing set of five wraparound shows: Johnny LaRue goes over budget, Guy loses sponsors and runs a pledge drive, Lola cracks up, and Bob and Doug find a good topic.

The first four shows of Cycle 1 feature a new opening, narrated by Dave Thomas, wherein the cast arrives in, and then is thrown out of New York City. With episode five, the show gets a a visual makeover, along with a new more generic opening. Bumper graphics and the logo (along with many sets, such as Guy's office) for the entire cycle are holdovers from Series 3.

1982 Emmy nominations/award:

Enjoy!
Ekolb