Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Give It Up to Me" is a song by Colombian Latin pop singer Shakira. The song was released as the second single from her third English studio album She Wolf in the United States and the third single from the album in international markets. The song features American rapper Lil Wayne and was produced by hip-hop producer Timbaland and mixed by Gustavo Celis. It only appears on the US version of the album.

Timbaland premiered the song on KIIS FM Radio show On Air with Ryan Seacrest, along with his own first single "Morning After Dark" stating that he produced the Shakira song to be released in the US whilst the latter will be the first single from his new album.

"Give It Up to Me" which was originally recorded for his own album Timbaland Presents Shock Value 2. Rolling Stone magazine confirmed that the song initially featured Timbaland rapping but his verse was replaced with Flo Rida and then later Lil Wayne. President of Epic Records Amanda Ghost, said of the recording that "everyone’s breath was taken away when Lil Wayne said he wanted to jump on the record". The decision for Shakira to record the song is responsible for the delay of the album's release in the US.

She Wolf is the third English studio album (eighth overall) by Colombian Latin-pop singer-songwriter Shakira, first released on October 9, 2009, in Europe through Sony Music, October 12 in the UK with RCA Records and November 23 in the US with Epic Records.

The album sees Shakira shift from latin pop and pop rock to electropop while also exploring dancehall. She co-wrote and co-produced all of the album, apart from her second US single, with Pharrell Williams and his production outfit The Neptunes or duo John Hill and Sam Endicott. The US version of the album is labelled the special edition and features additional songs.

The lead single is also called "She Wolf" in English-speaking territories and reached top 10 worldwide. In Latin America and Spain the Spanish language version of the song "Loba" was released alongside. "Did It Again" was released internationally whilst the US recieved the Timbaland-produced "Give It Up to Me" instead. To date the album has sold 1.5 million copies. 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

