PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA 
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: AE657E3262838FC32BDA075DFBDE3E7DBDAE10F9
File Size: 2.10 GB
Label: B-Boy Records, Landspeed, Jive, RCA



Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent:


Criminal Minded 1987 (landspeed records) LSR 8812 *
Man and His Music 1988 (Criminal Minded Remix) (S.H.R. Inc) 1988 SHCD 5259 *
By All Means Necessary 1988 1097-2-J) *
Ghetto Music: Blueprint of Hip Hop 1989 
KRS One - Return of The Boom Bap 1993
KRS One – A Retrospective 2000 (Jive) 01241-44177-2 *


* Denotes my rip




Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:


Boogie Down Productions was a hip hop group that originally comprised KRS-One, D-Nice, and DJ Scott La Rock. DJ Scott La Rock was murdered on August 27, 1987, months after the release of BDP's debut album, Criminal Minded.

The name of the group, Boogie Down, derives from a nickname for the South Bronx, one of the five boroughs of New York City. The group pioneered the fusion of dancehall reggae and hip hop music and their debut LP Criminal Minded contained frank descriptions of life in the South Bronx of the late 1980s thus setting the stage for what would eventually become gangsta rap. Boogie Down Production's D-Nice also discovered the caucasian rapper but mostly a popular rocker Kid Rock in 1987 and helped him get a deal with Jive Records in 1988.

While the origins of hip-hop are believed to be from The Bronx, rival hip-hop group Juice Crew's lyrics were misunderstood to contain a claim in the song The Bridge that hip hop was directly a result of artists originating from Queensbridge. Boogie Down and KRS retorted angrily with songs like The Bridge is Over and South Bronx, which started one of the first notable hip hop wars as MC Shan, Marley Marl, Roxanne Shanté and Blaq Poet all released songs featuring verses personally attacking KRS and Scott La Rock. The Bridge Wars, however, were only short-lived and after the death of Scott La Rock prior to the group's second album, KRS began to concentrate on consciously focused music.

While Criminal Minded contained vivid descriptions of South Bronx street life, BDP changed after Scott's death. Producer Lee Smith was dropped and KRS-One adopted "The Teacha" moniker and made a deliberate attempt at creating politically and socially conscious Hip-Hop. BDP were hugely influential in provoking political and social consciousness in Hip-Hop however they were sometimes overshadowed by the political hip hop group Public Enemy.

The Jamaican influence present in Criminal Minded is well illustrated by the use of the "Mad Mad" or "Diseases" riddim started in 1981 with reggae star Yellowman's song, "Zunguzung". BDP uses this riff in their song "Remix for P is Free",[1] and it was later resampled by artists like Black Star and dead prez, thus helping to recycle a Jamaican sound. As an album regarded by many as the start of the gangsta rap movement, Criminal Minded played an important role in reaffirming the social acceptance of having Jamaican roots. BDP referenced reggae in a way that helped to solidify Jamaica's place in modern hip-hop culture.

The membership of BDP changed continuously throughout its existence, the only constant being KRS-One. BDP members and collaborators included Lee Smith, Scott La Rock, D-Nice, Kenny Parker, Mad Lion, Channel Live, McBoo, Ms. Melodie, Heather B., Scottie Morris, Tony Rahsan, Willie D., RoboCop, Harmony, DJ Red Alert, Jay Kramer, D-Square, Rebekah Foster, and Sidney Mills. BDP as a group essentially ended because KRS-One began recording and performing under his own name rather than the group name.

Original member Lee Smith, who has co-producer credit on the original 12” "South Bronx" single, was the last to be inexplicably jettisoned by KRS-One and the future new label after Scott’s love.

In the liner notes on BDP's 1992 album Sex and Violence, KRS-One writes: "BDP in 1995 is KRS-One, Willie D and Kenny Parker! BDP is not D-Nice, Jamal-ski, Harmony, Ms. Melodie and Scottie Morris. They are not down with BDP so stop frontin'." Steve 'Flash' Juon of RapReviews.com claims that this initiated the ultimate breakup of BDP.






Criminal Minded 1987


Criminal Minded by Boogie Down Productions is a highly influential[1] hip hop album. Production on the LP is credited to 'Blastmaster' KRS-One (Lawrence Krisna Parker) and DJ Scott La Rock (Scott Sterling), but in future interviews it has been revealed that an uncredited Ced-Gee (Cedric Miller) of The Ultramagnetic MCs had a key role in crafting the sound of the LP.

Released in early 1987, the album heavily sampled records from James Brown and AC/DC, and also flaunted a dancehall reggae influence. The songs “South Bronx” and “The Bridge is Over” ignited the rivalry with the Queens-bred emcee MC Shan and the Juice Crew .

The album is also credited with providing a prototype for East Coast gangsta rap. For instance, the cover, which showcases Parker and Sterling surrounded by an arsenal of weapons, was hip-hop’s first major release to feature members brandishing firearms. The album also contained several seminal hardcore songs such as “9mm Goes Bang,” one of the first hip-hop songs to be based around a first-person crime narrative, and "P Is Free," which details an encounter with a drug-abusing prostitute for perhaps the first time on record.

The liner notes of Criminal Minded read, "peace to Ron Nelson and the Toronto posse". This statement is evidence of BDP's involvement with Toronto's hip hop scene in the 1980s, which produced artists such as Michie Mee, Dream Warriors and Maestro Fresh Wes.[2]

The album is addressed in detail by KRS-One in Brian Coleman's book Check the Technique

Initially, the album sold at least several hundred thousand copies; however, the relationship between the group and B-Boy Records quickly deteriorated when the label, headed by Jack Allen and Bill Kamarra, was allegedly slow to pay royalties. A lawsuit was launched, which was eventually settled out-of-court. Having left B-Boy Records, new friend Ice-T introduced them to a Warner Bros. A&R exec, who promptly signed them to a new record deal. However, the deal was short-lived.

By this time, Sterling had befriended a neighborhood teenager, Derek "D-Nice" Jones, who did a human beatbox routine for the group. One evening, Jones was assaulted by some local hoodlums and he later called Sterling to run interference. The next day, Sterling and a group of others came to the stoop where the offending parties lived. Sterling’s intention was to try and mediate things, but one of the hoods pulled out a gun and began shooting at random. In the ensuing confusion, Sterling was hit in the neck. Critically wounded, he died an hour later in hospital, leaving behind an infant son.

Warner Bros. reneged on the new deal in the aftermath of Sterling’s death. Parker, however, decided that the group should continue. A handful of friends were brought into the collective, including Parker’s new wife Ms. Melodie and brother Kenny Parker, with whom he had just recently reunited. Original member and Criminal Minded co-producer, Lee Smith, was dropped by Parker in pursuit of a deal. Signing with Jive/RCA Records, Parker recorded eight albums for that label in a 10-year period, eventually dropping the Boogie Down Productions moniker and billing himself as a solo performer. REM and others recruited him for collaborations, and he was among the few hip-hop acts at the Beastie Boys’ Tibetan Freedom Concerts.

Meanwhile, Criminal Minded has been notoriously hard to find, falling in and out of print every few years, surfacing with a different distributor every time. Currently, the Boston-based independent label LandSpeed Records has landed the distribution rights to Criminal Minded, hence re-release in 2002. An expanded re-release titled The Best of B-Boy Records: Boogie Down Productions includes longer versions of the albums tracks and several 12-inch singles that didn't make Criminal Minded's original pressing. The album was re-released again in 2006—original art intact—when LandSpeed became Traffic Entertainment Group.

In 1998, the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums .[4]

In 2003, the album was ranked number 444 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.

Vibe (12/99, p. 157) - Included in Vibe's 100 Essential Albums of the 20th Century.

Vibe (6/02, p. 108) - Ranked #3 in Vibe's "Top 10 rap albums."


Tracks: 


1	"Poetry"
2	"South Bronx"
3	"9mm Goes Bang"
4	"Word From Our Sponsor"
5	"Elementary"
6	"Dope Beat"
7	"Remix For P Is Free"
8	"The Bridge Is Over"
9	"Super-Hoe"
10	"Criminal Minded"
11	"Scott LaRock Mega-mix (Bonus)"







Man & His Music (Remixes from Around the World) 1988


Man & His Music (Remixes from Around the World) is a 1988 remix album by hip hop group Boogie Down Productions honouring the memory of DJ Scott La Rock. The album was re-issued on September 23, 1997.


Tracks:


1.	"Advance"
2.	"Poetry #1"
3.	"BDP Medley #5"
4.	"Word From Our Sponsor #8"
5.	"Red Alert" (Criminal Minded)
6.	"Super Hoe #4"
7.	"BDP Medley #7"
8.	"BDP Medley #11"
9.	"Doc Mix" (Criminal Minded)
10.	"Poetry #2"
11.	"Criminal Minded #8"
12.	"D Nice Rocks The House"
13.	"Poetry #3"
14.	"Criminal Minded #6"
15.	"? #10"






By All Means Necessary 1988


By All Means Necessary is the second album from hip hop group Boogie Down Productions, released in 1988, on Jive Records. After the murder of DJ/Producer Scott La Rock in 1987, MC KRS-One moved away from the violence that dominated their debut Criminal Minded and began to write socially conscious songs, while using the moniker "The Teacher".


Many themes, which surface a minimalist production accompanied by hard-hitting drum beats, cover social issues that include government and police corruption, safe sex, government involvement in the drug trade, and violence in the hip hop community.

As of September 25, 1989, the album has been certified gold in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America.[1] Both the album cover, depicting KRS-One, and the album title make reference to Malcolm X.

The album is widely seen as one of, if not, the first politically conscious efforts in hip-hop. Allmusic.com described the album as "a landmark of political rap" and Rolling Stone praised its social commentary.[2] Anthony DeCurtis of Rolling Stone wrote that "Over irresistible beats provided by his BDP cohorts, KRS delivers the word on the drug trade, AIDS and violence – three forces that threaten to destroy minority communities".[3]

In 1998, the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums.

In 2008, the single "My Philosophy" was ranked number 49 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop.


Tracks:


1.	"My Philosophy"  
2.	"Ya Slippin'"  
3.	"Stop the Violence"  
4.	"Illegal Business"  
5.	"Nervous"  
6.	"I'm Still #1"  
7.	"Part Time Suckers"  
8.	"Jimmy"  
9.	"T'Cha-T'Cha"  
10.	"Necessary"  






Ghetto Music: The Blueprint of Hip Hop 1989


Ghetto Music: The Blueprint of Hip Hop is the third album from Boogie Down Productions. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on September 25, 1989. Rapper Nas made a reference to this album on his diss track against Jay-Z entitled "Ether" by stating; "KRS already made an album called Blueprint." (referring to Jay- Z's 2001 album The Blueprint.)


Tracks: 


1	"The Style You Haven't Done Yet"
2	"Why Is That?"
3	"The Blueprint"
4	"Jack Of Spades"
5	"Jah Rulez"
6	"Breath Control"
7	"Who Protects Us From You?"
8	"You Must Learn"
9	"Hip Hop Rules"
10	"Bo! Bo! Bo!"
11	"Gimme, Dat, (Woy)"
12	"Ghetto Music"
13	"World Peace"






Return of the Boom Bap 1993



Return of the Boom Bap was KRS-One's first official solo album, released in 1993 on the Jive Records label. It peaked on the Billboard 200 charts at position 37 on October 16, 1993.[10] In 1998, the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums. The record was originally rated 4 mics in The Source in 1993.


Tracks: 


1	"KRS-One Attacks"
2	"Outta Here"
3	"Black Cop"
4	"Mortal Thought"
5	"I Can't Wake Up"
6	"Slap Them Up"
7	"Sound of da Police"
8	"Mad Crew"
9	"Uh Oh"
10	"Brown Skin Woman"
11	"Return of the Boom Bap"
12	""P" Is Still Free"
13	"Stop Frontin'"
14	"Higher Level"





Retrospective 2000



A Retrospective is a compilation album by rapper, KRS-One. It features many songs that were originally released under the Boogie Down Productions title, and some songs released under the KRS-One title. It is composed of previously released material. The track "Essays on BDP-Ism" was the last track ever produced by Scott La Rock.


Tracks:


1	"My Philosophy"
2	"I'm Still #1"
3	"South Bronx"
4	"Sound of da Police"
5	"Love's Gonna Get'cha (Material Love)"
6	"Step into a World (Rapture's Delight)"
7	"You Must Learn"
8	"Jack of Spades"
9	"The Bridge Is Over"
10	"Jimmy"
11	"Criminal Minded"
12	"Black Cop"
13	"MC's Act Like They Don't Know"
14	"Why Is That?"
15	"Outta Here"
16	"Essays on BDP-Ism"




Enjoy :)
