Movie Information:

Release Title: Unthinkable 2010 BRRip
Bluray Release Date:Jun 15, 2010
Certification: Rated R
Tagline: Right and Wrong no longer exist
Storyline:The story of a white american muslim, who claims to have planted three nuclear bombs in large cities of the US, threatening to kill millions. He isinterrogated and tortured by an 'agent' who uses every possible mean to crack him into revealing the location of the bombs. It's a hard and brutal 'game', which challenges ever possible definition of right and wrong, as well as lawful versus criminal behaviours: how far would you go, based on a 1% chance the the bombs really exist and may kills millions, to protect those? And when even the most brutal acts of torture don't break your subject, what becomes the next 'unthinkable' boundary of human decency, which marks the difference between the terrorists and the
order? Where do you stop? The movie goes really far in asking these questions and - correctly - leaves the answers to each viewer for him/herself.
Genre:Drama | Thriller
Language: English

Cast:
Samuel L. Jackson ... Henry Herald 'H' Humphries
Carrie-Anne Moss ... Agent Helen Brody
Michael Sheen ... Steven Arthur Younger
Stephen Root ... Charlie Thompson
Lora Kojovic ... Rina Humphries
Martin Donovan ... Assistant Dector Jack Saunders
Gil Bellows ... Agent Vincent
Vincent Laresca ... Agent Leandro
Brandon Routh ... Agent Jackson
Joshua Harto ... Agent Phillips
Holmes Osborne ... General Paulson
Michael Rose ... Colonel Kekmejian
Randy Oglesby ... Mr. Bradley
Benito Martinez ... Alvarez
Sasha Roiz ... Interrogator Lubitchich


Video Specifications:

Film Length: 1:37:08
Format: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC
Bitrate: 1423 kbps
Framerate: 23.976 FPS
Encoder: x264
Resolution:720 x 384
Aspect Ratio: 1.875
Advanced Encoding: 2-Pass Encoding
Quality Factor QF: 0.234


Format: AAC-LC
Bitrate: AAC = 128 kbps / AAC 5.1 = 300 kbps
Channels: AAC-LC= 2 / AAC 5.1 = 6 channels
Sample Rate: 48000Hz
Subtitles:None