PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd Hardware: Plextor PX-716SA (for my rips)
Plextor Firmware: 1.11 (Final)
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 5 (for my rips)
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: 551449F20E551221FB7BDD48B534C97D7F27E670
File Size: 5.96 GB
Labels: Interscope, Nothing Records, TVT, Island, Rykodisc




Albums, Years & Catalog # in this Torrent:





Studio Albums:


Pretty Hate Machine 1989 2610-2 *
Broken 1992 INTBD-92213 *
Downward Spiral 1994 b0003739-36 (2 CD Deluxe Edition) *
The Fragile 1999
With Teeth 2005
Year Zero 2007
Ghosts I – IV 2008
The Slip 2008




Remixes & Singles 


Head Like A Hole 1990 TVT 2615-2 *
Sin 1990 TVT2617-2 *
Fixed 1993 96093-2 *
March of the Pigs 1994 CD 95938 *
Closer to God 1994 95905-2 *
Further Down the Spiral 1995 CD 95811 *
Further Down the Spiral v2. 1995 IMCD 8041 / 524 125-2 *



*denotes my rip



Some may argue that this is not a discography but IMO a discography includes a bands/artists Studio Albums which this torrent includes. I threw in some early Singles & Remixes that I have had on CD for many years from the 1989 – 1995 era of NIN.



Please help seed these FLACs! 







From Wiki:



Nine Inch Nails (NIN) is an American Grammy award-winning industrial rock project, founded in 1988 by Trent Reznor in Cleveland, Ohio. As its main producer, singer, songwriter, and instrumentalist, Reznor is the only official member of Nine Inch Nails and remains solely responsible for its direction.[1] NIN's music straddles a wide range of genres, while retaining a characteristic sound using electronic instruments and processing. After recording a new album, Reznor usually assembles a live band to perform with him. The touring band features a revolving lineup that often rearranges songs to fit a live setting. On stage, NIN often employs visual elements to accompany performances, which frequently include light shows.[2]

Underground music audiences warmly received Nine Inch Nails in its early years. The band produced several highly influential records in the 1990s that achieved widespread popularity; many Nine Inch Nails songs became radio hits,[3] two NIN recordings won Grammy Awards, and the band has sold over 20 million albums worldwide,[4] with 10.5 million sales certified in the US alone.[5] In 1997, Reznor appeared in Time magazine's list of the year's most influential people, and Spin magazine described him as "the most vital artist in music."[6] In 2004, Rolling Stone placed Nine Inch Nails at 94 on its list of the 100 greatest artists of all time.[7] Despite this acclaim, the band has had several feuds with the corporate side of the recording industry. In 2007, these corporate entanglements resulted in Reznor announcing that Nine Inch Nails would split from its label and release future material independently.[8]

Since 1989, Nine Inch Nails has made eight major studio releases. The most recent releases, Ghosts I–IV and The Slip, both released in 2008, were released under Creative Commons licenses. Both were initially released digitally, with physical releases coming later. The digital release of The Slip was made available completely free of charge. NIN has been nominated for twelve Grammy Awards and won twice for the songs "Wish" and "Happiness in Slavery", in 1992 and 1995 respectively.







STUDIO ALBUMS:






Pretty Hate Machine 1989 


Pretty Hate Machine is the debut album of American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released in 1989 by TVT Records. The album was out of print from around 1997 to 2005 due to the much publicized falling out between Nine Inch Nails's sole member, Trent Reznor, and the original publishing label of the album, TVT Records. Rykodisc remastered the album and re-released it around the world in 2005, effectively putting the album back into print. Pretty Hate Machine is compiled of tracks from the Purest Feeling demo, as well as tracks recorded after the Purest Feeling recording. The album spawned three singles, the most successful being "Head Like a Hole", which has become a staple in Nine Inch Nails live performances.

Working nights at Right Track Studio as a handyman and janitor,[1] Trent Reznor used studio "down time" to record and develop his own music. Playing most of the keyboards, drum machines, guitars, and samplers himself, he recorded a demo. The sequencing was done on a Macintosh Plus.[11]

Teaming up with manager John A. Malm, Jr., they sent the demo to various record labels. Reznor received serious offers from many of them, but eventually signed a deal with TVT Records who, until then, were known mainly for releasing novelty and television jingle records. An early effort called The Industrial Nation was rejected by TVT.[12] This led Reznor to take tracks from the denied earlier works and form Pretty Hate Machine, which was recorded in various studios around the world with Reznor collaborating with some of his most idolized producers: Flood, Keith LeBlanc, Adrian Sherwood, and John Fryer. Much like his recorded demo, Trent Reznor refused to record the album with a conventional band, recording Pretty Hate Machine mostly by himself.

Released on October 20, 1989, the album was a critical and commercial success, receiving radio airplay for the singles "Down in It", "Head Like a Hole" and "Sin". "Terrible Lie" and "Something I Can Never Have" also received moderate airplay along with the three lead singles.[citation needed] Pretty Hate Machine also gained popularity through word-of-mouth and developed an underground following. Reznor quickly hired a band for touring with The Jesus and Mary Chain, including guitarist and future Filter frontman Richard Patrick. Nine Inch Nails' live set during the time was known for louder, more aggressive versions of the studio songs, and also for destroying their instruments at the end. Reznor preferred using the heel of his boots to strip the keys from expensive keyboards, most notably the Yamaha DX7.[citation needed]

Since the album was released, a recording known as Purest Feeling surfaced. This bootleg album contains the original demo recordings of most of the tracks found on Pretty Hate Machine, as well as a couple that were not used ("Purest Feeling", "Maybe Just Once" and instrumental intro to "Sanctified" called "Slate").[citation needed]

Pretty Hate Machine went out of print through TVT Records, but was reissued by Rykodisc Records on November 22, 2005 with slight changes in the packaging. Reznor had expressed an interest in creating a "deluxe edition" with surround sound remastering and new/rare remixes, similar to the re-release of The Downward Spiral. Rykodisc liked the idea, but not enough to pay Reznor to do so


Tracks: 

Head Like a Hole
Terrible Lie
Down in It
Sanctified
Something I can Never Have
Kinda I Want To
Sin
That’s What I Get
The Only Time
Ringfinger










Broken 1992


Broken is an EP album by the American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails, released in 1992. The EP was produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and Flood. It is considerably heavier and takes much more influence from industrial metal and noise rock than Pretty Hate Machine, which was more oriented towards synthpop.


Tracks: 

Pinion
Wish
Last
Help Me I Am in Hell
Happiness in Slavery
Gave Up
Physical
Suck











The Downward Spiral 1994 (2 CD Deluxe Edition – re-released 2004)


The Downward Spiral is the second full length studio album by American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails, released in 1994 on Trent Reznor's own Nothing Records (a vanity label of Interscope Records). "Halo 8" of the official Nine Inch Nails halo releases, it is a concept album detailing the destruction of a man, from the beginning to his climactic suicide. The album was a major commercial success that secured Nine Inch Nails as a force in the 1990s music scene, in particular following the release of the single "Closer" and its controversial video.


Tracks: 


Disc 1 

Mr. Self Destruct
Piggy
Heresy
March of the Pigs
Closer
Ruiner
The Becoming
I Do Not Want This
Big Man with a Gun
A Warm Place
Eraser
Reptile
The Downward Spiral
Hurt





Disc 2 Remixes, B-Sides, Demo’s & Non Album Tracks


Tracks: 

1.	"Burn" (from Natural Born Killers)
2.	"Closer (Precursor)" (from "Closer to God")
3.	"Piggy (Nothing Can Stop Me Now)" (from Further Down the Spiral)
4.	"A Violet Fluid" (from "March of the Pigs")
5.	"Dead Souls" (from The Crow)
6.	"Hurt (Quiet)" (from Further Down the Spiral, US version)
7.	"Closer to God" (from "Closer to God")
8.	"All the Pigs, All Lined Up" (from "March of the Pigs")
9.	"Memorabilia" (from "Closer to God")
10.	"The Downward Spiral (The Bottom)" (from Further Down the Spiral)
11.	"Ruiner (Demo)"  
12.	"Liar (Reptile Demo)"  
13.	"Heresy (Demo)"










The Fragile  1999


The Fragile is the third studio album by American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails, released September 21, 1999 on Trent Reznor's Nothing Records in the United States. Recording sessions for the album took place at Nothing Studios in New Orleans, Louisiana during August 25, 1997 to April 19, 1999. A double concept album, it clocks in at 104 minutes.[6] In contrast to the heavily distorted instruments and gritty industrial sounds of Nine Inch Nails's previous album, The Downward Spiral (1994), the album relies more on soundscapes, electronic beats, ambient noise, and rock-laden guitar. Reznor has described its plot as "a theme of things falling apart".[11] He has also said that it is bleaker than The Downward Spiral. Lyrically, the album is more introspective and personal than the act's previous releases.[5][12]

Upon release, The Fragile peaked at number 1 on the Billboard 200 chart, before quickly dropping to number 16.[13] The album was commercially successful, selling 1 million copies in its first month of release.[14] Despite mixed criticism for its length and lyrical substance,[6][15] the album received generally positive reviews from music critics. It earned perfect ratings from publications such as USA Today, Kerrang!, and the Alternative Press.[9][16][17] The Fragile was included on several "end-of-year" album lists by publications, including The Village Voice (number 14), Rolling Stone (number 4), and Spin magazine (number 1).[18] On January 4, 2000, the album was certified double platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), following sales in excess of 2 millions copies in the United States.


Tracks: 




Left Disc 


Somewhat Damaged
The Day the World Went Away
The Frail
The Wretched
We’re in this Together
The Fragile
Just Like You Imagined
Even Deeper
Pilgrimage
No, You Don’t
La Mer
The Great Below





Right Disc 


The Way Out is Through
Into the Void
Where is Everybody
The Mark has Been Made
Please
Starfuckers, Inc.
Complication
I’m Looking Forward to Joining You, Finally
The Big Come Down
Underneath it All
Ripe (With Decay)










With Teeth 2005


With Teeth (often typeset as [With_Teeth]) is the fourth studio album by American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails, released on April 27, 2005 by Interscope Records. The album was produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and long-time collaborator Alan Moulder. Nine Inch Nails previous major release, The Fragile was released in 1999. Reznor has indicated that the album is influenced by his battle with, and recovery from, alcoholism and substance abuse between albums. With Teeth generated three singles: "The Hand That Feeds", "Only", and "Every Day is Exactly the Same", which all became number-one singles on Billboard's Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.


Tracks: 

All The Love in the World
You Know What You Are
The Collector
The Hand that Feeds
Love is Not Enough
Every Day is Exactly the Same
With Teeth
Only
Getting Smaller
Sunspots
The Line Begins to Blur
Beside You in Time
Right Where it Belongs









Year Zero 2007


Year Zero is the fifth studio album by American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails, released on April 16, 2007, by Interscope Records. Frontman Trent Reznor wrote the album's music and lyrics while touring in support of the group's previous release, With Teeth (2005). In contrast to the introverted style of songwriting Reznor used on previous records, Year Zero is a concept album that criticizes contemporary policies of the United States government by presenting a dystopian vision of the year 2022. The album is part of a larger Year Zero project which includes a remix album, an alternate reality game, and a potential television or film project. The Year Zero alternate reality game expanded upon the album's fictional storyline by using media such as websites, pre-recorded phone messages, and murals.

Upon its release in April 2007, Year Zero sold over 187,000 in its first week, and it reached number two on the Billboard 200 chart. The album also received generally positive reviews, many of which were favorable toward the accompanying alternate reality game. Year Zero produced two singles, "Survivalism" and "Capital G", the latter released as a promotional single. Disputes arose between Reznor and Universal Music Group, parent company of Interscope Records, over the overseas pricing of the album. Year Zero was the last Nine Inch Nails studio album released on Interscope. In October 2007, Reznor announced that Nine Inch Nails had fulfilled its contractual commitments to Interscope, effectively ending the band's relationship with the label


Tracks: 

Hyperpower
The Beginning of the End
Survivalism
The Good Soldier
Vessel
Me, I’m Not
Capital G
My Violent Heart
The Warning
God Given
Meet Your Master
The Greater Good
The Great Destroyer
Another Version of the Truth
In This Twilight
Zero-Sum









Ghosts I – IV 2008


Ghosts I–IV is the sixth studio album by American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails, released on March 2, 2008. The team behind the project included Nine Inch Nails front man Trent Reznor, studio-collaborators Atticus Ross and Alan Moulder, and instrumental contributions from Alessandro Cortini, Adrian Belew, and Brian Viglione. Reznor described the music of Ghosts as "a soundtrack for daydreams", a sentiment echoed by many critics who compared it with the work of Brian Eno and Robert Fripp. The songs are unnamed, and are identified only by their track listing, position, and album art.

The album is the first independent release from Nine Inch Nails following its announcement that it had severed its ties with Interscope Records. Initially intended to be a five-track EP, the final release consists of four nine-track instrumental EPs, totaling 36 tracks. The album was released under a Creative Commons license, and in a variety of differing packages at various price points, including a US$300 "Ultra-Deluxe Limited Edition". Ghosts was initially released digitally on the official Nine Inch Nails website without any prior advertisement or promotion. Via the official Nine Inch Nailsprofile, a user-generated "film festival" was announced, where fans were invited to visually interpret the album's music and post their results.

Critical reception of the album has been generally favorable, with its unorthodox release attracting positive comments from many critics. Much coverage of Ghosts I–IV has compared it to the digital-download releases of Radiohead's In Rainbows as well as Saul Williams' The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of NiggyTardust!. The album was nominated for two Grammy Awards, in the categories "Best Rock Instrumental Performance" and "Best Box Set or Limited Edition Package". These nominations represented the first time music released under a Creative Commons license had been nominated for a Grammy Award.



Tracks: 



Ghosts I

1.	"1 Ghosts I" – 2:48
2.	"2 Ghosts I" – 3:16
3.	"3 Ghosts I" – 3:51
4.	"4 Ghosts I" – 2:13 (Alessandro Cortini, Reznor, Ross)
5.	"5 Ghosts I" – 2:51
6.	"6 Ghosts I" – 4:18
7.	"7 Ghosts I" – 2:00
8.	"8 Ghosts I" – 2:56
9.	"9 Ghosts I" – 2:47



Ghosts II

1.	"10 Ghosts II" – 2:42
2.	"11 Ghosts II" – 2:17 (Cortini, Reznor, Ross)
3.	"12 Ghosts II" – 2:17
4.	"13 Ghosts II" – 3:13
5.	"14 Ghosts II" – 3:05
6.	"15 Ghosts II" – 1:53
7.	"16 Ghosts II" – 2:30
8.	"17 Ghosts II" – 2:13 (Cortini, Reznor, Ross)
9.	"18 Ghosts II" – 5:22	


Ghosts III

1.	"19 Ghosts III" – 2:11 (Cortini, Reznor, Ross, Brian Viglione)
2.	"20 Ghosts III" – 3:39
3.	"21 Ghosts III" – 2:54
4.	"22 Ghosts III" – 2:31 (Cortini, Reznor, Ross, Viglione)
5.	"23 Ghosts III" – 2:43
6.	"24 Ghosts III" – 2:39
7.	"25 Ghosts III" – 1:58 (Adrian Belew, Reznor, Ross)
8.	"26 Ghosts III" – 2:25
9.	"27 Ghosts III" – 2:51 (Belew, Reznor, Ross)


Ghosts IV

1.	"28 Ghosts IV" – 5:22
2.	"29 Ghosts IV" – 2:54 (Cortini, Reznor, Ross)
3.	"30 Ghosts IV" – 2:58
4.	"31 Ghosts IV" – 2:25
5.	"32 Ghosts IV" – 4:25
6.	"33 Ghosts IV" – 4:01 (Cortini, Reznor, Ross)
7.	"34 Ghosts IV" – 5:52
8.	"35 Ghosts IV" – 3:29
9.	"36 Ghosts IV" – 2:19









The Slip 2008


The Slip is the seventh album by American industrial rock project Nine Inch Nails, released on May 5, 2008. It was the fourth consecutive Nine Inch Nails release to be produced by frontman Trent Reznor with collaborators Atticus Ross and Alan Moulder. The album was released for free under a Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-Share Alike license, with the message from Reznor, "this one's on me."[11][12] The Slip was initially released digitally via the Nine Inch Nails official website without any prior advertisement or promotion. A limited-edition, physical version followed two months later.[13]

The Slip was originally intended to be an extended play, but eventually grew to be a full-length album. It was recorded, performed, and released in three weeks; Reznor released the album's only single, "Discipline", to radio stations himself, less than 24 hours after it was mastered by Moulder.[14] Critical reception of the album has been generally favorable, with its unorthodox release attracting positive comments from many critics. The album peaked at number 13 on the Billboard 200.


Tracks: 

999 999
1 000 000
Letting You
Discipline
Echoplex
Head Down
Lights in the Sky
Corona Radiata
The Four of Us are Dying
Demon Seed







REMIXES AND SINGLES 






Head Like A Hole 1990 (US Version)


"Head Like a Hole" is a song by the American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails. It was released as the second single from the group's debut album Pretty Hate Machine (1989). "Head Like a Hole" was Nine Inch Nails' first single to chart on Hot 100 Singles Sales and enjoyed heavy rotation on the radio at the time. It has also been covered by New Wave band Devo, Christian rock band Showbread, and Alternative band AFI.

Head Like a Hole is the third official Nine Inch Nails release, containing remixes of three different songs from Pretty Hate Machine. It is longer in duration than the album itself.

A three-track version of this single was released in the UK. This version contains "Head Like a Hole (Opal)", which is not included on the US release, and starts using the beginning of "Tamborine" by Prince, taken from his album Around the World in a Day; it continues using a drum loop sampled from "Release It" taken from another Prince record, Graffiti Bridge. The saxophone in "Release It" can be heard before the drum loop begins. "Head Like A Hole (Copper)" samples the looping drum beat from "Body Language", by Queen.

"Down in It (Shred)" and "Down in It (Singe)" were previously released on the Down in It single. The latter track has been extended by 18 seconds.

The unlisted eleventh track is Kelly Ripa yelling "Let's hear it for Nine Inch Nails! Woo! They're good!" This is a sample from Dance Party USA during a NIN appearance on the show.

The 11 track US version of the single has recently been re-packaged and re-released. This version was also finally released in the UK.


Tracks 

1.	"Head Like a Hole (Slate)" (remixed by Trent Reznor, Flood) – 4:13
2.	"Head Like a Hole (Clay)" (remixed by Keith LeBlanc) – 4:30
3.	"Terrible Lie (Sympathetic Mix)" (remixed by Reznor, Flood) – 4:26
4.	"Head Like a Hole (Copper)" (remixed by Reznor, Flood) – 6:26
5.	"You Know Who You Are" (remixed by Reznor, Flood) – 5:40
6.	"Head Like a Hole (Soil)" (remixed by Reznor, Flood) – 6:38
7.	"Terrible Lie (Empathetic Mix)" (remixed by Reznor, Flood) – 6:11
8.	"Down in It (Shred)" (remixed by Adrian Sherwood, LeBlanc) – 6:51
9.	"Down in It (Singe)" (remixed by Sherwood, LeBlanc) – 7:21
10.	"Down in It (Demo)" (remixed by Reznor) – 3:55
11.	(unlisted track) – 0:04











Sin 1990 (US Version)


"Sin" (also known as "Halo 4") is the third single by Nine Inch Nails from the album Pretty Hate Machine. Released in October 1990, the song peaked at #35 in the UK Singles Chart (see Nine Inch Nails discography).

"Sin" is the fourth official Nine Inch Nails release and the final single for the album Pretty Hate Machine. It contains three remixes of "Sin" from Pretty Hate Machine and Nine Inch Nails' first cover song. Even though the front has a stylized graphic that simply says "5in" and it is generally referred to as "Sin" (including on the official NIN website), the spine of the US version refers to the album as "Sin Long, Dub & Short".

"Get Down, Make Love" is a cover of the Queen song originally released on News of the World. This version of "Get Down Make Love" samples Dan O'Herlihy from The Cabinet of Caligari.


Tracks: 

1.	"Sin (long)" (remixed by Adrian Sherwood, Keith LeBlanc) - 5:51
2.	"Sin (dub)" (remixed by Sherwood, LeBlanc) - 5:00
3.	"Get Down, Make Love" (engineered by Jeff "Critter" Newell, Al Jourgensen, Trent Reznor, Sean Beaven) - 4:19
4.	"Sin (short)" (remixed by Sherwood, LeBlanc) - 4:19









Fixed 1993


Fixed (also known as Halo 6) is a remix EP by Nine Inch Nails released in 1992. Fixed is the sixth official Nine Inch Nails release and is the companion remix disc to Broken. This remix album is the only NIN remix record to be packaged within a standard 4 panel (small) Digipak without an accompanying booklet. It has gone Platinum in the UK.

Guest remixers include Butch Vig, J. G. Thirlwell of Foetus, Peter Christopherson of Coil, and members of the live band at the time, which included Chris Vrenna and James Woolley.

The official release had one contribution by Butch Vig, which was the end portion of "Throw This Away". Vig had originally remixed the song "Last," but it was cut from the final version of the EP. Trent said that Vig basically did what he always does with any song: he made it rock[citation needed]. However, Vig has stated in interviews that his remix of "Last" was not included simply because "Trent didn't like it"[citation needed]. Therefore only part of Vig's mix appears at the end of "Throw This Away". The original mix appeared on the Internet as an 8-bit mono 11 kHz file, NIN_LAST.AIFF, available by FTP from cyberden.com in 1993. It disappeared from the site quite some time ago, but can still be found on p2p networks. Recently, it became available in high quality (256kbit/s mp3) at remix.nin.com.

This remix EP employs some rather unorthodox mixing techniques such as backmasking, layering, flangers, noise and sudden time signature changes to give the listener an intentional sense of confusion on initial (and sometimes subsequent) listenings. On the opening "Gave Up" remix, the song picks up with a frantic rhythmic jumbling of Trent's vocals directly referencing the lyrics ("it took you to make me realize"). This would seem to involve basically chopping up each syllable of the chorus vocals running forward and reverse (normally as PCM files) and using a sampler to re-sequence them together in manic fashion. John Balance (of Coil) expressed his dislike of choruses in the song and decided to take it in another direction.

"Throw This Away" is a remix of both "Suck" with the whispers of 'I am so dirty... on the inside' and "Last" with the lyrics 'I want you to make me, I want you to take me, I want you to break me, and I want you to throw me away'. The "Suck" lyrics are in the larger, quieter portion of the song. The "Last" segment is heard more predominately within the louder end section (created by Butch Vig).

The second Wish remix entitled "Fist Fuck" has odd samples such as moaning and film dialogue ('I want to feel that way too... I bet you will someday') that also contribute greatly to the claustrophobic mood of the song.

The final track "Screaming Slave" holds a generally mixed opinion among alternative rock and industrial fans as the latter group consider it to be the closest thing to industrial music that Trent Reznor has ever done. This particular song contains various samples from the "Happiness in Slavery" video of Bob Flanagan being tortured.

Like many avant garde industrial music acts before, this release helped pioneer the notion of the remix as an artform, far removed from just commercial "milking" of an existing product.


Tracks: 

Gave Up
Wish
Happiness in Slavery
Throw This Away
Fist Fuck
Screaming Slave









March of The Pigs 1994 (US Version)

"March of the Pigs" is a song written by Trent Reznor of American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails. It was released in 1994 as the first single from The Downward Spiral (1994), the second album by Nine Inch Nails.

The American "March of the Pigs" CD single contains two mixes of the title track, two remixes of its fellow The Downward Spiral track "Reptile," and "A Violet Fluid," a non-album instrumental track. In the UK, the single was released as a two-disc (each sold separately) CD single, adding a censored radio edit of "March of the Pigs" and "Big Man With a Gun" from The Downward Spiral. The disc art for this single features a curled-up millipede, an image that was later used on the cover of the single "Closer to God".

Thirteen years after its release, it debuted at #9 and peaked at #6 on the Canadian Singles Chart.


Tracks: 

1.	"March of the Pigs" – 2:54
2.	"Reptilian" ("Reptile" remixed by Dave Ogilvie) – 8:39
3.	"All the Pigs, All Lined Up" ("March of the Pigs" remix) – 7:25
4.	"A Violet Fluid" – 1:05
5.	"Underneath the Skin" ("Reptile" remixed by Dave Ogilvie) – 7:13









Closer to God 1995 (US Version)


"Closer" (also known as Halo 9) is a song written by Trent Reznor and featured on the 1994 Nine Inch Nails album The Downward Spiral. In mid-1994, the song was released as the second single from the album. Most versions of the single are titled "Closer to God," a rare example in music of a single's title differing from the title of its A-Side. ("Closer to God" is also the title of an alternate version of "Closer" featured on the single.) This single is numbered as Halo Nine under Nine Inch Nails' system of Halo numbers. In spite of the blunt and profane sexual content contained in the song's lyrics (the chorus infamously begins with the couplet "I wanna fuck you like an animal/ I wanna feel you from the inside"), "Closer" became Nine Inch Nails' biggest hit up to that time, cemented Reznor's status as an industrial rock superstar, and remains arguably his best-known song. Heavily censored versions of the song and its equally explicit and controversial music video (directed by Mark Romanek) received substantial airplay on radio and MTV.

"Closer"'s drum track features a heavily modified bass drum sample from the Iggy Pop song "Nightclubbing" from his album The Idiot.[1]

Radio edits of "Closer" were created by muting the vocal track for the duration of each deleted obscenity, an early prominent example of this now-common censorship technique.[citation needed] This technique is considered less distracting than the earlier common censorship method, overlaying an electronic tone or "bleep" over each instance of profanity.[citation needed] The song was one of the first to feature censored profanity this prominently and still become a hit.[citation needed]

In 2003, VH1 ranked the song at number 93 in its countdown of the "100 Greatest Songs Of The Past 25 Years." The song was ranked at the number 2 position on AOL's "69 Sexiest Songs of All Time," mostly due to the explicit frankness of its chorus.

In July 2009, the song was voted in at number 62 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of all time, Australia's largest music poll.

The version of "Closer" on the single is 13 seconds longer than the album version; on the album, the piano tune at the end of the song is abruptly cut off in order to segue into the next track, "Ruiner". On the single, "Closer's" piano and background sounds are allowed to play out longer.

In addition, the U.S. CD single contains five remixes of "Closer", a remix of its fellow The Downward Spiral track "Heresy", an instrumental track "March of the Fuckheads" (unrelated to March of the Pigs), and a cover version of Soft Cell's song "Memorabilia", from their 1982 album Non-stop Ecstatic Dancing. The UK single releases contain the same tracks split between two discs (each sold separately). A cassette single was issued in the U.S. and Australia, pairing "Closer" with a live-performance version of NIN's previous single, "March of the Pigs."


Tracks: 

1.	"Closer to God" (Remixed by Trent Reznor, Sean Beavan, Brian Pollack) – 5:05
2.	"Closer (Precursor)" (Remixed by Coil, Danny Hyde) – 7:16
3.	"Closer (Deviation)" (Remixed by Jack Dangers, Craig Silvey) – 6:15
4.	"Heresy (Blind)" (Remixed by Dave Ogilvie, Anthony Valcic, Joe Bisara) – 5:32
5.	"Memorabilia" – 7:21
6.	"Closer (Internal)" (Remixed by Bill Kennedy, Scott Humphrey, John "Geetus" Aguto, Paul Decarli, Eric Claudiex) – 4:15
7.	"March of the Fuckheads" (Remixed by Adrian Sherwood) – 4:43
8.	"Closer (Further Away)" (Remixed by Kennedy, Humphrey, Aguto, Decarli, Claudiex) – 5:45
9.	"Closer" – 6:26









Further Down the Spiral 1995 (US Version)


Further Down the Spiral (also known as Halo 10 and Halo 10 V2) is a remix album by Nine Inch Nails released in 1995. Further Down the Spiral is the tenth official Nine Inch Nails release and is the companion remix disc to The Downward Spiral. There are two editions of this release, one denoted as Halo 10 (released in the US) the other as Halo 10 V2 (released in Japan and the UK), each containing a different set of tracks with much overlap between them.

It has become one of the most popular remix discs ever released by Nine Inch Nails and was certified gold, June 26th, 1996, for sales in excess of 500,000 copies in the US alone. It showed a more varied and experimental point of view to the original and boasted many high profile contributors/remixers including Aphex Twin, J. G. Thirlwell, Dave Navarro, and Coil.

This disc includes remixes of "Mr Self Destruct", "Piggy", "Hurt", "Eraser", and several extended songs. The 2003 Aphex Twin compilation 26 Mixes for Cash contains shortened versions of "At The Heart of It All" and "The Beauty of Being Numb".

When fast-forwarded on a regular CD player, "Erase me" can clearly be heard several times during "Erased. Over. Out."

"At the Heart of It All" is an Aphex Twin track that appears on Further Down the Spiral. Along with "The Beauty of Being Numb", it is not a remixed track from The Downward Spiral like the other tracks on Further, but was created directly for the album by Aphex Twin. "At the Heart of It All" is an instrumental piece that begins with a metallic industrial drum-type beat, and eventually is interpolated with a haunting horn section that rises and falls throughout the remainder of the song. Due to its nature, title, and the obvious similarities between the respective musical motives, it is commonly believed that the piece is a tribute or homage to a Coil piece of the same name from their 1984 LP Scatology.


Tracks:

Piggy (Nothing Can Stop Me Now)
The Art of Self Destruction, Part One
Self Destruction, Part Two
The Downward Spiral (The Bottom)
Hurt (Quiet)
Eraser (Denial, Realization)
At The Heart of it All
Eraser (Polite)
Self Destruction, Final
The Beauty of Being Numb
Erased, Over, Out







Further Down The Spiral V2 1995 (UK & Japan Version)


Tracks: 

Piggy (Nothing Can Stop Me Now)
The Art of Self Destruction, Part One
Self Destruction, Part Three
Heresy (Version)
The Downward Spiral (The Bottom)
Hurt (Live)
At The Heart of it All
Ruiner (Version)
Eraser (Denial, Realization)
Self Destruction, Final







Enjoy :)
