vbr extreme
covers included

all songs were recorded live during the festival



01. Stargazer (Rainbow)
02. Loving You Sunday Morning (Scorpions)
03. Another Piece Of Meat (Scorpions)
04. Balls To The Wall (Saxon)
05. All Night Long (Rainbow)
06. I Like To Rock (April Wine)
07. Don't Ya Know What Love Is (Touch)
08. Road Racin' (Riot)

 Reading's pre-eminence as THE hard rock festival of the Uk was given a thorough shaking in 1980, when promoter Paul Loadsby established a one day festival that focused on presenting heavy rock and metal acts . Loadsby was an experienced promoter who was responsible for organising Richie Blackmore's Rainbow summer UK jaunt and the Donington show was to be the final show of the tour.
    Donington circuit is not exactly a verdant setting ,but it beat Richfield Ave at Reading, as the ground sloped slightly , so the punters got a pretty good view of the stage- which was a definite advantage . Otherwise though, its a fairly featureless racing car arena, although the surrounding country is nice enough. The raceway has the advantage of being near major roads and rail links and it was probably as amenable a venue as most other festival grounds of the day.The usual grumbles and protests from those who lived nearby were overcome , even though these delayed preparations ( as usual ) .......

 It rained considerably in the days preceding the show , which made conditions unpleasantly muddy for the punters, but this was better than it pouring on the night and the 35,000 who attended *were given satisfaction by the fairly sound lineup of heavy UK and overseas acts who performed in the open air on a warm but overcast day.

(This is the attendance figure quoted in most reports- the Samaritans however, give a figure of 60-70,000 and declare that the facilities provided were totally inadequate "perhaps due to many more arriving than had been expected" .)

  The Samaritans also state that camping facilities were provided and about 400 people camped out the night before , this practice was not encouraged in 1981and led to some contention .
	

 

Ticket and cover scans courtesy Ashley Haynes
	

 

   There was only one stage at this date so longish changeover times between acts would have been something the audience had to endure- pretty much a re-run of Knebworth. However, there WAS a large video screen so it was possible to get a good view of the bands once it was dark enough for the screen to be viewable

     The quadraphonic sound system assembled by Loadsby was not an overwhelming success. The day before the show the PA was damaged by an explosion that was apparently caused by the crew who were testing drummer Cozy Powellâ