Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 5 of 6 
Audio CD: August 3, 2004 
Original Release Date: 1979 
Label: Bear Family, Import; Boxed Set; Germany 
Format: Box set 
Quality: 192 kbps

Uncle Dave Macon -- "The Dixie Dewdrop" -- is a pivotal artist in early country music.  Influenced early in life by circus and vaudeville performers who passed through his family's hotel in Nashville, Dave was exposed to many styles of performance and in 1885 he met banjo player Joel Davidson and became captivated by the instrument.  By the 1890s, Dave was entertaining stagecoach passengers with banjo tunes and comic antics from a homemade stage on the roof of the family's barn. 

Uncle Dave Macon was one of the first country stars to record, the first star of the Grand Ole Opry, and one of the first members elected to the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Possibly one of the finest sets out.  If you want to really understand the depth of early country music, then you must have this set.  Macon had all the styles and showmanship that influenced everyone from Charlie Poole to Bill Monroe.  Every single song that was ever issued by Macon is contained on this set and the book is an incredible read. Most recommended! ~ Ben Dewberry

This is the best box set for the hardcore Uncle Dave Macon fan.  If you want to hear live tracks you have never had access to, and if you want to find out what the older tracks that were only released on 78 rpm are all about, you need this box!  The book is wonderful with newly found photos and a very detailed discography of the recordings! Probably, a little too rich for the casual fan. ~ M. Bailey

Please see for more information - Schon55 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Dave_Macon

Uncle Dave Macon - Keep My Skillet Good & Greasy CD 5 of 6
01  Molly Married A Travelling Man
02  When Reuben Comes To Town
03  Got No Silver Nor Gold Blues
04  Heartaching Blues
05  Roe Rire Poor Gal
06  You've Been A Friend To Me
07  Blackwater Blues
08  More Like Your Dad Every Day
09  I'll Never Go There Any More (The Bowery)
10  Jesus, Lover Of My Soul
11  From Earth To Heaven
12  The Coon That Had The Razor
13  Buddy Won't You Roll Down The Line
14  Worthy Of Estimation
15  I'm The Child To Fight
16  Over The Road I'm Bound To Go
17  The New Ford Car
18  The Gal That Got Stuck On Everything She Said
19  Comin' Round The Mountain
20  Governor Al Smith
21  Darling Zelma Lee
22  Put Me In The Little Bed
23  Life And Death Of Jesse James
24  Man That Rode The Mule Around The World
25  Tennessee Jubilee
26  New Coon In Town