SYNOPSIS:

Tourists take a boat to a remote island, where they find that most of the people have disappeared, and something is stalking them. They find a hidden room in the big mansion on a hill, and an ancient diary, which gives them clues to the source of the terror.

IMDB REVIEW:

One of many movies banned in the UK during the whole "video nasty" scandal of the 1980's, Antropophagus (aka numerous other possible titles) comes from the warped mind of Joe D'Amato (written by D'Amato and George Eastman) and, finally seeing it uncut after all this time, comes across as quite a disappointment.

Tisa Farrow (Mia's sister and also known to horror fans from her appearance in Zombie Flesh Eaters) stars as a woman who wants to visit friends on their rather isolated island and manages to convince a pleasant group of people (one of whom is pregnant) to help her get there. But when they arrive it's not long till everyone realises that things are not good. Something deadly is afoot.

It's a strange experience watching this movie because it's easy at times to see exactly why people find/found it so shocking while other times show it up for the low-budget, highly flawed, really rather dull shocker that it is.

The acting is just about what you'd expect from something this notorious (ie, generally pretty bad) but this is not about the acting. It's about the shocks and the blood and the guts. They're not flying around on screen every five minutes but when they do that's when you start to get your value for money, as a gore-fan (others need not apply).

Sadly, the rest is just not good enough. It's too slow, it's incompetent, it's full of some terrible practical effects including the worst severed head I have ever seen in my life and the painful soundtrack sounds like someone recorded a Casio keyboard attempting suicide.

Worth watching to see what all the fuss was about but it's not that entertaining and not a classic of the horror genre, in my eyes.

See this if you like: Absurd, New York Ripper, Cannibal Apocalypse. 



Seed and enjoy!!!