Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Christmas Time" is the only single from American singer Christina Aguilera's Christmas album, My Kind of Christmas. Released in 2000, the single did not chart on the Billboard Hot 100 as it was primarily a Christmas single, and they do not generally chart on the Billboard Hot 100. Of much debate is whether the song is truly the only single of the album, as "The Christmas Song" which is found on the album had been released prior. Nevertheless, "The Christmas Song" was released before My Kind of Christmas had even been created. The single is best known for being Aguilera's only original Christmas single as it is not a cover of a traditional holiday tune.

"Christmas Time" was written by Celebrity Status (Chaka Blackmon, Steven Brown, Ray Cham), Alex Alessandroni, and Ron Fair and produced by Ron Fair and Celebrity Status. As briefly mentioned above, the song is most known for being the holiday signature song of Christina Aguilera; caution should be taken though as the song is not considered one of her regular signature songs per se (like "Genie in a Bottle" or "Dirrty"), but rather the song has become famous as her personal holiday signature song (such as "All I Want for Christmas Is You" has become the personal holiday signature song for Mariah Carey).

As Aguilera is known for daring to be different, she takes a gutsy move by making her signature holiday anthem not the usual traditional upbeat blend of festive holiday cheer, but rather a dark, urban, almost modern production with elements of dark Victorian music, and even a rap as rapped by Aguilera herself. Nevertheless, the song is not meant to be negative as Aguilera exclaims, but festively, "There'll be family and Christmas cheer, Peace and goodwill to all men, Everybody is home for Christmas...Everybody is home for Christmas Time."

My Kind of Christmas is a Christmas album and the third studio album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera, released in 2000.

While "The Christmas Song" was recorded during her debut album sessions, all of the other songs from My Kind of Christmas were recorded while Aguilera was on tour in mid-late 2000. The album was recorded at the same time as Aguilera was recording her Spanish-language album Mi Reflejo—the albums were released one month apart. The album went platinum in the U.S., selling over 3.5 million copies worldwide. It was released only in North America.

Ironically the track "Merry Christmas, Baby" entered the Billboard Hot Ringtones at number thirty-eight in December 2007.

In addition, "Climb Every Mountain", originally performed by Julie Andrews in the movie "The Sound of Music, and which can be heard on her "My Reflection" DVD, was recorded for "My Kind of Christmas" but the song remained absent when the physical release became available. The song has yet to be leaked through the internet, or through any other available source.

"These Are the Special Times" is a cover of the title track from Celine Dion's 1998 christmas album These Are Special Times.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

