Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


A live performance by Destiny's Child - 8 Days Of Christmas.


"8 Days of Christmas" is the first holiday single from Destiny's Child. The single was only a promo release so it was not sold publicly.

8 Days of Christmas is a Christmas album by R&B girl group Destiny's Child, released by Columbia Records in October 2001 in the United States. It debuted at number seventy-five on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling over 23,000 copies during its first week of release, and it eventually peaked at number thirty-four a few weeks later. It was certified gold by the RIAA in December 2001 for over 500,000 copies shipped in the United States.

In 2004, a re-issued version of the album was released, containing previously unreleased records.

Destiny's Child was a Grammy-Award winning American R&B girl group comprising lead singer Beyoncé Knowles alongside Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams. Throughout their career, the group released four major studio albums and achieved four US number-one singles. They had sold over 50 million records worldwide, becoming one of the best-selling recording artists in the U.S. The World Music Awards recognized them as the best-selling female r&b group of all time. Billboard magazine ranks the group as one of the greatest musical trios of all time, and inducted the group in 2008 into the All time Hot 100 Artist.

Formed in 1997 in Houston, Texas, Destiny's Child members began their musical endeavors in their pre-teens under the name Girls' Tyme, comprising Knowles, Rowland, LaTavia Roberson and LeToya Luckett. After years of performing underground, they signed to Columbia Records and changed their name. Destiny's Child was launched into mainstream recognition following the release of their best-selling second album, The Writing's on the Wall, which contained the number-one singles "Bills, Bills, Bills" and "Say My Name". Despite critical and commercial success, the group was plagued by internal conflict and legal turmoil, as Roberson and Luckett attempted to split off the group's manager Matthew Knowles. They were soon replaced with Williams and Farrah Franklin; however, in 2000, Franklin also parted with the group, leaving them as a trio.

Their third album, Survivor, which contains themes the public interpreted as a channel to the group's experience, contains the worldwide hits "Independent Women", "Survivor" and "Bootylicious". In 2002, Destiny's Child announced a hiatus, allowing its members to attain individual success. They re-united with 2004's Destiny Fulfilled, and a year later during their world tour, announced that the group would disband and its members would pursue solo careers.


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

