American Dad! - Season 01

Series: American Dad!
DVD release: April 25, 2006
Network: Fox
No. of episodes: 23
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit rate: 136kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------------------------------

S01E01 - Pilot
Steve struggles with dating and girls. Stan rigs the student election to make sure Steve wins the office of President, which attracts Lisa Silver (Carmen Electra,) the hottest cheerleader in school. But when she refuses to kiss him, Steve bans PDA at school. After the school calls Stan, he storms the school and talks to Steve about how hard dating was for him in high school. Meanwhile, Hayley wants to hang out with her boyfriend, so she asks Roger to do her school paper for her in exchange for churros. But Roger crashes on sugar and never finishes the paper. To get an extension, Hayley shows her professor Steve's dead dog (who died when Stan shot him in the dark thinking he was Osama Bin Laden.)

S01E02 - Threat Levels
Stan mistakenly brings home bio-hazardous material in his thermos and the family is quarantined. When they live past the expected time of death, the CIA informs them the virus was inert. Francine realizes she hasn't done enough with her life, so she becomes a real estate agent. She starts making more money than Stan, so he has her business shut down. She continues to work from home. Meanwhile, Hayley turns one of the houses into a homeless shelter. Steve rallies the bums to have bum fights, so he can make money to buy computer games. In the end, Stan takes over, the fights are shut down, and Francine is out of a job when interest on home loans are hiked 20 percent.

S01E03 - Stan Knows Best
After fighting with Stan, Hayley moves in with her boyfriend, in his van, which is broken down outside their house. Stan cuts off her funds to retaliate. But then Hayley starts stripping to earn money for college. Meanwhile, Steve tells his friends that not only will he get a date for the dance, he'll get boob and a bra to prove it. But he realizes it's not that easy to get a date, so he tells Kim that his sister is burned over 98% of her body in order to play on her sympathy. He shows her Roger as his burned sister. Later, Stan and his co-workers visit Hayley's strip club for the lunch buffet, and Stan is outraged. A fight ensues. Francine interrupts and convinces Stan to support Hayley. Steve brings Kim over before the dance, hoping to get her bra. But Kim spends all her time making over Roger. When Steve tells Roger to quit, he yells that Steve keeps him locked in the attic. Kim leaves, disgusted, but Steve isn't angry because Roger got her bra first.

S01E04 - Francine's Flashback
When Stan forgets his anniversary, he arranges to have 20 hours of Francine's memory erased, but the CIA temp on duty accidentally erases 20 years. Francine, having reverted to her wild child days, moves into her old apartment with Hayley as a roommate, and ends up going to a festival with Hayley's boyfriend. Meanwhile, Steve asks a good-looking girl out, but needs his wingman, Roger, to "jump on a grenade" for him and date her ugly cousin.

S01E05 - Roger Codger
Stan gets fed up with Roger when the alien nearly botches a kiss-up dinner with Deputy Director Bullock (Patrick Stewart.) Roger goes into a stress-induced hibernation, but the family thinks he's dead and they take him to the garbage dump. Meanwhile, Hayley tells Francine's children's Bible group that God doesn't exist. When Francine visis her pastor for prayer for her dead "pet," the pastor callously informs her there's no heaven for pets. Her faith falters and she, too, tells the kiddies there's no God. Roger finds some clothes and starts to head home, but he's shooed onto a bus of senior citizens on a tour of D.C. He's spotted by surveillance and the CIA goes after him. But Stan intervenes and gives them an old lady instead.

S01E06 - Homeland Insecurity
Francine decides to throw a block party to get in touch with the neighborhood. Stan learns his new neighbors are Iranian and immediately suspects that they are terrorists. To prepare Steve for living near terrorists, Stan makes Steve join a group of scouts, who turn out to be trouble makers. Roger is convinced he possesses hidden alien powers and is determined to find out what they are.

S01E07 - Deacon Stan, Jesus Man
Stan goes to great lengths to compete against his rival, Chuck White, and become the new deacon of their church. Meanwhile, Steve is falling in love with Chuck's daughter, Betsy. Roger is going through his reproductive cycle, causing him to lactate, ultimately complicating matters for Stan and Steve.

S01E08 - Bullocks to Stan
When Stan is up for a promotion, he asks his family to be on their best behavior at the CIA picnic. Unfortunately, Hayley ends up getting into a fight with Stan's boss, Bullock, which makes Stan think his chances for the promotion are ruined. But when Stan goes to Bullock's house to apologize for Hayley's behavior, he's shocked to discover Bullock's new woman.

S01E09 - A Smith in the Hand
When Steve brings home a permission slip to take sex ed at school, Stan flips out and demands to teach it himself. However, after Stan unrealistically explains the birds and the bees to Steve, he gets into an accident that causes him to take matters into his own hands. Meanwhile, Roger becomes a bartender in hopes of making something of himself.

S01E10 - All About Steve
When the CIA organizes a father-son baseball game, Stan is determined to show his co-workers that his son is masculine and athletic. Unfortunately, Steve is a geek, so Stan decides to lie and ditches him. But after getting a taste of his own treatment at work, Stan turns to Steve and his sci-fi knowledge to help capture a cyber-terrorist. Meanwhile, Roger goes incognito in a desperate attempt to interact with humans.

S01E11 - Con Heir
When Stan's father passes away, Stan reveals his real father is actually Jack Smith, a super suave spy. Jack convinces Stan to quit the CIA and work with him at the Scarlet Alliance, an ultra-secret spy group. Francine is upset with Stan, who is busy training with Jack for a mission involving uranium, artwork and terrorists. But when the FBI shows up at the Smiths' house looking for an international jewel thief, Francine suspects Jack is the fake.

S01E12 - Stan of Arabia, Part One
Stan has to throw a party for his boss and assumes his wife Francine will do all the work, but she refuses. With Stan as party planner, the event turns into a disaster. As a result, Stan's boss relocates Stan and his family to Saudi Arabia, where they quickly get a taste of life on foreign ground. As American and Arabian social norms clash, gender wars heat up.

S01E13 - Stan of Arabia, Part Two
As the Smiths continue to live in Saudi Arabia, Stan is fully enjoying the male-dominated society, while the rest of the family struggles with the different social norms. Meanwhile, Francine's musical exposé on gender roles gets her into trouble, and a brush with death leads the Smiths to return to the United States.

S01E14 - Stannie Get Your Gun
Francine insists that Stan and Hayley spend an entire day together, after their arguments drive her crazy, so they can work out their differences about gun control. However, her plan backfires when he takes Hayley to the "National Gun Association Land," where their conflicting opinions about gun control drive them even further apart. Back home, Roger schemes to get revenge on Steve for eating one of his cookies by convincing him that he's adopted.

S01E15 - Star Trek
Steve becomes a famous author, and the entire family gets caught up in his celebrity, including Stan, who becomes an unbearable "stage parent." After Steve hooks up with an agent, he abandons his family to lead a Cribs lifestyle.

S01E16 - Not Particularly Desperate Housewives
As Stan continues to dominate the household, Francine finds herself idolizing a group of women who seem to have it all. She tries to impress them and even lies in order to gain acceptance into their group, until she realizes they aren't as perfect as they seem. Meanwhile, loyalties are tested when Stan gets a new best friend.

S01E17 - Rough Trade
After Stan and Roger have a rough day, they get into a fight that leads to a Freaky Friday-type switcheroo where they get a taste of life in each other's shoes. But after the excitement of a new life stales, they face each other's problems as Roger is under pressure at work and Stan yearns to be needed. The swap gets out of hand as the family starts to crumble.

S01E18 - Finances With Wolves
After receiving a hefty bonus from work, Stan buys extravagant gadgets while Francine pleads for her dream kiosk. Upset about his lack of support, Francine opens a muffin shop without his approval and gives Stan a taste of life without a housewife. In a desperate move, Stan puts Klaus' brain back into a human body - only to discover it was a huge mistake as Klaus tries to win over Francine. Meanwhile, Steve is convinced he's a teen wolf after watching a horror film.

S01E19 - It's Good to be the Queen
Because of a past incident at his own prom, where he was lured into a dance with the homecoming queen only to have a pile of pigs dropped on him, Stan wants revenge by showing off that he married a homecoming queen, Francine. A proud Stan accompanies Francine to her reunion, but when they find out that two ballots were lost and that Francine didn't actually win the crown, Stan is devastated. Meanwhile, a dejected Steve is "saved" by a pizza delivery man with a Messianic message.

S01E20 - Roger 'n Me
When Stan goes to Atlantic City for a bachelor party and is shunned by his so-called best friend, Roger steps in and becomes Stan's new sidekick. Their friendship goes to a whole new level, but when they return home and face Francine, Stan realizes that what happens in Atlantic City doesn't necessarily stay there. Meanwhile, Hayley and Steve team up to break up a good-looking couple.

S01E21 - Helping Handis
Stan wants Steve to be popular and goes to desperate measures giving him steroids to make him bigger, better, and part of the in-crowd at school. But when the steroids have an unexpected side effect, Steve gets a lot more attention than anyone expected. Meanwhile, after Hayley makes a movie about Francine's life as a housewife, Francine is determined to start a new career as a doctor.

S01E22 - With Friends Like Steve's
After Steve shows a lack of interest in Stan's job, Stan replaces him with Barry, Steve's malicious friend. Barry frames Steve to eliminate him from the household, but when Steve discovers Barry's weakness, he relies on his CIA skills to save the family. Meanwhile, Roger takes an impressive keg-stand and uses it to become a fraternity brother.

S01E23 - Tears of a Clooney
When Francine's birthday brings back haunting memories of a celebrity film moment stolen by George Clooney, Francine's new dream is to destroy the star. But when she tries to win Clooney's heart with the intention of breaking it, Stan actually falls for him and sabotages the plan. Meanwhile, back at home, Roger builds a vineyard and starts up a private sweat shop of foster children.

---------------------------------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp