Bela Fleck - Throw Down Your Heart, Tales From the Acoustic Planet Vol. 3: Africa Sessions
2009

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Overview: 

Bela Fleck took his banjo and traveled across Africa including visits to Uganda, Mali, Tanzania, and South Africa. At each location Bela jammed and recorded with the local stars, including kora master Toumani Diabate, guitarist D'Gary, vocalists Oumani Sangare and Baba Maal, ngoni player Baekou Kouyate, djembe player Madou Sanogo. This brief list of African stars only scratches the surface of what probably amounts to about 100 different African musicians that play on the various tracks on this album. Each track features a different group of musicians and is recorded in a different locale. The end result is a magnificent fusion of the banjo and traditional African music. There is just an enormous amount of material here with a total of 18 tracks. With so much diversity of material you are likely to find a track two that disagree with your tastes, but overall its hard to imagine any fans of Bela Fleck and/or traditional African music not loving this CD. My only criticism is it is too bad that legendary kora master Toumani Diabate only plays on one track. However, the two are currently touring the together, so if your lucky and they come to your town, you can see more of their amazing chemistry in concert. 

Song Highlights: 

D'Gary Jam - this is track features an all-star cast included Toumani Diabate and his Malian band, D'Gary on guiar, plus great vocals. 

Throw Down Your Heart - Written by Bela Fleck on his way to Africa during a layover in Amsterdam, this is the best song writing on the CD. A great new Bela Fleck tune played with a small group of musicians from Mali. 

Ah Ndiya - This track is highlighted by the gorgeous vocals of Oumani Sangare. Pretty and moving.
-- user review @ amazon.com

Tracks
01 - Tulinesangala
02 - Kinetsa
03 - Ah Ndiya
04 - Kabibi
05 - Angelina
06 - D'Gary Jam
07 - Throw Down Your Heart
08 - Thula Mana
09 - Warenziente
10 - Buribalal
11 - Zawose
12 - Ajula-Mbamba
13 - Pakugyenda Balebauo
14 - Jesus Is The Only Answer
15 - Matitu
16 - Mariam
17 - Jorolet
18 - Dunia Haina Wema-thumb fun

EAC log and CUE sheet included

Format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org

You too can search for evidence the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the Lord and Master of the Universe  
http://setiathome.berkeley.edu