Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Don't You Want Me" is a single by British synthpop group The Human League, released from their third album Dare on November 27, 1981. It is the band's best known and most commercially successful recording to date, topping the Billboard Hot 100 in the US, and was the Christmas number one in the UK where it sold over 1,400,000 copies, making it the 25th most successful single in UK singles chart history. The song has been covered multiple times, most notably by Alcazar.

"Don't You Want Me" is a conflicting male/female duet on the subject of jealousy and romantic obsession. The male protagonist of the song (Oakey) is a svengali figure who turns a female waitress (sung by Susan Ann Sulley) into a 'star', who then subsequently leaves him once she has obtained fame. It is underscored by two backing synthesizer samples and Rushent's LM1 sequence with Burden's core keyboard background. Rushent and Callis would be responsible for the final mix incorporating pizzicato strings. The track is different to the rest of Dare, not only for its pop sound but also because it features a female joint lead vocal. Against Oakey's wishes, it was released as a single in November 1981; the song then became the band's biggest hit and one of the highest selling singles of all time in the UK.

Dare (or Dare! in the U.S.) is the third studio album from British synthpop band The Human League.

The album was recorded between March and September 1981 and first released in the UK on 20 October 1981, then subsequently in the U.S. in mid-1982.

The style of the album is the result of the rapid evolution of The Human League from experimental avant-garde electronic group into a commercial pop group under Philip Oakey's creative direction following the departure of fellow founding members Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh. Dare became critically acclaimed and has proved to be a genre defining album, whose influence can be felt in many areas of pop music today.  The album and its four singles were hugely successful commercially, with the album reaching #1 in the UK and being certified Triple Platinum by the BPI.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

