The Simpsons is an animated sitcom about the antics of a dysfunctional family called the Simpsons (surprise surprise). Homer is the oafish unhealthy beer loving father, Marge is the hardworking homemaker wife, Bart is the ten year old underachiever (and proud of it), Lisa is the unappreciated eight year old genius, and Maggie is the cute, pacifier loving silent infant. Written by Sam Kelly 

The Simpsons are a very politically incorrect family. Homer works with pride in a nuclear power plant run with more regard for profit that safety. His wife is Marge, a kind of supermom. They have three kids: Bart, an underachiever (\"and proud of it\"), Lisa (who is as serious and responsible as Bart isn\'t), and Maggie. Written by Murray Chapman  

The Simpsons is the ultimate (if very unorthodox) nuclear family. Homer, the lovable dufus father, stumbles apathetic ally through his family life and work at the local nuclear power plant. Marge, the overbearing but responsible mother, Bart, the 4th grade underachiever and nemesis to Springfield elementary\'s principal, Lisa, the brainy and responsible 8 year old, and Maggie, the oft-forgotten baby, round out the family. Based on a series of small cartoon sketches from the Tracy Ullman show, the Simpsons enjoy many wacky exploits in their hometown and beyond. Other characters include an incompetent lawyer, the tyrranical nuclear power plant owner, the too-perfect neighbors (the Flanders) of the Simpsons, and the less than perfect \"Klown\", Krusty. Colorful characters and situations abound. Written by Sam Hayes  

Animated primetime series that follows the exploits of a hapless and semi-dysfunctional nuclear family named the Simpsons, who live in the fictional town of Springfield, whose various inhabitants add to the comedy, angst, satire and parody of this series. Written by Ondre Lombard  

The Simpsons are a dysfunctional family living in Springfield. Homer, the man of the house, is a safety inspector at the Nuclear Power Plant. Homer constantly spends most of his time at Moe\'s Tavern getting drunk. Marge is a hard-working housewife of three children. Bart is a clever 10 year old who loves pranking others. Lisa is the genius of the Simpson family. She receives very excellent grades in school. She is the most trusted person in school and a \"principal\'s pet\". Maggie is the youngest. Maggie has not spoken yet. The Simpsons get themselves in some crazy adventures. Written by Seth Weinstein (problemchild4@hotmail.com)