In this CDRip i have provided the Covers and CD JPegs [Pictures]
Along with EAC Log and M3U Playlist..
Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
Cheers, Bubanee

The soundtrack was released as The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Music From The Motion Picture in 1975. It contained the tracks:

   1. "Science Fiction/Double Feature"
   2. "Dammit Janet"
   3. "Over at the Frankenstein Place"
   4. "Time Warp"
   5. "Sword of Damocles"
   6. "Sweet Transvestite"
   7. "I Can Make You a Man"
   8. "Hot Patootie - Bless My Soul"
   9. "I Can Make You a Man (Reprise)"
  10. "Touch-a, Touch-a, Touch Me"
  11. "Eddie"
  12. "Floor Show":
      a. "Rose Tint My World"
      b. "Fanfare/Don't Dream It"
      c. "Wild and Untamed Thing"
  13. "I'm Going Home"
  14. "Super Heroes"
  15. "Science Fiction/Double Feature (Reprise)"
  16. "Time Warp (1989 remix - extended version)"
  17. "Time Warp (music - 1 = background track = U mix)"


The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a 1975 British musical comedy film that parodies science fiction and horror films. Still in limited release nearly 34 years after its premiere, it has the longest-running theatrical release in film history. It gained notoriety as a midnight movie in 1977 when audiences began participating with the film in theaters across the United States. "Rocky Horror" is the first movie from a major film studio, such as 20th Century Fox, to be in the midnight movie market. Widely known by mainstream audiences, it has a large international following and is one of the most well known and financially successful midnight movies of all time. In 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."

The film, considered a cult classic, is an adaptation of the British musical stage production The Rocky Horror Show. Richard O'Brien, author of the stage show, was assisted by Jim Sharman in writing the screenplay. The movie introduces Tim Curry and features Susan Sarandon and Barry Bostwick along with cast members from the original Kings Road production of the play performed at the Royal Court Theatre.
Contents
