Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Wild Angels is a 1995 album by Martina McBride. The album produced the singles "Safe in the Arms of Love", "Wild Angels", "Swingin' Doors", "Phones Are Ringin' All Over Town", and "Cry on the Shoulder of the Road". "Wild Angels" was McBride's first Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts.

Also included is a cover of "Two More Bottles of Wine", which was previously a Number One hit for Emmylou Harris in 1978. "Safe in the Arms of Love" was originally recorded by Baillie & the Boys on their 1989 album Turn the Tide, and in 1994 by Michelle Wright on her 1994 album The Reasons Why. Wright's version of the song was a Top Ten hit in Canada.

Martina McBride (born Martina Mariea Schiff on July 29, 1966, in Sharon, Kansas) is an American country music singer and songwriter. McBride has been called the "Céline Dion of Country Music" for her big-voiced ballads and soprano range.

McBride was signed to RCA Records in 1991 and made her debut the following year as a neo-traditionalist country singer with the single, "The Time Has Come." It was not until 1997, when she released her fourth album, Evolution, that she broke through into the country music industry with a new pop-styled crossover sound, similar to that of Faith Hill and Shania Twain. From that point on, McBride has had a string of major hit singles on the Billboard country chart and occasionally on the adult contemporary chart. Five of these singles went to #1 on the country chart between 1995 and 2001, and one peaked at #1 on the adult contemporary chart in 2003.

McBride has recorded a total of nine studio albums, one "greatest hits" compilation, one "live" album, a "Christmas" compilation, as well as two additional compilation albums. Seven of her studio albums and two of her compilations have received an RIAA certification of "Gold", or higher. Worldwide, she has sold over 16 million albums. In addition, Martina has won the Country Music Association's "Female Vocalist of the Year" award four times (tied with Reba McEntire for the most wins) and the Academy of Country Music's "Top Female Vocalist" award three times.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/