Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"(Flesh & Blood) Sacrifice" is a song by American hard rock band Poison. It is the fifth single and title track from their 1990 album, Flesh & Blood. In the linear notes of Poison's Greatest Hits: 1986-1996 Bret Michaels talks about the song: "As for the lyrics, at the time I was heavily reading horror books, especially about Dracula. The song is based on fantasy. It is about the love between a man and a woman who spend eternity together."

Flesh & Blood is the third studio album by American  glam metal band Poison, released in 1990 through the Enigma label of Capitol Records. The album peak at #2 on the Billboard charts and it sold over 7 million copies worldwide.

The album spawned two top 10 singles: "Unskinny Bop" and "Something to Believe In", as well as three other hit singles: "Ride The Wind", "Life Goes On", and "(Flesh & Blood) Sacrifice".

Flesh & Blood was certified Gold in 1990 and 3 times Multi Platinum in 1991 by the RIAA.

Parts of the album reflected a darker, more serious side to the band, touching themes such as hard times and overcoming them ("Valley of Lost Souls", "Life Loves A Tragedy", "Come Hell Or High Water"), missing loved ones ("Life Goes On"), long-term relationships ("Don’t Give Up an Inch", "Ball and Chain"), and disillusionment ("Something to Believe In"). The fun side of the band remained intact, however, in tracks dealing with sex ("(Flesh & Blood) Sacrifice", "Unskinny Bop"), exhilaration from music or motorbikes ("Let It Play", "Ride the Wind"), and tongue-in-cheek poverty ("Poor Boy Blues").

The meaning of "Unskinny Bop", one of the band's most popular songs, has always been shrouded in obscurity. DeVille later confessed that the phrase "unskinny bop" has no particular meaning. He invented it as a temporary measure while writing the song, before vocalist Bret Michaels had begun working on the lyrics. The phrase was used on the basis that it was phonetically suited to the music. The song was later played to producer Fairbairn, who stated that although he did not know what an "unskinny bop" was, the phrase was perfect.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

