Collection of comics based on the Warhammer Fantasy and Warhammer 40,000 created by Games Workshop.  


Inferno! 
Inferno! was a bi-monthly magazine published from 1997 to 2004 by Games Workshop's publishing division, Black Library, which was initially just the name of the team brought together to work on Inferno!
It presented fiction, artwork, and comics set in the fictional universe's of Games Workshop's fantasy and science fiction games. These initially included Warhammer Fantasy Battle, Warhammer 40,000, and Necromunda, and later added the Mordheim and Gorkamorka settings. 
Inferno! had a policy of accepting unsolicited submissions and publishing new authors. Many writers who went on to publish novels for Black Library, such as C.L. Werner and Ben Counter, began their professional writing careers with short stories in Inferno! The magazine also published stories by established science fiction authors such as Barrington J. Bayley and Brian Stableford.
The success of Inferno!, along with the lessons learned and the contacts made during its early days, led to a spin-off comic, Warhammer Monthly. 
All the currently scanned issues of Inferno! have been included in this pack.


Warhammer Monthly
Warhammer Monthly was a comics anthology published by Games Workshop's publishing arm, Black Library, from March 1998 to December 2004, running to 86 issues in total. The final two issues were published bi-monthly under the name Warhammer Comic. It featured stories set within the fictional universe of Games Workshop's miniature wargames Warhammer and Warhammer 40,000, amongst others.
The comic used an anthology format, usually featuring three or four stories each of seven to eight pages in length. The stories in Warhammer Monthly were usually serialised, and would run for several months. The most popular stories returned for more series, and were often collected in trade paperback form.
Warhammer Monthly was cancelled after issue 86 as sales were poor in comparison to the numerous novels Black Library were producing. In 2006, Games Workshop licensed the comic books rights to Boom! Studios.


Boom! Studios
In 2006, Boom! Studios got the license from Games Workshop to produce a line of comic books and graphic novels based on Warhammer Fantasy and Warhammer 40,000. These comics are particularly notable for featuring the work of fan favorite Warhammer novelist and comic writer Dan Abnett.

Series include:

Warhammer 40,000:
Damnation Crusade
Blood and Thunder
Exterminatus
Fire and Honour
Defenders of Ultramar

Warhammer Fantasy:
Forge of War 
Condemned by Fire
Crown of Destruction

As of mid-2009, it seems as if Boom Studios has lost the license to Warhammer and Warhammer 40,000, as with no explanation or announcement they removed all the comics and novels from their website.


Due to mature content and scenes of extreme gore this torrent comes with an ADULT rating.



Released on http://ComicPirates.info