PROUDLY PRESENTS

                   D16.Group.Nepheton.VSTi.v1.4.0.Incl.Keygen 

                            SUPPLIER ..: TEAM AiR   
                            PROTECTION : KEYFiLE      
                            SIZE ......: 02 * 4,77MB
                            DATE ......: 11/2009 
                            URL........: http://www.d16.pl 

                              
                    
                         
             
            

   Synthesis 
             
   Nepheton contains 17 fully synthesized instruments perfectly emulating  the 
   famous 808  drum machine.  All the  nuances and  details of the instruments 
   sounds are  captured perfectly.  The instruments  models are  equipped with 
   additional controls giving you possibility to tweak the sound much  better. 
   Listen to the audio examples or just download the demo and try it out.  
             
   Outputs   
             
   Nepheton  has a  flexible output  configuration. Every  instrument's audio 
   signal can be routed to any of the 17 outputs. This allows users to further 
   shape sounds individually or in  groups via their favourite plug-ins.  Each 
   individual output can be set to  mono or stereo. For the greatest  808 fans 
   we've  added also  original Trigger  output (configurable  as well).  Every 
   instrument also has  a Mute, Solo  button and Activity  led. Mute will  not 
   just silence the sound, it will  stop the sound being triggered. Solo  will 
   stop all other instruments from being triggered and only allow the selected 
   sound(s) to play. 
             
   Control   
             
   Nepheton has extensive midi control. Midi notes can be used to trigger each 
   individual sound. Alternatively, the  internal sequencer can be  used. This 
   can be set to  play using Nepheton's internal  clock or set to  synchronize 
   perfectly  to the  host sequencer.  Most of  Nepheton's parameters  can be 
   automated within the host and also controlled using MidiCC with an external 
   controller. An easy-to-use Midi  Learn function allows reassignment  of any 
   of the parameters. 
             
   Internal Sequencer 
             
   Internal  sequencer's memory  contains two  banks of  patterns: simple  and 
   extended. There is  16 extended and  96 simple patterns  which both can  be 
   edited traditionally  using the  step buttons  or using  the tap  function. 
   Simple patterns are  used in Host  Mode where each  pattern location has  a 
   midi note number assigned  to it. With these  notes you can control  freely 
   the order of played patterns. Extended pattern differs from the simple  one 
   in it has  4 segments (variation  A/B and part  1/2). The whole  bank of 16 
   extended  patterns  is  divided  into  two  groups  of  Basic  Patterns and 
   Intro/Fill In Patterns.  You can choose  freely from played  patterns, used 
   variations, and  fill in  modes (triggered  automatically or  manually). It 
   also can  be defined  whether the  starting pattern  should be  preceded by 
   introduction pattern and  many many more.  Extended patterns are  used when 
   Host  Mode  is off.  A  Randomizer function  is  also provided  within  the 
   internal sequencer. It can be used  to make simple changes to a  pattern or 
   create  a  whole  new one  -  ideal  when your  creativity  needs  a boost! 
   Randomizing can  be applied  to specific  instruments and  the frequency of 
   occurrence can also be adjusted easily  to give you just the right  amount. 
   All  external  files are  stored  in the  XML  format. This  allows  single 
   patterns or whole  banks to be  exchanged between users  easily. XML allows 
   the files to be edited in a text editor. Ideal if you want to post or share 
   a pattern on a web site - just post the text! 
             
             
   Full Features: 
             
             
   17 fully synthesized instruments  
             
   perfectly scaled knob ranges  
             
   exhanced control of instruments' sounds  
             
   dynamic signal routing from instruments to outputs  
             
   user  defined  outputs  configuration  (Master  out,  instruments  outputs, 
   Trigger output)  
             
   mutes/solos for each instrument (affect triggerring not just the signal)  
             
   fully controllable via MidiCC  
             
   quick midiCC assignation with MidiLearn function  
             
   many ways of controlling the device:  
             
   external mode (note mode)  
             
   internal sequencer (pattern mode) with 2 submodes  
             
   external mode:  
             
   user defined midi map (default set equal to General Midi)  
             
   note velocity controls instruments' levels  
             
   internal sequencer:  
             
   96 simple patterns  
             
   16  extended  patterns (12  basic  rythms and  4  intros/fill ins)  with  4 
   segments per pattern  
             
   each segment can be defined with one of four available measures  
             
   each step can be defined normal or accented  
             
   shuffle mode  
             
   tap mode  
             
   built in Randomizer  (selection of instruments  to random and  frequency of 
   the randomized notes)  
             
   patterns import/export via human readable xml files  
             
   two modes of synchronization:  
             
   precise synchronization to the host tempo  
             
   synchronization to internal  clock - tempo  controlled in the  range 30-303 
   BPM (+-0.1)  
             
   preset manager  
             
             
             
   Changes in v1.4.0 
             
             
   fixed issue with preset name keyboard focus  
             
   fixed hanging GUI issue during simultaneous work with other d16 plugins  
             
   fixed issue with loading/saving current pattern 


                                                          
                         
                                   
                  
                                        
                  1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe 
                            
                  2) Use Keygen to create your Nepheton.key 
                     and copy it into installation folder 
                            
                  3) Enjoy this fine Team AiR release !!! 


                       
                                      
               
                                                    nFO bY ThE AiRBEARS 2009