Alex Jones - Talk Radio Host
Stewart Rhodes - Founder & Director Oath Keepers
Ernie Hancock - Talk Radio Host
Travis Maddox - 2008 Congressional Candidate, Constitution Party
James Lane - Talk Radio Host, We Are Change, OKC
Richard Mack - Author & Speaker
Chuck Baldwin - 2008 Constitution Party Presidential Candidate
Michael Badnarik - 2004 Libertarian Presidential Candidate
Len Horowitz - Vaccine Expert
Kaye Beach - Talk Radio Host, Investigative Reporter
Jeffrey Grupp - The Antimatter Radio Show
Jim Marrs - Author, Rule By Secrecy 

PICKS UP WHERE THE LAST ONE LEFT OFF!
Visit a real-life FEMA camp.  Experience the gut reaction as we examine this state of the art facility.  Hear from a former policeman as he deconstructs DHS decontamination training.  Forced evacuation, forced vaccines, forced quarantine and mandatory detention.  Are you an enemy of the state?

Panics, orchestrated crises, media hype and propaganda have been used in the name of “protecting the people” for generations.  CNN, the Southern Poverty Law Center and other media outlets air special reports and name call anyone who questions the government as conspiracy theorists in an effort to suppress information.  Yet, with the de-classification of decades-old documents, it can be found that many of these “conspiracy theories” are not so theoretical after all.

We'll visit a real-life FEMA camp that will send tingles up your treason-bones.  We'll examine an ex-police officer's training in a Department of Homeland Security decontamination program that promises round-ups, forced unclothing, detoxification, mandatory vaccines and further detention.

From legal immunity to vaccine manufacturers to illegal military teams put together through FEMA, you're not going to believe the power given to "officials" to put this country under a state of martial law.

As heart-rates rise, Enemy of the State: Camp FEMA Part 2 takes a look at the government and media manipulation of an unwitting public, and plans that have been laid out through legislation, Executive Orders and Presidential Directives that pave the way for the elimination of many, if not all, of our most basic rights.

Enemy of The State: Camp FEMA Part 2 thrashes out the mission of a police state and the implementation of martial law.
Are you an Enemy of the State?

Written, Produced & Directed by William Lewis
Written by Debbie Morgan, Written & Produced by Gary Franchi