Howard Stern Special
July 31, 2009

Uploaded By:  wushdishmeen
REMEMBER THE NAME

                     Three Stooges - Lost and Found Interviews
                              Hosted By Tom Bergeron

                              128KBPS COMMERCIAL FREE

[Description]
Since their cinematic debut in 1934, The Three Stooges have attracted millions of fans worldwide including The King Of All Media himself, Howard Stern. The Stooges have been a constant influence throughout Stern’s legendary radio career, inspiring conversations, comedy bits and constant references to their genius.

In May 2009, during his interview with Dancing with the Stars host Tom Bergeron, Howard learned that as a teenager in the 70’s, Bergeron had the chance to actually interview two of the original Three Stooges, Moe Howard and Larry Fine. Bergeron noted that he even recorded the conversations but didn’t know the exact location of these precious tapes. Howard responded to Tom that if he could find these sacred recordings, he would create an exclusive special to showcase the interviews on his channels at Sirius XM Radio.

Tom Bergeron went home and found the tapes.

Howard Stern and Sirius XM Radio are proud to present an exciting new special, The Three Stooges: Lost and Found Interviews. Hosted by Emmy Award winner Tom Bergeron, The Three Stooges: Lost and Found Interviews features Tom’s extremely rare interviews he conducted as a teenager with Moe Howard and Larry Fine as well as the unique stories behind them. On the tapes, both Moe and Larry discuss the history of the Stooges plus the Curly/Shemp/Curly-Joe/Joe “third stooge” evolution. Larry reminisces about working with Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton, in one memorable moment, Moe takes a swipe at legendary comedians Jerry Lewis and Bob Hope. (Knuckleheads!) The interview with Larry Fine was done just months before his death in 1975.

In addition to these priceless interviews, host Tom Bergeron will highlight some of The Howard Stern Show’s greatest Stooge-themed moments from Howard’s personal radio archive including a “Beaver Break” from 1982, the Stern Show gang playing “Three Stooges” trivia, Howard reflecting on watching the Stooges with his father Ben Stern as well as several legendary bits from the mid-90’s featuring the Stern Show’s master Larry Fine impressionist, Billy West.

The Three Stooges: Lost and Found Interviews hosted by Tom Bergeron will air on Friday, July 31st at 2:00pm ET on Howard 101.

It’s a must-hear for Stooge and Stern fans alike.