About The Sarah Connor Chronicles

What is The Sarah Connor Chronicles (or SCC)?
SCC is a TV show that was spun off from the successful science fiction “Terminator” franchise, about a futuristic world where machines, led by the uncaring Skynet Artificial Intelligence network, has nearly destroyed all of mankind, which it has decided is a pest to the planet, and so must be extinguished. The future human survivors are led by a man name John Connor, who was taught as a young age by a courageous mother named Sarah Connor to fight the machines.
Here is FOX’s write-up for the show:
Executive producers Josh Friedman (“War of the Worlds”), David Nutter (“Supernatural,” “Smallville”) and C2 Pictures (“Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines”) bring to television an intense new drama based on the celebrated heroine of the “Terminator” movies: Sarah Connor.
At the end of “Terminator 2: Judgment Day,” Sarah vanquished the liquid metal Terminator sent from the future to kill her teenage son, John. Sarah and John now find themselves alone in a very dangerous, complicated world. Fugitives from the law, they are confronted with the reality that still more enemies from the future, and the present, could attack at any moment.

THE SARAH CONNOR CHRONICLES reveals what happens when SARAH (Lena Headey, “The Brothers Grimm,” “300”) stops running and goes on the offensive against an ever-evolving technological enemy bent on destroying her life, and perhaps the world. Her son, 15-year-old JOHN CONNOR (Thomas Dekker, “Heroes”), knows that he may be the future savior of mankind, but is not yet ready to take on the mantle of leadership that he’s told is his destiny. John finds himself inextricably drawn to CAMERON (Summer Glau, “Serenity,” “The Unit”), an enigmatic and otherworldly student at his high school, who soon proves to be much more than his confidante – she assumes the role of Sarah and John’s fearless protector. On their trail are not only threats from the future, but an intelligent and tough FBI agent, JAMES ELLISON (Richard T. Jones, “Judging Amy”), who soon becomes a powerful ally.
Directed by David Nutter and produced by Warner Bros. Television and C-2 Pictures, THE SARAH CONNOR CHRONICLES represents an exciting reinvention of the “Terminator” franchise, in which the strong and intrepid Sarah discovers that protecting her son and stopping the rise of the machines is more difficult than she had ever imagined.
———-*———-
THE CHARACTERS:

SARAH CONNOR (Lena Headey):
A tough-as-nails soldier who has trained to fight Skynet and its killer machines every waking day of her life ever since Kyle Reese, a man from the future, told her about the future. Sarah’s son John was born out of a union between Sarah and Kyle Reese, who the future John had sent back in time to save his mother — and create him, thus sending his own father to his death in the past. Sarah is determined to keep John alive, and sometimes her obsession to save him pushes him away. Her will, and her love for her son is so strong that when given the opportunity, she would voluntarily kill herself rather than give away John’s location.
———-*———-

JOHN CONNOR (Thomas Dekker):
A normal looking teenage boy from all appearances, except this teen has been told that he is the last hope for mankind’s salvation, and has been trained by his mother to fight the machines like a soldier and, more importantly, a leader. John wants desperately to live a normal life, but knowing what the machines are capable of means he is not deluded enough to believe that he can have such a thing as a normal life. He is both burdened by the knowledge that he is destined to lead mankind to salvation and the needs of a teenage boy.
———-*———-

CAMERON (Summer Glau):
Like John, she looks like a typical high school teen, but quickly reveals herself to be something more. Cameron is a Terminator, sent from the future to help keep John alive. Having had previous experiences with “good” Terminators, John and Sarah easily take her into their confidence. Of course, the fact that she’s already saved them more than once from another Terminator out for John’s blood seems to prove her pedigree. But still, as is the case with these Terminators, you can never really tell their intentions…
———-*———-

JAMES ELLISON (Richard T. Jones):
James Ellison is the FBI Agent in charge of pursuing murder suspect and federal fugitive Sarah Connor. Ellison at first believes that Sarah is delusional, but soon comes to realize that her story is more than just far-fetched, it could be very much real. Is he a future ally? Anything’s possible…
———-*———-

And of course there is Shirley Manson Too, as the T-1001 Catherine Weaver "The Tower is Big, But the Fall is Short". The original reason which i was interested in the serie


PRODUCTION COMPANIES

Warner Bros. Television
C-2 Pictures
EXECUTIVE PRODUCERS

Josh Friedman
David Nutter
James Middleton
Mario Kassar
Andrew Vajna
Joel Michaels
WRITER

Josh Friedman
DIRECTOR

David Nutter
CAST

Lena Headey as Sarah Connor
Thomas Dekker as John Connor
Richard T. Jones as James Ellison
Summer Glau as Cameron