SAW-RELOADED

SAW (c) Konami Digital Entertainment Inc.

10/2009 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action

SAW centers on Detective David Tapp who awakens in a decrepit, abandoned
asylum. He has been captured by his longtime nemesis, Jigsaw. Obsessed with
catching this serial killer, Tapp's mission has consumed him and ruined his
family, resulting in divorce, mental imbalance, and abandonment. Worse yet,
this frantic hunt destroyed Tapp's career while he watched his long-time
friend and partner get killed by one of Jigsaw's traps. Now Jigsaw has the
upper hand and has captured the detective. Tapp must play a deadly game €”the
likes of which he has been investigating for years €”to escape, and in order
to do so he must survive the lethal traps and puzzles that Jigsaw has put in
place for him and others. But each victim has a dark connection to Tapp. Will
Tapp save them? Can he survive his obsession to find the Jigsaw killer?

Features
* Traps of Lethal Cunning - Jigsaw has laid out a gauntlet of torturous
traps for a handful of innocents. Only you stand between them and the
most brutal death imaginable. Think quickly and act! The clock is
ticking.
* Choices of conscience - The player is forced to make difficult moral
choices. Who lives and who dies in the game is determined by the
player's choices.
* Mysteries Revealed - Unanswered questions from the films are finally laid
to rest. Gamers will discover the origin of Jigsaw and why he devoted his
life to games, while also finding out what happened to the characters
from the first SAW movie.
* Ecology of Terror - The asylum in which Jigsaw has trapped you is
abandoned, but it is far from empty. It is a living world of horror
populated by Jigsaw's minions and the insane souls they torture € and
they have no intention of letting you leave.

1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!