 http://bayimg.com/JapFdAACo

The Border Post (2006) 

Karaula (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0466561/

In Croatian with English subtitles.
Also contains two .mp3 tracks from the film's soundtrack.

The Border Post (Croatian: Karaula) is a Croatian action film directed by Rajko Grlic. It was released in 2006.

  Toni Gojanovic  ...  Sinisa  
  Sergej Trifunovic  ...  Ljuba Paunovic  
  Emir Hadzihafizbegovic  ...  Porucnik Safet Pasic  
  Verica Nedeska  ...  Mirjana  
  Bogdan Diklic  ...  Pukovnik Rade Orhideja  
  Miodrag Fisekovic  ...  Gvozdenovic  
  Franjo Dijak  ...  Budiscak  
  Petre Arsovski  ...  Ilievski  
  Tadej Troha  ...  Lanisnik  
  Zoran Ljutkov  ...  Milco  
  Igor Bencina  ...  Vladika  
  Selim Sendzul  ...  Mica  
  Almedin Leleta  ...  Hasan  
  Hrvoje Keckes  ...  Miljenko  
  Halid Beslic  ...  Pevac narodne muzike  


Josip Broz Tito, who ruled what used to be Yugoslavia for more than a half century, would not find much to laugh about in the military comedy Border Post, although most other viewers will have an enjoyable time. 

It's 1987 (seven years after Tito's death) at a small army post in Yugoslavia, on the border with Albania. The soldiers who man the sleepy garrison are bored out of their minds. Thank goodness they have women, booze and hash to provide temporary diversion. 

Border Post, the work of veteran Croatian director Rajko Grlic, pokes fun at Tito and pompous military officials as it darkly but pleasantly relates what happens when the comrade lieutenant who runs the post comes down with syphilis and enlists a young soldier (Toni Gojanovic), the only doctor around, to cure him. 

The script is fresh and accessible, even for folks who don't know Croatia from Cambodia, and it is put over by solid acting and direction.

Though by any standards an accomplished and engaging work of cinema, Border Post is historically notable as a co-production between Croatia, Serbia-Montenegro, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Slovenia and Macedonia (plus the UK.) It's the first time that the ex-Yugoslav countries have collaborated on such a project, and as is therefore itself cause for interest and celebration: especially as the film itself, set high above on the shores of Macedonia's Lake Ohrid, takes place in 1987 – just before Yugoslavia started its vertiginous slide into civil war(s). 

Our hero is Sinisa (Toni Gojanovic), a medical student from Split enduring his year of compulsory military service. A happy-go-lucky sort, he makes the most of his posting to a hilltop post near the Albanian border under the command of booze-soaked Bosnian veteran Pasic (Emir Hadzihafizbegovic). Pasic is keen to be transferred, even keener to visit his wife Mirjana (Verica Nedeska-Trajkova) who lives in the nearest city. But when Pasic contracts syphilis after a visit to a prostitute, he's advised by Sinisa that the penicillin cure will require three weeks to remove the tell-tale symptoms. Pasic speedily concocts an alert about Albanian troops massing menacingly on the border – cancelling all leave … for three weeks (until we get his dick sorted out, we're at war with Albania!) Pasic needs to get messages and money to Mirjana, enlisting the trusted Sinisa as go-between – but the fresh-faced lad isn't quite so innocent as he may appear…

With the aid of some unexpectedly striking cinematography from Slobodan Trninic (who makes the absolute most of Ohrid's spectacular vistas) and a soundtrack featuring some choice cuts of 1980s Yugo-pop, Grlic – adapting Ante Tomic's novel – impressively shifts his picture's tone as the plot gradually gathers speed. We move from the Bilko / M*A*S*H / Buffalo Soldiers khaki-knockabout of the gleefully foul-mouthed early sections, through to more romantic and serious moods (even tragically melodramatic) in the later acts as Nedeska-Trajkova's sensual, intelligent Mirjana becomes an increasingly prominent element in an otherwise testosterone-heavy ensemble. The life's-rich-tapestry approach taken by Grlic is at once utterly 'Balkan' and yet, thanks to the strong performances and witty script, fully accessible to wider audiences. Knowledge of the impending Yugoslav cataclysm, however, adds a crucial extra element of poignancy and irony to even the funniest and breeziest of moments.

Adapted from a novel by the Croatian journalist Ante Tomic, Border Post nimbly walks the line between farce and drama for most of its 94 minutes. Mr. Grlic, who also co-wrote the film, smartly uses period background broadcasts to color his portrait of a nation sputtering toward civil war on ideological fumes. By 1987, Yugoslavian strongman Marshal Tito had been dead for seven years. Yet state-owned television announcers on a barracks TV set soberly describe an ongoing cross-country relay race to celebrate the late dictator's birthday and an academic symposium about the country's future entitled After Tito: Tito.

The personal ironies of Border Post are what really distinguish the film from any number of other military black comedies. Everything will be fine, Sinisia tells Verica during a momentary lull in their ardor. No, it won't, she replies matter-of-factly. Nothing will be fine. She knows that Sinisia is at once too innocent and too arrogant to offer her the marriage she's been unable to have with the lieutenant. Nevertheless she offers her heart to the young man and in doing so inches ever closer to tragedy. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Pasic knows on some level that he himself is far too detestable a character for Ljuba to befriend. And yet when Ljuba suddenly starts toeing the party line, Pasic needs so badly to believe that his mission is just, that he plays along until it's too late.





