Celtic Woman - 2010 FLAC





Tracklisting:
1. Fields Of Gold
2. Amazing Grace
3. Nil Se'n La
4. My Lagan Love
5. When You Believe
6. The New Ground - Isle Of Hope, Isle Of Tears
7. The Coast Of Galicia
8. Non C'e Piu
9. The Moon's A Harsh Mistress
10.You'll Be In My Heart
11.Goodnight My Angel
12.Galway Bay
13.The Lost Rose Fantasia
14.O, America!



Artist: Celtic Woman
Album: Songs From The Heart
Released: 2010
Genre: celtic, folk
Country: Ireland 
Duration: 00:56:02



The Irish music phenomenon, Celtic Woman has earned international recognition for their heavenly melodies and magnificent live shows. The 5 member Irish female ensemble known for putting a modern twist on the Celtic sound is set to release their new CD and DVD, Songs from the Heart, through Manhattan Records on January 26th. 
The CD features studio recorded versions of songs performed during the PBS Special "Celtic Woman – Songs from the Heart". Recorded live in HD in the lush Irish country setting of the majestic Powerscourt House & Gardens, the special will be featured on the DVD portion of Songs from the Heart and will air on PBS beginning October 29th.

Beautifully capturing the pure essence of Celtic Woman, musical director David Downes showcases the celestial sounds of vocalists Lisa Kelly, Chloe Agnew, Lynn Hilary and Alex Sharpe along with the dynamic inventiveness of Celtic Violinist Mairead Nesbitt on Songs from the Heart. The Songs from the Heart CD/DVD will include contemporary hits like Mariah Carey's "When You Believe," Sting's "Fields of Gold," and Billy Joel's "Goodnight My Angel" as well as the Irish classics "Galway Bay" and "My Lagan Love".

Celtic Woman is currently on the last leg of their "Isle of Hope" tour with US dates through November. The group continues to delight fans moving seamlessly between Irish classics, contemporary covers and original compositions including their current single – the uplifting "O,America!". Written exclusively for the group, "O,America!" has been touching the hearts of Americans with its patriotic and inspirational message. The song will also be featured on the Songs from the Heart CD/DVD and PBS special. A new tour is being planned for the upcoming year and will include a two night stop at the legendary Radio City Music Hall. 

In only four years, Celtic Woman has had CD and DVD sales topping 4 million, played 9 US tours, and performed for almost a million people. Their last three PBS specials have aired close to 14,000 times on 685 PBS stations across the country. "Celtic Woman – Songs from the Heart" marks the group's 5th collaboration with PBS. As a testament to the group's ability to cross musical and cultural boundaries, Celtic Woman were invited to perform on ABC's Dancing With The Stars singing the Brendan Graham original "You Raise Me Up" for 23 million viewers. A true celebration of Ireland and Celtic Woman's unforgettable signature style, Songs from the Heart will touch fans of all ages and cultures. 

