Stolen from Amazon's description for consistency, I don't want to wait for demonoid to go back up to copy my old description, and other reasons:

"Moomin valley lies somewhere in the realm of fantasy, in what might best be described as a parallel world. But for Moomin, his family and friends and all the other little beings of the valley, it is gigantic. For them Moomin valley is an exciting paradise with mountains and forests, oceans and islands. Everything may occur there and anything can suddenly make an appearance. Sometimes it appears dreadfully dangerous. But there is always a marvellous underlying sense of security in the knowledge that, whatever the excitement, there will be a happy ending. And sometimes even the worst crooks are shown to have disarming weaknesses. Episodes in this set are: 1. Spring in Moominvalley 2. The magic Hat 3. The wreck 4. The desert island 5. The Hattifatteners 6. Thingumy and Bob 7. The suitcase 8. The Hobglobin 9. The invisible child 1 10. The invisible child 2 11. The wings 12. The pirates"

Pretty much, Moomin is an early 90's cartoon. While I'm unaware if it ever premiered in the United States, it was pretty popular around the 'ol Union, Asia, and other alien planets. I have been, over the past few months slowly ordering these DVD's all the way over from the motherland of the UK, slowly because:

1. I lack money
2. It takes a pretty long time to get those brits to toss a yank a dvd.

Please be aware that the quality on these things is as good as it's really gonna get. Maybe I'll do a re-release where I rip it with 100% quality with re-encoding but I think the file sizes would be too inconsistent among other things. I would like to add that, yes the DVD image quality is that crappy. And the audio quality on the DVD is just like it sounds on the rip.

Anyway, I'm doing this for you Moomin fans. I'd love a nice thank you in the comments. As well, I do plan to get the rest of the series over time. Hope you enjoy, and to anyone looking for a new cartoon series to sink your teeth into? Look here, this stuff is incredible.

Other seasons:
Season 3
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5143476/[Moomin_Master]_Moomin_Season_3