 http://thepiratebay.org/user/flitigalisa

Smokie is an English rock band from Bradford, Yorkshire who found success in Europe in the 1970s.
Originally called The Yen, then The Sphynx and later Essence, the band was formed in 1964 at St. Bede's Grammar School in Heaton, Bradford as The Yen. The Yen's first gig was at Birkenshaw School in February 1965. It was composed of Chris Norman (lead vocals/rhythm guitar/piano) (born Christopher Ward Norman, 25 October 1950, at 139 Laburnum Road, Redcar, North Yorkshire, England), Terry Uttley (bass/vocals) (born Terence David Uttley, 9 June 1951, at St Luke's Hospital, Bradford, West Yorkshire, England), Alan Silson (lead guitar/vocals) (born 21 June 1951, at St Luke's Hospital, Bradford, West Yorkshire, England) and Ron Kelly (drums) (born Ronald Bruce Kelly, 10 February 1950, at the Royal Hospital, Winchester, Hampshire, England). As Essence, they toured small clubs in Bradford and the surrounding communities before they split in 1966. The Black Cats were already a working band when Ron Kelly joined them at Dewsbury College. The Black Cats at this time were Peter Eastwood on guitar/vocals and Arthur Higgins on bass. Kelly replaced the drummer they had at the time. Alan Silson joined the band initially alongside Pete Eastwood but Eastwood soon left and was replaced by Chris Norman. In Nov 1967 the band changed their name to The Four Corners.
In April 1968, the group found a manager in Mark Jordan, who advised them to rename themselves The Elizabethans. The group now became fully professional, and the members garnered higher salaries. In June 1968 Terry Uttley joined the group. December saw the group having a first TV appearance on Yorkshire Television's news and magazine show Calendar. In August 1969, the four performed two songs for the BBC show High Jinx. Enthused with this successful performance Jordan had them record a first demo tape. In January 1970 RCA showed an interest in the band and suggested a name change to Kindness. A single was recorded, but due to a strike, the double A-side, "Light Of Love" / "Lindy Lou", was not released for a few months. 300 copies of that were sold and it was followed by a second single "Oh Julie" / "I Love You Carolina".
In late 1970, Dave Eager approached the group and offered to manage them. Subsequently, an arrangement was made with Rory Storm - formerly of the influential band and early Beatle contemporaries Rory Storm and the Hurricanes - the band to which Ringo Starr had originally belonged. Kindness backed Storm performing as 'Rory Storm and the Failures'. In late 1971, Norman suffered a serious infection which affected his vocal cords. After getting over the sickness his voice sounded much rougher, which the other group members considered an interesting addition to their sound. Eager introduced them to Decca, which resulted in recordings in February 1972 . Shortly thereafter their next single was released: "Let the Good Times Roll".

Please SEED and enjoy, thanks........!


