Artist: Stroke 9
Album: Rip It Off
Year: 2002
Label: Universal

Ripped with foobar2000 (v1.0.1) on 19/04/2010 as FLAC (q8) directly from retail CD. Replaygain also calculated with foobar2000.


Album Bio (from Wikipedia):
Rip It Off is the fifth album from San Francisco, California, USA, alternative rock band Stroke 9. It was released on October 1, 2002. The song "Kick Some Ass" appeared in the 2001 film Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back  and the music video for the song features the title characters Jay and Silent Bob attacking random fictional singers and rappers.


Band Bio (from Wikipedia):
Stroke 9 is an alternative rock band that was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989.

The band formed due to a "Rock Band" class at Marin Academy in San Rafael, just north of San Francisco. In 1990, as a project, students Luke Esterkyn, Greg Gueldner, Tom Haddad and Kirsten Stromberg went to Jim Reitzel's Right Sole Studio in Kentfield, California. They produced a demo containing five songs, including "Blindness", "Wild", and "Dream Song". After Spring that year, they took their final half-semester off during Senior Project to form the band Stroke 9 for full credit. They set up in Luke's basement and started writing songs for their next demo.

Stroke 9 had their first "official" live performance at Caffe Nuvo in San Anselmo. They split up for the summer and didn't get back together until the summer of 1991. However, Tom Haddad and Kirsten Stromberg had no desire to revive Stroke 9. Therefore, Luke and Greg recruited old schoolmates John McDermott and Stephen Heath. They moved from the basement to the garage, and played publicly anywhere that they could. The band put out two independent releases in 1993 and 1995. Eric Stock began filling in on drums in April of 1997; Eric was a New York transplant who had previously toured with Modern English.

After signing to Universal Records, the band released Nasty Little Thoughts in 1999, which charted in the US, yielded two rock radio hits, "Little Black Backpack" and "Letters", and was certified Gold by the RIAA on April 21, 2000[1]. The band appeared in the movie EdTV as part of the promotion of Nasty Little Thoughts.[2] A second album on Universal followed, entitled Rip It Off. The album's art cover was made to resemble a bootleg CD-R, similar to that of System of a Down's Steal This Album!, which was released about a year later. The album was not promoted heavily, and its lead single, "Kick Some Ass", was less successful at radio. "Kick Some Ass" also appeared in Kevin Smith's Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back during a montage of Jay & Silent Bob flying around the states to attack message board users who bashed them. Late in 2003, the band split with Universal and announced plans to release its next album, All In, independently.[3]