. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                       Jobless.2010.DOCU.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.03.20
              Genre...........: Documentary

       As the unemployment statistics start to climb once more, multi 
       BAFTA winning film-maker Brian Woods goes behind the numbers to 
       the people they represent, and presents his take on the recession.
       
       Filmed throughout 2009, and seen in part through the eyes of the 
       children, Jobless tells the interwoven stories of several families 
       across the length and breadth of Britain, as both husband and wife 
       cope with losing their jobs, in most cases for the first time in 
       their lives.
       
       Andy and Jackie both worked for a computer printer company in 
       Bracknell. Andy is confident he will soon find something, but as 
       the months pass, the strain starts to show on both adults and 
       children, including their 8-year-old daughter Hannah.
       
       In the North East of England, 9-year-old Leah sums up the world as 
       she see it; "I don't really understand why there isn't that much 
       money anymore, I only really understand that people are all losing 
       their jobs. Is that the recession?" As the pressures of 
       unemployment take their toll on her parents's relationship, and her 
       dad's temper, Leah observes "If I'm naughty then he gets more angry 
       with me that he usually would. But he's trying to keep himself 
       calm, and I think he's doing well. I just hope he gets a job."
       
       And in Enfield, Samantha, also nine, is missing her dad. Both her 
       parents lost their jobs of 20+ years when the car parts company 
       they worked for, originally part of Ford, filed for bankruptcy. But 
       rather than meekly walking away, Samantha's dad, along with several 
       hundred others, occupied the plant, demanding that Ford honour 
       their original severance terms.
       
       This gently-observed documentary takes us inside the experience of 
       losing the thing most of us use to define ourselves.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai