File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:03:50

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 4928 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.08 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Judge Jerrod & the Hung Jury is the third studio album by American country music singer Jerrod Niemann. It was released July 13, 2010 via Sea Gayle Music and Arista Nashville. It is his first major-label album, following two self-released albums and an unreleased compilation for Category 5 Records. The album contains Niemann's first Number One country single, "Lover, Lover." Another song on the album, "One More Drinkin' Song," was tested at radio before "Lover, Lover"'s release. The album's third single "What Do You Want" released to radio in September 27, 2010. It debuted at #49 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of October 4, 2010.

The album has received favorable reviews. Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the album four stars out of five, calling it "one of the most creative and fun albums to come out in 2010." Rating it three-and-a-half stars out of five, Jessica Phillips of Country Weekly said that it had "well-worn themes" in its songs, but that its sound was an "unpredictable mashup of styles." Rhapsody praised the album, calling it one of 2010’s most overlooked releases. Claiming that it disappeared beneath “the release-date-obsessed radar,” they deemed it one of the best albums released in the first half of the year. Writing for Allmusic, Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave it a mostly-positive review, praising the variety of sounds on the album but criticizing the presence of the comedy skits.

Jerrod Lee Niemann (born in Harper, Kansas) is an American country music artist. Active since 2001, he has recorded two independent albums. In 2006, he signed to Category 5 Records and charted with the single "I Love Women (My Momma Can't Stand)". He has also co-written three singles for Garth Brooks: the Chris LeDoux tribute "Good Ride Cowboy", as well as "That Girl Is a Cowboy" and "Midnight Sun". Jamey Johnson, Neal McCoy, Julie Roberts, Flynnville Train and Zona Jones have also recorded Niemann's songs.

In early 2010, Niemann signed to Arista Nashville's Sea Gayle division and released the single "Lover, Lover", a remake of Sonia Dada's 1992 debut album song "You Don't Treat Me No Good No More". It became his first Number One country hit in August 2010.

In May 2001, Niemann was contacted by Garth Brooks to collaborate along with fellow songwriter Richie Brown. Niemann went on to cowrite three singles for Garth Brooks: the Chris LeDoux tribute "Good Ride Cowboy", as well as "That Girl Is a Cowboy" and "Midnight Sun". "Good Ride Cowboy" also earned Niemann a Broadcast Music Incorporated award for being one of the most played country songs of 2005.

Other artists who have recorded Niemann's work include Jamey Johnson, Neal McCoy, Julie Roberts, John Anderson, Flynnville Train and Zona Jones. Niemann has signed publishing deals throughout his career with Marathon Key Music (a co-venture with Warner/Chappell Music) and Sea Gayle Music.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/