Hey guys,,this is one of my another uploads,,which I thought to share its in very good quality,,I hope you will enjoy it

Recorded 8/11/90 at The Ed Sullivan Theater - NYC

Original Premiere Date: September 20, 1990

Set List
1. Hangman Jury 	 
2. Monkey On My Back 	*
3. Love Me Two Times 	*
4. Seasons Of Wither 	*
5. Big Ten Inch Record 	 
6. One Way Street 	*
7. Smokestack Lightning 	*
8. Dream On 	 
9. Milk Cow Blues 	*
10. Toys In The Attic 	 
11. Walkin' The Dog 	 
12. Train Kept A Rollin' 	 
13. Last Child 	*
 * indicates songs not aired

MTV viewers get the rare opportunity to see legendary hard rockers Aerosmith perform acoustically on this special edition of "MTV Unplugged." Taped live at the historic Ed Sullivan Theatre in New York City in High Definition TV, band members Steven Tyler (vocals), Joe Perry (guitar), Tom Hamilton (bass), Joey Kramer (drums) and Brad Whitford (guitar) perform a rousing 30 minute acoustic medley of their hit songs past and present. Song selections include "Toys In The Attic," "Hang Man Jury," "Big 10 Inch," "Dream On," "Walkin' The Dog," and "Train Kept A Rollin'." "MTV Unplugged" with Aerosmith, with high definition imaging by Captain of America, marks the first airing of a high definition program on the network.

An excerpt from the MTV Unplugged book....."Despite the family entertainment angle, the boys were still boys. Aerosmith has never been a band to shy away from extreme, sometime slightly juvenile, sexual innuendo. But the painting of a topless woman on Joey Kramer's drum kit was a bit much for our television censors. We needed a solution and we needed it fast. Finally, in a flash of genius that was born of complete panic, we bought a set of pasties and attached them to the bass drum. Every time Joey hit his kit, the pasties would twirl. The band, of course, was more than a little pleased.

Please seed after you download it, and don't forget to leave your comments, that encourage me to upload more cool stuff.

Long live Rock n Roll......... m/
