Coast to Coast AM - 05-10-10 - Strange Phenomena in Pennsylvania

Date:
 05-10-10
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Stan Gordon, Captain Kelly Sweeney 
 


Paranormal researcher Stan Gordon, who has been investigating unusual phenomena in his home state of Pennsylvania for decades, talked about UFO cases, and cryptozoology, including sightings of Bigfoot, and mystery cats. In a 1974 case he recounted, a woman shot a 7 ft. tall hairy creature, and it disappeared immediately in a flash of light. A 1973 nighttime incident in Fayette County, PA involved two 7-8 ft. tall hairy bipedal creatures who were seen near a large spherical object. When shots were fired at the creatures, they moved away, and the object suddenly vanished, leaving behind a "self luminescent glowing" that was bright enough to read a newspaper, he shared. 

Gordon also described a 1968 UFO sighting in which a man witnessed a large, solid dome-shaped craft hovering about 50 ft. above a pond. The vehicle had a catwalk, and the man described seeing two small humanoid figures walking around on it. Interestingly, Gordon noted how some UFO reports are of very small spherical objects that could be probes. In a 1984 case, a brother and sister heard a tap on their living room window, and saw a bright red sphere, the size of a basketball, move across the window, then rise up over the homes in the neighborhood while giving off beams of light. 

He detailed reports of anomalous creature sightings such as the Black Panthers-- large black cats, thought to be extinct in Pennsylvania. Gordon also reviewed the famous Kecksburg Incident of 1965, in which the military descended on a small town shortly after an object fell from the sky (more below). 

Oil Spill Update
First hour guest, Capt. Kelly Sweeney discussed the latest news regarding the Gulf oil spill, including several alternatives BP is exploring to stop the massive leak. One plan calls for a "top hat" or containment dome to be placed over the spill, channeling the leaking oil through a pipe. 


Website(s):
•stangordon.info
•maritimeheadhunters.com
•professionalmariner.com
Book(s):
•Really Mysterious Pennsylvania
•From the Bridge: Authentic Modern Sea Stories