Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Leave It" is a song by Yes. It appears on their 1983 album, 90125. The song featured repeated single issues, most backed with remixes of the song or an a cappella version. The original version was occasionally placed as the B-side of "Owner of a Lonely Heart", and on another instance, the original version was found on a 12-inch single with another A-side track, "City of Love".

The song reached number 24 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 3 on the Top Album Rock Tracks chart.

90125 is the eleventh album by progressive rock group Yes, released in 1983. It was the first album since the breakup of Yes in 1980. It is also the first album to feature Trevor Rabin, and features the return of vocalist Jon Anderson, who quit the band in 1979. It also marked the first time in twelve years that original keyboardist Tony Kaye had appeared with the group. The album is notable for marking a radical shift in style, with Yes largely trading in their trademark symphonic progressive rock sound for contemporary, synthesized 1980s pop.

The title of the album refers to its original catalogue number (79-0125-4), not an American ZIP code (which is not in use).

Yes are an English progressive rock band formed in London in 1968, generally regarded as one of the archetypal bands of the genre. Despite many lineup changes, occasional splits within the group and the ever-changing trends in popular music, the band has continued on for over forty years and still retains a large following.

The band's music blends symphonic and other 'classical' structures with their own brand of rock music, which is marked by sharp dynamic contrasts, long songs, abstract lyrics, and an integrated showcasing of instrumental prowess. Although the band's sole consistent member has been bass player Chris Squire (noted for his highly melodic and discursive playing as well as his early use of electronic effects), Yes are also generally noted for the distinctive high-register vocals of lead singer Jon Anderson and the eclectic musical stylings of a succession of guitarists (Peter Banks, Steve Howe, Trevor Rabin, Billy Sherwood), keyboard players (Tony Kaye, Rick Wakeman, Patrick Moraz, Geoff Downes, Igor Khoroshev) and drummers (Bill Bruford and Alan White). Several band members became celebrated musicians and/or bandleaders in their own right, and a 1980 lineup of the band was briefly fronted by future production star Trevor Horn. They have sold over 30 million records in over 40 years of activity.

Long-term band members Squire, Howe and White have most recently been touring (on the In The Present Tour from late 2008 to early 2010) with a Yes lineup featuring vocalist Benoît David and keyboardist Oliver Wakeman.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

