

Martin Evening, "Adobe Photoshop CS4 for Photographers: A Professional Image Editor's Guide to the Creative use of Photoshop for the Macintosh and PC"
Focal Press | 2008 | ISBN: 0240521250 | 704 pages | PDF 

Martin Evening's Adobe Photoshop for Photographers titles have become classic reference sources for photographers at all skill levels. Whether you are an accomplished user or just starting out, the Adobe Photoshop CS4 for Photographers book contains a wealth of practical advice, hints and tips to help you achieve professional-looking results.

Adobe Photoshop CS4 for Photographers begins with an overview of the Photoshop interface and the fundamentals of how to use Photoshop, followed by how to configure and optimize your computer's performance to run the program and then it dives straight into the essentials of Camera Raw image editing. The Sharpening chapter shows how to use the Camera Raw controls to obtain optimum capture sharpening and noise reduction and the Essentials chapter outlines how to work with all the basic image adjustment tools that are in the program, some of which have been there since the very beginning.

Practical workshops show you how to master the essential techniques, such as color correction, retouching techniques, toning a black and white image, creating composite images and so on. Each technique is described in step-by-step detail, showing exactly which command to use, whether you are working with a Mac or PC computer.

The Help Guide contains a complete guide to all the tools and panels in Photoshop as well as other items in the program. It is like having an off-line manual with which to learn more about what each Photoshop tool and palette does. The guide also provides 120 minutes of movie tutorials on Photoshop CS4. If you are just beginning to work with digital images or are looking for new ideas, the best techniques and ways to improve the quality of your work, this is the book for you!

* Learn Photoshop the Martin Evening way! Get up to speed fast with the essential information you need to create superb images in Photoshop CS4.
* Contains over 750 professional, color images

Reviews

'When it's all said and done, tools-whether hardware or software-are just tools, and it's your ideas and images that matter. You'll find that Martin knows both sides of the equation and never lets the techniques distract from the vision. I think you'll find his perspective and experience invaluable.'
John Nack, Principal Product Manager, Adobe Photoshop
'Evening's Adobe Photoshop for Photographers titles have become classic reference sources, written to deal directly with the needs of photographers and filled with a wealth of practical advice, hints and tips to help you achieve professional results.'
Professional Photographer
'Richly illustrated with photos and screen grabs, this is an invaluable guide for anyone serious about Photoshop at a very reasonable price.'
What Digital Camera
'...the bible for digital photographers. Wonderfully illustrated and incredibly detailed to help you master all aspects of the program.'
ephotozine

Contents

Introduction
Chapter 1: Photoshop Fundamentals
Chapter 2: Configuring Photoshop
Chapter 3: Camera Raw Image Processing
Chapter 4: Sharpening and noise reduction
Chapter 5: Image Editing Essentials
Chapter 6: Black and white
Chapter 7: Extending the dynamic range
Chapter 8: Image Retouching
Chapter 9: Layers, Selections and Masking
Chapter 10: Essential filters for photo editing
Chapter 11: Image Management
Chapter 12: Color Management 
Chapter 13: Print Output
Chapter 14: Output for the Web
Chapter 15: Automating Photoshop

 