Tuesday, January 26, 2010
What does it say about our country when the price of being a really good president is not to get a second term? In an interview with Diane Sawyer, President Obama said “I’d rather be a really good one-term president than a mediocre two-term president.” Well right now the benchmark is a disastrous two-term president. Obama is certainly doing better than George Bush did, but you could say the same thing about Herbert Hoover—and he was only given four years to screw up. The problem with Obama being a really good one-term president is that if the next president is a Republican, they’ll just spend their whole term undoing all the really good things you did.

Republicans are going to do everything they can to make sure President Obama’s tenure is both one-term AND mediocre. In his SOTU address tomorrow night, President Obama will propose a three-year spending freeze. A spending freeze is the kind of thing you suggest to placate Republicans. The problem with is that nothing placates Republicans. During the campaign Obama said that a spending freeze was “using a hatchet where you need a scalpel.” I guess a year of dealing with Republicans really makes you want to pick up a hatchet. But a freeze on discretionary spending is exactly what John McCain proposed during the campaign. I hope Obama isn’t taking his cues from McCain’s ideas, or next he’s going to “bomb bomb bomb Iran.”

Something needs to be done to get things moving again. The Senate may use reconciliation to pass healthcare reform. Reconciliation would allow the Senate to pass a bill with a simple majority. But then in the Senate, nothing is ever simple. GOP Senator Judd Gregg said that if Democrats tried to use reconciliation, then Republicans “would make it an extraordinarily difficult exercise.” Of course they do that for the entire process of governing. Another tactic might be to end the filibuster rule in the Senate. Ending the filibuster would change the way the Senate does business—or the way the Senate doesn’t do business. Either way, Democrats are going to have to start producing—or President Obama won’t be the only one facing a rocky road to reelection.