All To iPad Converter is professional iPad video Converter which helps you convert almost all popular video formats to iPad and watch them wherever and whenever you want. All To iPad Converter is very easy to use without any special setting, only a few clicks complete the task of video conversion.
All To iPad Converter offers a powerful way to converting almost all popular video such as AVI, DivX, XviD, MPEG, MPG, MPE, M1V, M2V, DAT, WMV, ASF, RM, RMVB, OGM, MP4, FLV, 3GP, MKV, VOB ,MOV to iPad video format (MP4, H.264 AVC) .

All To iPad Converter provides you a wide variety of video editing functions such as video crop, movie trimming and video effect adjustment. It also lets you set encoding parameters including resolution, bit rate, frame rate, aspect ratio, brightness, contrast, saturation to get the best video quality. The interface of All To iPad Converter has been designed to be user-friendly and can be easily operated by anyone. All a user needs to do is click on the menu and all the options of the program are available to you. All conversions can be done easily and smoothly.

Features

Professional iPad Video Converter
Convert video to iPad
Convert all kinds of video formats, including MOV, M2TS, OGM, RMVB, RM, WMV, QT, FLV, MOD, TS, TP, Divx, AVI, WMV, ASF, VOB, MP4, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, FLV, SWF, MOV, 3GP, 3G2 etc. to iPad, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV and other portable video device, MP4 players.

High-Definition video converter
Served as a high-definition video converter, allows you to convert AVCHD (*.M2TS, *.MTS, *.TOD), HD MKV, HD H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, HD MPEG-2, HD MPEG Transport Stream (*.TS, *.TP, *.M2T) and other high-definition video formats.

Convert video to video or audio formats
Convert video including high definition video, and extract audio from video to audio formats.

Batch video adding and converting
Batch add video files in different folders easily with a folder selection dialog. Batch convert video files to output profile you specified and auto shutdown after encoding is also available.

Preview and Snapshot
Take snapshot from playing video and save as .PNG picture format, create your own picture collections from movies.

Powerful Video Editing functions and Settings
Trim movie length
Trim your favorite video segment by setting the Start time and End time to convert.

Crop video region
Crop frame size simply and fast to remove any unwanted area in the frame.

Adjust video effects
Want to make your movie special? Just adjust the frame brightness, saturation and contrast.

Aspect ratio
Fill the margin of the video with black(automatically by the converter or operate by yourself) or stretch aspect ratio of video pane. Support various output aspect ratios such as 16:9, 4:3, and full screen.

Customize Output Audio and Video Formats
After choosing output file formats, you can also choose audio quality, video quality and other file parameters before converting.

Easier operation and better quality
Easy-to-use
Just a few clicks to convert video.

Fast speed and high video quality
With professional video encoding and decoding technique, brings you the advanced and high speed converting process. 