Info copied from 
http://fanedit.org/519/


What is it about? Jailbird reduces the lame jokes and bad scenes from the original CON AIR to a minimum, making this finally a true action flick.


original film name: Con Air
film studio name: Touchstone
Date Original Film Was Released: 07 JUN 1997
Date Edit Was Released: 14 MAY 2006
Original Runtime: 115 min
New Runtime: 97 min
Amount of time Cut/Added: 18 min cut
Cuts removed/added/extended:

   1. removed intro letter sequence between Cameron and Tricia/Casey. This was the beginning of what made Con Air embarrassing. It was never working out and enduring a prison timelooking so stylish but lacking emotion. Some people think “Pearl Harbor” was the movie where Jerry Bruckheimer became totally superficial, but it was this one.
   2. removed the first appearance of Duncan Malloy in his sports car. Yes, movies need bad guys and corrupt DEA agents and stuff, but this scene was a bit over the edge. The sports car is kind of important later on, but only as a running gag. Our edition contains no gags.
   3. removed the guard examining Pinball and Cameron stepping out the bus. No hero appearances in slow motion, please … and no superficial jokes either (”you smell like someone’s been shitting in your mouth” “he said he loved me” …).
   4. removed Johnny 600. Over the top.
   5. removed “Sally” intro. Less jokes, more action.
   6. removed Pinball talking to the female worker. Less jokes, more action.
   7. removed Cyrus’ exploding cell. This was completely over the top.
   8. removed talk between Cameron and Diamond Dog. We love Ving, but he just smiles too much here for the kind of character he is playing.
   9. removed some Diamond Dogs scenes when he is down in the freight room with Cameron. Too many jokes.
  10. removed Diamond Dog wearing shades and “Sally” complaining about it. The scene was intended to give Billy Bedlam a reason to enter the freight room, but was unnecessarily funny.
  11. removed Cameron after killing Billy Bedlam saying: “Why didn’t you put the bunny back in the box?” less jokes, more action, please.
  12. removed Larkin opening the hatch on Lerner Airfield and dropping down. Over the top.
  13. removed the other pilot scene as he is running away from the convicts. Unnecessary.
  14. removed Sally picking a dress. Sally is meant to be funny and/or entertaining. But he is just another stupid gay joke. Not needed here.
  15. removed Duncan talking in the chopper about Larkin trying to save the rainforest. Asshole over the edge.
  16. removed another Duncan chopper scene (”you said 10 minutes 10 minutes ago”)
  17. removed Cameron running in slow motion with flying hair from the explosion. This shot must have been meant for Playgirl magazine.
  18. removed “Sally” talking to Cyrus about what he can do.
  19. heavily edited the helicopter chase scene. If army helicopters try to shoot down a plane they will succeed. And if people try to fight with guns out of a plane against choppers, they would not be able to stand, because of heavy vibrations and plane movement. Terrible scene.
  20. removed Cameron talking to Baby’o: “It is just like God does not exist. Where are you going?” “I am going to show you, God does exist.” This is one time to much being the hero and talking like him. No more please.
  21. removed “Sally” from being slapped by Cameron.
  22. removed “Sally” from being arrested.

DVD – Features:

   1. Language: English, German, Spanish, Russian
   2. Subtitles: English
   3. Trailer
   4. Trailershow
   5. comparison of 2 scenes before/after editing
   6. Animated menus
   7. Scene Selection Menus
   8. Cover and Disk Art in English, German and Russian
   9. presented in NTSC 16:9 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen
  10. ac-3 2 channel sound

Conceptual improvements/advancements of edit over original:

Without the million of funny and so very cool sayings Con Air becomes a true action movie, much more serious, much more focussed on action. Of course it is the same movie as before, but the missing parts make it possible to feel tension and thrill and to be not annoyed by the stupidity all the time. Jailbird is not THE action movie and it is not a movie with subtlety, but it is very entertaining.

Time needed for the edition
planning: 2 weeks
editing: 2 days
sound editing: 1 day
trailer: 1 day
DVD layout and features: 6 days
persons involved: 5