This is mostly music from the baroque era.
Don´t forget to seed. A comment? Oh, that would be nice.

Label: Erato, Catalog#: ECD 55015 AAD

1981  Maurice André Edition: Trumpet Voluntary
Composers; Purcell, Fischer, Krebs, Teleman, Handel, Bach


01  Purcell: Trumpet Voluntary - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra
02  Fisher: Concerto C major - Allegro moderato - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra
03  Fisher: Concerto C major - Adagio - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra
04  Fisher: Concerto C major - Rondeaux (Allegro moderato) - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra
05  Krebs: Fantasie F minor - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra
06  Purcell: Sonate D major I. Allegro - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
07  Purcell: Sonate D major II. Adagio - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
08  Purcell: Sonate D major III. Allegro - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
09  Telemann: Concerto D major I. Adagio - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
10  Telemann: Concerto D major II. Allegro - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
11  Telemann: Concerto D major III. Grave - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
12  Telemann: Concerto D major IV. Allegro - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
13  Handel: Concerto G minor I. Grave - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
14  Handel: Concerto G minor II. Allegro - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
15  Handel: Concerto G minor III. Sarabande - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
16  Handel: Concerto G minor IV. Allegro - Maurice André; Neville Marriner: Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
17  Bach: Concerto F major I. Allegro - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra
18  Bach: Concerto F major II. Siciliano - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra
19  Bach: Concerto F major III. Allegro - Maurice André; Jorg Faerber: Wurttemberg Chamber Orchestra


Maurice André
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Maurice André (born May 21, 1933) is a French trumpeter, active in the classical music field. He was born in Alès, France in the Cévennes into a mining family. His father was an amateur musician. He studied trumpet with a friend of his father's, who suggested that he be sent to the conservatory. In order to gain free admission to the conservatory, he joined a military band. After only six months at the conservatory, he won his first prize. At the conservatory, his professor, out of frustration beat him, and told him to return when he could excel in his playing. A few weeks later, and without a mistake, he played all fourteen etudes found in the back of the Arban's book.
André won the Geneva International Competition in 1955 and the Internationalen Wettbewerb in Munich in 1963.
He rose to international prominence in the 1960s and 1970s with a long series of recordings of Baroque works on piccolo trumpet for Erato and other labels. Not content to limit himself to the standard Baroque trumpet repertoire, he also performed many transcriptions of works for oboe, flute, and even voice and string instruments.
These recordings were (and remain) very popular, and were a strong component of the rebirth of interest in Baroque music in the 1960s. Fellow trumpeters and music lovers the world over have praised André for his clear, bright,
ringing tone on the piccolo trumpet.
His flawless and graceful performances have inspired many brass instrument musicians, young and old. (Wynto Marsalis, for example, was strongly influenced by André's style and tone in his own recordings of Baroque trumpet pieces).
He has over 300 audio recordings to his name, from the mid 1950s to the present.
He has two children: Nicolas, who plays trumpet; and Béatrice, who plays oboe. Both perform with their father in concert.
