Oswald & JFK Assassination

Date: 11-21-10
Host: George Knapp
Guests: Ed Haslam, Peter Gleick, Judyth Vary Baker, John Barbour


JFK assassination expert Ed Haslam recounted the story of Judyth Vary Baker, a once promising science student and cancer researcher, who became involved with Lee Harvey Oswald over the summer of 1963 in New Orleans. Baker had been recruited to work with Dr. Mary Sherman on developing a cancer cure but instead found herself helping to create a cancer bio-weapon that reportedly would be used to assassinate Fidel Castro. "They gave Judy a bodyguard...to take care of her," and that was the role of Lee Harvey Oswald; he was her handler in New Orleans and that is how they met, Haslam explained. The bio-weapon project involved David Ferrie (later implicated in the JFK assassination by Jim Garrison), and Baker said she got to know him as well while in New Orleans.

Appearing for a segment at the top of the third hour, Judyth Vary Baker described her love affair with Oswald and characterized him as a hero and a patriot who was set up to be a patsy for JFK's murder and subsequently unjustly demonized. By July, 1963, "Lee Oswald thought he was going to die because of his attempts to do what he could to penetrate a ring he believed was forming for this, first in New Orleans..and then in Texas. He was aware of what he was getting into and did it anyway," she said. Oswald went along with the plans in Texas because he was afraid the perpetrators were going to kill his family, Haslam suggested.

Appearing in a later segment John Barbour, the maker of the documentary The Garrison Tapes, talked about how attempts were made to discredit certain witnesses such as Judyth Baker. Oswald's shooter Jack Ruby died from cancer and according to Haslam he said he'd been injected with the biological weapon that Baker and Sherman developed, which reportedly killed subjects in 28 days.

Bottled vs. Tap Water

First hour guest author Peter Gleick talked about America's obsession with bottled water. There has been an intentional effort to make the public fear tap water, but in blind taste tests people actually can't taste the difference between bottled and tap water, he reported. Further, tap water quality is monitored by the EPA in a much more stringent process than the testing of bottled water, which is typically done by the companies themselves rather than by independent sources, he noted.

Website(s):
meandlee.com
doctormarysmonkey.com
pacinst.org