File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:38

[Video]
Resolution : 1280x720
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 24.00
BitRate : 1449 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.07 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps



This video has no logos or titles.


"Beautiful Dangerous" is the third track on the debut self titled solo album by former Guns N' Roses and current Velvet Revolver guitarist, Slash. It features Fergie of The Black Eyed Peas on vocals. During an interview, where Slash goes through each of his album tracks, he stated:
“ 	I got hip to Fergie being probably as good or better a rock singer than she is a pop singer. I heard her do Barracuda, the old Heart song, and I was like, fuckin’ wow!

I ended up doing a couple of shows with her where she sang Barracuda and Sweet Child O’ Mine. She’s one of the most phenomenal f***ing rock ‘n’ roll singers, male or female, I’ve ever heard.'
	”
Slash told The Sun: "The track began as a piece of music I'd written as a score for a strip bar scene and it made me think of [Fergie]. I'm a guy and there's nothing sexier than seeing a cute girl sing rock 'n' roll." 

Though not released as an official single, the song managed to peak at number 11 on the Heatseekers Songs chart and number 58 on the Canadian Hot 100.

On August 27, it was announced that Slash was filming a music video for the song. Slash stated that "[The] concept is twisted; Fergie's idea."

Slash is the eponymous debut solo album by former Guns N' Roses and current Velvet Revolver guitarist Slash. The album was produced by Eric Valentine and features multiple musicians including four of the five members of the Appetite for Destruction era Guns N' Roses lineup: Slash, Izzy Stradlin, Duff McKagan and Steven Adler. Vocalist Axl Rose is the only member of that lineup who does not perform on Slash.

Saul Hudson (born July 23, 1965), better known by his stage name Slash, is a British-American musician. He is the former lead guitarist of the American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he performed and recorded between 1985 and 1996. He later formed Slash's Snakepit and co-founded Velvet Revolver with his former bandmates Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum, and his debut solo album, Slash, was released in April 2010.

Slash has received critical recognition as a guitarist. In August 2009, Time Magazine ranked him #2 on its list of the "10 Best Electric Guitar Players of All-Time". He was also ranked #21 on Gigwise's list of the "50 Greatest Guitarists Ever".

Stacy Ann Ferguson (born March 27, 1975), better known by her stage name Fergie, is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, fashion designer and actress. She was a member of the children's television series Kids Incorporated, and the girl group Wild Orchid. She is the female vocalist for the hip hop group the The Black Eyed Peas with whom she has attained much charting success worldwide. Her own debut album spawned four Billboard Hot 100 top five singles, three of which went to number one.

Having left Wild Orchid in 2001, Ferguson joined The Black Eyed Peas. With The Black Eyed Peas, she enjoyed a series of hits and albums before releasing her debut album, The Dutchess, in September 2006 to similar success. Ferguson married actor Josh Duhamel in early 2009 after five years of dating. The Black Eyed Peas would enjoy further success with the release of their third album with Ferguson, they attained their first string of Billboard Hot 100 number one songs.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/