 Ashampoo® Cover Studio 2


Version 2.00, 2009/07/29





Now with LightScribe, New Themes and New Editor
Ashampoo Cover Studio was already the easiest way to label your discs and create slick case covers and booklets to go with them. Now version 2 makes a great product even better, adding LightScribe burner support, direct scan for copying CD labels and covers, a faster editor and many more powerful new features – all without making the program any more complicated to use.

You don’t even need to do any designing because Ashampoo Cover Studio 2 comes with even more ready-to-use themes. You just choose a theme, enter your text and print. It couldn’t be easier. Or you can create your own great designs and save them as templates that you can reuse just like the built-in themes.

If you’ve always wished you could produce discs with attractive labels then give Ashampoo Cover Studio 2 a try. If you can burn a disc you can create great labels and covers with Cover Studio. The program guides you through every step of the process and with the ready-to-use themes you just can’t go wrong.
New and improved features
LightScribe support
LightScribe burners label compatible disc media directly with the burner’s laser beam. You just turn the disc over in the drive and “print” your label by burning an image onto the special surface.
Copy CDs and covers with direct scan
Import images directly into the editor from your scanner. This makes it amazingly easy to produce a quick copy of an existing disc label or cover. You can also use images directly from the Internet, from files or from the Windows clipboard.
Create your own templates
Like themes, templates are designs for labels and covers that you just select and use for instant results. Now you can also save your own designs as templates that you can then reuse quickly and easily.
Once-only printer calibration
You can “calibrate” your printout for your printer to align everything perfectly with your labels and other media. Ashampoo Cover Studio 2 automatically saves and reuses your calibration settings for every printer, paper format and paper orientation (portrait/landscape) you use. Just calibrate once, then forget about it.
New editor with new features and objects
Ashampoo Cover Studio 2 comes with a new editor that’s much faster and adds many new features, including:

    * New geometric shapes with colors, gradients and transparency settings (rectangles, rounded rectangles, circles, stars, trapezoids, parallelograms, triangles)
    * Free rotation of text and objects: In addition to 45° increments you can now rotate text and objects freely to any position by dragging with the mouse
    * Group objects in the editor and manipulate them as a group
    * Auto-scroll controls: When you are dragging an object “auto-scroll” areas at the borders of the window automatically scroll the main image
    * Undo function in the table editor: Makes working with track list and data tables much easier

New themes, printers and paper formats
The new version comes with even more themes (ready-to-use designs) and the database of supported printer and paper and label formats has also been updated.
Other new features and improvements
Artist name now included in the contents table, printing improved for high resolution printers, export projects as XML files. You can now print up to 4 labels on a single page instead of 2 (for example 4 CDs).
Basic features and functions
Supports all standard disc, case and booklet and label formats
You can design and print printable discs (DVD, CD, Blu-ray), jewel cases, slim cases, Blu-ray cases and booklets.
Use modern direct-to-disc printers and LightScribe burners
Printing directly onto printable discs means no messy label alignment with special tools. If you have a LightScribe burner you can “print” your design on the disc directly with the burner’s laser or you use modern direct-to-disc printers that print color images directly onto disc media with a special printable surface.
Import your track data from your discs
Reads the track data from your discs directly into pre-formatted tables in your design. Gets the artist and track data online in seconds.
Point-and-click design with themes
For fast results just enter or import your title and track data, select a theme and print. That’s all there is to it and the program comes with a set of great-looking themes.
Powerful and intuitive design tools
If you’re feeling creative you can also create your own designs from scratch. Choose and use your own backgrounds, graphics and fonts, insert geometric shapes, create curved text and add data and contents tables.



#  Operating Systems:
Windows XP Windows Vista 32 Windows Vista 64 
