Cajun Dance Party - The Colourful Life - Flac - Abrasax

CDrip:
Cajun Dance Party  - The Colourful Life
RELEASED: 2008
LABEL: XL Recordings
FORMAT: CD
PRODUCER: Bernard Butler
BITRATE: Flac

Tracks:

01. Colourful Life
02. The Race
03. Time Falls
04. The Next Untouchable
05. No Joanna
06. Amylase
07. The Firework
08. Buttercups
09. The Hill, The View & The Lights

Cajun Dance Party are a 5-piece band based in London, England. They consist of Daniel Blumberg, Robbie Stern, Max Bloom, Will Vignoles, and Vicky Freund.

The band came into being when guitarist Robbie Stern invited Daniel Blumberg (vocals), Max Bloom (bass guitar), William Vignoles (drums) and Vicky Freund (keys) to start playing together, originally to participate in their school 'battle of the bands' in 2005. In their first few band practices, the 15 year olds began working on their first four songs, 'The Next Untouchable', 'Colourful Life', 'Amylase' and 'Buttercups', which were recorded as demos and submitted to their myspace site shortly after. The band played their first few shows at the West London all ages club night 'Way Out West', performing in the bar beneath Brentford FC football stadium. Way Out West was well known for putting on many up and coming bands such as Jamie T, Late of the Pier, Video Nasties, and Laura Marling. The organizer of the event, Keith Anderson, began to manage the band shortly after. Their first single, 'The Next Untouchable', was released on Anderson's record label as a limited edition 7" single, with 500 copies being put into production. 

Cajun Dance Party's debut album was entitled The Colourful Life, and was released in April 2008. The band recorded the album sessions with Bernard Butler at the recording studio, West Heath Yard, owned by Edwyn Collins. 'West Heath Yard' was also a music industry spoof which aired for a short while on channel 4 in 1999, The album consisted of 9 tracks, with singles from the album including 'Colourful Life', 'The Race', and 'Amylase'. The album was given 4/5 in the Guardian.
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Abrasax/