Universal Maps Downloader v5.0 (C) SoftOnPc

Disks: 1 x 2,88mb Date: September 01, 2009
OS: Windows Type: Keygen

Release Description:

Universal Maps Downloader is a tool that help you to get small tile
images from Google Maps, Yahoo maps, MicroSoft Virtual Earth maps
OpenStreet Maps. All downloaded small images are saved on the disk. You
can view downloaded maps by Maps Viewer Or you can combine them into a
big BMP map by Maps Combiner

How to download?

1, Enter a task name, such like "Mytask.umd". All task files are saved as *.umd.
If you want to continue a old task, click button "Open task... ".

2, Select Maps type. There are 9 types of maps, see the followed picture:



3, Drag the trackbar to define the zoom level. The zoom level defines the image precision. For trial version, you can not download high precision images. For trial version, the max zoom level is 12.

4, There are 4 parameters (Left Longitude, Right Longitude, Top Latitude, Bottom Latitude) to define the area scope of images that you want to download.

Left Longitude: -180<value<180, for East, the value is positive, for West, the value is negative.
Right Longitude:-180<value<180, for East, the value is positive, for West, the value is negative.
Top Latitude:-90<value<90,for North, the value is positive, for South, the value is negative.
Bottom Latitude:-90<value<90,for North, the value is positive, for South, the value is negative.

For longitude and latitude, the input measurement is degree. You can convert the measurement of "Degrees, Minutes,Seconds" to "Degrees" by click menu "Tools->Convert 'Degrees,Minutes,Seconds' to 'Degrees'...".

5, Select a path to save the project and downloaded images

6, Define how many threads you want to start to download at the same time. The max threads number is 8.

7, Then click button "Start", OK, start downloading now ... !

When downloading, the log window will display the downloading process. When finished, When finished, the log will be saved to a file.


Installation:
"""""""""""""""
Just install. Use included keygen to make valid unlock code(s)