Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Careful" is a song by the American Alternative rock band Paramore. The song charted on the Billboard Hot 100 the week Brand New Eyes  was released before it was announced as a single. It charted due to digital downloads. It is the fourth single from their third studio album, Brand New Eyes. Several radio websites announced this as an upcoming UK single.

It was announced on the official Paramore fanclub that a video containing live footage of the song would be released on June 8, 2010. The video was shot and edited by Brandon Chesbro, who also directed the video for the band's previous single "The Only Exception". The video was released via Fueled by Ramen'saccount. It contains performances of the song in many concerts throughout 2009 and includes clips from their Brisbane  Soundwave Tour and also at their one-off performance at Festival Hall in Melbourne, Australia. The clip also contains footage from their 2010 Spring Tour as well as their 2009 Fall Tour. It also shows clips of the band off stage. The music video is also the third of Paramore's videos to be a compilation of performances from various concerts, the first two being "All We Know" from All We Know Is Falling and "Hallelujah" from Riot!.

Brand New Eyes (stylized as brand new eyes) is the third album by American Alternative rock band Paramore, released September 29, 2009 through Fueled by Ramen in the United States and Canada.

The album was produced by Rob Cavallo and recorded in Hidden Hills, California from January to March, 2009. It topped the charts in many countries across the world including Australia, New Zealand, Ireland and the United Kingdom, making it the band's most successful album to date. The album was certified gold by the RIAA on January 19, 2010 for shipments in excess of 500,000 albums.
Brand New Eyes won the best album award at the The Kerrang Awards co-hosted by Corey Taylor of Slipknot/Stone Sour and Scott Ian of Anthrax where users were allowed to voted unlimited times for their desired choice. 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/