[37 tracks from 37 artists spanning a wide range of genres and original release dates. Certainty in you finding new music that you will love; I guarantee it.]

I once found an archive of tracks that someone had uploaded to 
with the self-assured title of "Seriously Cool Driving Music."

Upon further review, I found it to be a mere scraping of top 40 
tracks from the 21st century, sprinkled with a few 
one-hit wonders with laughable replay value. To state my 
disappointment succinctly, let me just tell you that 
one of the tracks was "Hey There Delilah" by the Plain White T's.

The silver lining to this seemingly wasted bandwidth was that it inspired 
me to take a crack at making a similar mixtape with the same goal; 
the main difference being that mine would actually succeed.
My years of interest in music caused me to find many tracks 
that I am fond of having as driving companions. 
Contemplative lyrics, melodic vocals and jamming tunes 
that make me feel like dancing in my seat. I can't describe
my taste in music as certain genres because I've found 
beautifully organized noise in all of them.
The kind of music I like is "good music."

Short enough to fit onto two CD-Rs (separated by folder), this archive includes 
such tracks. One CD is designated for daytime driving 
and the other for nighttime driving, though you'll experience enjoyment
in either without regard to if the Sun is out.

[Enjoy.]
HeyMrDJ

Full list of included tracks:

HeyMrDJ's Daytime Driving

1 - Bill Withers - Ain't No Sunshine
2 - The Black Keys - All Hands Against His Own
3 - The Rolling Stones - As Tears Go By
4 - Max Romeo & the Upsetters - Chase the Devil
5 - Jamiroquai - Corner of the Earth
6 - Elton John - Crocodile Rock
7 - At the Drive-In - Enfilade
8 - Fleetwood Mac - Go Your Own Way
9 - Foreigner - Juke Box Hero
10 - The Darkness - Love Is Only a Feeling
11 - Stereophonics - Maybe Tomorrow
12 - Ray Charles - Mess Around
13 - Ratatat - Pico
14 - Boney M - Rasputine
15 - Scorpions - Rock You Like a Hurricane
16 - Mark Ronson - Stop Me
17 - The Hold Steady - Stuck Between Stations
18 - Bloodhound Gang - Uhn Tiss Uhn Tiss Uhn Tiss
19 - Men At Work - Who Can It Be Now
20 - Bob Sinclar - World, Hold On (Children of the Sky) [Radio Edit]

HeyMrDJ's Nighttime Driving

1 - C-Mos - 2 Million Ways
2 - Nelly Furtado - All Good Things (Come to an End)
3 - Kasabian - Club Foot
4 - Neil Young - Don't Let it Bring You Down
5 - Alan Parsons Project - Don't Let It Show
6 - Gabrielle - Forget About the World [Daft Punk Remix]
7 - The Beatles - Golden Slumbers
8 - Thin Lizzy - Jailbreak
9 - Arcade Fire - My Body Is a Cage
10 - Clipse - Nightmares ft. Bilal, Pharrell Williams
11 - Solomon Burke - None of Us Are Free
12 - Curtis Mayfield - Pusherman
13 - Those Poor Bastards - Sick & Alone
14 - Tech N9ne - T9X
15 - The Mars Volta - Televators
16 - Van Morrison - Wild Night
17 - Rod Stewart - Young Turks

If you find any discrepancies in my tagging of these tracks in comparison 
to the most proper way to tag .mp3 files, please let me know for 
the betterment of my future tagging. I would really appreciate it.