Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"One Night Only" is a song from the 1981 Broadway musical Dreamgirls, with lyrics by Tom Eyen and music by Henry Krieger. In the context of the musical, "One Night Only" is performed twice in succession, as differing versions of the song - a soul ballad by the character Effie White and a disco version by her former bandmates Deena Jones & the Dreams - compete on the radio and the pop charts.

Both versions of "One Night Only" appear as one track on the original 1982 Dreamgirls Broadway cast album, performed by Jennifer Holliday as Effie and Sheryl Lee Ralph, Loretta Devine, and Deborah Burrell as Deena Jones & the Dreams. "One Night Only" was later covered on album by Elaine Paige and Sylvester. Actor Hugh Jackman performed the song while hosting the 2004 Tony Awards ceremony, in a large production number featuring girl groups from the musicals Caroline, or Change, Hairspray, and Little Shop of Horrors.

Dreamgirls was adapted by writer/director Bill Condon into a motion picture for DreamWorks SKG and Paramount in 2006. For this version, the two versions of "One Night Only" were performed by Jennifer Hudson as Effie and Beyoncé Knowles, Anika Noni Rose, and Sharon Leal as Deena Jones & the Dreams. R&B production team The Underdogs served as the producers of "One Night Only" and the other songs from the film's score. A club remix of Deena's version of the song, produced by Eric Kupper & Richie Jones, was issued by Music World Entertainment and Columbia Records as a promo single for the Dreamgirls film soundtrack in August 2006, four months before the release of the film. The song was also sampled by Lil Wayne for his version of "One Night Only". The dance crew Breaksk8 danced to this song on America's Best Dance Crew as a part of their Broadway Challenge.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

