Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Hanoi Rocks was a Finnish rock band formed in 1979, whose most successful period came in the early 1980s. The band broke up in 1985 largely due to the death of their drummer, Nicholas 'Razzle' Dingley. The vocalist Michael Monroe and guitarist Andy McCoy from the original line-up came back together in 2002 and played under the Hanoi Rocks name until 2009.

Two Steps From The Move is the fourth studio album by the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks, released in 1984. It was produced by Bob Ezrin. The album was their first major label release and reached #28 on the UK album chart. The album was their last before the disbanding after drummer Razzle's death in a car accident on December 8, 1984.

Ezrin wanted the album to have a heavier atmosphere and darker guitar playing than the band's previous efforts, still keeping it melodic and punky.

The line "Welcome to the Jungle" featured in the song "Underwater World" arguably inspired the long time Hanoi Rocks admirer Axl Rose to write the eponymous song for Guns N' Roses, due to its similar tone and similar use of fifths (power chords). 

The cover of "Up Around the Bend" was the group's biggest international hit.

While touring to promote the album, Hanoi Rocks rose to fame in Japan and had two sold-out concerts in New York City. Following drummer Razzle's death, the group cancelled their concert dates and eventually broke up, while on the verge of an international breakthrough.

Two Steps from the Move is often considered as a glam rock/hard rock classic.

Musically the band is influenced by artists such as the New York Dolls, The Stooges and The Rolling Stones. Their music fuses elements of blues, punk, garage rock, glam rock as well as the original rock 'n' roll of Chuck Berry and Little Richard. Lyrical themes revolve around the topics of love and its trials and tribulations, and suburban alienation. Rolling Stone has called the band, "the missing link between punk and glitter".

The group is often mistaken as glam metal, largely due to their image, which many of the American acts in the 1980s would imitate. Musically however, Hanoi Rocks are not part of that movement nor were they influenced by heavy metal.

Hanoi Rocks is cited as one of the most influential glam metal bands of all time in Metal: A Headbanger's Journey document movie.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

