Batman Arkham Asylum Crack Only-RELOADED 


In Batman:Arkham Asylum, the Dark Knight takes on his greatest challenge
yet when he becomes trapped with all of his most dangerous villains inside
the insane asylum of GOTHAM CITY - ARKHAM ASYLUM!

Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes players to a unique, dark and atmospheric
adventure that takes them to the depths of Arkham Asylum l(Gothaml's
psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane. Gamers will move in the
shadows, instigate fear amongst their enemies and confront The Joker and
Gotham Cityl's most notorious villains who have taken over the asylum. Using
a wide range of Batmanl's gadgets and abilities, players will become the
invisible predator and attempt to foil The Jokerl's demented scheme.

Batman: Arkham Asylum features an original story penned exclusively for the
game by famous Batman author and five-time Emmy award winner, Paul Dini,
whose credits include Lost season one and Batman: The Animated Series.
With amazing graphics and a moody, immersive setting, Batman: Arkham Asylum
offers diverse gameplay options that push the envelope for all action,
adventure and superhero games.


Features

* Utilize the unique FreeFlow╓ combat system to chain together unlimited
  combos seamlessly and battle with huge groups of The Joker's henchmen in
  brutal melee brawls.

* Investigate as Batman, the WORLD'S GREATEST DETECTIVE, by solving
  intricate puzzles with the help of cutting edge forensic tools including
  x-ray scanning, fingerprint scans, 'Amido Black' spray and a pheromone
  tracker.

* Face off against Gotham's greatest villains including The Joker,
  HARLEY QUINN, VICTOR ZSASZ and KILLER CROC.

* Become the Invisible Predator╓ with Batman's fear takedowns and unique
  vantage point system to move without being seen and hunt enemies.

* Choose multiple takedown methods, including swooping from the sky and
  smashing through walls, and use the predator camera get a closer look at
  the action.

* Explore every inch of ARKHAM ASYLUM╓ and roam freely on the infamous
  island, presented for the first time ever in its gritty and realistic
  entirety.

* Experience what it's like to be BATMAN using BATARANGS╓, explosive gel
  aerosol, The BATCLAW╓, sonar resonator and the line launcher.

* Unlock more secrets by completing hidden challenges in the world and
  develop and customize equipment by earning experience points.

* Move through the environment with the use of Batman's grapnel gun to get
  to out-of-reach places, and jump from any height to glide in any direction.
