Description

Release Name----- Anne.of.Green.Gables.A.New.Beginning.HDTV.XviD-2HD
Release Date----- 12/15/2008
Release Size----- 1400Mb - CD1-699mb  CD2-700mb
Source----------- HDTV
Play Time-------- 02:19:11
Resolution------- 624x352
Frame Rate------- 23.98
Video Bitrate---- 1225kbps
Video Codec------ XVID
Audio ----------- 48000 Hz 2ch, 131kbps
Audio Codec------ MP3

Anne Shirley is one of the world's most heartwarming iconic characters - but
what happened before her surprising arrival at Green Gables in Prince Edward
Island? This expansive new movie, which is both a prequel and a sequel to the
original films, answers that question.

Audiences will learn about the foundations of Anne's childhood that shaped her
life and haunted her in later years: the origins of her carpet bag; the source
of her expression, "kindred spirits"; the development of her intense
imagination as a means of survival; and most profoundly, many of the
relationships with adults and peers that structured her character so
distinctively, prior to her arrival at Green Gables.

"Based on details from Lucy Maud Montgomery's own diary and descriptions from
the original novel, Kevin Sullivan has fashioned a moving and complex glimpse
into the circumstances that created one of the most beloved fictional
characters of our time," said Susanne Boyce, President, Creative, Content and
Channels, CTV Inc.

"I wanted to create a film that would offer a rare insight into Anne Shirley's
personality," said Kevin Sullivan, President, Sullivan Entertainment. "I tried
to imagine what Anne would have become if she had grown up to be an author like
Montgomery herself; a gifted storyteller who was haunted by her childhood her
whole life."

Produced, written and directed by Sullivan, Anne of Green Gables: A New Beginning
is set as the Second World War is winding down. Anne Shirley (played by Barbara
Hershey, Beaches, Portrait of a Lady) is now a successful, middle-aged writer who
has returned to Prince Edward Island for an extended visit. While writing a play
for the summer theatre season, she discovers a long-hidden secret under the
floorboards at Green Gables.

As Anne struggles to complete her play, she delves into long-buried and long-
forgotten memories, reliving her troubled years before she arrived as an orphan
at the Cuthbert farmhouse. Over the course of one remarkable summer, Anne
discovers the truth about her parents, the origins of her quest for "kindred
spirits" and the genesis of her brilliant, magical imagination.

As the movie flows between present-day discoveries and past memories, Hannah
Endicott-Douglas (THE GOOD WITCH, SAMANTHA: AN AMERICAN GIRL HOLIDAY) portrays
the young Anne Shirley alongside Rachel Blanchard (Where the Truth Lies,
7TH HEAVEN, CLUELESS) as Louisa Thomas, Shirley MacLaine (In Her Shoes, Terms of
Endearment, Bewitched) as Amelia Thomas, and Ron Lea (RACE TO MARS, THIS IS
WONDERLAND) as Gene Armstrong.

Casting for the young Anne Shirley involved an expansive search to find an actress
who could play the role made famous by Megan Follows. The quest for the ideal actress
involved a cross-Canada audition tour and an open casting call onMore than
1,000 young girls from Canada, the United States, England and Australia auditioned
for the coveted role in the film. After three months of searching, 12-year-old Hannah
Endicott-Douglas from Toronto was chosen to carry on the legacy of Anne Shirley.

Filmed in studio in Toronto, ON and on location in Dundas, ON, and Rockwood, ON,
Anne of Green Gables: A New Beginning recreates, with vivid detail, the setting for
Anne Shirley's tumultuous childhood. The production crew and special effects team were
able to re-construct a number of locations made famous in the previous films, including
some of the more well-known locations from the original Anne of Green Gables trilogy. 