Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Make Me" is a song by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It is the lead single and final track from her second greatest hits compilation Number Ones (2009). The song was written by Jackson, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, Bernard Edwards, Nile Rodgers, Thomas Lumpkins, and Michaela Shiloh. Initially presented as an audio stream to those who joined her web site's official mailing list in September, 2009, it was released via digital download later that month.

It features an up-tempo disco beat and lyrical hook reminiscent of her material from the 1980s. The song has received critical praise, with commentators comparing the song favorably to her Billboard Hot 100 number one hit "All for You" (2001) and her brother Michael Jackson's 1979 number one single "Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough"—both of which carry a distinct disco beat. It became her nineteenth number one hit single on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart.

The song's music video, directed by Robert Hales, premiered on 20/20 in November, 2009. Shot entirely in black and white, it received positive critical reception for its vintage aesthetic.

A music video for the song was directed by Robert Hales. It premiered on 20/20 on November 20, 2009. Nick Levine from Digital Spy commented: "There's lots of dancing, Janet looks fantastic and the whole thing's as slick as a classic Jam & Lewis groove. In short? A thoroughly enjoyable way to spend the next three-and-a-half-minutes. Right, back to 'Escapade' for us". Jefferson Reid and Lindsay Miller of E! Online stated the video "features a vintage Janet vibe, including space-age shoulder pads and countless hat-tips to brother Michael."

On September 13, 2009, Jackson performed the 1995 song "Scream" at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards as part of a tribute to her brother, Michael Jackson, who died on June 25, 2009. Following the awards show, "Make Me" was released on Jackson's official website as an audio stream for those who joined the site's e-mail newsletter. On September 22, 2009 it was released as a digital download for purchase. Although claims were made that "Make Me" is a tribute song to Michael's 1979 single "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough", Jackson later stated in an interview with Ryan Seacrest it is not, despite the similarity of the lyrics in the song's outro.

"Make Me" was written by Janet Jackson, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, Bernard Edwards, Nile Rodgers, Thomas Lumpkins, and Michaela Shiloh; it samples Fonzi Thornton's CHIC-produced recording of "I Work For A Livin'", made for the 1982 Soup For One motion picture soundtrack. Darkchild, who produced music from Jackson's tenth studio album Discipline (2008), co-produced the song with her. He reported to MTV that he had been working on new material with Jackson since her departure from Island Records in September, 2008. Of the new material, he commented: "It's about dancing ... It's all about her. It's about [saying], 'Listen, if you really want to get with me, you gotta make me feel a certain way' ... We're going back to basics and fundamental sounds of Janet. We're trying to target her fans [by making] the records that her fans will embrace." In October, 2009, Universal Music Enterprises (UMe) issued a press release stating "Make Me" would be included in Jackson's second greatest hits album, Number Ones, a compilation of her 33 global number one singles.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

