..:: P.R.O.U.D.L.Y...P.R.E.S.E.N.T.S ::..               
                                                                         
                      YL Computing WinUtilities v9.31                    
                                                                         
                                                                         
      SUPPLiER..: TEAM ROGUE        REL-DATE....: 12/12/2009             
                                                                         
      CRACKER...: TEAM ROGUE        TYPE........: Keygen Only            
                                                                       
     SiZE......: 01x5.00MB         PROTECTiON..: Custom                
                                                                       
     URL.......: http://www.ylcomputing.com/                           
                                                                     
                                                                    
                                               
                                 
                              
                             
                                                                     
                                                                     
         WinUtilities all in one cleaners and  optimizers suite is   
         an   award winning  collection of  tools to optimize  and   
         speedup  your  system  performance. WinUtilities contains   
         utilities to  clean  registry,  temporary  files on  your   
         disks,   erase   your application and  internet   browser   
         history, cache, cookies and more. You can control startup   
         programs   that  load  automatically  with  windows, find   
         duplicate  files,  fix  broken  shortcuts  and  uninstall   
         software. Other  features   include secure file deletion,   
         shred recycle bin, privacy protector and more.              
         WinUtilities  can  make  your  Windows  operating  system   
         faster, more comfortable  and more secure with just a few   
         mouse   clicks.   And   all  configuration  changes   are   
         completely safe,  because  all  changes  are monitored by   
         WinUtilities RescueCenter and can be undone at any time.    
         All  our  utilities   modules can  be accessed  through a   
         common interface that is divided into six categories. The   
         following is a list of all categories and modules.          
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
         Installation:                                               
                                                                     
         Use our keygen to get valid serial.                         
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                         
                             
                       
                        
                                                                     
          We are the unfaithful ones, the aggressive ones, the       
          ones you don't want to trust - we are ROGUE!               
                                                                     
          We are looking for:                                        
          * Experienced keygenners...                                
          * Experienced unpackers...                                 
          * Experienced suppliers...                                 
                                                                     
          We are not looking for:                                    
          * New sites...                                             
          * YOU!                                                     
                                                                   
         Contact us at:                                            
           ...find us!                                             
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                         
                                
                     
                        
                                                                     
          Greetings go out to...                                     
                                                                   
         ...to all of our friends out there!                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                 
                                                                
                                           
                               
                              
      ASCII               X/BbH
                          
                T.E.A.M...R.O.G.U.E...2.0.0.9