Thanks a million to the person who kindly donated this mp3 file and allowed me to upload it! All the credits go to her. 

Remember that this is a VERY rare recording and it's almost impossible to get anywhere so please keep seeding!

--------

Although space is a virtual vacuum, this does not mean there is no sound in space. Sound does exist as electromagnetic vibrations. The specially designed instruments on board the various space probes used Plasma Wave antenna to record the vibrations used here, all within the range of human hearing (20-20,000 CPS)

Each planet, moon and ring system has a distinctive "musical" pattern. Listening to this unusual recording has a mysteriously relaxing effect. After a long hard day, you can bring your brainwaves into a slower and meditative state.

In 1989, Dr. Jeffrey D. Thompson, D.C., B.F.A. was approached by representatives working with NASA and JPL to explore a series of powerful recordings which the Voyager I & II Spacecraft had sent back from Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. These recordings seemed to be having a profound effect on the scientists and researchers who were exposed to them. Dr. Thompson was approached as an expert in the field of sound and healing, and especially in his work with "Primordial Sounds.” Primordial sounds are human body sounds and nature sounds formatted in special ways to cause a deep response in the subconscious mind. These are extremely useful in all levels of healing. Could the space sounds actually be Primordial Sounds, also – from outer space but strangely familiar to us?

The sounds from Jupiter are extra-ordinarily beautiful. At times the recording sounds like a giant meditation gong, at other times like the sound of a beacon at the edge of the universe. Let the sounds from the largest planet of the solar system be a wake-up call to your unconscious mind.

Jupiter, the fifth planet from the sun, is the largest and most massive planet in the solar system. In mass alone, it is three hundred times the mass of the Earth. Jupiter is mostly composed of hydrogen and helium. The entire planet is made of gas, with no solid surface under the atmosphere. The pressures and temperatures deep in Jupiter are so high, that gases form a gradual transition into liquids which are gradually compressed into a metallic "plasma" in which the molecules have been stripped of their outer electrons. The winds of Jupiter are a thousand meters per second relative to the rotating interior. Jupiter's magnetic field is four thousand times stronger than Earth's and is tipped 11° of axis spin. This causes the magnetic field to wobble, which has a profound effect on trapped electronically charged particles. The plasma of charged particles is accelerated beyond the magnetosphere of Jupiter to speeds
of tens of thousands of kilometers per second. It is these magnetic particle vibrations that generate some of the sounds you hear on this recording.

Data from the Pioneer 10 and 11 spacecraft suggested that a ring system around the giant planet Jupiter existed; this was confirmed by the Voyager flybys. This image you see here was taken by Voyager 2. Jupiter's rings are very bright because they are composed of fine dust, which scatters light efficiently. The main ring is 700 km (4350 mi) wide, with a broad, thick "halo" inside it.