The debut album by Boston riot folk band The Swaggerin' Growlers. This album is now sold out and available for free download here, uploaded by the band. 

The Swaggerin' Growlers are a riot folk band based in Boston, MA. Infusing the spirit and steadfast tradition of Irish session players with the fire, intensity and heart of Boston Punk and Hardcore, the infectious groove of ska and swing, and tempering it all with the earnestness and soul of American Folk, TSG have created an unforgettable musical juggernaut. Often compared to the Pogues, Mischief Brew, Flogging Molly, and The Dropkick Murphys but creating a sound all their own, they strike to the heart of the New England music scene with an unparalleled fury.

Since their start four and a half years ago, TSG have gigged relentlessly over the US and beyond, racking up 250+ shows in front of everyone from little kids and their grandparents to hordes of street punks. Regardless of who is in the crowd, the bands' reception is always incredibly enthusiastic, verging on an indoor riot. TSG's undeniably high energy brand of folk punk takes the crowd from pulse pounding, blast beat punk to heartfelt down-tempo anthems and fight songs and back again, with everyone singing along at the top of their lungs. On March 3rd, 2007, TSG released their highly anticipated debut album, "The Bottle and the Bow" to a packed crown in Boston, MA. The album received high praises from critics far and wide, earning them not only stellar reviews, but a nomination onto WBZ-TV's A-List: Best of Boston as well as being featured in multiple "Best Albums of 2007" lists. TSG's sophomore effort, "Keep Your Head Held High," was released on March 17th, 2009, to a near sold-out crowd. Hot on the heels of their new album, TSG spent two months on the road supporting Keep Your Head Held High (KYHHH) across the US, earning them a nomination for Best Punk act in The Boston Phoenix's best music poll.

It's been a great year so far and if both reviews and crowd response are any indication, the next year will see TSG continuing their blitz not only of the U.S., but the rest of the world.

Notable events include:

Sharing the stage with a wide range of internationally recognized recording artists, including the Aggrolites (Hellcat), World/Inferno Friendship Society (Chunksaah), Everybody Out! (Taang), The Briggs (Sideone Dummy), Bomb The Music Industry (Asian Man), Devil Makes Three, Mischief Brew, Neck, and the Mahones.
 
Recording for the WWE: lending their talent to the wrestler Fit Finlay's entrance theme, heard by audiences across the world.
 
Playing the nationally recognized Somerville News Writers Festival, which featured literary superstar Tom Perrotta.
 
http://www.theswaggeringrowlers.com