True Blood Season 2 ep 09 & 10 KVCD KillerBee (All4fun Release)

Alan Ball, creator of Six Feet Under has a sexy, scary new drama that delves into the meticulously-crafted world of novelist Charlaine Harris. A Japanese scientist's invention of synthetic blood, vampires have progressed from legendary monsters to fellow citizens overnight. And while humans have been safely removed from the menu, many remain apprehensive about vampires living amongst them in Louisiana.

A local barmaid Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin) understands what its like to be an outcast. Cursed with the ability to listen in on people's thoughts, she's also open-minded about the integration of vampires. She is especially intrigued by Bill(Stephen Moyer), a handsome 173-year-old living up the road. But as Sookie is drawn into a series of mysteries surrounding Bill's arrival in Bon Temps, that tolerance will be put to the test

Episode 09: I Will Rise Up

Eric gets hurt taking advantage of Sookie's good nature and takes her for a ride. Sookie and Jason bond over their adventures. Lafayette and Lettie Mae try to save their kin from Maryann's clutches. In prison Sam tries to set himself free and avoid Maryann. Eric and his fellow vampires are floored by Godric's decision to take the fall for their disastrous PR. 

Episode 10: New World In My View

Bill, Sookie and Jason return to Bon Temps. Sam and Andy are lured back to Merlottes by Arlene and find refuge from bloodthirsty revellors. Bill finds traditional methods don't work on Maryann. Sookie tries to help Tara engulfed in darkness. Jason attempts to rescue Sam. 

Credited Cast:

Anna Paquin	... 	Sookie Stackhouse 
Ryan Kwanten	... 	Jason 
Rutina Wesley	... 	Tara Thornton
Jim Parrack	... 	Hoyt Fortenberry

For more info: http://www.tvrage.com/shows/id-12662
                               
Genre: ....... Drama | Fantasy | Horror 
Country: ..... USA
Language: .... English
Rating: ...... USA:TV-R
Source: ...... HDTV.XviD-NoTV (Episode 09)
Source: ...... HDTV.XviD-NoTV (Episode 10)
Format: ...... Bin/Cue
Chapters: .... Per Episode
Runtime: ..... 60 min Per Episode Approx
Video: ....... Mpeg1/NTSC
Audio: ....... 44.1kHz/128kbps/Stereo
Res: ......... 352x240/23.976fps
Size: ........ 800Mb(Bin file)
Sample: ...... 9.1Mb


Note:

This is a KVCD with a menu and wont play in VLC. Either burn and play in a dvd player or mount the image in e.g. Daemontools and play with eg powerdvd

If you want to burn this kvcd with nero follow the instructions here:
