JAPAN - Adolescent Sex (1978 # 1)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD, 2004 re-issue (trks 1-10).
Number of tracks: 12.


Allmusic.com review:
"Although Japan later became one of new romantics' poster children, their 1978 Adolescent Sex LP predated the movement by two years. A remarkable debut, the set snarls with leftover punk intent, a few glam rock riffs, and a wealth of electronics that not only reach back to the band's youth, but also predate much of what would explode out of the next wave of British underground. Sounding absolutely nothing like MTV's mainstream Japan, the quintet snarls across the opener "Transmission," all snotty lads and frazzled hair, setting the stage for what follows. Except, rather than toeing that line, the band pull some remarkable tricks out of their admittedly tight sleeves. The "wow factor" of an incredibly funky bass and guitar on "The Unconventional," repeated again on "Wish You Were Black," is not only a surprise but leaves one wondering if the band were closet Chic fans — especially in light of the seven-minute jam "Suburban Love" that follows a little later on. Elsewhere, though, the band play closer to their roots while defining their own style, which includes David Sylvian's wonderfully sexy, tousled vocals — most notably on the epic, and sexy, post-punker "Television" and a cover of the vintage showstopper "Don't Rain on My Parade." A more exciting album than just about anything else they'd ever record, Japan were young, hungry, and more than a little rough around the edges. Despite the slick R&B work twined in, it's important to remember that this band were in the sonic foothold of an early edgy era — groundbreakers at their own inception. The sound, that look — it fit them well. (4.5 out of 5 stars)"

Note to Sony-BMG Music Entertainment (UK/Europe): the next time you release another repackaged/expanded/copy-protected and supposedly 'digitally remastered' version of this album, or any other Japan compilation a) could you do us all a favour and master all titles from the actual master tapes - including the bonus tracks - as opposed to from vinyl or in some cases very obviously cassettes? b) could you then do us all a favour and use some sort of tape-hiss noise reduction? c) could you do us all a favour and make sure that there are no sound drop outs on any of the tracks? d) could you do us all a favour and make sure that all tracks really are in proper stereo as opposed to one side of the two-track mix spread across both channels? e) could you do us all a favour and make sure that you don't accidentally delete the opening bar to any of the tracks? f) could you do us all a favour and make sure that you don't accidentally delete parts of the vocals on one of the tracks? f) could you do us all a favour and make sure that you don't accidentally delete the drums/bass/guitars/synths etc. on any of the other tracks? g) could you do us all a favour and make sure that you don't 'accidentally' include the album version of a track twice and then label one of them as "12" Mix", "Extended Version", "New Edit" or "Remix"? h) could you do us all a favour and make sure that the tracks, versions and mixes listed on the album cover also are those on the actual disc? Thank you. 
 
For further info on Sony-BMG's re-issues of the Japan back catalogue: 
http://www.nightporter.co.uk/pages/completedisc.html

TRACK LIST

Adolescent Sex (1978)
=====================

01. Transmission
 
02. The Unconventional
 
03. Wish You Were Black

04. Performance

05. Lovers on Main Street
  
06. Don't Rain on My Parade
 
07. Suburban Love 

08. Adolescent Sex 
 
09. Communist China

10  Television

+

11. Stateline

12. Adolescent Sex (Re-recorded version)


Enjoy and - most importantly - share with your fellow man. A special thanks to all of you out there who have both downloaded and seeded these torrents so far.




