From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:

Seeing as it's approaching the holidays, why not treat ourselves to something special? Greeting cards, roses and chocolates aside, I'm sure what we could all really go for this special week is a sizzling hot video of CF stud Dawson taking it up the butt! Aren't I such the jolly cheer?!

Again letting my naughty side emerge, I absolutely adore the look on a hot guy's face when he's getting fucked. Sure, the sensations involved are wonderful enough. But the visual involved are equally tremendous, mouth hung open in ecstasy, eyes shut tight, moans and groans escaping their lips. And what better a face to see enjoying such pleasure as Dawson's? Knowing that Cory's got the stamina to pump and pump and pump away (remember when he went to town on Kurt?), along with a yummy tight body complimented by a hot furry tummy and a perma-boner that's always eager to go, he was a great candidate to get up inside Dawson and give him a drilling. Each with a precious face and tight body, Cory and Dawson make quite the pair!

Kicking things off in the bedroom, Cory scores himself some points with Dawson and earns a crack at his... well... crack... by treating Dawson to an expert BJ and ball licking. When it comes time to fuck, though, the guys move out to the kitchen to ease the nerves a bit and proceed on to what we all want to see - Dawson and Cory humpin' like bunnies. First Cory has at Dawson's hole from behind, with Dawson bent over the kitchen's island. Then they move over to the kitchen table were Cory pumps away at Dawson in a couple more scorching hot positions before it's finally time for Dawson to spray his load all over Cory's face and in to his hungry mouth. Cory sure does seem to get off on receiving a hot facial, because after being blasted with Dawson's load and while continuing to suck each last drop out of Dawson's cock, Cory fires off quite the incredible load himself. I guess it was all just churning up inside him while he was pounding away at Dawson's crack.

They say the kitchen is the most-used room in every home, and the CF ranch is now no exception!