The Hurt Locker/2010/Retail/6 Oscars/Retail-sub
Release Date:11 February 2010 (Netherlands)

PLOT

An intense portrayal of elite soldiers who have one of the most dangerous jobs in the world: disarming bombs in the heat of combat. When a new sergeant, James, takes over a highly trained bomb disposal team amidst violent conflict, he surprises his two subordinates, Sanborn and Eldridge, by recklessly plunging them into a deadly game of urban combat. James behaves as if he's indifferent to death. As the men struggle to control their wild new leader, the city explodes into chaos, and James' true character reveals itself in a way that will change each man forever



Won 6 Oscars. Another 70 wins & 45 nominations o.a 

6x Oscars 2010 
Best Motion Picture of the Year
Best Achievement in Directing
Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen
Best Achievement in Editing
Best Achievement in Sound Mixing
Best Achievement in Sound Editing

5x BAFTA'S 2010 Awards
Beste film
Best Screenplay (Original)
Best Cinematography
Best Editing
Best Sound


MM:     http://moviemeter.nl/film/43612 

IMDB:    http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0887912 

Verenigde Staten
Oorlog / Drama
130 minuten

geregisseerd door Kathryn Bigelow
met Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie en Brian Geraghty


Een groep Amerikaanse elitesoldaten is in Irak belast met een levensgevaarlijke opdracht: bommen ontmantelen in het heetst van de strijd. Wanneer sergeant James de leiding krijgt over een getraind ontmijningsteam, sleept hij zijn ondergeschikten roekeloos mee in een dodelijk kat-en-muisspel met de vijand. De dood laat hem schijnbaar onverschillig. Terwijl de mannen hun losgeslagen leider onder controle proberen te houden, explodeert de stad in chaos...

English :

An intense portrayal of elite soldiers who have one of the most dangerous jobs in the world: disarming bombs in the heat of combat. When a new sergeant, James, takes over a highly trained bomb disposal team amidst violent conflict, he surprises his two subordinates, Sanborn and Eldridge, by recklessly plunging them into a deadly game of urban combat. James behaves as if he's indifferent to death. As the men struggle to control their wild new leader, the city explodes into chaos, and James' true character reveals itself in a way that will change each man forever


INFO

Format : DVD5
Bron : Retail
Subs : Dutch (Adjusteble) 
Genre : Retail
Audio : DD5.1

  