Graphic DP 2 (2010) 
 
http://www.spicetvstore.com/exec/v1_item.asp?item_id=1545654&partner_id=10008496 
http://www.bargainadultdvd.com/action/product.asp?product=1545654&partner_id=10008495

Studio 	Evil Angel
Release Date Aug 13, 2010
Category All Sex, Anal, Compilation, Double Penetration, Threesomes & More
Director Steve Holmes
Starring Roxy Jezel, Melissa Lauren, Sandra Romain, Toni Ribas, Mandy Bright, Tyla Wynn, Kid Jamaica, Liliane Tiger, Jessica Fiorentino, Ellen Saint, Renee Pornero, Janet Alfano, Michelle Wild, Alex Divine, Simone West, Alexandra Joy, Manuel Ferrara, Erik Everhard, John Strong, Michael Stefano, David Perry, Steve Holmes, Franco Roccaforte


Steve Holmes has proven himself to be a nasty cocksman capable of bringing the raunchiest behavior out of the sluts he plays with. One of his filthy passions is double-penetration, wherein a shamelessly hedonistic whore gets her pussy and ass simultaneously screwed. Steve's new Graphic DP 2 collects an even dozen of his very best such scenes and shows that his expertise is both sexual and technical - capturing this acrobatic feat well requires casting the hardiest, horniest girls with the most reliable woodsmen; arranging all the cocks and holes in tricky positions; then skillfully shooting among all the flailing limbs so the footage looks as graphic as the act. Eight of these mini-orgies include Steve's signature DP position, in which the tramp is lifted and carried bodily as the hard-ons saw away at her slots with the camera hovering beneath and around the lust-addled cock absorber. Cover girl Roxy Jezel's scene is a perfect example. The petite Asian/Brit with the pretty butt proves to be a nymph of nasty words and deeds - throughout an intense DP reaming she shit-talks a streak in her cute Cockney accent. Roxy sucks cocks pulled freshly from her cunt and rectum. Her hair and butt bounce wildly as Steve and a second stud carry-fuck her and spank her ass red. At one point she literally faints with ecstasy then, as the hammer-fucking continues, she comes to and preciously asks, "Did I pawss out?" Incorrigible Austrian Renee Pornero doubles down, wailing through double-vaginal and double-anal plowings. (That's right, two cocks in one hole at the same time!) Sandra Romain gapes widely and takes her own long double-anal pounding. Janet Alfano and Alexandra Joy both get DPed in an energetic scene. Janet gapes and swallows three loads. Auburn-haired Italian Jessica Fiorentino, gorgeous blonde Ellen Saint and hot-assed dirty blonde Lilliane Tiger enjoy bi times and each get DPed in one scene; Lilliane comes back for a second DP, this time wearing a silver cross necklace that hangs in her cleavage till it's sacrilegiously spackled in two loads of semen. Tyla Wynn and Alex Devine look almost like dirty blonde twins. Tyla's DP earns her three ejaculations to swallow from just two dicks; after an ATM-flavored DP, nasty Alex' asshole gapes for more. After matching DPs, popular stars Melissa Lauren (bleached blonde here) and Mandy Bright swap thick wads of sperm mouth-to-mouth. Steve's got two hot African-American ladies in need of white-into-black DP service: Light-skinned, petite, cute-assed Taya Silvers sucks cock pussy-to-mouth and ass-to-mouth, then gargles two helpings of jism. Natural-bodied Simone West also sucks cock fresh from her holes, and when she burps on the spunk she swallows, she playfully calls herself, "such a lady." Fair-skinned, buxom Michelle Wild has a great, fleshy ass and a treat for those with a smoking fetish. She blows smoke all over Steve's cock, moans through her DP, and her scene culminates with a titty-fuck in which Manuel Ferrara blasts her tongue, face, hair and jumbo boobs with a massive sperm shower.
