Not my rip thank you very much to the original poster..;)

Kid Creole & The Coconuts - Tropical Gangsters (1982) (2002 Remaster) EAC-FLAC.


Digitally Remastered Reissue of the Kid and the Babes Most Successful Album  from the Brindisi Reef that Yielded Hit Singles on Both Sides of the Atlantic and Solidified their Fan Base. The Second in the "Mimi" Cycle, August Darnell's Lyrics  Are Humourous and Thought Provoking in a Spicy Stew of Funk, Calypso and R&b...long Before Anyone Else in the Pop World Attempted to Merge them All. Includes Updated Liner Notes, Rare Photos and an Interview with August Darnell. The Real Bonus for Collectors Are the Six Bonus Tracks; All the 12" Mixes and Single B-songs Released in Tandem with the Original Album: "Christmas on Riverside Drive", "You Had No Intention", "Annie I'm Not Your Daddy (Remix)", "i'm a Wonderful Thing (Original 12" Mix)", "Stool Pigeon (12" Mix)" and "Double on Back".



01. Annie (I'm Not Your Daddy)
02. I'm A Wonderful Thing, Baby
03. Imitation
04. I'm Corrupt
05. Loving You Made A Fool Out Of Me
06. Stool Pigeon
07. The Love We Have
08. No Fish Today
09. Christmas On Riverside Drive
10. You Had No Intention
11. Annie I'm Not Your Daddy (Remix)
12. I'm A Wonderful Thing (Original 12" Mix)
13. Stool Pigeon (12 Inch Mix)
14. Double On Back (B Side Of Stool Pigeon 12")


Groundbreaking album. Combines many styles of music. Very unique sound. Fantastic use of acoustic instruments with synthsizers. There hasnt been a band yet to capture this amalgamation of music. Too far ahead of its time to enjoy its true success. If this were released today August Darnell would own the world. Customer Review www.amazon.com


Tropical Gangsters was the soundtrack to my clubbing years in the early eighties.
Pop Music was a lot different then - Culture Club, The Associates, Haircut 100, Dexys Midnight Runners, and er, Musical Youth!
I had been aware of Kid Creole for a few years before this album was released.
I already had a Dr Buzzard L.P. and the Mutant Disco Album.
You had to be there to understand the impact this album had.
It was being played in every Wine Bar and Pub in town, throughout the long hot summer of 1982.
Kid Creole and the Coconuts were famous for risque lyrics, outrageous costumes, and Hollywood style theatrics.
I went to see them at Birmingham Odeon on the Tropical Gangsters tour.
Half of the audience was on stage for the encores!
This new release includes all the classic 12" mixes and B sides.
There are also another three remastered and expanded Kid Creole albums available now.
What can i say - I will buy the set - if you like great music
you should too. Customer Review www.amazon.co.uk

All Artwork Included At 300dpi