sdtv xvid 700kbps



DOC-DEBUT: Dambé - The Mali Project




 

Category: Documentaries

Regions: Sub-Saharan Africa, Europe

Topics: Music / Art / Culture

 

Dambe: The Mali Project

Irish musicians Liam O'Maonlai and Paddy Keenan embark on a musical adventure to the heart of Africa, Mali. Traveling over three thousand miles, they meet and collaborate with everyone from legendary musicians (Afel Bocoum, Toumani Diabate) to nomadic herders, culminating in a unique performance at the world's most remote musical festival, the "Festival au Desert".

 

REVIEWS:


"Simple yet sublime." - Sunday Independent



"Stunningly shot, the country is captured as beautiful, vibrant, colourful and culturally rich, and so we are spared the typically dark and dismal portraits of the continent which we are unfortunately much accustomed to." - Steve Cummins, RTE.IE



"Dambé is an intriguing insight into the culture, struggles and triumphs of the African people, an interesting portrayal about communication through music and how two countries, on opposite ends of the economic spectrum, can have such defining similarities." - Sunday Business Post



"The similarities between African and Celtic music have often been noted but the collaborations in The Mali Project illustrate those mystical connections better than any academic treatise could manage". - Donald Clarke, Irish Times



LEARN MORE:

Luachra Productions

Press Release

RTE Entertainment film review


Irish Independent film review

Sunday Business Post film review


 


 

About Doc-Debut

This film is airing as part of Doc-Debut, a series on Link TV highlighting unique and groundbreaking international documentary films. Each week features the U.S. television premiere of a new foreign doc, offering American audiences unprecedented perspectives on world events and culture, as seen through the eyes of individuals across the globe. The series also provides a unique outlet for films by independent directors and producers to reach a much wider international audience.
 