The Powers That Be are proud to present

Dirt 2

About

The core of Dirt 2 is the Career Mode, which starts you as an up-and-coming racer and builds you into a champion. Each race earns you experience points, which in turn increases your driver's level. Through Level 30 you gain new liveries, unlock new races and earn some lovely parting gifts. These include dashboard items such as a hula girl and fuzzy dice to hang from your rearview mirror. Rewards are always welcome and Dirt 2 makes certain to spoil you early and often.

Features

Dirt 2 features tons of modes that go beyond the standard two-lap races. You have your standard racing modes such as Rally Racing and Time Trial, but there are also special modes such as Gate Crasher (reach the finish before time runs out, hitting the small gates located in each track to gain additional time), Last Man Standing (a timer counts down, periodically knocking out whoever is in last place), and Land Rush (off-road racing featuring many different paths and obstacles on the way to the goal), among many others. There’s quite a bit of variety for racing veterans looking for something beyond the basic rally racing, but those gamers preferring more of the latter may be disappointed of the small number of pure racing tracks at the expense of these new arcade-like modes.

System Requirements

Operating System: Windows Vista or Windows 7
Processor: Intel Core i7 or AMD Phenom II
Memory: 3GB
HDD Space: 10GB
Video Card: ATi Radeon HD 5700 Series

Minimum Specifications:

Operating System: Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7
Processor: Intel Pentium 4 3.0Ghz or AMD Athlon 64 3400+
Memory: 1GB (2GB for Windows Vista)
HDD Space: 10GB
Video Card: ATI Radeon X1500 or NVIDIA GeForce 6800

how to install
:
1.Double click Setup.exe, wait then press 'c' to choose an installation
location (make sure there are no spaces in the installation location) or
press 'i' to default install to 'System drive:GamesTPTBGameName'.

* The game automatically installs a program called 'Rapture3D', which is kinda like         'PhysX' but for sound.  The program isnt necessary for the game to run.

Oh, and you will need to create an offline/local account with Windows Live to save       your game progress.

2.Wait,

3.Play Game from Desktop!

Ripped by TPTB

Greets to the deserving... (ya know who you are)