Marillion -  Misplaced Childhood [24-bit Remaster]


John Franck at Allmusic says:

After the album-tour-album cycle of Script for a Jester's Tear, Fugazi, and the subsequent Euro-only release of Real to Reel, Marillion retreated to Berlin's Hansa Ton Studios with Rolling Stones producer Chris Kimsey to work on their next opus. Armed with a handful of lyrics born out of a self-confessed acid trip, Fish came up with the elaborate concept for 1985's Misplaced Childhood. Touching upon his early childhood experiences and his inability to deal with a slew of bad breakups exacerbated by a never-ending series of rock star-type "indulgences", Misplaced Childhood would prove to be not only the band's most accomplished release to date, but also its most streamlined. Initial record company skepticism over the band's decision to forge ahead with a '70s-style prog rock opus split into two halves (sides one and two) quickly evaporated as Marillion delivered its two most commercial singles ever: "Kayleigh" and "Lavender". With its lush production and punchy mix, the album went on to become the band's greatest commercial triumph, especially in Europe where they would rise from theater attraction to bona fide stadium royalty. The subsequent U.S. success of "Kayleigh" would also see Marillion returning to the States for a difficult tour as Rush's support act.

In 1999, EMI/Sanctuary re-released a remastered version of the album, featuring a bonus disc of oddities including live fave "Freaks", the previously unreleased "Blue Angel", alternate takes of "Kayleigh" and "Heart of Lothian", and Misplaced Childhood's actual demos.

Tracklist:
Disc 1:
01. Pseudo Silk Kimono
02. Kayleigh
03. Lavender
04. Bitter Suite
      i. Brief Encounter
      ii. Lost Weekend
      iii. Blue Angel
05. Heart of Lothian
      i. Wide Boy
      ii. Curtain Call
06. Waterhole (Expresso Bongo)
07. Lords of the Backstage
08. Blind Curve
      i. Vocal Under a Bloodlight
      ii. Passing Strangers
      iii. Mylo
      iv. Perimeter Walk
      v. Threshold
09. Childhoods End?
10. White Feather

Disc 2:
01. Lady Nina
02. Freaks
03. Kayleigh [Alternative Mix]
04. Lavender Blue
05. Heart of Lothian [Extended Mix]
Misplaced Childhood Album Demos (Recorded February 1985]
06. Pseudo Silk Kimono
07. Kayleigh
08. Lavender
09. Bitter Suite
      i. Brief Encounter
      ii. Lost Weekend
10. Lords of the Backstage
11. Blue Angel
12. Misplaced Rendezvous
13. Heart of Lothian
      i. Wide Boy
      ii. Curtain Call
14. Waterhole (Expresso Bongo)
15. Passing Strangers
      i. Mylo
      ii. Perimeter Walk
      iii. Threshold
16. Childhoods End?
17. White Feather

The musicians:
Fish (Derek W. Dick) - vocals
Steve Rothery - guitars
Mark Kelly - keyboards
Pete Trewavas - bass
Ian Mosley - drums

Recorded at Hansa Ton Studios, West Berlin, between March and May 1985.
Original (single-disc) album released 17 June 1985. This remastered (two-disc) edition released 17 October 1998.
Producer: Chris Kimsey for Wonderknob Ltd.
Labels: EMI Records (UK) / Capitol Records (USA).
Genre: Progressive Rock, Neo-Prog.

Ripped with EAC in Secure mode, Test & Copy.
Encoded with FLAC Frontend at level 8, with full tagging.
Includes full artwork, EAC CUE and LOG files, AudioChecker log, and NFO file.


Be fair & share!

