Space Balls BRRip 720p XviD-KiNGDOM

Release Title Space Balls BRRip 720p XviD-KiNGDOM

Storyline The planet Spaceball, home planet of
the evil Spaceballs is running out of air and the planet's ruler President
Skroob has devised a evil scheme, where he plans to steal the air from the
atmosphere of the peaceful planet Druidia. But Druidia is surrounded by a
defense shield to prevent the Spaceballs from stealing the air. When Druidia's
ruler King Roland's beautiful daughter Princess Vespa and her loyal droid Dot
Matrix flees from Druidia during her wedding to Prince Valium, The evil
commander of the Spaceball fleet, Dark Helmet captures Princess Vespa so King
Roland will be forced to give them the access code to the defense shield. But
heroic space pilot Lone Starr and his sidekick, Barf (A Mog half man-half Dog)
comes to Princess Vespa's rescue. With help from wise and powerful master of the
magic ring "The Schwartz" Yogurt, Lone Starr, Barf, Dot and Princess Vespa set
out to save Druida and foil Dark Helmet and President Scroob's scheme and
prevent them from stealing the air from Druidia.

Cast
Mel Brooks ... President Skroob / Yogurt
John Candy ... Barf
Rick Moranis ... Dark Helmet
Bill Pullman ... Lone Starr
Daphne Zuniga ... Princess Vespa
Dick Van Patten ... King Roland
George Wyner ... Colonel Sandurz
Michael Winslow ... Radar Technician
Joan Rivers ... Dot Matrix (voice)
Lorene Yarnell ... Dot Matrix
John Hurt ... Himself
Sal Viscuso ... Radio Operator
Ronny Graham ... Minister
Jim J. Bullock ... Prince Valium
Leslie Bevis ... Commanderette Zircon

Genre Adventure | Comedy | Sci-Fi
Language English
Total Size 2.95 GiB
Source Spaceballs.1987.BluRay.1080p.DTS.x264.dxva-wsp® Thanks ;)
Encoder IZON

Video Specs
Container: AVI(.AVI)
Video Codec Type: XVID
Video Codec name: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Avg. Bitrate: 4,393 Kbps
Encoding: 2 Pass
Resolution: 1280 x 592
Quality Factor (QF): 0.157
Frame Rate: 23.976 fp

Audio Specs
Audio Codec: AC3
Bitrate: 1,536 Kbps
Sample Rate: 48.0 KHz
Channel Count: 2

IMDB 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094012/