DVD Audio Extractor is a powerful software DVD audio extracting/ ripping tool. It can help you to extract audio streams from your favorite DVDs and save them as OGG, MP3, Wave or FLAC files.

DVD Audio Extractor can also demux audio streams directly to pcm, mpa, ac3 or dts files. The newly added CD Image creating feature allows you to convert DVD to Audio CD in one step.

DVD Audio Extractor features on its easy-to-use interface, ultra-fast extracting speed, rich audio formats support, multi-channel capability, resample to arbitrary sample rate, audio preview and much more. It's all what you needed to get audios out of DVD-Video discs, so that you can listen on MP3 Player, play on PC, record to CD or do anything else.


Easy-to-use user interface
DVD Audio Extractor is designed in sense of easy use. The program comes with a step by step wizard-like interface and all the functions can be used by simple mouse clicks.
Ultra-fast extracting speed
With its fully optimized processing engine, DVD Audio Extractor can convert selected audio tracks within 10% of normal playback time. (Note: processing time differs for different audio format settings)
Support all DVD audio formats
DVD Audio Extractor can decode all the audio formats available on DVD-Video: Dolby Digital (AC-3), MPEG1/2, Linear PCM (any 16, 20 or 24 bit, 48000 or 96000 Hz sample rate, 1 to 8 channels), and DTS (Digital Theater Systems).
Support multiple output formats
DVD Audio Extractor is able to encode to several formats: OGG (Mono, Stereo or 5.1 Surround), MP3 (Mono, Stereo or Joint Stereo), Uncompressed PCM Wave (unlimited channel, with an option to save each channel to separate file), and FLAC. You can also demux audio stream from the DVD stream and save them as separate files.
The newly added CD Image creating feature allows you to convert DVD to Audio CD in one step.
Audio playback/preview
The audio playback/preview feature allows you to listen to the selected chapters, so that you can be sure those chapters are really what you wanted to extract. You can also use DVD Audio Extractor as a standalone Audio Player for DVD-Video discs.
Resample to arbitrary sample rate
The resample library in DVD Audio Extractor allows you to save audios to any sample rate with high quality.
Native NT/2000/XP support
DVD Audio Extractor provides support for NT/2000/XP natively (no ASPI manager required). On Win9x/Me systems ASPI manager (wnaspi32.dll) is still necessary.
Batch processing
Select all tracks you want to rip and DVD Audio Extractor will automatically rip and encode them one by one.
The newly added multi-title feature allows you to rip from all the selected titles at once.
Detailed HTML help file
The detailed descriptions in the help file explains everything the user has to know about how to use DVD Audio Extractor.

Changes in version 4.5.5 (2009-09-09):
Fixed a bug that caused subtle audio skip on some DVD discs.
Updated Vorbis library to version 1.2.3.
DVD Audio Extractor has been verified to be Windows 7 compatible.



Windows 2003, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows 98



Unpack with any archiver
Install setup.exe
Run the application and go to  ->Enter Licence Code...
Use one of serials provided



