Osho - Communism And Zen Fire, Zen Wind - Remastered

This is a remastered version to improve sound quality and remove
the defects of the source material, minimize the noise, rumble and
other distracting sound characteristics and make the voice sound
more intimate so your contact becomes closer.

Total size is minimized without loss of sound quality.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

This is one of the most significant records.
The Diamond Sword. Hot as it gets.

In the first discourse, Osho is talking about destruction of the commune
in Oregon by the U.S. government and some specific details related to it
and his arrest and associated legal issues and events.

What this has to deal with is the major alternatives in mankind's
development, at least as far as social organization goes. And not only
social organization, but the very nature of physical world of matter.

Much of the material has to do with Russia and the whole idea of
communism and the issues of capitalism.

Osho had a complete library of works on communism and related issues.
According to him, there wasn't a single book of any significance that was
not in his library. He studied these subjects extensively for several years.
So, if there exists a single person in the whole world who does know and
understand it and its implications, it was unquestionably him, by far.

This series of talks was given from 30/01/89 to 05/02/89,
just before the collapse of Russia took place and it was converted
into the ugliest form of raging capitalism in the most perverted form.
Never, in the entire history of mankind, there has been such a rapid
destruction of such a powerful force on the world scene.
Even revolution took longer to finalize its effects on society.

The depth of understanding, insight and breath of scope is not only
mind boggling, but mind shattering. Osho exhibits the insights,
unparalleled, even if we are talking about the highest level experts
from Russia or anywhere in the world for that matter, the academicians.
Most of them look like pygmies compared to depth of coverage of the most
fundamental issues facing the mankind, and all of it is applicable
to this very moment as much as it gets.

He made some specific predictions as to what is going to happen
to Russia and it all happened just as he said. At the time,
not even the foremost experts could see it as deeply and with such
understanding and clarity as he did.

It is an urgent call, a howl in the desert, and, unfortunately, no one
seem to have heard it, just as usual. Furthermore, Gorbachev, knowingly
or unknowingly has become a part in this "New World Order" agenda,
the two class society of "elite" and "slaves", where if you do as you
are told, you are given a chance to exist. Otherwise, you are recycled
into energy. The technology of recycling ANY biological matter has already
been developed and demonstrated on the "idiot box" as Osho calls TV.

And this is what happened since these discourses:

Once the process of destruction of Russia in the fastest time frame
on record was irreversible, Gorbachev was provided everything he needs
to establish his own organization by the powers of the most profound
evil just to make his ego feel important in the global agenda. That
foundation is just phony. It exists for almost 20 years by now but it was
unable to produce any ideas or solutions of any significance beyond promotion
of "globalization" agenda, which is the same exact thing as the NWO.

He brags about "democracy" just like that Dubya, who started more wars than
all his predecessors.

He was awarded a Shnobel (big nose) prize, just like Jeffry Sachs,
the "consultant", whose plans for destruction of Russia via "shock therapy"
were implemented as is.

As Osho points out, there is no such thing as democracy in reality.
The idea of "voice of the people" is just bluff that ends after the election.
All bought and paid for. He states that the only real example of democracy
was in ancient Greece, the direct vote democracy where people voted directly
for some issue. In representative democracy, once the elections are finished,
what those in power do is not passing the laws of behalf of people who
elected them, but making deals mostly to benefit their puppeteers.

They will lie their shark teeth out to make those deals look like something
beneficial to all. But once they are elected, they could care less even about
their own promises made during the elections.

It is all a matter of how sophisticated are your lies and deceit, and
politicians are the most sophisticated liars. It is a pathology pretty much.
They have spent their whole lives on lying and that is how they got elected
in the first place, given enough money on their campaigns. In fact, if you
are not a pathological liar and there exists no compromising information on you
so you can be manipulated like a puppet, there is very little chance for you to
gain any prominence on a political scene. If you are clean and honest, forget
about politics. They won't let you in.

When Gorbachev was nominated for the Nobel Prize, the next person on the list was?
Surprise, surprise. Ronald Reagan, a "prophet" of suckitalism, a suckitalist
icon, a senile puppet just like others, who was awarded the highest 33rd degree
of Freemasonry for his "long term and extensive cooperation with Freemasons".
Now, to nominate no one less than Ronald Reagan for the PEACE prize, you have
to be utterly corrupt, corrupt to the bone and marrow. No president before him
have spent so much money on war as he did.

Guess where all his "great insights" and ideas came from.
Can you even begin to comprehend what that "extensive cooperation" translates
into and what kinds of things were done under the hood?

Several hundred of the most famous scientists, artists and other creative people
have pronounced a verdict of the people to condemn what Gorbachev has done to
Russia, and not only to Russia, but to the whole world, as he, single handedly
destroyed the only alternative system of social organization, not based in
ruthless exploitation, and named him a traitor.

What he has essentially done is treason, a betrayal of his own people
and his own land and he will never be able to wash it out from his hands,
no matter how self-righteous is his smile, a smile of a puppet in the NWO agenda.

"World progress is only possible through a search for universal human consensus
as we move forward to a new world order."

-- Mikhail Gorbachev,
   Address to the U.N., December 7, 1988

"What is at stake is more than one small country, it is a
big idea -- a new world order... to achieve the universal
aspirations of mankind... based on shared principles and
the rule of law...

The illumination of a thousand points of light...
The winds of change are with us now."

-- George HW Bush, Skull and Bones member, the illuminist
   State of Union Message, 1991

Sounds similar? What is the difference between these two men?
Well, George HW Bush happens to be the member of a super secret satanic cult
of Skull and Bones, one of the major forces directing the fate of the world,
and so is "Dubya", his son. His father, Prescott Bush, happens to be one of
the most ferocious Freemasons on record, who built his empire of wealth
managing finances for Adolph Hitler during the World War II.

In an August 7, 2000 Time magazine interview,
George W. Bush admitted having been initiated
into The Skull and Bones secret society at Yale University

"...these same secret societies are behind it all,"
my father said. Now, Dad had never spoken much about his work.

-- George W. Bush

And these are just peanuts in this grand scheme of "NWO", the final
manifestation of which is presented in the "Matrix" movie so that everyone
gets familiar with "new realities", the inevitable realities.
That is how these "illuminists" present their ideas to the "herd of sheep"
as they think of humanity at large, to be lead by their horns towards
"enlightenment", believe it or not.

Gorbachev was consulted by the "expert" on globalization related issues
from the USA, Jeffrey Sachs of Harvard university, whose "shock therapy"
of the fastest destruction of one of the most powerful countries in the
world was followed to the dot and comma. Later on, he was even awarded
a nobel prize for this grand scam. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Sachs

"It takes a certain level of gross incompetence,
usually with a heavy dose of promotion of genocide thrown in,
to qualify an economist for a Nobel Prize.

Earth Institute head Jeffrey Sachs, despite his attempts to reinvent
himself as a bleeding-heart liberal for the extremely poor, has a resumé
which has already put him into the running—most notably, his role in
pushing through genocidal shock therapy in Russia and Poland in the 1990s,
and in turning Bolivia into a cocaine economy in the 1980s."

-- Nancy Spannaus
   Book review 
http://www.larouchepub.com/eiw/public/2009/2009_1-9/2009_1-9/2009-1/pdf/56-57_3601.pdf

Quite an interesting read.

As a result, in the shortest possible time, the wealth of the entire
nation was transferred into the hands of few oligarchs via totally bogus
"privatization certificates" that at a time of total economic chaos,
were virtually useless pieces of paper allegedly distributing the state
property by giving everyone a little piece of worthless paper that
constituted a miniscule part of some enterprise. This scheme was well
understood by these economic "revolutionaries". You could hardly buy
a loaf of bread with that piece of paper. But those, who knew this
whole grand scam, were buying out this paper by the truckloads.

That is how Russian "oligarchy" was born. For example, a plain
bookkeeper from Siberia, Abramovich, who now owns the Chelsea football
team and one of the biggest yachts conceivable, ended up owning some of
the fattest parts of Russian natural resources. Utter nobody became
one of the richest people on earth. How did he know what to do?
When everyone was selling these useless pieces of paper, he, for
some strange reason, was buying it like crazy. And where did he get
the money to buy it? He was just a bookkeeper. And he was not the
only one, by ANY means.

The result of what Gorbachev and Yeltsin have done to Russia is
basically converting one of the greatest countries in the world into
a banana republic. Total lawlessness, corruption unlimited on all
possible levels, perversion, the sickness in the media, constantly
jamming the most disgusting sickness into people's minds as if it is
the only reality there is, so there is no alternatives, no sane art left.

Homodegenerates converted the greatest theaters in Russia into
degenerate shows of utmost disgust and utter denial of the most
fundamental human values.

Vast majority of people live in utter poverty and desperation.
Crime, drugs and all sorts of sickness is promoted as the only
reality there is by the same media, owned by these very people.

And Russia is the heart of the Earth. Yes, it is not that easy to
totally destroy the Russian soul. It still percolates. There are still
traces of it left. But the damage done to it is simply beyond conceivable.

Interestingly enough, during the economic crisis of 1988, when Russia
was in a desperate state, Yeltsin went to the USA and asked his "friend"
Bill Clinton, the Illuminist, for financial assistance. The result?
Clinton tapped him on the shoulder, like a friend, and with a big plastic
smile on his shark's face told him:
"Oh, no problem. You can make it on your own."

So, all the destruction these puppets, Gorbachev and Yeltsin have done
to benefit the most profound suckitalist evil, did not even warrant
any kind of financial help in the time of utter urgency. In fact,
that was a period when the whole perverted model of capitalism has
taken the final shape as smaller players were shaken off the scales
and property and resources have all consolidated in the hands of few.
Utter disgust.

Just a couple of days ago the final nail in the coffin of the richest
country in the world, Russia, has been nailed down with this agreement
on "reduction" of nuclear weapons, signed by Russia and the USA.

In that deal, the only plutonium enrichment plant in Russia, one of the
most high technological operations conceivable was agreed to be closed
down. During the initial phase of destruction of Russia during the
Gorbachev's time, Russia has given away most of its Uranium reserves
to the USA, basically for peanuts, a penny on a dollar. So, at this
moment, the USA possesses the biggest stockpile of weapon grade nuclear
materials.

With this latest nuclear arms "reduction" deal, Russia is effectively
left utterly defenseless considering the most lethal technology available
to the USA, spending trillions on development of the most potent and
destructive weapons and hundreds of thousands of pilotless planes in
its arsenal. With this number of pilotless planes Russia can be easily
destroyed without even using the strategic nuclear arsenal. At the
moment, it is totally surrounded by the US military bases.

Furthermore, merely reducing the number of nuclear warheads by half or
so does not change anything. It is still enough to destroy the earth
several times over. With these kinds of deals, the world will sooner
be destroyed several times over before there is any genuine progress.

At this junction, Russia is owned by the most destructive elements
in this global NWO agenda. Significantly enough, one of the Russia's
oligarchs, Berezovsky, one of the most instrumental figures in
destruction of Russia during the Gorbachev/Yeltsin period, who escaped
to UK to avoid the persecution, has blatantly announced that for the
first time in thousand years, we (Zionists) control Russia.

Right now Russia is totally controlled by the powers of evil most profound.
Its vast wealth, its resources, its government does not belong to the
Russian people any longer. Whatever political decisions and "laws",
passed by its parliament are that, which is needed by this NWO agenda
as far as major issues are concerned.

In essence, the Russian government, and, for that matter, the European
parliament is nothing more than a puppet theater, owned gun, stock and
barrel.

Just the other day, the latest list of billionaires in Russia was
published. The number of billionaires has doubled during the last year.
Unheard of in the entire history of mankind. How is this possible?
Well, simple, really. By raping and pillaging. Simple as that.
Prices in Russia are at the world level and salaries are lower than
in a third world level. That is how.

Some of the "laws" passed by the EU parliament are against the most
fundamental principles of democracy, unprecedented in the entire history
of democracy, on the par only with the Nazi Germany or totalitarian
dictatorship in Russia. They are clearly against some of the principles
of The Convention on Basic Human Rights, signed by vast majority of the
countries, stating in part such inherent freedoms as freedom of thought
and freedom to have ones own convictions and religious beliefs.
All that is history, even as it stands at this very moment.

The entire world at this very junction is a dominion of the most profound
evil and the consequences of it are far beyond comprehension of many.
Just the "Chip Society" agenda alone, as stated by Nicholas Rockefeller,
is something unheard of.

"The end goal is to get everybody chipped, to control the whole society,
to have the bankers and the elite people control the world."

-- Nick Rockefeller quoted by Aaron Russo in this interview. 
http://hubpages.com/hub/Astonishing_Interview_with_Aaron_Russo_who_met_with_Nick_Rockefeller

Quote:

Russo [journalist] rejected the invitation [by Nick Rockefeller to join
the "elite" club], saying he had no interest in "enslaving the people"
to which Rockefeller coldly questioned why he cared about the "serfs."

"I used to say to him what's the point of all this," states Russo,
"you have all the money in the world you need, you have all the power you need,
what's the point, what's the end goal?" to which Rockefeller replied (paraphrasing),

"The end goal is to get everybody chipped, to control the whole society,
to have the bankers and the elite people control the world.

End of quote.

And he states it bluntly and openly, which implies that control of the world
is so profound on all possible levels, that there simply exists no power
that can possibly affect this agenda.

The world banking system, natural resources, world gold reserves, the diamond
industry, the "entertainment" industry, the media with its propaganda and
disinformation machine and all major industries affecting the mankind as such are
under total control of this so called elite.

All the economic crisises are staged events. Every five years or so, the rivers
of blood are drained from the economic system and some major banks owned by
this very "elite" are being bankrupted, after which comes the "refinancing"
phase, draining the resources further and providing even fatter bonuses to
those very criminals, that caused those "criseses" in the first place.
Major money simply flows from one pocket to another, of the same gang.

The chip implant manufacturing is already at the production levels.
Within ten years at the most, most of you will be wearing the chip implants
and all your movements will be monitored 24 hrs. a day. According to Nick
Rockefeller, if you obidiently follow what you are told and behave like a
slave, you are allowed to exist. Otherwise your chip is simply turned off
and you are dead. Simple as that.

The whole notion of privacy is but history. There is no such a thing any longer.

They have already created the "elite" clubs where clients get anything they want
in a separate "elite" area, without even paying for it or using a credit card.
All that needs to be done is scanning of their hand. And some of those fools,
thinking they are some kind of "elite" and the entire paradise has opened to
them are just that, fools, zombies and biorobots, programmed to literal oblivion,
unable to even think for themselves or consider the consequences of their
"elite" status.

Interestingly enough, many think that the USA is the real superpower,
controlling the fate of the world at this junction. But consider this:

"Every time we do something you tell me America will do this
and will do that . . . I want to tell you something very clear:

Don't worry about American pressure on Israel.
We, the Jewish people,
control America, and the Americans know it."

--- Israeli Prime Minister,
    Ariel Sharon, October 3, 2001.
	
Listen to the Jewish banker, Paul Warburg:

"We will have a world government whether you like it or not.
The only question is whether that government will be achieved
by conquest or consent."

-- while speaking before the United States Senate, February 17, 1950

"James Paul Warburg

(1896-1969) son of Paul Moritz Warburg, nephew of Felix Warburg and of
Jacob Schiff, both of Kuhn, Loeb & Co. which poured millions into the
Russian Revolution through James' brother Max, banker to the German
government, Chairman of the CFR"

Do you know what this CFR (Committee for Foreign Relations) is and what
is its agenda? Check it out. LOTS of fun.

The arrogance and blatantness with which it was made is beyond belief.
To tell such an arrogant and totally unprecedented thing openly in the
face of the most powerful country in the world definitely signifies
something.

So, this dream of border-less world, where you do not need a passport
any longer at this junction translates into this matrix scheme of NWO.

About the only force of any significance is the anti-globalist movement
that was started by one of the former US Supreme Court justices,
one of the most courageous, honest and sincere people one can even
hope to find, who realizes all too well who is he up against.

Volumes can be written about the internals and mechanics of the
modern world and this matrix scheme that has been largely implemented
by now.

To understand the essence of those puppeteers pushing this so called
NWO agenda, you might be interested in reading this background information: 
http://antimatrix.vndv.com/Convert/Articles_AntiMatrix/Degenerates/Antimatrix-Degenerates-Rule-The-World-00000008.html

It is written by Gregory Klimov as a result of 50 years of work
studying the issues of degeneracy and its impact on society on all
possible levels. He was eventually killed. The "official" story was that
it was a suicide, which is utter impossibility. He was 82 years old, and
he knew the whole thing in and out so well, you could not even begin to
comprehend how well it is. He had nothing to loose and nothing to be
frustrated about. The most likely cause of his death was his decision to
release his immense archives before he dies.

And once you throw this in, the whole picture is becoming pretty rounded: 
http://educate-yourself.org/mcsvaliinterviewpt2.html 

It has to do with these so called Illuminaties and their agenda of
world domination as manifest in this "NWO" thing. Do you recall this
"thousand points of lights" thing by George HW Bush? Well, guess what
it means.

This is what it is all about: 
http://antimatrix.vndv.com/Convert/Impending_New_Word_Order.htm

Significantly enough, Osho was keeping a close watch on the events
unfolding during the destruction or Russia in the Gorbachev's era.
Some discourses in this series start with, "friends, I'd like to tell
you the latest news" [from Russia]...


If you think, "oh, this stuff has nothing to do with my interests
and my kundalini rising because I live in Sweden or Netherlands
and everything is nice and kosher in our lands", think again.

Who knows...

Osho book collection can be searched from: 

  http://oshosearch.net/Convert/search.php

or view the entire collection at: 

  http://oshosearch.net

