American Pie All Movies Pack english+romanian subtitle


American Pie 1
----------------

Release Date: 9 July 1999
Genre: Comedy | Romance
Rating: 6.8/10 (81,740 votes)
Directed By: Paul Weitz
Cast: Jason Biggs , Chris Klein , Thomas Ian Nicholas , Seann William Scott , Alyson Hannigan , Shannon Elizabeth
Length: 92 Minutes
IMDB Link -> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0163651/


American Pie is a 1999 teen comedy film directed by Paul Weitz and Chris Weitz and written by Adam Herz. This was the first film directed by the Weitz brothers and the first of the American Pie series. The movie is centered on four boys who make a pact to lose their virginity by their high school graduation, and their subsequent adventures. As the theatrical poster implies, the title of the movie refers to a scene in the film in which the lead character is caught masturbating with a pie after earlier being told that "third base" feels "like warm apple pie". It was a box-office hit and spawned two direct sequels: American Pie 2 in 2001, American Wedding in 2003. Singer Don McLean was credited for allowing the name of his hit song to be used as the title.

This film ranked number 49 on Bravo's "100 Funniest Movies", and ranked number 22 on Entertainment Weekly's list of the 50 Best High School Movies. In 2000, readers of Total Film magazine voted American Pie the 6th greatest comedy film of all time.

Since the conclusion of the American Pie trilogy, featuring the courtship and marriage of Jim Levenstein and Michelle Flaherty, the American Pie name has gone on to be used as an entity similar to National Lampoon. The American Pie entity has spawned three spin-off films: American Pie Presents: Band Camp, which was a direct to video release in 2005, and American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile was released on DVD in December 2006. The latest film, American Pie Presents: Beta House was released in 2007.	



American Pie 2
----------------

Release Date: 10 August 2001
Genre: Comedy | Romance
Rating: 6.2/10 (49,527 votes)
Directed By: James B. Rogers
Cast: Jason Biggs , Chris Klein , Thomas Ian Nicholas , Seann William Scott , Alyson Hannigan , Shannon Elizabeth
Length: 103 Minutes
IMDB Link -> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0252866/

American Pie 2 is the 2001 sequel to the comedy film American Pie, making it the second in the American Pie franchise. It was written by Adam Herz (characters, story, screenplay) and David H. Steinberg (story), and directed by James B. Rogers. The film picks up the story of the four friends from the first film as they reunite during the summer after their first year of college. It was released in the United States on August 10, 2001, and grossed over $145 million in the USA and $142 million overseas on a budget of $30 million. Its sequel is American Wedding (2003).

The story is about the four friends, and their attempts to have the greatest summer party ever at a summer beach house first used by Kevin's older brother four years ago. Kevin is lost without Vicky, and often accidentally makes advances on her even though they are no longer dating. Nadia is coming for the party, and Jim is desperate so he asks Michelle for help with his sexual problems. Stifler invites his younger brother to party, and Finch has yet another meeting with Stifler's mom. Oz is going steady, and has a long distance relationship while his girlfriend who is in Spain, but once again Stifler interrupts the phone sex. The film keeps the same cult status as the first, and also holds true to the idea of piling on risqué scenes one after another. The movie also focuses more on Jim and Michelle, who, when Nadia arrives early, pretend to be in a relationship so she will not expect Jim to have sex (After the incident with "Pussy Palace"). They break the fake relationship off once Jim is ready to sleep with Nadia but Jim, having fallen in love with Michelle, proceeds to turn down Nadia and enter into a relationship with Michelle instead.

The end of the movie shows many of the friends sleeping with familiar (and some not-so familiar) people. Jim is with Michelle and Oz is with Heather, like in the first movie. Sherman gives up on getting anyone, but the rejected Nadia, who wanted Jim because he was a geek, is turned on by his "Sherminator" gimmick, and has sex with him. Stifler ends up with two women he at first thought were lesbians. Kevin doesn't end up with anyone, but he does seem to succeed in getting over Vicky. As for Finch, he spends the night talking with a few girls, but he doesn't sleep with any of them. Soon after, Stifler's mother arrives, and the end of the movie shows her car on the side of the road, with Finch having sex with her.


American Pie 3
----------------

Release Date: 1 August 2003
Genre: Comedy | Romance
Rating: 6.2/10 (37,411 votes)
Directed By: Jesse Dylan
Cast: Jason Biggs , Eddie Kaye Thomas , Thomas Ian Nicholas , Seann William Scott , Alyson Hannigan , Shannon Elizabeth
Lengt: 96 Minutes
IMDB Link -> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0328828/

American Wedding (also known as American Pie: The Wedding outside of America or American Pie 3) is a 2003 sequel to the comedy films American Pie (1999) and American Pie 2 (2001) it is the third film in the American Pie Presents series. It was written by Adam Herz and directed by Jesse Dylan. The story has the friends from the first two films getting together again, this time to celebrate the wedding of Jim (Jason Biggs) and Michelle (Alyson Hannigan).

The film was released in the United States on August 1, 2003, and grossed $104 million in the USA and $123 million overseas on a budget of $55 million. The film is notable for the absences of several of its supporting characters from the first two films, including: Oz (Chris Klein), Sherman (Chris Owen), Heather (Mena Suvari), Vicky (Tara Reid), Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), and Jessica (Natasha Lyonne). This is because the creators of the previous movies noted it was near impossible to create interesting story lines for all of the main characters, exception being the character Oz, who was originally going to be included, but was written out due to scheduling conflicts. It is also the first (and only) film in the series to be shot in a 2.35:1 aspect ratio.


American Pie Presents: Band Camp
----------------------------------

Release Date: 26 December 2005
Genre: Comedy
Rating: 5.0/10 (12,469 votes)
Directed By: Steve Rash
Cast: Tad Hilgenbrink , Arielle Kebbel , Eugene Levy
Length: 87 Minutes
IMDB Link -> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0436058/

American Pie Presents: Band Camp is a 2005 direct-to-video spinoff to the American Pie trilogy of films and the first film in the American Pie Presents series. It was directed by Steve Rash and written by Brad Riddell. The film centers on Matt Stifler (played by Eli Marienthal in the original films), younger brother of Steve Stifler. In this film, Matt (now played by Tad Hilgenbrink) is sent to the infamous band camp, where he meets a young woman and is compelled to change his ways.

It was released on DVD in the UK on October 31, 2005 and in the U.S. on December 26, 2005.

The movie focuses on Matt Stifler, the younger brother of Steve Stifler from the previous American Pie films. Matt is eager to enter the family business of making films, so he can prove to his older brother that he is "up to the standards of the Stifmeister." Stifler and his friends play a prank on the band students during the seniors' graduation ceremony by spraying pepper spray on the mouthpieces of the band's instruments. Matt narrowly escapes getting caught and stows the can of pepper spray in his front pocket, which subsequently leaks onto his genitals. The band members begin to play "Pomp and Circumstance," only to become too irritated by the pepper spray to continue. During the commotion, one of the students trips and pulls down the back curtain, which reveals Matt, who is washing his pepper spray soaked genitals in a drinking fountain, in front of the whole school.

Elyse demands that Stifler be punished for ruining their performance, stating that he always gets away with his pranks because he is the school's star football player. The school's guidance counselor Chuck Sherman ("The Sherminator") decides that a worthwhile punishment would be for Stifler to attend band camp, in the hopes that he would make friends with the bandies and not follow in the footsteps of his much-hated brother. When first arriving, Matt is very disrespectful to the rules and also everyone at Tall Oaks and gets his band group in trouble. Mr Levenstein recommends that he try to fit in and earn the band's trust, this inspires Matt to be much more respectful and humble towards the band, but is only doing it to film them. Matt also finds out that his dorky roommate Ernie has extensive knowledge with spy cameras and technology, so Matt agrees to let him help with the filming, making his first friend at Tall Oaks. As Matt "is earning the band's trust" he gets into a big confrontation with their rival band leader, Brandon and even going as far as to accepting a duel challenge made by him, but having no idea what a duel is.

It turns out that a duel is the two performers showing off their music skills, with Brandon playing the snare drum, and Matt playing the triangle. Throughout the majority of the competition it seems that Brandon is the heavy favourite, during Brandon's second round of performing, Matt walks away humiliated. As Brandon is about to be declared the official winner Matt comes back playing the bagpipes and showing that he is actually a decent player, surprising everyone including Elyse, who is pleasantly surprised.

As Matt is still recording the various happenings at the camp, he gradually becomes friends with some of the band members from his school, gains respect, and even starts falling for Elyse, who is revealed to have been a friend of Matt's in 8th grade but had a falling out after Matt started hanging around with Steve and his friends and acting like The Stifmeister. Matt is eventually caught with his movies, and his once-friends want nothing more to do with him.

After talking with Mr. Levenstein (Jim's father), camp MACRO (Morale and Conflict Resolution Officer), Matt learns that the people that Steve thought were his friends really did not like him very much. Levenstein believes that people want to like Matt, but he makes it impossible by trying to be like his brother. This is confirmed when Matt later asks Sherman, "Did everybody hate my brother?" to which he responds with a rather sad nod.

Matt comes to realize that his brother is not as great or cool as he once thought and that following in his footsteps is not a good idea, so he deletes all the videos he recorded at band camp. He even enlists the help of the band to help Elyse get the band scholarship that Stifler accidentally made her lose in the final days of band camp.

To make it up to Elyse, Matt decides to pull the whole band together to get Elyse's scholarship. Matt writes up a forged letter on his computer and sends it to Elyse's house. Elyse gets the letter when she is with her friend Chloe. The next scene you see Elyse getting dropped off at Robards (the scholarship school) by fellow band member Oscar. When Elyse gets to the front desk she is told by the lady at the desk that the letter she has is a fake.

When Elyse turns around and hears bagpipes, she shouts out "STIFLER" in outrage. The camera then moves in to Matt who is playing the bagpipes, and the rest of the band is revealed start playing the song that Elyse wrote. When Dr Choie and her assistant come out to see what the noise is about she mistakenly believes that the entire event had been orchestrated by Elyse and is sufficiently impressed to give her the scholarship.

Elyse then thanks Matt and hugs him, who in turn gives back Elyse her piccolo which he'd thought was a dildo. They then kiss.

In the scene depicting sex with an oboe, and in all instances it is referenced as an oboe, this is not correct, as an English horn, the oboe's larger cousin pitched a perfect fifth lower in F, is actually seen on screen instead.


American Pie Presents The Naked Mile
---------------------------------------

Release Date: 19 December 2006
Genre: Comedy
Rating: 5.0/10 (9,941 votes)
Directed By: 5.0/10 (9,941 votes)
Cast: John White , Jessy Schram , Steve Talley
Length: 97 Minutes
IMDB Link -> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0808146/

American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile is a 2006 comedy film released directly to DVD on December 19, 2006. After the commercial success of the direct-to-DVD production, American Pie Presents: Band Camp, Universal Studios Home Entertainment decided to produce another sequel to the American Pie film. This film is the second in the American Pie Presents series, and fifth in the overall American Pie series.

The Naked Mile of the title refers to a real event that was carried out annually by students of the University of Michigan until 2004.[3] University of Michigan's naked mile traditionally occurred on the last day of classes each school year. The participants, mostly senior students, would run or bike a pre-designed course through campus while partially or entirely nude. The last "Naked Mile" was in 2004 after the University worked hard to end the tradition through arrests and threats to students who ran. Participation in the event also reportedly suffered as it attracted the attention of internet pornography operations.




American Pie Presents Beta House
----------------------------------

Release Date: 26 December 2007
Genre: Comedy
Rating: 5.4/10 (7,971 votes)
Directed By: Andrew Waller
Cast: John White , John White , Eugene Levy
IMDB Link -> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0974959/

American Pie Presents: Beta House is a 2007 comedy film that was shot in Toronto and Hamilton (some scenes at McMaster University), Ontario. This film is the third in the American Pie Presents series, and sixth in the overall American Pie series

"Beta House" reunites most of the The Naked Mile cast and places them in the college setting, working to defend Dwight Stifler's (Steve Talley) Beta Delta Xi (???) Fraternity against rival fraternity Epsilon Sigma Kappa (?S?). While defending the house, Erik Stifler's (John White) new love, Ashley (Meghan Heffern), feels that the fraternity is nothing but trouble.

"Beta House" picks up where the Naked Mile left off. Erik and Cooze are attending their first year at college, and Dwight Stifler brings the boys into the Beta fraternity. In this film Erik is no longer with Tracy, his girlfriend in the last film, she has left him for Trent and is not in the film. The boys go through a long list of trials to get into the Beta fraternity. They end up being challenged by the GEEKs for their house to end their feud once and for all. Dwight wants to put an end to the Geeks who keep messing with the Beta traditions. In the end the Beta house beats the GEEKs and take their mansion house making them the dominant house once again. Mr. Levenstein is Dwight's lawyer and a former Beta, so he makes his appearance in the film.