Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Imma Star (Everywhere We Are)" is a song by American recording artist Jeremih. It is the second single from his debut album, Jeremih. The music video was released in July 2009 and was directed by Marc Klasfeld.

The "Imma Star (Everywhere We Are)" video features Jeremih searching for a job and going around town to impress others, in attempts to show he's rich, he fails and other are disgusted by him. In the end, Jeremih is jokingly just having a dream and wakes in a very large mansion.

Jeremih is the eponymous debut album by American recording artist Jeremih, released on June 30, 2009, under Def Jam Recordings. It debuted at number six on the Billboard 200, selling 59,000 copies in its first week.

Jeremih Felton, who performs under the mononym Jeremih (pronounced /dʒɛrɛmaɪ/), is an American recording artist and producer. Signed to Def Jam Recordings, Jeremih's debut single, "Birthday Sex", peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100. His self-titled debut album, Jeremih, debuted at number six on the Billboard 200, selling 59,000 copies in its first week.

Jeremih released his debut single, "Birthday Sex", in early 2009 and peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100. His eponymous debut album, Jeremih, was released in June 2009 under Def Jam; it debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 and sold 59,000 copies in its first week. In promotion of the album, Jeremih took part in America's Most Wanted Tour, alongside Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy and Soulja Boy Tell 'Em. The second single, "Imma Star (Everywhere We Are)", has peaked at number 51 on the Billboard Hot 100.

In August 2009, Jeremih was selected by Ron Huberman and Mayor Richard Daley of the Chicago Public Schools (CPS) to campaign children to return to school. Community activists protested and demanded CPS to undo their decision, claiming that Jeremih's music was "not appropriate for students" and "promotes teen sex". Huberman argued that "school officials would be naive to pretend students don't listen to Felton's music already". Daley also argued that recording artists have the freedom of speech, noting that Jeremih was "a young man, [with a] back-to-school message, a young man who has had great success recording, producer, going to school, went to public school". In September 2009, Jeremih performed on ABC Daytime's soap opera One Life to Live, alongside recording artist Lionel Richie. The two performed "Just Go", a song from Richie's album with the same title.


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

