 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51tBKhaqIcL.jpg


Title: Christmas with You (Extra Track)
Artist: Rick Springfield
Audio CD (November 6, 2007) 
Original Release Date: 2007
Number of Discs: 1
Genre: Christmas
Format: Free Lossless Audio Codec


Track Listing:

01. Christmas With You
02. The First Noel
03. Hark The Herald Angels Sing
04. Whiat Child Is This
05. God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen
06. It Came Upon a Midnight Clear
07. Away in a Manager
08. O Come All Ye Faithful
09. Carol of the Bells
10. Do You Hear What I Hear
11. I'll Be Home for Christmas
12. Silent Night
13. Oh Little Town of Bethlehem
14. I Saw Three Ships
15. Deck the Halls (With Boughs of Longboards) 
16. White Christmas


Amazon Review:
For all lovers of Traditional Christmas Music, this is an amazing album. It's filled with warm and traditional carols. With Rick's rich voice and subtle backgrounds, it really gives a wonderful feeling of Christmas. The title track, Christmas With You, is dedicated to all the fallen troops who served our country. It hits home to anyone who has had to celebrate a holiday away from those they love. There are 2 instrumental sons in the album as well, and they give this album a little something different. Recommend it to all those who are lookin gfor a little Christmas spirit heading their way. 

Allmusic Review:
It seems that any veteran recording artist eventually winds up recording their own holiday album, so it makes perfect sense that Rick Springfield finally got around to releasing his own in 2007 with Christmas with You. Apart from the original title song, Springfield relies on standards here, with traditional carols far outweighing relatively recent secular holiday tunes; in fact, only "I'll Be Home for Christmas" can qualify in the latter category. Springfield not only sticks to the classics, he gives many of these spare, baroque acoustic treatments that emphasize their folk origin. These stark arrangements combined with the clean production can give Christmas with You almost a new age feel, but Springfield's raspy voice prevents this from getting spacy, and he does cut loose on a surf music version of "Deck the Halls" (thereby earning the subtitle "With Boughs of Longboards") and gives "I'll Be Home for Christmas" a bit of a goofy doo wop feel. The album could use just a little bit more of this dose of fun, but in its measured, inventive way, Christmas with You is far from the standard holiday album, and it's hard not to admire that Springfield opted for something different on his Christmas record than the same warm, toasty arrangements of the same songs that show up on most seasonal albums by veteran artists.