Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Flick of the Switch" is a single by the Australian rock band AC/DC, from the album Flick of the Switch, released in 1983. It was written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young, and Brian Johnson.

It was released as a single only in certain territories, mainly Australia, Canada and the United States.

The music video for the song "Flick of the Switch" was done in a similar format to the music videos for the album Back in Black. In some cases, but not all, the video starts with a short clip from a rehearsal tape of the band that shows Angus practicing dance moves for his onstage striptease while one of the band members, presumably Brian Johnson, sings in the background and the rest of the band laugh. The music then starts and the video proceeds to show the band playing the song inside of what was later revealed to be a closed up airplane hangar, surrounded by amplifiers with the AC/DC logo painted on them.

Said Malcolm Young later of the simple approach to the video, "We basically told the film crew, 'We'll be playing – you film. Walk around the band – do whatever the f*** you want. We just want it done today'."

Drummer Phil Rudd had left the band by the time the video was recorded, and his replacement Simon Wright is featured instead.

Flick of the Switch is the ninth album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, recorded shortly after their European Tour at the beginning of 1983. The album was originally released in the United States on 15 August 1983. The album was self-produced by AC/DC and reached No. 4 in UK and No. 15 in the US. Though considered a disappointment when released, in comparison to the three massively successful albums which preceded it (Highway To Hell, Back In Black and For Those About to Rock We Salute You), the album has been certified platinum by the RIAA.

On the recorded commentary on the album for the Live at Donington DVD, the band states the album was an attempt to make the band raw again, and while they were happy with the result, the album became known as one of their biggest flops, however Malcolm and Angus still consider the album an achievement and still stand by it.

After having problems with rhythm guitarist Malcolm Young, drummer Phil Rudd was fired midway through the album's recording sessions, although he had completed his drum parts. Session drummer B.J. Wilson was hired to help complete the recording if needed, but his contributions were not used. The drum position was eventually filled by future Dio drummer Simon Wright. Wright appeared in the videos for "Flick of the Switch", "Nervous Shakedown", and Guns For Hire. He also toured for the album, and is seen in the pro-shot video recordings from that period. Rudd returned to the band in 1994.

The album was re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC remasters series.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/