Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:06:54

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1498 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.13 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : Microsoft PCM Format
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 1536 Kbps


"Rhiannon" is a single released by Fleetwood Mac in 1976. The song was the song written by Stevie Nicks for the band.

"Rhiannon" was voted #488 in The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time by Rolling Stone magazine. Its U.S. chart peak was in June 1976, when it hit #11. It reached #46 in the UK singles chart after re-release in 1976.

The song is always referred to as simply "Rhiannon" on Fleetwood Mac albums. The suffixed title "Rhiannon (Will You Ever Win)" was only used on singles in certain territories.

Live performances of the song were sometimes prefaced with Nicks saying, "This is a song about an old Welsh witch."

Nicks discovered Rhiannon through a novel called Triad, by Mary Leader. The novel is about a woman named Branwen, who is possessed by another woman named Rhiannon. There is mention of the Welsh legend of Rhiannon in the novel, but the characters in the novel bear little resemblance to their original Welsh namesakes (both Rhiannon and Branwen are major female characters in the medieval Welsh prose tales of the Mabinogi).

Nicks bought the novel in an airport just before a long flight and thought the name was so pretty that she wanted to write something about a girl named Rhiannon. She wrote "Rhiannon" in 1974, three months before joining Fleetwood Mac, and has claimed it took 10 minutes to write.

After writing the song, Nicks learned that Rhiannon was a euhemerised Welsh goddess, and was amazed that the haunting song lyrics applied to the Welsh Rhiannon as well. Nicks researched the Mabinogion story and began work on a Rhiannon project, unsure of whether it would become a movie, a musical, a cartoon, or a ballet. There are several "Rhiannon Songs" from this unfinished project including "Stay Away" and "Maker of Birds". Nicks wrote the Fleetwood Mac song "Angel" based on the Rhiannon story.

Nicks avoided wearing black clothing for "about two years" in an effort to distance herself from the witchcraft and dark arts associations surrounding her as a result of the lyrics to "Rhiannon" giving fans the wrong impression.

Fleetwood Mac is an album released by the British/American band Fleetwood Mac in 1975. It was the band's second eponymous album; the first being their 1968 album.

The album peaked at number one on the Billboard charts, and set a record for most weeks on the chart before reaching the top position (broken in 1989, when Paula Abdul's Forever Your Girl took 64 weeks to reach #1). It sold 4.5 million copies and launched three Top Twenty singles: "Over My Head", "Rhiannon" and "Say You Love Me", the last two falling just short of the Top Ten, both at #11. This is also the first album to feature both Lindsey Buckingham as guitarist and Stevie Nicks as vocalist, after Bob Welch departed the band late in 1974. Sales 2009 13xplatinum RIAA second most popular title.

Until the release of this album, Fleetwood Mac's albums generally sold around 200,000 - 250,000 copies a piece. This album helped launch them as musical superstars with an almost constant radio presence (which would be continued with their even more popular follow-up, Rumours). In 2003, the album was ranked number 183 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/