Title: Les Ames Grises
Year: 2005 
Country: France
Language: French
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 699 MB 
Genre: Drama
Runtime: 106 min
Aspect ratio: Widescreen 1.85:1
Resolution: 576x304 - 25fps
Bitrates: 124 kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: MP3
Directed by: Yves Angelo
Starring: Jean-Pierre Marielle ... Pierre-Ange Destinat
          Jacques Villeret ... Le juge Mierck
          Denis Podalydès ... Le policier
          Marina Hands ... Lysia Verhareine
          Michel Vuillermoz ... Le maire
          Serge Riaboukine ... Bourrache


IMDB Link:            
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0431493/

Synopis: East of France, December 1917. In a village situated close to the front but protected from it by a hillside, the body of Belle de Jour, a little girl, is found by the canal. Judge Mierck, assisted by an Colonel Matzev representing the Armed Forces, investigates the case in his own way. The fact that the young victim's corpse lies a few yards from the manor of Destinat, the withdrawn, haughty-looking district attorney, who has always despised and humiliated him, doesn't escape him. To make matters worse, a witness has seen the magistrate not only talking with Belle but patting her cheek as well minutes before the little girl was strangled. But vengeance is one thing and class privilege another...

The almost surreal and thrilling atmosphere, the mysterious labyrinth of fate, the brutality of the facts and the suavity of a choice poetry, the weirdness, the bizarre air, the flux of strangeness; also the skill, the craft, the science of delivering an exquisite show of ambiguity and bitterness …. Within the today cinema's context, these things are absolutely extraordinary. Grey Souls is a delicious film. Implausibly well acted (by a Marielle who keeps looking very old of so many years now …, and a ferocious, zoomorphic, no less able Villeret in one of his best roles ever).



THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLES IN ENGLISH AND FRENCH.


Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can\'t without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ			