Men of War [RUS][1C] 2010 TRiViUM


                                 Men of War (c) 1C
                            *Offline Activation KeyGen*

                      RELEASE DATE .................. : 08/2010          
                      RELEASE SiZE .................... : 1 rar          
                      PROTECTiON ........ : StarForce 5.70 + OA          

                                   RELEASE NOTES

             Men of War takes place in Europe and North Africa during    
             the height of World War II, the story unfolding across      
             three different campaigns played out through the eyes of    
             Soviet, Allied and German soldiers. Each campaign has its   
             own scenario and structured timeline bringing a different   
             story of the war to life.                                   
                                                                         
             The main Soviet campaign sees two student comrades,         
             Smirnov and Kuznetzov, join the army and quickly become     
             brothers in arms as they rise through the ranks and         
             experience the rigours of war. The whole story unfolds      
             across three campaigns, with five German and five Allied    
             misssions completing the trilogy, each telling a different  
             story of WWII spanning across Russia, North Africa,         
             Ukraine, Greece, Germany, Italy and the Pacific.            
                                                                         
             Men of War will feature no less than twenty new units to    
             play with, including new designs on tanks, APCs and heavy   
             guns. Dynamic in-game video enhances the single player      
             missions, while the sounds of war have been given new       
             range with over one hundred new sound effects of weapons    
             and combat gear, recorded under real operating conditions.  
             The single player campaign will also feature a fully        
             customisable user interface, so players are able to have    
             their command layout just as they please.                   
                                                                         
             In addition to the in-depth single player experience, Men   
             of War also unleashes all new multiplayer maps along with   
             new 'capture the flag' and 'high-value cargo' modes, all    
             faithfully recreated with stunning graphics and refined     
             AI. A new rating system has also been introduced to         
             ensure a fair fight in online multiplayer battles.          
                                                                         
                                                                         
             Features:                                                   
                                                                         
              - Three evolving storylines in the Soviet, Allied and      
                German armies, comprising 19 missions in 3 campaigns     
              - 5 bonus missions for different sides of the conflict     
              - More than 50 new units to use in multiplayer mode        
              - Realistic models of armament and military equipment      
                recreated in accordance with design drawings and         
                historical documents                                     
              - System of ratings and statistics for every               
                participant in multiplayer mode                          
              - New nation in multiplayer mode - Japan (comes with a     
                free patch)                                              
              - Revised controls interface - customizable and easier     
                to use                                                   
              - New multiplayer maps and 2 new game modes                
              - Highly detailed WWII environments and characters         
                faithfully recreated with a cutting-edge graphics        
                engine                                                   
              - Direct control system. Take over the control of every    
                single soldier, or drive tanks and other vehicles, set   
                up ambushes with antitank guns and blow your enemies     
                up with precise and deadly aimed shots at their weak     
                spots                                                    

                                   iNSTALL NOTES

                    - Unpack                                      
                    - Install the game                            
                    - Update the game to version 1.17.5.0 (optional)     
                    - Use our keygen to activate game in offline mode    
                    - Feel the power of TRiViUM :>                       

                                    GROUP NOTES

                          Greetz to Protection Technology


-------------------------------------------------------------------

all the useful information in the file trivium.nfo and 

              
http://peerat.ru:8080/forum/viewtopic.php?t=2316


-------------------------------------------------------------------

