Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"¿Qué Tengo Que Hacer?" (What Do I Have to Do) is the third single by Daddy Yankee from the soundtrack Talento de Barrio released on January 19, 2009. The remix was released in March. Daddy Yankee uses the Auto-tune effect in his verse. Also in the Remix Jowell & Randy use the Auto-tune effect with Daddy Yankee.

The music video features Daddy Yankee singing on a tropical beach in St. Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands. Beautiful scenery and beautiful women serve as a backdrop for the video. The video for the remix features scenes from the original video with new scenes featuring Jowell & Randy.

Ramón Ayala (born February 3, 1977), better known by his stage name Daddy Yankee, is a Latin Grammy Award winning Puerto Rican reggaeton recording artist. Ayala was born in Río Piedras, the largest district of San Juan, where he became interested in music at a young age. In his youth he was interested in baseball, and aspired to become a Major League Baseball player and was going to the Major Leagues after trying out for Seattle. He was unable to continue this sport when he was shot in one of his legs, leaving him unable to walk correctly. After receiving lessons from several artists within the genre, he developed an independent career, first recording in a production titled Playero 37. After this he began to produce independent albums. Ayala released his first solo album, No Mercy (1995). He subsequently formed a duo with Nicky Jam, and then continued his solo career with the releases of El Cartel (1998) and El Cartel II (2001). This led him to be one of the pioneers of the Reggaeton genre. Daddy Yankee is the only Reggaeton singer to have a two song on the 24 which was Rompe and 32 which was Gasolina.

In 2002, El Cangri.com became Ayala's first album with international success, receiving coverage in the markets of New York and Miami. His third studio album, Barrio Fino (2004), received numerous awards, including a Premio Lo Nuestro and a Latin Billboard, as well as receiving nominations for the Latin Grammy and MTV Video Music Awards. In 2007, El Cartel Records released El Cartel: The Big Boss, which was ranked as the top-selling album in Latin music genres and also embarked on an international tour which broke attendance records in Ecuador and Bolivia. The tremendous success of Barrio Fino may have led to the Reggaeton explosion in the early 2000's which resulted in many Hip-Hop artists featuring Reggaeton artists. His performances have appeared on more than 70 albums, including compilations such as Blin Blin Vol. 1 (2003) and Mas Flow 2 (2005). Outside of his work as a musician, Ayala has also worked as an actor and producer. Throughout his career, he has been generally reticent to discuss his personal life, but has publicly expressed the importance of his wife and children to him.

This video is in Spanish.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

