I take no credit for cracking this application. I found it after a long search through the internets. 

Great software!

-----------------------------------------------------

Overview

HomeSeer HSPRO is an advanced home automation and remote access software package that is designed to integrate the major systems of any home.   With HSPRO, you can control and monitor lighting, appliances, security, HVAC, telephone and home theater all from one central point... and you can do so by computer, remote control, touchscreen, PDA, telephone, the internet or by voice!*

The MOST User Interfaces Available
How would YOU like to control YOUR home? With HSPRO , there are many options to choose from including touchscreens, wireless remotes, in-wall push-button controllers, by voice (microphone & telephone) or Microsoft Windows Media Center. Install as few or as many as you like to meet your needs. With HomeSeer, your choice is never limited!
	
Touchscreen PCs and Monitors

Touchscreen PCs and monitors provide a fun and fast way for users to access and control their homes. The HSPRO Software is shipped with our HSTouch touchscreen design system. This allows you to create custom screens for Windows, Windows CE, the iPhone/iPod touch, and linux systems. Other professional grade interface packages are also supported.
	
In-Wall "Scene" Controllers

HSPRO is designed to work with scene controllers from many manufacturers based on hard-wired, wireless and powerline technologies. Buttons can be easily configured to control devices directly or execute automation 'events'.
	
Microsoft Windows Media Center (MCE)

Microsoft Windows Media Center users can now access and control their homes with HSPRO using the Media Center Interface and their Media Center remote controls. Rooms, Devices and Events may all be controlled through Media Ctr.
	
Remote and Local Web Control

HSPRO includes a complete web-based PC interface that may be accessed by any PC connected to the home network or to the internet. Homeowners and installers can monitor and control homes from anywhere in the world!
	
Voice Control by Microphone and Telephone

HSPRO is one of the only automation programs available that's designed to work with voice recognition! Support is included for open air room microphones (like the VoiceTracker™), headsets and via telephone (with the Way2Call interfaces).
	
Wireless Remote Control

Attach an infrared interface and HSPRO may be controlled by conventional infrared (IR) remotes. Radio Frequency (RF) remotes designed for use in Z-Wave and X10 networks are also supported.
	
PDA / PocketPC Control

HSPRO includes a built-in webserver and special web interface for small browser-enabled devices like PDAs and PocketPCs; perfect for travelers and vacationers wishing to monitor and control their homes remotely! Our included HSTouch software allows you to create custom intefaces for the iPhone/iPod Touch as well as Windows Mobile devices.
 
Control Lighting & Appliances

HomeSeer works with 'powerline', 'hard-wired' and 'wireless' technologies for total lighting and appliance control.  Homeowners can use easy to install plug-in hardware modules (for table or floor lamps) or built-in modules such as wall switches and outlet receptacles.  Lighting 'scenes' may be created with precise dimming levels to suit activities, moods and changing light conditions within the home.
Requires: PC interface, lamp / appliances modules or wall switches
 
Control Security

Connect HomeSeer to your security system and supercharge it's capabilities!  With HomeSeer, security alerts can turn all your home's lights on, announce an intruder, shut down your HVAC system, email you at work, call your cell phone, display camera views on your TV or trigger any number of events within the home.  And, because HomeSeer is web-enabled, you'll be able to monitor and control all security activities remotely.
Requires: Open-interface security system, HomeSeer plug-ins or scripting
 
Control HVAC

Programmable thermostats have been available for many years but they're all limited to just a number of 'timed' events.  By adding a HomeSeer-controlled thermostat, here are just a few of the things you'll be able to do: 1) Raise or lower the thermostat when your security system is armed or disarmed; 2) Receive an email or phone call when the temperature goes above or below specified temps; 3) Turn your A/C on by cell phone on your way home; 4) Shut down your HVAC system when fire or smoke detectors are triggered.
Requires: Open-interface thermostat, HomeSeer plug-ins or scripting
 
Control Telephone 

Here are just a few of the things you can do with a HomeSeer-powered telephone system: 1) Dial by voice; 2) Create message 'boxes' for the whole family; 3) Automatically email messages as MP3 attachments; 4) Use voice commands to control HomeSeer from any telephone in the house... or in the world! 5) Listen to your messages over the internet! 6) have HomeSeer phone when anything special happens in your home.
Requires: HomeSeer Phone software, specialized modem
 
Control Home Theater

Complete audio and video control are close at hand!  Use HomeSeer to control TV, DVD, VCR, Cable, Dish and Stereo systems. HomeSeer also supports Microsoft Windows Media Center (MCE) 2005, Windows Media Player 9 & 10 and other popular media players.  Add a wireless touchpanel to your coffee table and you'll have the latest in home theater control!
Requires: IR controller, HomeSeer plug-ins or scripting