Return To Paradise 1998

This is a great DVD rip to XVID of Return to Paradise (1998 Film) at 700MB. I follow the (PAKG) guide to rip like aXXo with ALL my rips so be assured of the quality. This is a rare and wonderful film that is hard to find a good torrent of on the net. 
I have downloaded other rips of this film such as the rip at this link: http://www.kickasstorrents.com/return-to-paradise-avi-t167441.html
and it is terrible! The quality is terrible and the aspect ratio is completely off. 
Another rip here:
Is 1.3GB but on 2CDs and is dubbed in two languages. Unwatchable!
The only real, good copy out there is rip of the DVD vob files, shrunk to fit a DVDR and is 4.29GB which is way too big.(Link to this rip here: http://www.kickasstorrents.com/return-to-paradise-1998-joaquin-phoenix-anne-heche-vince-vaug-t2909643.html

So I made this high quality rip of Return To Paradise, to XVID at 700MB. Please SEED and get this rip going! It is the best on the net so far!

FYI: You will notice the wonderful cinematography in this film supposedly set in Malaysia. Those shots were taken in Thailand, some of the interior of the prison in New York, and the airport in Macau.  

IMBD Number: tt0124595

Cast:  
	Vince Vaughn ... John \'Sheriff\' Volgecherev
	Anne Heche ... Beth Eastern
	Joaquin Phoenix ... Lewis McBride
	David Conrad ... Tony Croft
	Vera Farmiga ... Kerrie
	Nick Sandow ... Ravitch
	Jada Pinkett Smith ... M.J. Major

Plot: Three friends share an exciting vacation in Malaysia, full of fun, drinks, women and hash. When the vacation is over, each have dreams of continuing their lives, and they all go their separate ways. One of them (Phoenix) remains on the tropical paradise to fulfill a dream of working with apes for research. Two years later, a lawyer (Heche) comes to New York and hunts down the other two friends to give some sad news. A few days after they left the island, police raided their camp and found amazingly large quantities of hash left about. Phoenix was still residing there, so he had to take the blame. He is set to be put to death in 8 days, and the only way the charges can be decreased is if the two friends come back to paradise and take their share of the responsibility. If they do, they both will spend three years in prison. If only one does, he will spend six years behind bars... Written by R.P. Falvey

SEED TILL YOU BLEED!
No Leaching! Do Not DOWNLOAD IF YOU WILL NOT SEED!
Thank you, Please comment…
vladtepes3176
