Genre:
Horror 
Tagline:
Evil has a new address... Yours!
Plot:
A young serial killer preys on families during lightning storms.



	Eric Peter-Kaiser	... 	Jack Riley

	Michele Morrow	... 	Karen Cook

	Sam Skoryna	... 	Chris Watts
	Lynn Lowry	... 	Mrs. Riley

	Noel Gugliemi	... 	Detective Anderson

	Kelly Ryan	... 	Margie Caffola

	Tiffany Shepis	... 	Officer Armando

	Nic Nac	... 	Ted The Delivery Man

	Nathan Bexton	... 	The Manager

	Billy Morrison	... 	Detective Beck

	Joel Brooks	... 	Officer Wytynek

	Mark Elias	... 	Ryan

	Ben Tolpin	... 	Newscaster Don Drury

	Kim Knight	... 	Tracy Caffola

	Kyle Sanders	... 	Young Jack

	Anna-Marie Wayne	... 	Laverne

	Miriam Korn	... 	(voice)

	M. Steven Felty	... 	Sgt. Pignataro

	Amanda Normington	... 	Pam Wytynek

	Michael Patrick Breen	... 	Mr. O'Donnell
	Jack Sanderson	... 	Robert Caffola
	Joshua Lou Friedman	... 	Detective Barmack

	Les Mahoney	... 	Detective

	Matt Santoro	... 	Detective Mathieson

	Teri Pluma	... 	Mrs. O'Donnell

	Monica Alvarez	... 	Neighbor
	Dakota Carter	... 	Mark Caffola

	Julianne Bianchi	... 	Mrs. Cook
	Silvio Fama	... 	Mr. Cook
	Aaron Borghello	... 	Police Officer 2 (as Aaron Borghel)

	Kyle Loethen	... 	Rick Green
	John Skoryna	... 	Karl
	James Williams	... 	Nick Cook



Basement Jack scared the daylights out of me, 5 May 2008
8/10
Author: intoflicks from United States

I caught the premiere of this film at the Fangoria Convention in Los Angeles and I'm glad I did. It was interesting how they got into the thoughts of the serial killer. This just wasn't a guy with a knife killing teens in the woods. Technically this indie movie was as good as any Hollywood film. The acting was okay. The actress that played the mother was really scary. There are some nice kills in the movie. The story had great twists on the usual slasher stuff and my friend kept quoting one line from the movie "Stabbing a person is just rude!" Basement Jack is definitely as cool as Jason, Michael and Freddy. I stayed for the Q & A afterwards, which I never do, and found the filmmakers were very friendly and informative. I hope this comes to DVD soon. All true horror fans will like Basement Jack. 