Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Rattle and Hum is the name of both an album and a companion motion picture recorded by Irish rock band U2. Both were released in 1988.

The album, which was made following the band's 1987 Joshua Tree Tour, is a mix of live recordings, covers, and new songs. To a greater extent than their previous album, The Joshua Tree, the band explores roots rock, and incorporates elements of blues-rock, folk rock, and country. The film documents the band's Joshua Tree Tour of the United States and the band's experiences with American music. Although the album and motion picture were intended to represent the band paying tribute to rock legends, critics said that U2 were trying to place themselves amongst the ranks of these artists.

The album opens with a live cover of The Beatles' "Helter Skelter." Its inclusion on the album was intended by the band to reflect the confusion of The Joshua Tree Tour and their new found superstar status. Bono's introduction of the song—"this song Charles Manson stole from The Beatles...we're stealing it back"—was interpreted as U2 claiming to be the new Beatles.

Bono said "Hawkmoon 269" was in part as a tribute to writer Sam Shepard, who had released a book entitled Hawk Moon. Bono also said that the band mixed the song 269 times. This was thought to be a joke for years until it was recently confirmed by The Edge in U2 by U2, who said that they spent three weeks mixing the song. He also conflicted Bono's assertion about Shepard, saying that Hawkmoon came from a section of a town in the midwestern United States.

A live version of Bob Dylan's "All Along the Watchtower", which can be seen as a dual tribute to Dylan and to Jimi Hendrix, who popularized the song with his own blistering rendition. Aside from the covers, a couple of songs were written for other artists. "Angel of Harlem" is a vivacious, horn-filled tribute to Billie Holiday. The bass-heavy "God Part II" is an introduction to the Achtung Baby sound, and is a sequel of sorts to John Lennon's "God", his stark denunciation of everything from Elvis Presley to Jesus Christ.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

