Metallica - ReLoad (1997) [LOSSLESS FLAC][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]



Metallica - Reload


by RDaneel








[::Album Information::]

Title: Reload
Years: 1997
Genre: Heavy Metal
Production: Vertigo



[::Tracklist::]


1. Fuel - 4:30
2. The Memory Remains - 4:39
3. Devil's Dance - 5:19
4. The Unforgiven II - 6:36
5. Better than You - 5:22
6. Slither - 5:13
7. Carpe Diem Baby - 6:12
8. Bad Seed - 4:05
9. Where the Wild Things Are - 6:54
10. Prince Charming - 6:05
11. Low Man's Lyric - 7:37
12. Attitude - 5:16
13. Fixxxer - 8:15



[::Review::]

Metallica is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1981. Founded when drummer Lars Ulrich posted an advertisement in a local newspaper, Metallica's line-up has primarily consisted of Ulrich, rhythm guitarist and vocalist James Hetfield, and lead guitarist Kirk Hammett, while going through a number of bassists. Currently, the spot is held by Robert Trujillo.
Metallica's early releases included fast tempos, instrumentals, and aggressive musicianship that placed them as one of the "big four" of the thrash metal subgenre alongside Slayer, Megadeth, and Anthrax during the genre's development into a popular style. The band earned a growing fan base in the underground music community and critical acclaim, with the 1986 release Master of Puppets described as one of the most influential and "heavy" thrash metal albums. The band achieved substantial commercial success with Metallica (1991), which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. With this release the band expanded its musical direction resulting in an album that appealed to a more mainstream audience.
In 2000, Metallica was among several artists who filed a lawsuit against Napster for sharing the band's copyright-protected material for free without the band members' consent. A settlement was reached, and Napster became a pay-to-use service. Despite reaching number one on the Billboard 200, the release of St. Anger alienated many fans with the exclusion of guitar solos and the "steel-sounding" snare drum. A film titled Some Kind of Monster documented the recording process of St. Anger.
Metallica has released nine studio albums, two live albums, two EPs, twenty-four music videos, and forty-five singles. The band has won nine Grammy Awards, and has had five consecutive albums debut at number one on the Billboard 200, making Metallica the only band, other than the Dave Matthews Band, to do so. The band's 1991 album, Metallica, has sold over 15 million copies in the United States, and 22 million copies worldwide, which makes it the 25th-highest-selling album in the country. The band has sold an estimated 100 million records worldwide as of the release of their latest album, Death Magnetic. As of September 2008, Metallica is the fourth highest-selling music artist since the SoundScan era began tracking sales on May 25, 1991, selling a total of 51,136,000 albums in the United States alone.

ReLoad

ReLoad is the seventh album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released November 18, 1997. The album is a direct sequel or counterpart to the band's previous album, Load. Drummer Lars Ulrich stated that: "it's the second half of Load. It's just coming out a year-and-a-half later." To date, the album has sold over 4 million copies in the US,and is certified Gold in the UK, having sold over 100,000 copies.
The album consists of material originally written during the writing sessions for the band's previous album, Load. According to drummer Lars Ulrich, the band had initially hoped to release the Load & ReLoad songs as a double album:

We wrote 27 songs for Load and were developing it as a double album. We then got the offer [in January 1996] to play Lollapalooza [that summer] and [decided] we [would] put one record out now with most of the songs that are done and then we [would] come back after a year and finish the rest of them. As far as I'm concerned, you can take any of these songs and interchange them on the two albums. The only fear we had was getting to it quick. We didn't want to leave it lying around for three years and worry about what it would sound like when we came back to it.

ReLoad shares similar artwork with Load - the latter uses Andres Serrano's Blood and Semen III while ReLoad uses his Piss and Blood.
In addition to heavy grooves like "Fuel" and "Devil's Dance," ReLoad continues the experimentation seen on Load, with the use of violin and hurdy gurdy on "Low Man's Lyric" and Marianne Faithfull's haunting vocals on "The Memory Remains." It also contains a sequel of sorts in "The Unforgiven II," referencing a single from 1991's Metallica.
The cover of the album is original artwork depicting urine and blood. It is one of three photographic studies by Andres Serrano created in 1990 by mingling the artist's own urine and bovine blood between two sheets of Plexiglas. As with Load, ReLoad included a booklet containing band photos and select lyrics for each song.
ReLoad would mark the end of a brief, blues-influenced chapter of Metallica. They would again reinvent themselves with St. Anger, Metallica's first studio album in nearly six years (though they did release the compilation/cover album Garage Inc. and the live album S&M in this time). The delay would be brought on by various circumstances such as Hetfield's entrance into rehab and the departure of Jason Newsted from the band in 2001.