Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"My Delirium" is a pop rock song performed by New Zealander musician Ladyhawke. The third track on Ladyhawke's eponymous debut album, the song was released as a single on 8 December 2008. The most commercially successful single of Ladyhawke's to date, "My Delirium" sold over 70,000 copies in Australia, peaked at number 13 on the New Zealand Music Charts, number 8 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart and has reached the Top 50 in UK and Denmark.

The music video for "My Delirium" was directed by Benji Davies and Jim Field, known as Frater. The video starts with Ladyhawke in a roadside motel looking out the window while packing her bags. The video then transitions into an animated picture on the wall, depicting Ladyhawke leaving the motel and driving along a remote desert road in a Ford Thunderbird. As the video continues, the desert road backdrop becomes more unusual, with landmarks such as Mount Rushmore with the heads of cats being passed by, until the bridge, where the car is seen to drive off a cliff and begins to fly. The video then continues with Ladyhawke playing the guitar in watercolour, and driving through space. The video finishes by fading out of the picture and back into the now-empty motel room.

When producing the music video, Frater collaborated with Sarah Larnach, who also drew the album cover for the Ladyhawke album and her singles. Larnach painted nearly all of the background scenes, and the images of Ladyhawke and the car were created using a rotoscope layering technique.

"My Delirium" is Ladyhawke's most commercially successful song to date, having charted higher than both "Paris is Burning" and "Dusk Till Dawn" on the UK, Australian, and New Zealand charts. The song started charting on digital downloads, debuting at number 119 on the UK Singles Chart three weeks before its physical release. The next week it rose 44 places to number 75 with two weeks until its physical release, before continuing to rise to a peak of number 33 on 20 December. In New Zealand, the song debuted at number thirty on February 2, 2009 before peaking at number thirteen in its sixth week on the chart. It was certified Gold on September 13, 2009, selling over 7,500 copies. In Australia, the song peaked at number eight on 1 February after thirteen weeks. It has also been certified Platinum, selling over 70,000 copies. In Denmark, the song peaked at number 36, yet failed to beat "Paris is Burning" on the European charts, which had peaked at 33.

The release of "My Delirium" followed the release of "Dusk Till Dawn", which only managed to chart in the United Kingdom at a peak of number 78. "Paris is Burning" was the most successful release previously, which had been featured on the TV show "Ugly Betty", and peaking at number 40 on the New Zealand charts. Following the release of "My Delirium", "Paris is Burning" was re-released and outperformed its previous chart positions.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

