Free Membership at http://www.torrentkit.com gets you:

* PRIVATE site with HUGE Boxes and FAST Downs!
* Fast pre timings!
* A seeding bonus point system that you can trade for upload credit, and more!
* On-site Casino and Blackjack to earn even more upload credits!
* Awesome Premium Torrent selection, updated weekly!
* A User Friendly Forum and Great Support Staff!

Registrations are open, but only for a limited time!
If you don't sign up now, you'll be begging for an invite later!!!!!!!

You're welcome to come to and register an account at http://www.torrentkit.com


Register Now [b][url=http://www.torrentkit.com/signup.php]www.Torrentkit.com[/url][/b]



-------------------------------------------- Torrent Information -------------------------------------------- 

.                                   
                                
                               
                            
                        
                        
                         
                      
               
                        .CHz.
                           
                       
                                
                                  
                                 
                   
                      
                                         
              
                                                        
                   Cloanto.C64.Forever.Plus.Edition.v2009.1.0.0 

             
                                                        
                               Date.: 11/2009 
                               Disks: 15 * 4,77MB
                          
                           

When the C64 was launched by Commodore in 1982 it immediately set the standard 
for 8-bit home computers. Its low cost, superior graphics, high quality sound 
 and a massive 64 KB of RAM positioned it as the winner in the home computer 
  wars, knocking out competitors from the likes of Atari, Texas Instruments, 
Sinclair, Apple and IBM. Selling over 30 million units and introducing a whole 
  generation to computers and programming, the C64 shook up the video games 
    industry and sparked cultural phenomena such as computer music and the 
     demoscene. In recent years the C64 has enjoyed a spectacular revival 
         manifesting itself once again as a retrocomputing platform. 
     
     
  To allow you to experience and relive the wonders of this unique computer, 
     Cloanto, developers of Commodore/Amiga software since the 1980s, has 
introduced C64 Forever, a revolutionary C64 emulator, preservation and support 
   package. C64 Forever embodies an intuitive player interface, backed by a 
 built-in database containing more than 5,000 C64 game entries, and advanced 
        support for the new RP9 format, dubbed the "MP3 of retrogaming 
     
     
C64 Forever shares the same RetroPlatform family player, database and content 
management components as the very successful Amiga Forever series. As such, it 
also embodies more than 12 years of experience and refinements and a tradition 
             of innovation and long-term continuity and support. 
     
Compared to other solutions for different systems, C64 Forever stands out for 
                    features which include the following: 
     
    Smooth setup: it takes only a few mouse clicks to install and run (no 
                        additional downloads required) 
     
   Intuitive, simple and refined user interface, in which player, content, 
database and search are seamlessly integrated (not a "front end" that launches 
                            an external emulator) 
     
 Built-in RetroPlatform Library database featuring thousands of titles, with 
                                online updates 
     
 As some projects kept adding options year after year, C64 Forever strived to 
  keep options to a minimum, as RetroPlatform components take sophisticated 
                         decisions behind the scenes 
     
   If you know how to use Amiga Forever you are instantly familiar with C64 
                           Forever, and vice versa 
     
 Support for revolutionary RP9 format (one click to play, one file per title, 
     no need to zip or unzip games or manage multiple disk images, etc.) 
     
Support and recognition of other popular disk, tape, cartridge and save state 
 formats, with options to identify uncataloged similar variants (not a simple 
                             "checksum" approach) 
     
    Built-in search-as-you-type for installed content and custom one-click 
             internet search for games and demoscene productions 
     
                    Tested on Windows 7 (both x86 and x64) 
     



            
                                                        
                          1) Unzip, Unrar and install 
                                    
                          2) Register with serial:  
                                    
                             37800-94522-53687-75205 
                                    
                          3) Enjoy