Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Heavy in Your Arms" is a song byact Florence and the Machine. Written by Florence Welch and Paul Epworth, the song was initially recorded and included on the The Twilight Saga: Eclipse soundtrack, but later released as a single on 15 November 2010 in order to promote the re-release of debut album, Lungs.

Welch declared on her website about the inspiration for the song:

    'Heavy In Your Arms' I suppose is about the weight of love, and how sometimes it can be a burden between two people. I felt this was a strong theme in the Twilight series – is someone being rescued or are they being condemned, and is the love you carry bringing you down? I recorded it with Paul one evening, using a lot of strange reversed vocal samples and big hip hop piano. It's basically inspired by 90's hip hop, and gospel choirs, like most of my songs.

Lungs is the debut album by the London-based indie pop band Florence and the Machine, released 6 July 2009 by Island Records. The album debuted at number two on the UK Albums Chart for five weeks after its release, behind The Essential Michael Jackson compilation. On 10 January 2010 the album returned to number two extending its stay at the runner-up spot to six non-consecutive weeks. The following week it reached its new peak position of number one for two consecutive weeks. So far it has spent sixty-five consecutive weeks within the top forty and thirty-three of those inside the top ten. It also peaked at number two for six weeks on the Irish Albums Chart. Lungs was a main contender for the 2009 Mercury Prize and has garnered generally favourable reviews from music critics. Additionally, the album won the MastercardAlbum award at the 2010Awards.

Florence and the Machine recorded Lungs in the United Kingdom with four different producers – Paul Epworth (who has previously worked with several otherartists, including Bloc Party, Maximo Park and Kate Nash), James Ford (who is part of the electro group Simian Mobile Disco), Steve Mackey (former member of Pulp) and newcomer Charlie Hugall. Most of the songs on the album were mixed by Cenzo Townshend. The album is noted for having a much more expansive production than Florence and the Machine's previously recorded demos.

Florence and the Machine (often stylised as Florence + the Machine) is the recording name ofindie rock artist Florence Welch and a collaboration of other artists who provide backing music for her voice. Florence and the Machine's sound has been described as a combination of various genres, including rock and soul. The band's music has received praise across the music media before they gained mainstream success, especially from the BBC who played a large part in Florence and the Machine's rise to prominence by promoting her as part of BBC Introducing.

The band's debut album, Lungs, was released on 6 July 2009, and held the No. 2 position for its first five weeks in the UK Album Chart. On 17 January 2010, the album reached No. 1 on the UK album chart, having remained in the chart for 28 consecutive weeks up until that point. The album has been within the top 40 in the United Kingdom for 65 consecutive weeks, making it one of the best selling albums of 2009 and 2010 so far. At the 2010Awards, Lungs won the "MastercardAlbum" award. Florence and the Machine performed at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/