Copied from Majorgeeks:


Portable Firefox is a fully functional package of Firefox optimized for use on a USB key drive. It has some specially-selected optimizations to make it perform faster and extend the life of your USB key as well as a specialized launcher that will allow most of your favorite extensions to work as you switch computers.
It will also work from a CDRW drive (in packet mode), ZIP drives, external hard drives, some MP3 players, flash RAM cards and more.

This is an unofficial package. It is an official build, but has been modified and a specialized launcher added to make extensions portable.
No warranty is expressed or implied.

To use Firefox on your drive, launch it with the PortableFirefox.exe file in the firefox directory. DO NOT launch the firefox.exe file directly, as this will create a profile on your hard drive or use an existing one.
Additionally, be sure you've closed any local copies of Firefox and that they've finished shutting down. Otherwise, a new window of your local install will be launched. This is a feature of Firefox itself to prevent multiple copies running at the same time.



Copied from Mozilla Firefox Homepage:


Personal


Library

Make your browser as efficient as you can imagine.
Your browsing history (all the websites you’ve seen) and your bookmarks (all the websites you’ve saved) are archived in the Library, where they can be easily searched and organized. You can also save your frequent searches in dynamic smart folders that automatically update as your bookmark list and history grow.


Tags

Label a site with names or categories that are meaningful to you.
For example, you can label the site www.bbc.co.uk with the “news” tag as well as the “foreign investments” tag, plus give www.nytimes.com the “news” tag, too.
When you enter “news” into the location bar, both sites will be shown as results.
A single site can have multiple tags, and there’s no limit to the number of tags you can create. You may not remember the exact name of a site, but with a tag, you’ll be able to find it in a way that makes sense to you.


Smart Location Bar

A quick way to get to the sites you love—even the ones with addresses you only vaguely remember. The new Firefox 3 location bar learns as you use it—it’s so highly evolved that we like to call it the “Awesome Bar”.
Over time, it adapts to your preferences and offers better fitting matches.
Type in a term and the autocomplete function includes possible matching sites from your browsing history, as well as sites you’ve bookmarked and tagged in a drop down. For example, you could enter the tag: “investments” to find “www.fool.com”. Matched terms are highlighted, making the list of results easy to scan.


One-Click Bookmarking

Manage your bookmarks a lot or a little.
One click on the star icon at the end of the location bar bookmarks a site.
Two clicks and you can choose where to save it and whether to tag it.
File bookmarked sites in easy-to-access folders and organize according to theme (like “job search” or “favorite shopping”).
Find your bookmarked sites in a flash by entering the tag, page or bookmark name into the location bar. The more you use your tags and bookmark names in the location bar, the more the system will adapt to your preferences.


Smart Bookmark Folders

These dynamic folders give you easy access to your favorite sites and can be placed in your Bookmarks menu or Bookmarks toolbar.
We’ve included some for you as defaults, including one that shows you the sites you visit most frequently (create your own by saving your searches in the Library).



Security & Privacy


Instant Web Site ID

Want to be extra sure about a site’s legitimacy before you make a purchase?
Click on a site favicon for an instant identity overview.
Another click digs deeper: how many times have you visited?
Are your passwords saved? Check up on suspicious sites, avoid Web forgeries and make sure a site is what it claims to be.


Anti-Malware

Firefox 3 protects you from viruses, worms, trojan horses and spyware.
If you accidentally access an attack site, you’ll receive a full-sized browser message as a warning. A continuously updated list of attack-sites tells us when to stop you from browsing, so there’s nothing for you to update or maintain.


Anti-Phishing

Shop and do business safely on the Internet. Firefox gets a fresh update of web forgery sites 48 times in a day, so if you try to visit a fraudulent site that’s pretending to be a site you trust (like your bank), a browser message—big as life—will stop you.


Parental Controls

Enforce parental control settings you’ve entered on Windows Vista with Firefox 3—stop unwanted downloads and more. Firefox’s intuitive design keeps you from second-guessing your setup.


Anti-Virus Software

Firefox 3 integrates elegantly with your antivirus software.
When you download a file, your computer’s antivirus program automatically checks it to protect you against viruses and other malware, which could otherwise attack your computer. [available in Windows only]


Add-ons

Firefox looks for a secure connection before installing or updating add-ons, 3rd party software, and Personas.


Password Manager

We’ve seamlessly integrated this feature into your surfing experience.
Choose to “remember” site passwords without intrusive pop-ups.
Now you’ll see the “remember password” notification integrated into your view at the top of the site page.

 
Clear Private Data

Clear your private data automatically—with just one click or a keyboard shortcut. Your info is gone for good—on your own computer or the one at your local library. It’s that easy.


Customized Security Settings

Control the level of scrutiny you’d like Firefox to give a site and enter exceptions—sites that don’t need the third degree.
Customize settings for passwords, cookies, loading images and installing add-ons for a fully empowered Web experience.


Automated Update

Our open-source security strategy lets us find—and fix—security issues in record time, making Firefox the safest way to surf.
Install upgrades when you receive automatic notification or wait until you’re ready.


Pop-Up Blocker

Banish pop-ups (and pop-under windows) from your surfing experience once and for all. Or, find a happy medium—choose to view blocked pop-ups or create an “allow” list of sites whose pop-ups you’re okay with seeing.



Customization


Add-ons Manager

You can now find and install add-ons directly in your browser.
You no longer need to visit the add-ons Web site, simply fire up the new Add-ons Manager. Not sure which add-on is right for you?
Ratings, recommendations, descriptions and pictures of the add-ons in action help you make your selection. The fully integrated Add-ons Manager even lets you view, manage and disable third-party add-ons in a few easy clicks.


Over 5,000 ways to customize

The sky’s the limit with a growing library of over 5,000 Firefox Add-ons, little extras you choose to download and install for a browser that works your way.
Manage online auctions, upload digital photos, see the weather forecast in a glance and listen to music all from the convenience of your browser.
There’s no need to open a new window or tab for each task.
Discover add-ons that help you streamline coding and Web development, like Firebug, which lets you look deep into the structure of a web page.


Browser Look & Feel

Dress up your browser as you like it. With themes, choose a darkened control panel reminiscent of a space ship, faux wood paneling, or hundreds of other unique looks to surround your surfing. With Personas, add a simple, lightweight “skin” to your browser in an instant. (Personas is a Mozilla Labs project.)


Beyond Add-ons

Add-ons are the cornerstone of customization, but adapting Firefox to suit your style doesn’t stop there. You can add new search engines, change toolbar preferences, display different sizes, shapes and styles for your browser’s navigation buttons and more. With additional preferences, you can specify a Web mail client, such as Gmail, to open up when you click on an address from a Web page or set up a news reader application for the blogs you encounter.



Productivity


Platform-Native Look & Feel

The new Firefox looks and feels like home.
Think of it as a Firefox who’s really good at making friends.
Whether you use Windows Vista, Windows XP, Mac or Linux, the browser seamlessly integrates into your computer’s environment.
A native look makes for a flawless interface that never gives you pause.


Feed Reader

You can read feeds using an online Web service, a client-side feed reader or by creating a Firefox Live Bookmark. So there’s no need to comb the Web for the latest news and updates. See the latest headlines in the toolbar or menu and go directly to the articles that catch your eye.


Download Manager

An all new manager lets you download seamlessly, with even greater security.
A pause and resume feature means there’s no need to wait for a download to finish before you disconnect. So, if you’re halfway through the latest White Stripes album and it’s time to catch the bus, just pause and pick up downloading when you get home. The resume function also works if your system crashes or is forced to restart. The manager shows your download progress and lets you search your files by name or the Web address where the download came from.


Spell Checking

A built-in spell checker lets you enter text directly into Web pages— like blog posts and Web-based email—without worrying about typos and misspellings.
Work directly with the Web and save yourself a step.


Session Restore

If Firefox unexpectedly closes, you don’t have to spend time recovering data or retracing your steps through the Web. If you’re in the middle of typing an email, you’ll pick up where you left off, even down to the last word you typed.
Session Restore instantly brings back your windows and tabs, restoring text you entered and any in-progress downloads. Restart the browser without losing your place after you install an add-on or software update.


Full Zoom

Visit your favorite news page and read the caption under the picture—or view the picture itself in a size you can see. An elegant new zoom feature lets you swoop in and see entire web pages. They scale in the way you’d expect them to, with all the elements of a page’s layout expanding equally, so you can zero in on what matters.


Image Loading

If you want to save time and bandwidth, view a site without images.
Firefox will remember your setting the next time you view the page.



Search


Smart Keywords

Search the Web in record time with smart keywords.
With a few clicks you can assign keywords to search engines, and then simply enter your key and search words in the location bar.
With this feature, typing “book home building” can search Amazon.com, and take you right to books about home building without ever pausing at the homepage.


Search Suggestions

Start typing in the search bar and it will prompt you with a drop down of filled-in suggestions, plus you can use the search bar as a calculator, converter and more.


Integrated Web Search

Searching the Web is a breeze with the search box inline, just to the right of your location bar. Use the web engine of your choice to search by typing directly into the box. The width is adjustable so you can make it bigger if you need more space.


Hundreds of Search Engines

Access your favorite search engines quickly from the integrated search bar.
You can use a new engine for each search, or stick to your favorite.
Choose from a preset dropdown list of engines or select “manage search engines” from the same list to browse search engine options offered as add-ons.


Find

The find feature appears in a keystroke. Search for a word or phrase on an open Web page. Highlight text before using the feature and finder opens pre-filled with your selection. See all instances of your search at once, or scroll backwards and forwards through the appearances of the word on the page.



Tabs


Save on Exit

Now when you open Firefox, your tabs and windows look just like they did when you closed it down. No need to reopen all your windows each time you start a session.


Tabs

At first glance, they look like little labels living above the site you’re currently visiting. But they are a brilliant way to browse multiple sites at once. Simple and easy, you can think of them as the electronic version of a well kept filing cabinet, with the tabs as the dividers and the sites as the content kept in folders. Each new site appears as a new tab (not a new window) and can be accessed in one click.


Reopen Closed Tabs

If you accidentally close a tab, you can reopen it in one click.
Just view Recently Closed Tabs in the History menu and select the tab you’d like to reopen.


Drag & Reorder Tabs

Get your sites in order. Simply arrange the order of your tabs by dragging them in one swift move of your mouse.


Smooth Scrolling

Like to have all 20 of your favorite pages open at once?
An elegant new feature lets you scroll through tabs easily to see them all and access the one you want quickly.



Universal Access


Universal Customization

Go beyond translation and experience the web in a way that makes sense to you. Local developers who know what’s best for their community have customized your Firefox browsing experience with local dictionaries, search providers, live bookmarks and Web feeds. Depending on where you live, you’ll see things like BBC headlines tailored to your region or experience features that work with Baidu, the Chinese search engine.


The Language of Firefox

Firefox speaks your language like no other browser on earth.
Because the Web is a worldwide resource and we believe that resource belongs to the people, we’ve made our browser available in as many local languages as possible.
We have over 40 different translations, from French and Chinese to Finnish and Czech.


Emphasis on Accessibility

By minimizing keystrokes, allowing users to zoom in on Web pages and supporting screen readers, Firefox is that much easier to use for those with mobility disabilities and visual impairments.


Improved Text Rendering

Read your language as it’s written—more like real life.
With a new graphics engine, Arabic, Persian, Punjabi and other script languages now render in a remarkably seamless way.



Performance


Improved Memory Management

With all new management functions in place, Firefox 3 keeps memory usage under control. The XPCOM cycle collector continuously cleans up unused memory.
Plus, hundreds of memory leaks are now remedied.


Faster JavaScript

Firefox now empowers even greater Web development, with JavaScript 1.8—including expression closures, generator expression and array reduce.


Smaller Memory Footprint

Short and sweet, Firefox now uses less of your computer’s memory while it’s running.


Faster Page Load

A redesigned page rendering and layout engine means you see Web pages faster—and in the way they were meant to be seen.


Graphics Engine Improvements

Improved text rendering is just the beginning of the benefits of an all new graphic engine for Firefox 3.



Standards


Advanced Graphics

You have to see it to believe it. The rendering of text and graphics, including SVG and Canvas, is faster, sharper and more true-to-life than ever before, thanks to our new graphics engine.


Online Application Support

Expand the power of Web-based applications.
In the past you’d click on an email address in a Web site and your computer’s default email application would open up to send a message to the linked address—even if you never email through the program.
Now you can choose a Web mail clients (like Hotmail, Gmail or Yahoo! Mail) to launch when you click on that email address.


Support for Advanced Web Technologies

Brand new and enhanced functionalities enable Web site authors and developers to create advanced content and applications.
Support is now available for CSS, ACID2, MathML, ECMAScript 4, Animated Portable Network Graphics (APNG) and Microformats, to name a few.


Color Profile Support

Photographers and photo fans, your view of the Web from Firefox just gets better. You can choose to enable top-of-the-line image display which uses technical data, like the amount of light available and relevant distance information, to render images in an amazing new way.


Offline Browsing

Take your computer offline and still have information at your fingertips.
Certain enabled sites may allow applications—like your Web-based email—to stay with you at all times. Many sites are not yet configured to work with this feature.



Help


Live Support

We have Firefox experts waiting on stand-by to help you with questions that simply demand a live person and a real conversation.
Now you can chat with knowledgeable Firefox community members who troubleshoot via our live chat site. You won’t be put on hold or have to wait for a response—solve your problem on the spot.


Firefox Support

Help is right where you would expect it, as well as a few places you might not.
A link at the top of your browser takes you to a support site with the answers you’ll need. Want to dig deeper—or have a really tough question?

Firefox’s support website has a searchable knowledge base of articles, plus forums and tutorials full of solutions and tips for a better experience.



Firefox 3.5 Release Notes

Release Candidate v.3: June 24th, 2009
This is a release candidate for Firefox 3.5, the upcoming release of the Firefox web browser. Thank you for helping us test this preview of the latest and greatest version of Firefox before it is officially released to the public.

Firefox 3.5 (Release Candidate) is the latest development milestone of Firefox 3.5, the next version of the Firefox web browser.
While this release is considered to be stable, it is intended for developers and members of our testing community to use for early evaluation and feedback.
Users of the latest released version of Firefox should not expect all of their add-ons to work properly with this milestone.

Check out what’s new, the known issues and frequently asked questions about the latest version of Firefox.


Installing

Please note that installing Firefox 3.5 (Release Candidate) will overwrite your existing installation of Firefox. You won’t lose any of your bookmarks or browsing history, but some of your extensions and other add-ons might not work until updates for them are made available.


Extensions and Themes

Extensions installed under Firefox 3 may be incompatible and/or require updates to work with Firefox 3.5 (Release Candidate).
Please report any issues to the maintainer of the extension.
When you install Firefox 3.5 (Release Candidate) all of your Extensions and Themes will be disabled until Firefox 3.5 (Release Candidate) determines that either a) they are compatible with the Firefox 3.5 (Release Candidate) release or b) there are newer versions available that are compatible.


Known Issues

This list covers some of the known problems with Firefox 3.5 (Release Candidate) which will be fixed in future versions:

All Systems

* After installing this version, users will not be able to return to a previous beta version of Firefox 3.5 without creating a new profile (see bug 488966)

* Restoring your bookmarks from a backup can take some time, during which the browser may seem unresponsive (see bug 493731)

* After using Clear Recent History some SSL sites will not load all images and styles without pressing reload (see bug 480619)

* Firefox 3.5 will only support color profiles as specified by ICC v2, later versions will add support for ICC v4 (see bug 463221)

* Websites using the new downloadable font support that wish to change the color using :hover will also need to add text-rendering : optimizeLegibility for font sizes less than 20 pixels (see bug 495455)

* Some sites with Flash can cause problems with the Cookies dialog (see bug 495035)

* Web pages can no longer automatically install PKCS11 cryptographic tokens.
Users are now required to do this manually or install an Add-on that installs them


Microsoft Windows

* Pressing enter in the Location Bar will not do anything if you are running AVG SafeSearch v8.0 or lower. Upgrading AVG SafeSearch fixes the problem (see bug 479095)

* If you select Fax from the Print Dialog, the Windows Fax dialog will appear and then disappear. Faxing still works from other applications (see bug 440486)


ED2K Link:



Changelog:


Several security issues:

MFSA 2009-46  Chrome privilege escalation due to incorrectly cached wrapper

MFSA 2009-45 Crashes with evidence of memory corruption (rv:1.9.1.2/1.9.0.13)

MFSA 2009-44 Location bar and SSL indicator spoofing via window.open() on invalid URL

MFSA 2009-38 Data corruption with SOCKS5 reply containing DNS name longer than 15 characters


Images with ICC profiles now render properly on all monitors.



Comments from the uploader (olofolleola4):
You can read more about Private Browsing here: 
http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Private+Browsing

You can read more about TraceMonkey here: 
https://wiki.mozilla.org/JavaScript:TraceMonkey

You can read more about Location Aware Browsing here: 
http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/geolocation/

You can read more about JSON here: 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JSON