Hello, folks. This is the first torrent I have EVER uploaded to TPB. 
I have been a longtime user, but only recently signed up for an account.

This is one of the first shows done by an anti-fascist researcher by the name of Dave Emory.

Emory is a NYC native who first became interested in conspiracy research in the early 1970s when he began to notice multiple possible links between the Watergate scandal and the murder of JFK in Dallas in Nov. of '63. While pursuing work of the JFK assassination, he discovered something even more incredible: Reinhard Gehlen, the infamous Nazi Eastern Front intel chief, had not only lived to see the end of the war, but had even been welcomed, along with his entire organization, to the U.S.........in June, 1946! Ever since then, Mr. Emory has vigorously pursued what he believes to be a world-spanning international fascist conspiracy, from San Francisco to Argentina, and from D.C. to Tokyo. 

Here is the description of that very first window, from his very own site, SpitfireList.com:

"The Hidden History of the Cold War, Part One
(Recorded April, 1984)

This broadcast examines inter na tional fas cism as a reac tion to the found ing of the former Soviet Union and the growth of social ist move ments in other coun tries and how this devel op ment led to World War II. The pro gram focuses on the crit i cal sup port American industrial ists and financiers gave to Hitler’s Ger many and how this affected allied mil i tary pol­icy dur ing the war, as well as the incor po ra tion of the Third Reich’s intel li gence forces into the CIA at the conflict’s conclusion.

Pro gram high lights include: Her bert Hoover’s diver sion of aid req ui si tioned by Con gress to Pol ish and Baltic armies fight­ing against the U.S.S.R. in the early 1920’s; the growth of Mussolini’s “cor po rate state” (as he termed his fas cist sys­tem of gov ern ment); the Hearst news pa per chain’s glow ing por trayal of Nazi Ger many and Fas cist Italy prior to the out break of World War II; the Amer i can Legion’s award ing of an hon orary mem ber ship to Mus solini in 1935; the Curtis-Wright Company’s delib er ate betrayal of dive-bombing (a closely-guarded U.S. Navy tech nique) to the Axis pow­ers; Alger Hiss’ role as spe cial coun sel to the Nye-Vandenburg com mit tee (inves ti gat ing Amer i can cor po ra tions’ aid to the Axis pow ers); the Allies’ re-storation of fas cist infra struc ture in French North Africa and Italy fol low ing “lib er a tion;” thepolit i cal betrayal of and mil i tary attacks upon the anti-fascist par ti sans in Greece before the end of the war; the for ma tion of guerilla groups estab lished by the Nazis dur ing the war’s clos ing days in order to fight against the Soviet Union; the adop tion of the Nazi guer rilla groups by the CIA and other West ern intel li gence agen cies; the fierce war fare con ducted by the fas cist gueril las (under West ern spon sor ship) in Poland and the for mer Soviet Union until 1953; the incor po ra tion of the Nazi East ern Front intel li gence orga ni za tion into the CIA (under the stew ard ship of its wartime head, Gen eral Rein hard Gehlen); the Third Reich gen e sis of many of the “catch-phrases” of the Cold War, includ ing “Bet ter Dead than Red” and “Iron Curtain.”"

Part 2:

"Pick ing up where part one left off, this pro gram begins with an exam i na tion of the role of SS vet er ans in the for ma tion of the Green Berets. Formed ini tially under the aus pices of the CIA, the Green Berets grew under the CIA stew ard ship of SS Brigadier Gen eral Franz Alfred Six, SS Colonel Emil Augs burg (like Six, a vet eran of Hitler’s “Final Solu tion” to the “Jew ish Prob lem”) and Michael Achme teli, a White Russ ian and Nazi col lab o ra tor who worked closely with the SS and was viewed as an expert on the for mer Soviet Union. The Green Berets were formed against the back ground of the guerilla war fare that raged in East ern Europe and the for mer U.S.S.R. for years after the for mal con clu sion of World War II. (See AFA-1 for more details.)

The pro gram then high lights the delib er ate sab o tag ing of the de-Nazification of Ger many after the war. Derailed by polit i cal and eco nomic forces sym pa thetic to fas cism, many of which had enthu si as ti cally sup ported Hitler and Mus solini before the war, this fail ure resulted in the return to power of the same indus tri al ists and financiers who had sup­ported Hitler. Even more impor tantly, Nazis and Nazi col lab o ra tors were put right back in posi tions of polit i cal power in Ger many, where they pur sued a pol icy of restor ing Germany’s “lost ter ri to ries,” includ ing parts of Poland, the Czech Repub lic and the for mer Soviet Union.

The pro gram also focuses on: the Nazi antecedents of Inter pol (the inter na tional police orga ni za tion); the role of Her­bert Hoover in help ing to foil de-Nazification of Ger man indus try at the end of World War II; the Nazi sym pa thies of Whit taker Cham bers (the prin ci pal accuser of Alger Hiss); Sen a tor Joe McCarthy’s per se cu tion of Amer i can P.O.W.‘s who sur vived a Nazi mas sacre at the Bat tle of the Bulge; Joe McCarthy’s promi nent, pro-Nazi polit i cal back ers; the role of Richard Nixon in block ing a con gres sional move to breakup of I.G. Far ben (the Nazi chem i cal giant); Nixon’s spon sor­ship of a promi nent Ruman ian war criminal’s res i dence in the United States and Nixon’s invi ta tion to another Ruman ian Iron Guard butcher to give the open ing prayer before the U.S. Sen ate in 1955."

In case you have trouble reading it all, here's the original URLs:
 
http://spitfirelist.com/anti-fascist-archives/rfa-1-looking-back-from-1984/
 
http://spitfirelist.com/anti-fascist-archives/rfa-2-looking-back-from-1984/

I hope you all will find this to be informative, and I will be uploading more stuff whenever I can.

