South Park - Season 04

Series: South Park
DVD release: June 29, 2004
Network: Comedy Central
No. of episodes: 17
Source: DVD
Video format: .avi
Audio format: MPEG Layer-3
Bit Rate: 130kbps
Width: 512
Height: 384

---------------------------------

S04E01 - The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000
The boys plan to get rich off a scheme involving the tooth fairy, which attracts the attention of an unusual crime boss. Meanwhile, Kyle ponders his existence after his parents tell him the truth about the tooth fairy.

S04E02 - Cartman's Silly Hate Crime 2000
After hitting Token in the head with a rock, Cartman gets arrested after FBI agents claim that he committed a hate crime.

S04E03 - Timmy 2000
All the kids in South Park are mistakenly diagnosed with attention deficit disorder after the new, mentally retarded student Timmy is misdiagnosed himself. Meanwhile, Timmy joins Skyler's rock band, and Phil Collins plots to break them up.

S04E04 - Quintuplets 2000
Stan's family take in a grandmother and her quintuplet granddaughters from Romania who are on the run from the American and Romanian government. Meanwhile, Kenny practices opera singing and becomes famous in Eastern Europe.

S04E05 - Cartman Joins NAMBLA
Cartman's search for more mature friends lands him as the poster child for NAMBLA. Meanwhile, Kenny tries to stop his parents from having another baby.

S04E06 - Cherokee Hair Tampons
Stan must get Cartman to donate one of his kidneys to save Kyle's life while everyone in town is addicted to new-age medicine run by an old woman and her "Native American" co-workers. Meanwhile, Mr. Garrison becomes a romance novelist after getting fired from teaching for his incompetence and his actions in the previous episode.

S04E07 - Chef Goes Nanners
Chef protests against the racist imagery on the South Park flag. Meanwhile, Wendy freaks out when she begins to have a crush on Cartman.

S04E08 - Something You Can Do with Your Finger
Cartman ropes in Stan, Kyle, and Kenny into creating Finger Bang, a boy band in the quest to get $10 million.

S04E09 - Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?
Part one of two. The boys question whether the handicapped or Jews go to heaven, while Saddam Hussein returns to hell, leading to an awkward reunion with Satan.

S04E10 - Probably
Conclusion. Cartman and the boys start their own church against the wishes of their parents; Satan must choose between two lovers.

S04E11 - 4th Grade
The boys enter fourth grade, and suddenly wish they were back in the third grade. Meanwhile, the fourth grade teacher Ms. Choksondik seeks help in controlling the students from Mr. Garrison, who is now a hermit who won't come to terms with his homosexuality.

S04E12 - Trapper Keeper
A man from the future wants Cartman's new trapper keeper. Mr. Garrison's kindergarten class holds an election for class president with confusing results.

S04E13 - Helen Keller! The Musical
Timmy must find a live turkey for the Thanksgiving play.

S04E14 - Pip
A retelling of Charles Dickens' "Great Expectations" starring Pip, with Malcolm McDowell (playing "aperson") narrating.

S04E15 - Fat Camp
Cartman is sent to a weight loss camp. Kenny is paid to do disgusting stunts and becomes a TV star.

S04E16 - The Wacky Molestation Adventure
The boys, angry at their parents, send them to jail after saying they were "molested", leaving the town to the children.

S04E17 - A Very Crappy Christmas
Kyle is upset over the fact that Mr. Hankey is too busy with his family to spread holiday cheer, so he and the other boys create a Christmas cartoon based on Parker and Stone's "The Spirit of Christmas" short.

---------------------------------

Please seed, comment and enjoy!

Brought to you by Crisp