Ashampoo Photo Commander 6 is a perfect example of a new generation of programs that are genuinely intuitive easy to use. It makes organizing your pictures and getting them to look great as simple as pressing the button on your camera. You’ll save time, have a barrel of fun and your friends and family will be really impressed. Almost everything is done with a couple of clicks – adding picture frames, correcting your photos, making greeting cards, collages and slide shows, sharing your pictures on CDs/DVDs or your website and much more. Ashampoo Photo Commander 6 is a one-stop solution. You organize and view your photo collection, edit and enhance your photos and use creative editing and project tools all in a single program. And it also manages your audio and video files!
What’s new in version 7
There are far too many improvements to list them all – we can only include the highlights here:

3D hardware acceleration
The program now automatically uses the 3D processor in your computer’s video card to achieve a performance boost. If you have a 3D video card this significantly speeds up photo viewing and transition effects for smoother resizing and zooming, with additional smoothing for less “jaggy” images at high magnifications.

New, more efficient media database
The new automatic database that manages your media files is now both faster and more efficient, automatically updating when you’re uploading your media files on your PC. This means you can move files around without losing their tags (star ratings) and other data. The new database also makes scanning EXIF photo tags and MP3 audio tags much faster.

Drag & Drop virtual albums
The new Drag & Drop virtual albums (Favorites) organize your media files in folders without actually moving them – the same files can be included in multiple folders without creating multiple copies of the files. You can manipulate the files in virtual albums just like any other group of files: Add tags and star ratings, perform batch cut and crop operations, create slide shows and web albums and so on.
Create panorama images
This is a feature that many users have asked for. In version 7 you now have a tool for stitching together multiple photos to create a single large panorama image.

Slide shows with “Ken Burns” effect
The new quick slide show features the popular “Ken Burns” effect that zooms and pans on each image while it is being displayed. Just select the photos you want to include and press Ctrl+Space to start.

Digital camera and scanner importer
The new digital camera and scanner importer makes it quick and easy to import images directly from your digital camera or image scanner.

Improved Callout tool
A number of user suggestions have been implemented to improve the performance of the Callout (text bubble) tool, which now also includes the functions of the previous callout tool from Photo Commander 5.

Media browser enhancements
The media browser comes with many improvements, including advanced search by text, file type, file rating and age with a cut-off date. You can now also change the date and time of multiple files in batch mode and browse images without leaving Quick Fix mode – this makes it easier to apply quick fixes to multiple images. You can resize the thumbnail preview images in the media browser on the fly with a slider control.

Find duplicate images with different names
A powerful new function for finding duplicates will also find duplicate images with different names and images that are similar but not identical. You can enter the level of similarity in percent.
Other Highlights
Batch Processing
The Batch Processing tool can save many hours of tedious work, converting to different formats and applying effects to multiple files in a single operation. Effects include resizing, brightness, gamma, contrast, color depth, rotate, invert, grayscale, drop shadows, borders, sharpening, watermarks, 1-click optimize and more. All these effects are applied to all the files in the selected batch.

Quick-Fix Tools
The Quick-Fix Tools gets results fast and will probably be able to handle almost all your photo editing needs. Features include one-click color and contrast optimization, photo straightening (if the camera wasn’t straight), red eye correction, cropping, rotating and more – all with a couple of clicks. All the tools are self-explanatory for instant results without hassles.

Creativity and Productivity Tools
Viewing and organizing your media files is just the beginning. Photo Commander comes with a whole suite of tools for sharing and using your photos creatively – both on the web and at home. You can mail your photos, export them to PDF files and burn them to CDs and DVDs. You can also create web albums, slide shows with music, photo collages, photo calendars, photo cards with frames, contact sheets, “photo mix” combinations and multi-image TIFF files (single-file slide shows). All these features are very easy to use – it’s basically a point and click process, the program guides you through every step.

Audio and Video
Ashampoo Photo Commander 7 displays videos and plays audio tracks just as easily as it can manage your photos – you don’t need to switch to separate player programs. You can zoom videos, play them in full-screen mode, extract screenshots, create video playlists and more. You get all the functions of a good audio player. Play and organize your audio tracks, create and store playlists and much more. You can also create multimedia playlists, combining photos with audio and video files.

Skins and Plugins
You can load different ‘skins’ to give the program a different look or even redesign the program’s user interface yourself. Photo Commander also supports plugins for handling additional file formats. A number of plugins are already available, including plugins for the Canon RAW, Kodak Flashpix, HDR .dds, Industrial Light & Magic HDR .exr and Joint BiLevel .jbg formats.
New features
3D hardware acceleration for a big speed boost
Much faster and more flexible media database
Virtual albums (Favorites) for better organization
Stitch images to create panoramas
Quick slide shows with cool “Ken Burns” effect
New digital camera and scanner importer
New advanced media search features
Find duplicate images with different names
Print multiple photos on a single page

Tested And Working

Enjoy