Sheffey (Christian Movie)

This movie is posted on special request from 7-8 people.

Released in 1978 by Unusual Films, this is one of the best Christian Movies ever produced. This quality dramatic motion picture portrays the inspirational true life story of Robert Sheffey, a circuit riding preacher during the 1800's. The film tells the story of a unique servant of God, who as a rowdy young man followed his friends to a revival meeting and there found in the Scriptures new direction for his life. The film begins with the conversion of a young Sheffey and follows his life as he rides through the Appalachain mountains proclaiming the gospel of Jesus Christ. Although he suffers the loss of his two greatest earthly treasures in one day, Sheffey still finds forgiveness in his heart for the person who caused his sorrow. Based on the book The Saint of the Wilderness by Jess Carr, Sheffey brings hope, courage, joy, and tears. It captures the warmth and compassion of a man whose soul was on fire for the Lord, and, in the words of Bob Jones III, "Every Christian who sees this film will be warmed by that heavenly heat."

It is a well produced drama that shows what one person can do if they are fully committed to Jesus Christ and His word. Sheffey was a man of prayer, tireless worker, soul winner, and had a servant's heart of love which is clearly demonstrated in this film. It's a great story for the family and one you'll enjoy over and over.

For more information please visit: 
http://www.christianbook.com/sheffey-dvd/9781591660057/pd/199646 
http://www.amazon.com/Sheffey-DVD/dp/B000OEMMBM

Runtime: 2 hrs 49 mins
Language: English (No-Subtitles)
Year: 1978
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 

If financially possible, please buy this CD/DVD to keep Christian films in business. You won't regret your decision. If Christians won't buy Christian films/documentaries then who will? If possible please share the movies with your neighbors.

Please seed. Let each one of us who call ourself Christians seed 2-3 movies each. So that these movies may become a blessing to all those who are hungry for God's word & grace. May Jesus bless all those who are seeding the christian torrents.

PS: If you need any specific christian movie/documentary or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! 
He has done all he could. 
Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian

