 http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,587705,00.html

I told you last week about Van Jones getting the NAACP Image Award. Here's how he closed his speech:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

VAN JONES, FORMER WHITE HOUSE GREEN JOBS 'CZAR': To my fellow countryman, Mr. Glenn Beck. I see you and I love you, brother. I love you and you cannot do anything about it. I love you and you cannot do anything about it. Let's be one country. Let's be one country. Let's get the job done.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

The implication here is that I don't love him. Well, I'm sorry you misunderstood, Van — I love you too. This is like an episode of "Barney & Friends" — we all love each other. But I'm not sure why he is making this personal; I never made it personal about him. I never called for his resignation. I didn't want him to quit; I wanted him to keep talking.

I am one of those "old school" people who think the First Amendment applies to everyone — even 9/11 Truthers and communists. When I disagree with someone, I don't try to have them silenced; that's what they do in communist countries. In fact, when everyone was expecting me to gloat and celebrate over Jones' resignation — which, by the way, he did at midnight over Labor Day Weekend — my first day back from the long holiday here's what I said:

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

GLENN BECK: I didn't ask for Van Jones to resign. If Americans want the version of America that Van Jones sees, well that's fine, but we need to have a discussion. It can't be done under the cover of darkness. There needs to be questions and answers.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

His resignation didn't further the dialogue. No one answered any of the real questions. And America needs answers — especially when there are those in the highest offices in the land who are trying to fundamentally transform this country.

Van Jones has a very different idea of what America should be. He's a self-avowed communist. He was a member of STORM — a radical group that wanted to overthrow the government. He's trying to transform America under the guise of "green jobs" to transform America into a red state and move away from capitalism. So we can talk all day long about how much we love each other, but his agenda was in the cover of darkness until we shed light on it.