Armada Music looks back onto a successful Miami season. At the International Dance Music Award show, 6 Awards were granted to the Dutch record company, amongst one for ‘Best Global Record Label’ for the second year in a row. Along with the tide of seasons, Armada released ‘The Miami Soundtrack’ in March. But now that the sun has set in Miami, the Ibiza season awakes. Time for Armada to introduce you to the sound that’s going to be heard all across the white Spanish isle: The Ibiza Soundtrack.

During the summer months, dance industry has its full focus on the 575 km² of pure musical pleasure, surrounded by the magical scenery of white sandy beaches, red-hot sunsets and the deep-blue, Mediterranean sea. Some of the best clubs are located on Ibiza, and yearly attract thousands of clubbers to its parties, hosting the world’s most popular DJ’s and artists. To give you a feel about the sound that’s going to be carried upon the Eivissa breeze, Armada Music collected 31 essential summer tunes.

Discover the warm progressive sounds of Blake Jarrell, Rex Mundi, Glenn Morrison, Chris Reece and Way Out West, get in a trancy state with tracks by Markus Schulz, Dash Berlin, Sunlounger, The Thrillseekers and Aly & Fila or simply rock down the house with Mischa Daniels, Da’Others, Skytech and many more. Whether Ibiza is your destination or not, this album will be the perfect pre-, after-party and soundtrack to your summer of 2010.

Out now on iTunes and 2CD at ArmadaShop.

01 Paronator – Sunset
02 Da ‘Others & Andrea Saenz – Behind The World (Unplugged Mix)
03 Gafry & More – D Camera
04 Beltek – Eclipse (Bas van Essen Remix)
05 Way Out West – The Doors Are Where The Windows Should Be (Michael Cassette Remix)
06 Kismet – Surreal
07 Blake Jarrell – Patagonia
08 Chris Reece – Salvation (Jerome Isma-Ae & Daniel Portman Ibiza Late Dub)
09 Glenn Morrison – Triangle & Strings
10 J-C – Free (StoneBridge Re-FX)
11 CJ Stone & Chriss Ortega feat. Lyck – In The Red Light
12 Mischa Daniels – Mega
13 Binary Finary – 1998 (Dabruck & Klein Remix)
14 Ørjan Nilsen – So Long Radio
15 Rex Mundi – Kalua Islands
16 Sunlounger feat. Zara Taylor – Found (Roger Shah Original Mix)

01 Skytech – Comet
02 Mr. Pit – This Room Is Not Big Enough
03 Markus Schulz feat. Khaz – Dark Heart Waiting (Jochen Miller Remix)
04 David Forbes & Alan Nimmo – Samui
05 The Blizzard & Omnia – Metanoia (Original Club Mix)
06 Anton Firtich feat. Victoria Mazze – Meant To Be Free (Cramp Remix)
07 The Thrillseekers – Savanna (Alexander Popov Remix)
08 Dash Berlin feat. Solid Sessions – Janeiro (Dash Berlin 4AM Mix)
09 The Space Brothers – Heaven Will Come (Stoneface & Terminal Vocal Mix)
10 Andy Moor feat. Carrie Skipper – She Moves (Ashley Wallbridge Vocal Remix)
11 John Askew – F@cking Caps Lock (Tylor-Leigh Remix)
12 Aly & Fila feat. Denise Rivera – My Mind Is With You (W&W Remix)
13 M.I.K.E. presents Plastic Boy – We’re Here To Stay
14 Roger Shah presents Savannah – Darling Harbour (Roger Shah Mix)
15 Matt Everson – Heist Manoeuvre (Nick Sentience Remix)