For more than five decades, Chuck Mangione's love affair 
with music has been characterized by his boundless energy, 
unabashed enthusiasm, and pure joy that radiates from 
the stage.

Mangione first attracted attention with his brother, Gap, 
in a mainstream jazz band, The Jazz Brothers, in which he 
played trumpet much like that of the man who he refers to 
as his musical father-Dizzy Gillespie. In fact Dizzy gave 
Chuck an 'updo' horn just like his own.

Chuck's years with the Jazz Brothers overlapped with his 
attending the Eastman School of Music and eventually 
resulted in his solo album debut.  Chuck left home to 
play with Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers, assuming 
the trumpet chair that had belonged to such great players 
as Clifford Brown, Kenny Dorham, Bill Hardman, Lee Morgan 
and Freddie Hubbard.

Another important step in Mangione's career development was 
his return to the Eastman School of Music as director of 
the school's Jazz Ensemble. His "Friends & Love" concert 
with the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra was recorded 
live and featured "Hill Where the Lord Hides." This led 
to a recording contract with a major label, Mercury 
records, and his first Grammy nomination.

Those early years with Mercury culminated in the title tune 
of one of Mangione's most popular albums. Land of Make Believe, 
another Grammy nominee, Mangione then signed with A&M Records 
and delivered two extremely successful releases in one year, 
Chase The Clouds Away, which was used as background music 
during the telecast of the 1976 Olympic Games; and Bellavia 
("beautiful way"), named to honor his mother, which won 
Mangione his first Grammy award.

During the late 1970's, Chuck received more awards and 
accolades for his recordings. He reached new heights 
with his mega-hit single and album, Feels So Good.
The 1980 Mangione entry in Current Biography called 
"Feels So Good" the most recognized melody since the 
Beatles'  "Michelle."  The Children of Sanchez 
double-album soundtrack won the Hollywood Foreign 
Press Association's Golden Globe Award, then earned 
Mangione a second Grammy award. 

In 1980 maximum impact was achieved in front of an 
"intimate" television of several hundred million when 
Chuck's "Give It All You Got" was heard around the 
world as the theme of the Winter Olympics in Lake Placid 
which he performed live at the closing ceremonies.

Mangione was also busy with personal projects during 
the 1980's. He hosted an 8-hour concert featuring 
jazz legends Dizzy Gillespie and Chick Corea, which 
benefited the Italian earthquake Relief Fund.

The '80's were exceptionally full years for Chuck. Having 
signed with Columbia Records he released several albums, 
including Love Notes, Journey To A Rainbow, Disguise, 
and Save Tonight For Me. Another highlight was working out 
with the New York Yankees at their spring training camp at 
the invitation of his friend and fan, George Steinbrenner.  
Chuck was often seen playing the National Anthem at Yankee 
Stadium and All Star games in San Francisco and Chicago.   
There was also "Salute to Chuck Mangione" a one-hour TV 
special hosted by Dick Clark; numerous performing and 
conducting dates with symphony orchestras across the 
country, plus television interviews on The Tonight Show, 
Larry King, Soul Train, Solid Gold, and many others.

In 1989, Chuck released two live albums, "The Boys From Rochester," 
featuring Steve Gadd, Gap Mangione, Joe Romano and frank Pullara, 
plus a double album, Chuck Mangione Live at the Village Gate.  
Following these releases, and more than 25 years of one-nighters 
around the world, Chuck Mangione stopped playing.

 Many people point to the death of Dizzy Gillespie as the event 
that propelled Mangione back into music. In 1994 chuck scheduled 
a whirlwind of activity that included recording sessions for two 
new albums, a series of nightclub performances by himself and 
other jazz favorites which featured his "Cat in the Hat" matinees 
for kids (they continue to draw SRO audiences and raves from 
critics, parents and kids alike). Four major orchestra dates 
in upstate New York helped create an endowment fund in honor 
of his father, Papa Mangione, and musical father Dizzy Gillespie, 
for the Rochester School of the Arts.

Chuck is currently caricatured on the Fox TV hit show, 
King Of The Hill.He is the celebrity spokesman for "Mega-lo-mart" 
and scored the music for the 1998 Valentine's Day episode.

When Chuck performed in Poland for the 1999 Film and Jazz Festival, 
his composition "Children of Sanchez" brought the audience to its 
feet. Unbeknownst to the composer, the piece had become somewhat
of an anthem during the struggle for democracy and many in the 
audience were in tears, holding their hands over their hearts.

In the year 2000 Chuck made his first ever appearance in Korea to 
SRO audiences where Feels So Good has been the top requested 
instrumental hit for the past twenty years.  He returned to Seoul 
in 2001 and was performing there when 9/11 happened.

Chuck has recorded two albums for Chesky Records. 
The Feelings Back & Everything For Love.

His 60th Birthday Bash Concert at the Eastman Theater in 
Rochester New York raised over $50,000 for 
St. John's Nursing Home.

Recently Smooth Jazz stations throughout the U.S. recognized 
Chuck Mangione's "Feels So Good" as their all time #1 song.

Chuck received the Eastman School of Music Alumni Achievement Award in 2007

In 2009, Chuck was highlighted at the Smithsonian in an artifacts Donation Ceremony
and Onstage Discussion that pays homage to his illustrious career, artistry, 
community service, and dedication to jazz education.

