Drakengard 1 & 2 for the Ps2                                   Rel. in 2004 & 2006


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        RPG/Beat Em Up
Rated:         M (Mature)
Dev. By:       Square Enix
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Both Games were tested and work.
(Burn Tested on a Mod-Chipped - Modbo 4.0 Ps2). 


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description Drakengard:

Drakengard follows the story of a kingdomless prince named Caim who fights for the Union against the Empire. Under the Union's protection are the Hierarchs and the Goddess, currently Caim's sister Furiae, who is a human manifestation of one of the four seals that protect the world from being broken. As the game begins, Cain is fatally wounded in a battle with the Empire. Encountering a captured Red Dragon who is also near death, Caim makes a fateful choice. In exchange for both their lives, the Red Dragon and Caim will enter a pact. This pact will forever chain their lives to one another and link their souls, at the cost of something irreplaceable. Recharged with the fires of a Dragon, Caim's vengeance burns over the enemy...

The player controls Caim on his quest. The game is separated into three distinct modes: Aerial combat, Ground combat and Event Combat. In Aerial Combat, Caim rides dragonback against a variety of airborne foes breathing fireballs (strong single shots and weaker multiple lock-on shots). The Dragon is agile and is able to evade incoming threats, turning around completely in a moment. In Ground combat, the game is shown in 3rd person though usually large, open areas. Controlling Caim, his primary ability is the use of a variety of weapons found on the battlefield. These are leveled up through continued usage, and specifically through the killing of individual enemies. Though magic (determined by weapon choice), timed attacks and evasion, Caim breaks through enemy armies. Characters recruited as allies by Caim can also be summoned during battles, steadily losing health until control is returned to Caim. In ground combat, Caim may also call forth his Dragon to ride and strafe enemies from the air. The Dragon's movements are generally the same as in aerial combat but more limited and less agile. Event combat is similar to Ground combat, but shown isometrically, restricted to a single weapon and without the aid of a dragon. It is used mainly to tell story sequences.

Levels that have been visited before might become "Expedition Missions" which are optional and contain new objectives, enemies and weapons. Additionally, any level previously played in the storyline may be revisited at any time. Depending on Caim's choices (and prerequisites for those choices), there are five different endings to Drakengard.


Game Description Drakengard 2:

After the events of the first game, the world had become broken until Caim and the Red Dragon, Angelus restored the magical seals to hold back this devastation. In the eighteen years since, the Union has taken rule over the land and made prisoner the former soldiers of the Empire's forces. The priestess child Mannah has grown and lives in the company of these imprisoned forces. Among the Union forces, the Knights of the Seal were formed in dedication to the protection of the magical seals. General Oror of the Knights was on a campaign in the wilds when he came across a young boy, named Nowe, who was cared for and able to talk to the Blue Dragon, Legna. Deciding to raise the boy as his son, Oror brought both Nowe and Legna back to the Union. The Hierach leader, Seere recognized Nowe's potential and dubbed him "The Savior". Over time, Nowe grew up among the knights and aspired to join their ranks. Now finally after many years and training, Nowe is ready to formally become a member of the Knights of the Seal...

Drakengard 2 is a 3rd person role-playing action game like the first title. The player controls Nowe on his quest. The game is separated into two modes: Aerial combat and Ground combat. In Aerial Combat, Nowe rides dragonback against a variety of airborne foes breathing fireballs (strong single shots and weaker multiple lock-on shots). The Dragon is agile and is able to evade incoming threats, turning around completely in a moment. In Ground combat, the game is shown in 3rd person though usually large, open areas. Controlling Nowe, his primary ability is the use of a variety of weapons found on the battlefield. Each type of weapon can only be equipped by a specific character, and so changing to a new weapon might also change the playable character from Nowe to another member of his party. These weapons are leveled up through continued usage, and specifically through the killing of individual enemies. Accessories and items, such as healing and magic restore can also be found and used during combat. Though magic (determined by weapon choice), timed attacks and evasion, Nowe is able to defeat enemies and earn experience. Defeated enemies drop items and coins, though weapons are only found in treasure chests. In ground combat, Nowe may also call forth his Dragon to ride and strafe enemies from the air. The Dragon's movements are generally the same as in aerial combat but more limited and less agile. 

Progress in the game is shown on the world map. Levels that have been visited before might become "Expedition Missions" which are optional and contain new objectives, enemies and weapons. Additionally, any level previously played in the storyline may be revisited at any time. Additionally, villages will appear which sell weapons and items in exchange for gold coins. Depending on Nowe's choices (and prerequisites for those choices), there are multiple endings to the game.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If using DVD+R then booktype to DVD-ROM. 
(If your mod-chip, or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!