SYNOPSIS:

An all-female version of the Van Helsing tale reconfigures the vampire story as an erotic fantasy. The great, great granddaughter of Van Helsing seeks to slay the sexy Countess Dracula. She may have to pretend to be her devoted love slave to get closer to the bloodthirsty demon.


IMDB REVIEW:

This is some delicious trash. It's a typical soft-core lesbian flick that gets combined with a well known horror story and characters. Well, not that this movie has much to do with the Bram Stoker novel of course, as a matter of fact this movie doesn't follow much story at all but the movie is really being saved and made by its sense of entertainment.

The cast & crew obviously didn't took the project very seriously and I'm glad they didn't. The movie is deliberately over-the-top with its performances, story and comedy. This is what makes "Sexy Adventures of Van Helsing" a very fun movie to watch. I'll bet they had lots of fun making this movie.

The movie of course has some very poor production values. This movies are purely made by the studios to cash in, they are interested in making a "Citizen Kane" like movie at all. This means that the story has an obvious cheap look, though I must admit that I had seen far worse for these type of movies. This movie actually did spend still some time on its make-up effects and all.

It's comedy is almost cartoon like and no matter how cheesy it all often is, you'll still be entertained by it.

As for the sex itself, after all this is an adult picture, it's pretty much what you could expect from a soft-core porn flick. So a lot is being implied but very little is being shown actually. Also the sex sequences also seem to come and go pretty random at times within the movie. As if the had to made a quota of a certain minimum amount of sex sequences. Because of this the movie doesn't really feel like it's following an actual story at all.

Within its genre it's simple a very fine and entertaining movie.

Seed and enjoy!!!

SCREENS

1.2.3.4.