Stand By Me (1986)




Directed by Rob Reiner 
Produced by Bruce A. Evans 
Written by Stephen King
Bruce A. Evans
Raynold Gideon 
Starring Wil Wheaton
River Phoenix
Corey Feldman
Jerry O'Connell
Kiefer Sutherland 
Music by Jack Nitzsche 
Cinematography Thomas Del Ruth 
Editing by Robert Leighton 
Distributed by Columbia Pictures 
Release date(s) August 8, 1986 (limited)
August 22, 1986 (wide) 
Running time 88 min. 
Country  
Language English 




Stand by Me is a 1986 coming of age, adventure-drama film directed by Rob Reiner. The title comes from a song with the same title by Ben E. King (which plays during the closing credits), while the story itself is based on the novella The Body by Stephen King.

The film is narrated by an adult Gordie LaChance, known as "The Writer" (Richard Dreyfuss), writing the memoir about his youth. Set in the fictional town of Castle Rock, Oregon, from September 4-6, 1959, Gordie (Wil Wheaton), and his friends Chris Chambers (River Phoenix) and Teddy Duchamp (Corey Feldman) learn from their friend Vern Tessio (Jerry O'Connell) that the dead body of a boy named Ray Brower, who was struck by a train while picking blueberries in the woods, has been found. While under his porch looking for his lost jar of pennies, Vern overheard his older brother talking about finding the body while in the woods with a friend. The boys then embark upon a two-day journey across the woodlands near Castle Rock to see and find the body in hopes that the discovery will make them all famous.

Each boy has a physical and/or emotional burden. Gordie is a quiet, bookish boy with a penchant for telling stories and writing, rejected by his father following the death of his football-star older brother (John Cusack) in a Jeep accident. Chris is from a family of criminals and alcoholics and, despite his intelligence and desire to break the generational curse, he is usually stereotyped accordingly. Teddy is an eccentric and physically deformed after his mentally-unstable father (whom Teddy sees as a war hero who "stormed the beach at Normandy") held his ear to a stove and nearly burned it off, thus forcing him to wear a hearing aid. Vern, overweight and timid, is easily scared, and thus often picked on.

Through the boys' misadventures and conversations, the viewer learns about each character's personality. Each of the boys, for varying reasons, lives in the shadow of their fathers and older brothers. Gordie's talent for storytelling pegs him as the most likely of the four to have a promising future.

The film also contrasts a gang of bullies called the "Cobras", who are led by local hood John "Ace" Merrill (Kiefer Sutherland). Crucial to the story are the often sophomoric interpersonal exchanges among the four main characters. The boys find the body in the end, but decide to leave it to the authorities to deal with. They also refuse to allow Ace take the body away after Gordie threatens him with a gun.

The film ends with the boys returning home to Castle Rock and saying goodbye to each other. The Writer states that Vern later married and became a fork-lift operator for a lumber company in Castle Rock and Teddy tried to join the military, but due to poor eyesight and his ear, they refused to let him in until he eventually served jail time now he was doing odd-jobs around Castle Rock. Chris later moved out of Castle Rock and became a lawyer. However, The Writer reveals that Chris was recently stabbed and killed when he tried to break up a fight in a line at a fast food place. The Writer then finishes his memoir and takes his own kids out swimming.




Language: English

Subs:     English, Arabic, Bulgarian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish,
          French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Icelandic,
          Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish

Aspect Ratio: 1.85:1
Widescreen 16:9
PAL


