Buy Me Up TV - Series 01 - Audio Comedy - BBC Radio 4 via DVB-T
4 x 30 Minute Episode - 128Kbps - Mp3 - Slimoo


Buy Me Up TV is a radio sitcom that observes the goings on behind and in front of the camera at a 24 hour shopping channel. The crazed products and the equally unhinged presenters become ever more involved in the farcical demands of the badly run TV station.

BuyMeUp TV is like every shopping channel you've ever seen - product demonstrations, guests, auctions, infomercials, dramatic price reductions, testimonials, phone lines, order pages, horoscopes, bargains, special offers, and life-changing stories. It sells everything you can possibly imagine for your home, vehicle, health, entertainment, lifestyle, wardrobe and bathroom. Owned by a vast American cable network, it is a 24-hour live broadcast channel selling crap to the whole nation.

Each episode is also peppered with idents and adverts for ludicrous products they are forced to sell, from Robert Mugabe beach towels and the Jeffery Archery set, to the Guitar Bra and a communist doorbell.

www.comedy.co.uk Review: 
It seems the press didn't think much of this four-part sitcom when it was broadcast, we loved it though. From the crazy infomercials to the crazed staff, Edwards and Eldred's scripts kept us chuckling. The best bits were probably the guest stars appearing as monstrous versions of themselves.

Cast:
Justin Edwards
Katherine Jakeways
Alex MacQueen
Greg Proops
Ewen MacIntosh
Colin Hoult
 
http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/buy_me_up_tv/episodes/


Buy Me Up TV - S01 - E01 - Eammon Holmes
Buy Me Up TV - S01 - E02 - Ruth Madox
Buy Me Up TV - S01 - E03 - Rich Hall
Buy Me Up TV - S01 - E04 - Sir Terry Wogan



Audio Format    : MP3
Duration Approx : 28mn 0s
Bit rate mode   : Constant
Bit rate        : 128 Kbps
Channel(s)      : 2 channels
Sampling rate   : 44.1 KHz
Resolution      : 16 bits


[b]


A number of people are posting my torrents on other trackers.
I have no problem with that - (Not much need as I already do this) - But a name check would be nice
I was the one who spent weeks,months,years recording them


[/b]

.
