Collection of Marvel Manga Comics.

Spider-Man: The Manga is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami which retold the story of Spider-Man in a Japanese setting. It was originally published in Japan from January 1970 to September 1971 in Monthly Shōnen Magazine.  The English-language versions of the series was reprinted by Marvel Comics across thirty-one issues from December 1997 to April 1999. Eight out of the thirteen Japanese stories in total were fully translated, with several edits to remove some of the violent scenes. The final issue, #31, began the translation of the ninth story and was left incomplete due to the title's cancellation.
A Junior high school student named Yu Komori is bitten by a radioactive spider, which gave him spider-like powers like the U.S. Spider-Man, Peter Parker. Yu faces Japanese versions of villains such as Electro, the Lizard, and the Kangaroo. The series also featured counterparts of Aunt May, named "Mei", and J. Jonah Jameson, who is the publisher of the newspaper Yu works at.
Initially, Ikegami both wrote and drew the stories. On completion of the sixth story, Kazumasa Hirai became the writer, while Ikegami continued to provide the art. The first few stories featured analogues to several of Spider-Man's villains and supporting cast, while maintaining an altogether more moody atmosphere. The later Hirai-written stories deviated further from the source material and included scenes of sexual and gruesome imagery of a kind not seen in the original U.S. Spider-Man comics. The later stories involved less comedy, was more dramatic, and the art was more realistic, reflecting Ikegami's later style.


X-Men: The Manga was published between 1998 -1999 and was another attempt by Marvel to break into the Japanese comic market.  The series was produced by Hiroshi Higuchi, Miyako Kojima, Koji Yasue, and others. Bamboo Comics/Marvel Comics Group.  It borrowed stories from the first two seasons of the Fox Network's X-Men animated series and lasted for 26 issues.


From 2000 to 2002 Marvel introduced the [b]Mangaverse[/b] with a sequel "New Mangaverse" released in late 2005/early 2006.  The series depicts an alternate Marvel universe (and possibly a splinter version of said universe), its characters drawn and portrayed in a Manga-like style.  The majority of the artwork in the first volume seemed to bounce between different artists but seemed to be primarily in the hands of Ben Dunn, whose work is best known on the comic series Ninja High School.  The artwork for the five issue miniseries New Mangaverse: The Rings of Fate was done by Tommy Ohtsuka.

Three years prior to the opening story in Marvel Mangaverse: New Dawn  Dr. Banner discovered the Negative Zone, a dimension which contains vast amounts of energy, and was tricked by the terrorist organization HYDRA into building "the Energy Well", a means of harvesting this energy, to power their weapon of mass destruction. However, when the weapon was fired it created a massive EMP which caused a global blackout for twenty-four hours, killing thousands. During this time of crisis, Prince Namor of Atlantis led an invasion of the surface but was stopped by Iron Man, who disappeared soon after. Tony Stark rescued the now insane Dr. Banner and suppressed any memory of his involvement from his mind with a Cerebral Driver.


Hulk: The Manga that was originally published in Japan in 1970 in Weekly Bokura Magazine has yet to be scanned.


Released on http://ComicPirates.info