Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a lossy master.

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

apandroids (JPNDRDS) are a two piece band from Vancouver, BC. This ‘band’ started in 2006 as a creative outlet for the post-teenage angst of Brian King and David Prowse. Originally intended to be a trio, the boys decided to forgo the logistical nightmare of having a ‘lead singer’ and do it themselves. As a consequence, Japandroids were/are/will be 1 guitar, 1 set of drums, and 2 vocalizers. They call it garage rock. They don’t care what you call it, as long as it’s not minimal. Japandroids are maximal - a two piece band trying to sound like a five piece band. Supporting Japandroids gets you into Heaven - no questions asked.

Tracklist:

1 The Boys Are Leaving Town full track 3:58
2 Young Hearts Spark Fire full track 5:02
3 Wet Hair full track 3:09
4 Rockers East Vancouver full track 4:28
5 Heart Sweats full track 4:21
6 Crazy/Forever full track 6:00
7 Sovereignty full track 3:30
8 I Quit Girls full track 4:54


    ALBUM REVIEW FROM INDIE SHUFFLE
    http://www.indieshuffle.com/?p=570

    sounds like : no age, cymbals eat guitars

    this is far from a musical masterpiece. simple song-writing, cheesy lines, and fuzzed out sound. it’s essentially two guys cranking everything to eleven and rocking with reckless abandon. that’s kind of the genius behind this album though. it’s full of a pure cathartic angst coated in sweet pop innocence. this album is immediately catchy and infinitely fun, and it doesn’t require any sort of in-depth analysis. everything is right on the table when singer yells, “We used to dream, now we worry about dying” in “Young Hearts Spark Fire.” And the honest vulnerability is matched by fun-loving optimism when he returns “I don’t wanna worry about dying, I just wanna worry about sunshine girls.

    the best part is that there isn’t a single moment on the album that feels fake or forced. even live, these guys play with genuine conviction and raw emotion. though corny at times with lines like “we’ll stay together forever, stay sick together, stay crazy forever,” this album is full of pure, raw emotion and never takes itself too seriously. The duo that is Japandroids are a refreshing reminder that sometimes, simplicity is a good thing. 



Years For Beards wrote:

    Japandroids debut album, Post-Nothing, is mindless fun and pure genius. The album is an infinite reincarnation of the loudest and most exciting basement shows and captures the intensity in its overwhelmingly distorted guitar sound and painfully shouted vocals. The equation is as simple as the music itself, guitar riff plus crashing drums plus two sentences that are fun to yell through the course of a three minute track equals Post-Nothing. 
