Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------
		
Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue

Explosions In The Sky is an American instrumental post-rock band which formed in Austin, Texas in 1999. Munaf Rayani, Mark Smith, and Michael James had just moved to Austin from Midland, Texas, and drummer Chris Hrasky had just moved to Austin from Rockford, Illinois.

The band quickly gained a reputation for their live shows even amongst other established local bands such as Lift To Experience. They also garnered a small amount of media attention as a result of their second album, Those Who Tell the Truth Shall Die, Those Who Tell the Truth Shall Live Forever, due to rumors linking it to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks - The album was released in late August 2001, with liner notes containing a picture of an airplane and the text "This Plane Will Crash Tomorrow".

"The Earth Is Not A Cold Dead Place" is their third full-length album (counting "How Strange, Innocence" as their debut, see below). It shows the band has developed their characteristic sound to its full potential and the album has been critically acclaimed.

Friday Night Lights, the football movie based on the book of the same name, featured a soundtrack consisting mostly of songs by Explosions in the Sky, both original (as found on the Friday Night Lights soundtrack ) and from earlier releases. They are also frequently played in the TV-series sharing the name.

21: The Rescue, an experimental work for which the band sat down for eight days creating a song for each. The clapping and finger snapping on "Day Eight" is a good example of a harmonic restructuring of their old sound.

How Strange, Innocence, the band's debut album, was finally remastered and re-released, making it accessible to a much larger audience. The first pressing consisted of only 300 CD-Rs that the band would later regret handing out as they felt the work to be naive, musically simple and not up to their standards. They have since learned to love, as well as hate, their debut as a showcase of their emotional range and emerging talent.

The newest full-length album, entitled 'All Of A Sudden, I Miss Everyone' came out as of February 20th, 2007. The band is now on an extensive tour supporting the release.

Munaf Rayani - guitar
Mark Smith - guitar
Michael James - bass/electric guitar
Chris Hrasky - drums

2007 - All of a Sudden I Miss Everyone (Deluxe Edition) [FLAC]
2005 - Travels in Constants, Volume 21 - The Rescue [FLAC]
2004 - Friday Night Lights (OST) [FLAC]
2003 - The Earth Is Not a Cold Dead Place [FLAC]
2001 - Those Who Tell the Truth Shall Die, Those Who Tell the Truth Shall Live Forever [FLAC]
2000 - How Strange, Innocence [FLAC]