Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Party in the U.S.A." is a pop song performed by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. The song was written by Lukasz Gottwald, Claude Kelly and Jessica Cornish, and produced by Gottwald. Released as the lead single from Cyrus' second extended play The Time of Our Lives, it served as promotion for her Wal-Mart clothing line with Max Azria. The song was scheduled to be released to mainstream radio on August 3, 2009, but the release date was changed to July 29 following an illegal leak on the Internet. "Party in the U.S.A." is a mid-tempo song and has prominent pop rock characteristics. The song's lyrics evoke Cyrus' move from Nashville, Tennessee to Los Angeles, California.

"Party in the U.S.A." received critical praise for its lyrics, reflective change of pace and portrayal of variety. The song garnered commercial success for Cyrus in several nations, including Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States. In the Billboard Hot 100, the song reached its highest international peak at number two due to strong digital sales that placed it at number one on Hot Digital Songs. The song became her best charting single, first number one on Hot Digital Songs and Hollywood Records' fastest selling song. The song reached number one on the Billboard Pop 100 chart on October 30th, 2009. The song has stayed in the top ten of the Hot 100 for 12 weeks beating out The Climb's eight weeks

A Grease-inspired music video, directed by Chris Applebaum, to "Party in the U.S.A." was released on September 23. Cyrus promoted the song by performing it at several venues, including on her first international concert tour, Wonder World Tour.

The music video for "Party in the U.S.A.," directed by Chris Applebaum, premiered in ABC's music lounge on September 23, 2009. A sneak peek of the video premiered earlier the same day on Dancing with the Stars in the United States. The video then premiered to the United Kingdom in Cyrus's official UK MySpace on September 24.

Applebaum told Jocelyn Vena of MTV news that Cyrus came to him with a vision of a "high-gloss, glamorous white trash" video that would also pay tribute to one of her favorite films, Grease, and to her parents' courting days. Applebaum says the video "sprang forward from that scene in Grease where John Travolta is singing ... and he gets out of the car and goes to jungle gym and sits in one of the swings and sings the song at night as projections go in the background".

The video commences in a defunct drive-in theater, named the Corral Drive-In after the location of one of Tish and Billy Ray Cyrus' first dates. Cyrus arrives at the theater in a black 1979 Pontiac Trans Am, the car her mother drove when she was younger. Cyrus wears blue short shorts, a brown slightly low-cut tank top, a black bra, cowboy boots, and a cardigan. As she exits the car she is joined by four of her friends. Other teenagers continue to arrive in vintage cars. Cyrus sings while standing in the back of a pick-up truck with a microphone in her hand and dancing with her friends. The video proceeds to Cyrus leaning against a wall which reads "Corral Drive-In". As the video progresses in both settings, an American flag unravels before a single wall in a vacant landscape and, afterward, Cyrus performs before it while being sprinkled with glitter. The video then features shots of Cyrus and background dancers at night in the theater, balancing on swings and climbing on a jungle gym. In the conclusion of the music video, Cyrus and her friends perform the song on a stage while the a projection of the American flag and the letters "USA" flash behind them.

Vena of MTV news described the video as "reminiscent of Cyrus' performance of the track on the Teen Choice Awards over the summer — minus the pole dancing." However, The Huffington Post believed that though Cyrus "[kept] it real" in the video, her dance moves remained risqué. LimeLife's Susie Anderson took issue with her clothing, saying she enjoys "Party in the U.S.A."'s "fun and [..] young feel", but that Cyrus' "extremely short shorts and a cleavage-bearing shirt" is "a bit racy for a 16 year old." Bill Lamb of About.com felt the video celebrated being "young and American", thereby fitting the "themes and sound of the song nearly perfectly. [... The] clip remains gently laidback matching the tempo and tenor of the song." The music video onhas over 30 million views since it's release on September 23.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

