Ice.Age.3.Dawn.of.the.Dinosaurs.2009.DVDrip.iNTERNAL.XviD-BPDcarrier

Video: 2CDs, XviD, widescreen video, 720x384, 1595kbps, 25fps

Audio: 2 audiotracks: English (AC3 stereo) + Estonian dub (AC3 surround-sound)

Subtitles: English, Estonian, Latvian, Lithuanian and Icelandic subtitles

Extras: featurette about Scratte, a music video and English / Estonian / Icelandic / Latvian / Lithuanian audios as external MP3s

After the events of "Ice Age: The Meltdown", life begins to change for Manny and his friends: Scrat is still on the hunt to hold onto his beloved acorn, while finding a possible romance in a female sabre-toothed squirrel named Scratte. Manny and Ellie, having since become an item, are expecting a baby, which leaves Manny anxious to ensure that everything is perfect for when his baby arrives. Diego is fed up with being treated like a house-cat and ponders the notion that he is becoming too laid-back. Sid begins to wish for a family of his own, and so steals some dinosaur eggs which leads to Sid ending up in a strange underground world where his herd must rescue him, while dodging dinosaurs and facing danger left and right, and meeting up with a one-eyed weasel known as Buck who hunts dinosaurs intently.

Jääaeg kestab ikka veel ning kõva külma ja ohtra lumega harjunud seltskond elab oma elu. Scrat üritab endiselt tabada ihadusväärset tammetõru (kusjuures seda tehes tekib lootus leida ka tõeline armastus), Manny ja Ellie ootavad oma minimammuti sündi, laiskloom Sid satub pahandustesse, kui veab omale peret luues koopast välja kolm saurusemuna. Mõõkhambuline tiiger Diego aga kahtleb, kas selles seltskonnas liikumine teda liiga pehmeks pole teinud.
Pärast seda, kui juhmivõitu Sid kaob allpool jääd ja lund asuvasse salapärasesse maailma, asuvad sõbrad teda päästma. Seda tehes puutuvad nad kokku nii lendavate kui sammuvate dinosaurustega, võitlevad elusloodusega ja leiavad endale uue kartmatu abilise, kelle elu sisuks on kassi-hiire-mäng suurte kiskjatega.


Visitit my account:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/eestiasi      

Estonian music, movies, XXX & audiobooks download:  http://kuldkalake2.co.cc/

No credit for me...credit to EVERYONE for sharing!