This should be an informative video that you should find compelling to
view so as to perhaps bring about a re-examination of your own views on what
tolerance you allow those who do not have a fair attitud towards
Europeans wanting to prsenve their spirit and character in the best
form it is to be found in, on this entire earth.

The infliction of non-Euro sensibilities and cultures on the peoples
of Irish sensibilities is a clear travesty that must be checked.

Is everyone in fact equal?

If you watch the movie we posted for you here (Pirates XXX) you'll see
an example of why that is a ludicrous idea.

In this movie (Pirates XXX), we are shown a demonic mindset that enjoys the thrill
of throwing a beautiful; Irishwoman overboard a ship, in order to feed the sharks
and his perverse idea of what is "pleasurable" an idea for the inane. The man is 
in any vent perhaps "not red blooded" enough to have other designs instead with
what to do with this planet of ours.

Why would anyone want to perpetrate such ideas of humour, or valour even?

There is a substantial amount of published research in Personality and social
theory (Im setting up a public website on this soon) that explains differentorientations and personality types that form (even cross-cultural and across racial boundaries too) that have the sorts of characteristics that bring them together in what is the current drive towards world domanition of the sort that seeks to annihilate the Euro culture of irish beauty in favout of he inane, under
the ruse of what is called "equal rights" for all the inane as that is who can be described this way - equally inane.

Many of the movies we post here show this dicotomy in human affairs and human existance - good versus evil, human versus geek.


Who will win? We successfully defended our views in a recent court case here
as these views were very much at the heart of the proceedings that had
been commenced. I spoke on thes matters with great conviction. We are certain
to change the course this country is headed in with a complete repudiation of
all forms of "affirmative acion" and multicultural baggage linked to this all,
equally.


The world belongs to those of Irish spirit, I say! And this, based on
nothing other than true Christian merit.

I have always thought utopia would have required that the best of the British
lead the world, along with their like minded folks from Italy France Germany
and Ireland/Australia.

That is the combination that can yield the best of a compatible culture that is 
sustainable and arguably supreme in merit to what is being advocated now by the
minds of demonic types instead that do the stuff in cultural destruction of
our spirit similar in nature to what the pirate I describe does in the movie.

Not all pirates are "equal" therefore.


Michael Rizzo Chessman


View the video and speak out for your own in a Chritianly way of true fairness.

By the way, I am not a geek, but an actor on the stage professionally in 
past stints in British boarding school and University career. I am in fact strong
with the blood of a true Irishman - from Italy in fact! so there! 

I am an Honours laureate in my work in Political Phiolosphy and even Psychology
at the University of Alberta coursework.
















