 Ten

(Posted: November 9, 2009)  
      
Sister Dee treats sadism like it’s a game. It makes every cold move more satisfying. Ten is the perfect bitch for games like that. She’s young, she’s hot and she’s willing to take anything Dee can think of. And boy, does Dee have some wonderful ideas. 

First Ten is going to suffer some humiliation. Dee pelts her with rubber balls for her own amusement and then whips her with the elephant trunk. That is mildly humiliating but nothing compared to being made to crawl like a worm for the privilege of kissing Sister Dee’s boots. Ten’s outfit is nice but Dee observes that no outfit is complete without a bright red ass. Ten needs Dee to fix it for her and begs repeatedly to have her ass spanked. 

The ground is just too far down for Dee to give a really good spanking. She ties Ten over a bamboo rod that arches her back and pushes her ass into the perfect position for all kinds of ass punishment. Bare hands aren’t the only way to get it red. Dee has a paddle that may work even better than her hands. Beatings make pain sluts like Ten wet. The attention to her ass has her extra ready to have her pussy played with. Dee vibrates her a little and finger fucks her hard and sure enough she starts begging to cum. It’s so intense that when she finishes Ten can barely manage to thank Dee for it. 

Being bent over bamboo is definitely a step up from being made to straddle a horse with your arms in strappado. Ten is kept on her toes by the twin threats of having her cunt split and the pain in her arms. Dee applies clothes pins to Ten’s tits and then grabs her cane. When it is striking against her ass Ten manages to hold herself still, but when the cane flicks at the tit-pins she can’t help but struggle, pushing her pussy against the horse. By the time Dee takes the vibrator to her clit again, Ten is already ready to explode with ecstasy. She has earned a good, hard cum, and Dee won’t deny her that. 

One thing Ten can’t have, though, is a break. Dee lays her on her back with her legs tied up to a pair of posts and really starts to torment her neglected holes. The skin in that area is so sensitive that the lightest touch or poke from Dee’s little skewer is enough to elicit screams and cries. Her feet haven’t seen much action either, so Dee takes the time to cane them hard. No part of Ten can be neglected. That includes her ass hole, which Mr. Pogo is all too ready to fill. She’s the kind of slut where 1 hole just isn’t enough so Dee grabs another dick on a stick and double penetrates the cock-hungry bitch. Both holes working at once and a vibrator on her clit again has Ten cumming so hard she’s crying.  

Screens  http://topgrl.com/pages/update_full0.php

Cheers  :-)