Untouched DVD5
NTSC
Dolby English 5.1
Dolby French Stereo
English French Spanish Subtitles
16x9 Widescreen

In 1988, Seattle youth Dade "Zero-Cool" Murphy (Jonny Lee Miller) is arrested and charged, at the age of 11, with crashing 1,507 

systems in one day and causing a single-day 7-point drop in the New York Stock Exchange. Upon conviction, he is banned from owning 

or operating computers or touch-tone telephones until his 18th birthday.

Shortly before Dade turns 18, his mother (now divorced) takes a new job in New York City. Upon turning 18, Dade calls a local 

television station, dupes the security guard into giving him the modem's phone number (using a tactic known as social engineering) 

and successfully hacks into the station's computer network, changing the current tv program to an episode of The Outer Limits. 

However, Dade is "attacked" by a hacker on the same network, (who goes by the handle "Acid Burn") and is eventually kicked off. 

During the conversation, Dade identifies himself by the new alias, Crash Override.

Dade enrolls in the prestigious Stuyvesant High School, where he meets the beautiful Kate Libby (Angelina Jolie), who is 

responsible for taking him on a tour of the school. After being told of a "pool on the roof" (which results in Dade and several 

other students being locked on the roof during a rainstorm) a feud erupts between Dade and Kate. Their eventual hacking duel, 

which spans most of the movie, is judged by Kate and Dade's mutual friends in the hacking community, The Phantom Phreak, Cereal 

Killer and Lord Nikon.

The real trouble erupts when Joey Pardella (Jesse Bradford), the younger, novice hacker of the group, successfully breaks into an 

oil company supercomputer to prove to the rest of the group that he is an elite hacker. In order to validate this feat, he 

downloads part of a garbage file. Unfortunately, the company's IT staff detects this unauthorized entry into their systems and 

summons computer security officer Eugene "The Plague" Belford (Fisher Stevens) to deal with the problem. He realizes that the file 

that is being downloaded can prove that The Plague is stealing money from the company via salami slicing. The Plague enlists the 

US Secret Service to recover the file by claiming that it is the code to a computer virus that will capsize the company's oil 

tanker fleet.

What follows is a frantic race against The Plague and the Secret Service to exonerate the hackers before Belford can unleash the 

virus causing a worldwide ecological disaster.		