 http://bayimg.com/aaLbmaaCJ

Jack Evett, Cheng Liu, "2,500 Solved Problems In Fluid Mechanics and Hydraulics"
McGraw-Hill | 1989 | ISBN: 0070197849 | 800 pages | PDF

This powerful problem-solver gives you 2,500 problems in fluid mechanics and hydraulics, fully solved step-by-step! From Schaum's, the originator of the solved-problem guide, and students' favorite with over 30 million study guides sold--this timesaver helps you master every type of fluid mechanics and hydraulics problem that you will face in your homework and on your tests, from properties of fluids to drag and lift. Work the problems yourself, then check the answers, or go directly to the answers you need using the complete index. Compatible with any classroom text, Schaum's 2500 Solved Problems in Fluid Mechanics and Hydraulics is so complete it's the perfect tool for graduate or professional exam review!
From the Back Cover
Master fluid mechanics and hydraulics with Schaum's--the high-performance solved-problem guide. It will help you cut study time, hone problem-solving skills, and achieve your personal best on exams! Students love Schaum's Solved Problem Guides because they produce results. Each year, hundreds of thousands of students improve their test scores and final grades with these indispensable guides. Get the edge on your classmates. Use Schaum's! If you don't have a lot of time but want to excel in class, this book helps you: Brush up before tests; Find answers fast; Study quickly and more effectively; Get the big picture without spending hours poring over lengthy textbooks. Timesaving features include: Step-by-step solutions to problems; Complete explanations of every step; Thousands of practice problems; Problems from every area of fluid mechanics and hydraulics; Problems grouped by topic; A wealth of problems on each topic; Clear diagrams and illustrations; Comprehensive index. Compatible with any classroom text, Schaum's 2500 Solved Problems in Fluid Mechanics and Hydraulics lets you progress at your own pace and find the anwers you need--fast! This Schaum's Solved Problem Guide is so complete it's the perfect tool for graduate or professional exam review! You get fully solved problems explained step-by-step in chapters on: 

Properties of Fluids. 
Fluid Statics. 
Forces on Submerged Plane Areas. 
Dams. 
Forces on Submerged Curved Areas. 
Buoyancy and Flotation. Kinematics of Fluid Motion. 
Fundamentals of Fluid Flow. 
Flow in Closed Conduits. 
Energy Losses Due to Friction. 
Minor Energy Losses. 
Series Pipeline Systems. 
Parallel Pipeline Systems; 
Branching Pipeline Systems. 
Pipe Networks. 
Dimensional Analysis and Simultude. 
Flow in Open Channels. 
Flood Routing. 
Flow of Compressible Fluids. 
Unsteady Flow Problems. 
Flow Measurement. Pumps and Fans. 
Turbines. 
Hydraulic and Energy Grade Lines;
Forces Developed by Fluids in Motion. 
Dynamic Drag and Lift. Basic Hydrodynamics.
