Groovatron will rock you, plain and simple. While total schizophrenia and blatant attention deficit disorder might seem like unwanted ailments in modern times, Groovatron embraces these so called disorders to create a form of music that is part funk, part progressive, and all rock. Powered by the thumping bass of Tony Qualls, the rhythmic intensity of Andy Dumaresq and Steve Pesich, the wailing guitars of Marc Quagliara and Nick Ferrer, and the soulful, sultry saxophone of Tony McCullough, this six-headed beast is sure to satisfy the most savage of musical lusts and entertain even the most discerning of fans.

To say a Groovatron concert is more like a kick ass rock show is accurate, but that is not the wholestory. Bringing together 6 attention hungry 20-somethings with twisted senses of humor has atendency to instigate some very outlandish theatrics. A Groovatron show is just that, a show. It is anexperience to behold, a veritable feast for both the ears and eyes. The members of Groovatron feel that it is important to entertain, as well as rock your socks off. Playing off their desires to entertain, Groovatron has developed a stage show that is constantly evolving. Now, this isn’t some sort of rehearsed play like your high school’s version of the Music Man. The Groovatron stage show can take any number of forms, from synchronized dancing, matching (and sometimes non-matching) costumes, or full blown skits including pajama jammy jams, beach parties, interstellar robot fights, and 70’s funk parties.

Voted the "Best Breakthrough Performance" of the 15,000 person Wakarusa Music Festival by Jambase.com in 2006, Groovatron has begun to be nationally recognized as a must see band. Their exploits have become a huge part of burgeoning summer festival scene. Additionally, members of The String Cheese Incident, moe., Umphrey’s McGee, and more, have all appeared as guest musicians at a Groovatron show. With over 600 live performances under their belts, the Groovatron show continues to get stronger and stronger. This train is coming for you, whether you like it or not. So, come prepared; you will be rocked!

Groovatron adds elements of funk, rock, and jam to subtle influences of reggae and jazz in order to create something entirely new. All six members of Groovatron sing and write songs that are catchy enough to land them college radio airplay, yet musically complex enough to satisfy even the hardcore fans. The band mates met in high school in Munster, Indiana, just 20 miles outside of Chicago. Through their insatiable love of music and their intense work ethic, they weeded out the undedicated members of their respective bands and eventually formed Groovatron…and they have been inseparable ever since. Groovatron spent many a night working on complex original compositions with quirky lyrical segments, eventually amassing a large repertoire of original material. 

Some of these songs made it onto their critically acclaimed second studio album entitled, “Yes Have Some” released in the fall of 2001. Since then major jamband promotional powerhouses like Relix Magazine and JamBase.com have given Groovatron favorable reviews and approval, causing some college radio stations to take notice, which in turn earned them fans throughout the U.S. With the addition of a booking agent, Groovatron began to tour heavily and have not stopped. The year 2002 saw Groovatron perform 144 shows in 14 different states and share the stage with members of The Grateful Dead, Keller Williams, moe., Ekoostik Hookah, Jazz Mandolin Project, and many others. In 2003, Groovatron has taken a "quality not quantity" approach to their live shows. They have repeatedly performed at such prestigious venues as The Double Door in Chicago, The Canopy Club in Champaign-Urbana, and The Bluebird in Bloomington. 

Groovatron has also linked up with the likes of Karl Denson's Tiny Universe, Peter Apfelbaum of the Trey Anastasio Band, The Dirty Dozen Brass Band, Particle, Colonel Bruce Hampton, and more. They've gained a lot of exposure performing at the 2002 and 2003 moe. Summer Camp Festivals, the 2003 Taste of Chicago (which boasts an annual attendance of 3.6 million people), and the beautiful 1000 seat Park West Theater in Chicago with The John Scofield Band. So come on and get in on with Groovatron!

Current Lineup
Andy Dumaresq - Drums/Vocals
Nicholas Ferrer  - Guitar/Vocals
Tony McCullough - Sax/Vocals
Steve Pesich - Percussion/Vocals
Marc Quagliara  - Guitar/Keys/Vocals
Tony Qualls - Bass/Vocals

Genre = Rock / Jazz / Funk / Jam
Format = mp3
Bit Rate = 256 kbps

Track Listing
1. Hey You  
2. Shaunza Night Sky  
3. Mild Cheddar   
4. Outcome SOS  
5. El Guapo  
6. What You Are  
7. Triumphant Inferior   
8. Lay Me Down 
9. Gilara   
10. Bone Diggin'   
11. Hole in the Fish Tank   
12. Boom Doom   
13. Holdin' Out   
14. Satan Drinks Cheap Liquor 