xXx DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format avi
resolution 480x272
runtime 119.01mins
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC MP3
AUDIO BITRATE 128
SAMPLE RATE 44100
INFO 122 kb/s tot , Joint Stereo 


An NSA agent on a mission infiltrates the concert where Rammstein is performing only to be killed by an operative of Anarchy 99: a rebellious Eastern European underground group. After losing one of their own, NSA operative Augustus Gibbons (Samuel L. Jackson) gets the OK to run a project to find the right person to infiltrate Anarchy 99.

Xander Cage, a.k.a. xXx (Vin Diesel), is a law-breaking extreme sports enthusiast, with a propensity for rebellious behavior. After crashing a state senator's Corvette for banning violent video games run by Senator Dick Hotchkiss (Tom Everett), his hideout is raided by a SWAT Team and he is tranquilized.

Similar to the other criminals that have been rounded upm Gibbons has a series of dangerous tasks for xXx, to see if "he is up to the job", which include dropping xXx in a cocaine-producing area of rural Colombia, where Xander is captured. His hands and feet are tied up and he is gagged and tortured by El Jefe (Danny Trejo). Xander manages to break free and defeat his captors just as an NSA squad arrives.

The next morning, Augustus arrives and mentions that exposing the Colombian drug cartel was another part of the test. Xander is then given a choice by Augustus: work for him or serve a lengthy prison term for his misdeeds. He grudgingly chooses government employment.

xXx goes undercover in the Czech Republic in order to find out more about "Anarchy 99" and in particular their leader Yorgi (Marton Csokas), a Russian ex-soldier who has a grudge against authority and society in general, and indeed all political ideologies, both left wing and right wing. Delving into the dark yet lavish and tempting underworld inhabited by the group, Xander finds himself drawn to Yorgi's apparent girlfriend Yelena (Asia Argento), who turns out to be an abandoned agent of the Russian intelligence agency, the Federal Security Bureau, and he negotiates a political asylum deal with Gibbons to save, and secure her a new life in America. However, Anarchy 99 turns out to be a terrorist faction, planning a series of chemical weapons attacks on major world cities by utilizing a high speed automated sea-faring and river-faring drone named Ahab. The chemical weapon is referred to as "Silent Night", and the formula has been missing since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991. Silent Night is comprised of every day chemicals yet in combination are lethal. After killing millions the chemicals are designed to harmlessly disperse in water. Yorgi's ultimate aim is cause chaos and lawlessness across the entire world, bringing civilization to an anarchic end.

Xander, with Yelena continuing to act as a double agent, learns that Ahab is equipped with a device designed to travel to highly populated areas where it can deploy its biological missiles and continue on its world-ending journey by submerging in the ocean. An agent-turned-criminal Milan Sova (Richy Müller), unaware of Yorgi's ultimate plans, finds Xander's methods so extreme that he defects in support of Yorgi, and Yelena is forced to kill him. Then, Xander arranges an operation to raid the remote castle with the Czech special forces, which Yorgi and Anarchy 99 have been using as their base and laboratory. Xander is then captured. his hands and feet are tied up and he is tortured. Yelena eventually rescues him and unties him. After Xander shoots and kills Yorgi, Xander speeds along winding roads, and parasails onto Ahab, as it speeds down the Vltava River towards Prague, capital of the Czech Republic with a population of well over a million. Xander finally destroys the drone and the chemicals onboard, when they harmlessly disperse in the water, proceeding to quip "Welcome to the Xander zone!".
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0295701/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY