Title: Tournee aka On Tour
Year: 2010 
Country: France
Language: French and English
Source: DVDRIP
Size: 1,36 GB 
Genre: Comedy / Drama
Runtime: 111 min
Resolution: 624 X 336
Bitrates: 448 kbps
Video Codec: XVID
Audio Codec: AC3
Directed by: Mathieu Amalric
Starring: Miranda Colclasure  ...  Mimi Le Meaux
 	  Suzanne Ramsey      ...  Kitten on the Keys
 	  Dirty Martini       ...  Dirty Martini
 	  Julie Atlas Muz     ...  Julie Atlas Muz
 	  Angela de Lorenzo   ...  Evie Lovelle
 	  Alexander Craven    ...  Roky Roulette
 	  Mathieu Amalric     ...  Joachim Zand
 	  Damien Odoul        ...  François
 	  Ulysse Klotz        ...  Ulysse
 	  Simon Roth          ...  Baptiste
 	  Joseph Roth         ...  Balthazar


IMDB Link:             
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1451762/

Synopis: A wily entrepreneur takes a new style of burlesque to the old world in this comic road movie from director Mathieu Amalric. Joachim (director Amalric) left his home, his family and his career in Paris to go to the United States and pursue new opportunities. Several years later, he comes back on a mission -- Joachim has become a devotee of "New Burlesque," in which dancers combine the glamour and style of classic era exotic performers with a new and transgressive approach. Joachim has assembled a troupe of New Burlesque performers and brought them to Europe, certain there's a large and enthusiastic audience waiting for them in France. However, France isn't quite as certain, and Joachim has a hard time finding venues for his performers, while his show-biz contacts from his days as a television producer are quite wary of his latest scheme. Joachim also learns that his former girlfriend (Florence Ben Sadoun) isn't especially happy to see him, and he ends up taking their two sons with him as he criss-crosses the secondary markets of France with his dancers. Tournee (aka On Tour) was an official selection at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. (Fandango)


THIS TORRENT HAS SUBTITLE IN FRENCH FOR THE DIALOGUES IN ENGLISH. 



Thanks to those helping me seed. Leechers remember, the community depends on you. If nobody shares, the freebies go away. Remember, the only reason you can download this free movie is because others are generous enough to keep sharing it with you. If nobody shares, everybody loses, so even if its for an extra hour or two after you get it, remember, others want to see it too, and they can\\\'t without you.


SEE MY OTHERS UPLOADS:                                     
http://thepiratebay.org/user/noriegaRJ					