                  	Love The Way You Lie - Eminem feat. Rihanna




About the Artist

Marshall Bruce Mathers III (born October 17, 1972), better known by his stage name Eminem (often styled "EMINƎM"), is an American rapper, record producer, and actor. Eminem quickly gained popularity in 1999 with his major-label debut album, The Slim Shady LP, which won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album. The following album, The Marshall Mathers LP, became the fastest-selling solo album in United States history. It brought Eminem increased popularity, including his own record label, Shady Records, and brought his group project, D12, to mainstream recognition.
The Marshall Mathers LP and his third album, The Eminem Show, also won Grammy Awards, making Eminem the first artist to win Best Rap Album for three consecutive LPs. He then won the award again in 2010 for his album Relapse, giving him a total of 11 Grammys in his career. In 2002, he won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Lose Yourself" from the film, 8 Mile, in which he also played the lead. "Lose Yourself" would go on to become the longest running No. 1 hip-hop single. Eminem then went on hiatus after touring in 2005. He released his first album since 2004's Encore, titled Relapse, on May 15, 2009. Eminem is the best-selling artist of the decade on the US Nielsen SoundScan, and has sold more than 80 million albums worldwide to date, making him one of the best-selling music artists in the world. In 2010, Eminem released his seventh studio album Recovery. It became Eminem's sixth consecutive number-one album in the US and achieved international commercial success, charting at number one in several other countries. It stayed at number-one on the US Billboard 200 chart for five consecutive weeks.


Description

"Love the Way You Lie" is a song by American rapper Eminem, released as the second single from his seventh studio album, Recovery. The song features vocals from Barbadian singer Rihanna and is produced by Alex da Kid. Additional vocal production on Rihanna's vocals were provided by Makeba Riddick. The song gave Eminem his fourth US Hot 100 number-one hit and Rihanna her seventh. It also claimed the top spot on eight other charts. "Love the Way You Lie" has currently been number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks.
The song won its first music award at the Teen Choice Awards 2010, in the Best Rap/Hip-Hop Track category.

Joseph Kahn directed the video, shooting for which began on July 20, 2010. On July 22, 2010, photos of the video were released showing Rihanna performing in front of a burning house. Photos were also released of Megan Fox and Dominic Monaghan playing a couple in the video. Scenes included the celebrities on top of a liquor store. Fox and Monaghan also filmed inside the store and "at a seedy dive bar next door" to the store. On July 24, 2010, Kahn updated his Twitter page announcing that the video would premiere in "a week"

Plot


The video depicts a couple in an abusive relationship (portrayed by actors Dominic Monaghan and Megan Fox. The couple repeatedly fight, break things, steal, and make up again, with scenes flashing back to happier times in their relationship. At the end of the video, both Fox and Monaghan's characters are engulfed by the flames. Monaghan was cast in the video first, and suggested Fox for the role of the girlfriend. He also wrote or improvised many of his scenes with Fox, most notably the shots of them kissing. Shots of Rihanna in front of a house that bursts into flames are featured while she sings the chorus, with Eminem rapping his verses in a desolate field, as well as joining Rihanna in front of the burning house towards the end of the video. The video became an online phenomenon, gaining 6.6 million hits in its first 24 hours on VEVO, and 18 million views in five days. It broke arecord for having the most views in 24 hours. It has been viewed over 57 million times on


Lyrics

[Chorus - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem]
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now it's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High off of love, drunk from my hate,
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love it the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it.
Wait! Where you going?
"I'm leaving you"
No you ain't. Come back we're running right back.
Here we go again
It's so insane cause when it's going good, it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped
Who's that dude? I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

[Chorus - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem]
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe
When you're with 'em
You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Yeah, them those chills you used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em
You swore you'd never hit 'em; never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you spit them
You push pull each other's hair, scratch claw hit 'em
Throw 'em down pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in them
It's the rage that took over it controls you both
So they say you're best to go your separate ways
Guess if they don't know you 'cause today that was yesterday
Yesterday is over, it's a different day
Sound like broken records playing over but you promised her
Next time you show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

[Chorus - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem]
Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me
But when it comes to love you're just as blinded
Baby, please come back
It wasn't you, baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
I told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time. There won't be no next time
I apologize even though I know its lies
I'm tired of the games I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
Im'a tie her to the bed and set this house on fire
I'm just gonna

[Chorus - Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie   


Details

General
Format                           : Matroska
File size                        : 338 MiB
Duration                         : 4mn 26s
Overall bit rate                 : 10.6 Mbps

Video
Format                           : AVC
Duration                         : 4mn 26s
Bit rate                         : 9,968 Kbps
Width                            : 1,920 pixels
Height                           : 1,080 pixels
Display aspect ratio             : 16:9
Frame rate mode                  : Constant
Frame rate                       : 29.970 fps
Stream size                      : 317 MiB (94%)

Audio
Format                           : AC-3
Duration                         : 4mn 26s
Bit rate mode                    : Constant
Bit rate                         : 448 Kbps
Channel(s)                       : 2 channels
Channel positions                : Front: L R
Sampling rate                    : 48.0 KHz
Bit depth                        : 16 bits
Stream size                      : 14.3 MiB (4%)