Lithuania used to be the blank space in the World of cinema. Well, we have some talented directors in the genre of documentary movies. And few Lithuanian movies managed to win some awards in International Film festivals. I admit it and respect their authors. However, none of these movies was popular among masses; they had a very low income in our cinemas etc. It's simply because older generation directors tends to create some psychedelic movies with "deep idea", they get funded from state and they don't care whether people likes it or not after all. We simply didn't had so called commercial films at all. I'm glad that AXX festivals have moved the water in this field. Festival organizers encouraged young and creative authors to find way into the hearts of masses. They had to create entertaining, interesting, hollywoodish short movies and, surprisingly, it worked so well that they even decided to create some full-lengths movies and "Zero" by Emilis Welyvis is finest from them all. Let me say just one word: *takes a deep breath*"WOW!", I've never seen anything like that before. Great plot (not an easy predictable Hollywood stuff with bad guys and good guys), great characters (all with their own problems, world-view, typical language etc.), some amazing shots and, generally, operators work (some of the best I've seen this year), fitting soundtrack and everything is happening in Vilnius – Capital of Lithuania! Lithuanian old city, casinos, new skyscrapers, shops etc. I mean, we're all bit tired to see half of all movies being filmed in L.A., N.Y.C etc. Well, maybe unnatural overuse of BAD language, unnatural make-up and weak acting of some of the actors could be weaknesses of this movie, but just give Emilis an average budget of Hollywood movie and he will be called the next Tarantino, no joke. Well, I won't reveal any details of plot. It's just three different stories which gets connected at the end. Three different stories about people, which could be defined as wounds of the normal society. I hope you enjoy this movie and I can't wait to watch some new movie of Emilis Welyvis. Good luck, Emilis, don't leave Lithuania despite the bright shinning of the Hollywood :)


Lithuanian and Russian with Eng subs!

IMDB Info: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0968712/


Same as always! Comment, seed and enjoy - this ones a rarity! 


(By the way - this one is in Mpeg-4 format)