EGYPTIAN REGGAE - JONATHAN RICHMAN (AWESOME VIDEO WITH DANCING CAMEL!!!)
Egyptian Reggae - Jonathan Richman & The Modern Lovers (1977) [Jeffz Vidz]
"Egyptian Reggae" Appears On The Album "Rock 'n' Roll With The Modern Lovers" (1977)

Great Song And VERY FUNNY Video With A Well Trained Dancing Camel And Beautiful Dancing Girls ;)
Thanks To "Jeffz Vidz" For This Video. I Love This Video The Camel Is So Coooool.  :)

From UK BBC TV Program 'Top Of The Pops'. Dancers Are 'Legs & Co' In This Clip From 1977. They Replaced 'Pan's People' On TOTP In 1976, And Carried On Dancing On The Show Until 1981.

Vidoe Quality: OK G  (Same Clip As OnBut In Better Quality)
Lenght: 02:30 min
Video: MPEG1 Video 352x288 (4:3) 25.00fps 1150Kbps [Video]
Audio: MPEG Audio 44100Hz stereo 224Kbps [Audio]


Jonathan Richman
Jonathan Richman (born May 16, 1951) is a Jewish American singer, songwriter and guitarist. In 1970 he founded The Modern Lovers, an influential proto-punk band. Since the mid-1970s, Richman has worked either solo or with low-key, generally acoustic backing. He is known for his wide-eyed, unaffected and child-like outlook, and music that, while rooted in rock and roll, often draws on influences from around the world.

Early life
Born in Natick, Massachusetts, Richman began playing music and writing his own songs in the mid-1960s. He became infatuated with The Velvet Underground, and in 1969 he moved to New York City, lived on the couch of their manager, Steve Sesnick, worked odd jobs and tried to break in as a professional musician. Failing at this, he returned to Boston.

Career
The Modern Lovers
While in Boston, Richman formed The Modern Lovers, a proto-punk garage rock band. Other notable members of the group were keyboard player Jerry Harrison and drummer David Robinson, who later joined Talking Heads and The Cars. Many of the group's songs feature Boston-based topics.~

~In Great Britain, Richman was recognised as a progenitor of the punk rock scene, and several of his singles became hits. "Roadrunner" reached Number 11 in the UK pop charts, and its follow-up, the instrumental "Egyptian Reggae", made Number 5 in late 1977. "Egyptian Reggae" was a version of Jamaican musician Earl Zero's reggae song "None Shall Escape the Judgment"; Zero was credited as co-writer on Richman's later versions of the track.
Read the hole article on:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonathan_Richman


The Modern Lovers
The Modern Lovers were an American rock band led by Jonathan Richman in the 1970s and 1980s.
The original band, billed simply as "The Modern Lovers", existed from 1970–74 but their recordings were not released until 1976 or later. It featured Richman and bassist Ernie Brooks with drummer David Robinson (later of The Cars) and keyboardist Jerry Harrison (later of Talking Heads). The sound of the band owed a great deal to the influence of The Velvet Underground, and is now sometimes classed as "protopunk". It pointed the way towards much of the punk rock, new wave, alternative and indie rock music of later decades. Their only album, the eponymous The Modern Lovers, contained stylistically unprecedented[citation needed] songs about dating awkwardness, growing up in Massachusetts, and love of life and the USA.

Later, between 1976 and 1988, Richman used the name Modern Lovers for a variety of backing bands, always billed as "Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers." These bands were quieter and featured more low-key, often near-childlike, songs, as Richman drew on folk-rock and other genres. Out of Richman's original bandmates, only Robinson was part of any of the other Modern Lovers incarnations.
Read the hole article on:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Modern_Lovers

Legs & Co.
Legs & Co. were a female dance troupe who were mainly associated with their appearances on the BBC television series Top of the Pops between 1976 and 1981.

The new dance troupe were formed as a hasty replacement for Ruby Flipper, a multi-racial and mixed-sex septet (later sextet and quintet) who took over dancing duties on Top of the Pops from the popular and long-running female dance group Pan's People in May 1976. The troupe were put together, and managed by, choreographer and founding member of Pan's People, Flick Colby, and fellow Pan's People dancer Ruth Pearson.

Members
The original Legs & Co. line-up consisted of:
Lulu Cartwright
Gillian (Gill) Clarke
Patti Hammond
Rosemary (Rosie) Hetherington
Susan (Sue) Menhenick
Pauline Peters

Sue (who replaced Louise Clarke as a member of Pan's People in 1974), Patti and Lulu had been members of Ruby Flipper, and it was decided that they should remain as part of the new line-up. Three further dancers were chosen to complete the sextet: Gill had been a finalist in the Miss UK 1976 contest, Rosie was a student at the Italia Conti stage school, and Pauline, the first black female dancer to appear as a member of a dance troupe on Top of the Pops, had appeared on stage in various West End productions.

Although Pan's People are more fondly remembered by past TOTP viewers, the original Legs & Co. line-up stayed together longer than any of the various Pan's People line-ups. During their time on the show, only one personnel change occurred within the troupe; when Pauline Peters left the group in March 1981, she was eventually replaced by singer and dancer Anita Mahadervan, the first Asian dancer to appear on Top of the Pops.
Read the hole article on:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legs_&_Co.
