Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Famous Last Words" is the second single and thirteenth track from My Chemical Romance's third studio album, The Black Parade. It was released on January 22, 2007. It is also the band's ninth overall single. The music video premiered on December 12, 2006 on MTV2 and on December 13, 2006 on the Much Music program, and on MuchOnDemand in Canada. The video was officially premiered in the United States on the January 11 episode of Total Request Live, and debuted on the countdown the following Tuesday at #5, the band's highest TRL debut for a video. It went onto become their third #1 video on the countdown (following "Helena" and "The Ghost of You"). On March 26, 2007 the video retired at #5 on TRL. On March 12, 2007, they performed this song on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.

The music video shows the Black Parade float that My Chemical Romance were performing on in "Welcome to the Black Parade" burning, while looking like it has been through a substantial amount of wear and tear. The rest of the background is scattered with burning props from the video of "Welcome to the Black Parade", and fire is seen all around. All of the followers of The Black Parade have abandoned the band, and the band seems to be in a desperate state. Gerard Way looks particularly rough, and he appears to look like he is dying or is very ill because of the make-up he is wearing, especially around his eyes. This make-up is similar to that worn by "The Patient" in the "Welcome to the Black Parade" video, albeit without the hospital gown. He also adopts a wide eyed, insane-looking facial expression. In some parts of the video, he can be seen wearing a skull-designed mask. The band's 'condition' gets worse as the song goes on until the band revert to thrashing around in the dirt while performing. Although this video was a fairly basic concept compared to past videos, it is regarded by fans as by far the darkest video the band has created. In an interview for the music video, Gerard Way says that it was written at "the darkest period in this band's career."A shortened edit of the song is used in the video with one bridge and two chorus repeats removed. The instrumentals at the end of the song are continued in the video with a sustained guitar chord accompanying the last few vocal lines, whereas, in the album version, they were faded out by engineer Chris Lord-Alge until only lead singer Gerard Way's voice can be heard. At the end of the video, the float from the "Welcome to the Black Parade" is seen burning.

In the shooting, band member Bob Bryar sustained 2nd and 3rd degree burns on the back of his calves while shooting the video, yet persisted in staying till the recording was finished. (This later resulted in gangrene.) Other injuries include Gerard tearing muscle in his lower leg and foot (caused by Frank Iero tackling him when he was in a power slide-like kneeling position), which left him in a hospital for several days. Gerard recalls that during the filming they were all "mortified" from the engulfing flames surrounding the set. After the stay in the hospital, the doctors refused to let them to perform in San Diego as the band originally planned.

The video premiered in the United States on Total Request Live on January 11, 2007. On January 24, 2007, the video reached the #1 spot on TRL, and spent nine days at the top of the countdown, before becoming the band's first video to retire on the countdown, on March 26, 2007. The U.S. version of the video is mostly the same as the version first seen in the UK, the only difference being that it completely cuts out Bryar's incident with the heat at the end of the video. This version has started to air on British television, or at least on the music channel Scuzz TV, and Kerrang! TV. The video has also been viewed more than 43 million times onAs of January 19th, it is the fourth most-viewed clip in the "music" section (behind such videos as "Girlfriend", by Avril Lavigne and the band's video for "Teenagers"), and the 7th most-viewed clip on the entire site.


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 
