Dream Home 
http://i.yai.bz/assets/09/334/l_p0013133409.jpg 
http://tube.hk/images/titles_cache/550x795_movie6081postersdream_home-hk_teaser.jpg
Wai dor lei ah yut ho 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1407972/
Language:  	Cantonese, Mandarin
Subtitles: 	English, Traditional Chinese
After tackling genres like dark comedy and even family melodrama, director Pang Ho Cheung further extends the range of his filmography with the controversial slasher thriller Dream Home, also the explosive debut of 852 Films, founded by actress Josie Ho, actor-musician Conroy Chan, and Andrew Ooi. As co-producer and star, Ho takes on the role of a lifetime as a woman who will do just about anything to get her hands on her dream property. Pang - who co-write the script with Derek Tsang and Jimmy Wan (Isabella) - cleverly breaks the story into fragments, inserting calm scenes of drama in between disturbing sequences of bloody carnage. Filled with disembowelments, slicing, and more ways of using household products than anyone would care to know, the film's extreme violence is so intense that walkouts and faintings have been reported at screenings around the world. However, Dream Home is more than just blood and guts. Chronicling the frustrations of an average Hong Kong citizen trying to own a home in the city's out-of-control real estate market, Dream Home is as much an extremely dark comedy as it is an angry indictment of contemporary Hong Kong.
On a quiet night, a woman breaks into the prestigious No. 1 Victoria Bay residential building and brutally murders its security guard. The ensuing flashbacks reveal that the woman is Sheung (Josie Ho), an average white-collar worker trying to save money for a unit in No. 1 Victoria Bay, despite her father's illness and the lack of support from her married boyfriend (Eason Chan). However, in a city where real estate prices continue to rise at an out-of-control pace, Sheung's opportunity is taken away by her unit's money-hungry owners. Determined to get her dream home, Sheung is forced to secure her home via the most extreme way possible - by murder those that live near the flat (played by Michelle Ye, Sin Lap Man, Derek Tsang, Phat Chan, and Juno Mak).

Director: Pang Ho Cheung
When she was a child, Cheng Lai-Sheung (Josie Ho) could see Hong Kong's famed Victoris harbour from her apartment. But as time passed, the old buildings in front of her home were demolished to make way for a huge residential project No.1 Victoria Bay' that now blocks her view. Increasingly disappointed and upset, she vowed to one day save up enough money for her family to move into 'No. 1 Victoria Bay' with a magnificent sea view.
In order to achieve her dream, Cheng has to work hard at two full-time jobs. She even goes as far as stealing customer data to sell to other companies. However, no matter how much she toils, she cannot earn enough to keep up with the forever out freach... until suddenly, it dawns on her: in order to get what she wants, she must take matters into her own hands.... even if it means getting her hands seriously bloody.
 
http://123nonstop.com/pictures/Wai_dor_lei_ah_yut_ho