Collection of mini-series where Batman goes up against the Predator and Alien creatures from the movies.

Batman versus Predator
The hunter becomes the hunted as Batman, Earth's ultimate detective, is pitted against Predator, the galaxy's most ruthless hunter! 
Written by Dave Gibbons, with art by Andy Kubert. 

Batman versus Predator II: Bloodmatch
Seven high-paid killers have come to Gotham to collect the price on Batman's head and erstwhile Huntress has come to Batman's aid.  But both get more than they cargained for when a young rogue Predator comes to Earth to tackle the champion of Gotham.
Written by Doug Moench, with art by Paul Gulacy and Terry Austin. 

Batman versus Predator III: Blood Ties
A father-son Predator duo come to Gotham to take on Batman and Robin. 
Written by Chuck Dixon, with art by Rodolfo Damaggio. 

Batman/Aliens
Batman meets a handful of mercenaries when he has to travel on a "mission of mercy" near the Guatemala and Mexico borderline. Into the jungle, the group finds a spaceship and later discovers they have to prevent an Alien outbreak, besides saving themselves.

Batman/Aliens II
In 1927 an explorer discovered something frozen in the Alaskan ice and he brought it home with him to Gotham City where he sealed himself in a lab. It remained undiscovered until a present day construction crew broke it open to find the explorer torn apart.
Dr. Fortune, an army scientist, soon gets wind of this and hatches a plan to combine the aliens with DNA from Arkham Asylum inmates to create a xenomorph/supervillain hybrid capable of keeping the superheroes in check.

Superman and Batman vs. Aliens and Predator 
When a group of explorers goes missing near a dormant volcano in the Andes mountains, Clark Kent and Lois Lane are sent to investigate. Meanwhile, the Batman is following leads of his own, following unprecedented worldwide sightings of Predators. But in the volcano's heart, both Superman and Batman discover something they'd never expected - and unless they can stop it, the Earth is doomed! 
Written by Mark Schultz (Aliens, Cadillacs & Dinosaurs) and illustrated by Ariel Olivetti (Punisher War Journal).



Released on http://ComicPirates.info