HIGHLANDER II: THE QUICKENING
Original Theatrical Release--NOT the "Special Edition" or "Renegade Version"
This version NOT on DVD!!!

VIDEO:
Size:				640x480 Pixels
Bitrate:			1500 kbps
Frame Rate: 			25 frames/second
Video Compression:	MPEG4 (DivX/XviD compatible)
Duration: 			1:29:52.518

AUDIO:
Bitrate:			192 kbps
Channels:			2
Sample Rate:			44100 Hz
Audio Format:		MP3
Duration: 			1:29:52.518

Both for die-hard fans of the venerable Highlander franchise, as well as fans of God-awful cinema (and I consider myself to be a huge fan of both) I am presenting the Original Theatrical Release of Highlander II: The Quickening. This version has never been released on DVD, and even a cursory inspection tells you why. While Highlander fans may debate the overall merits of this second installment in the series, there can be no doubt that director Russell Mulcahy salvaged an at least watchable film out of this disaster when he went back and re-edited the Renegade Version in 1995. Funding and creative disputes left him with little say over the final cut of the theatrical release of the film, and the fact that this edit was created by a team of businessmen and not an artist is apparent in every frame. 

Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film a score of 0.5 stars (out of four), saying: "Highlander II: The Quickening is the most hilariously incomprehensible movie I've seen in many a long day—a movie almost awesome in its badness. Wherever science fiction fans gather, in decades and generations to come, this film will be remembered in hushed tones as one of the immortal low points of the genre."

And so, it is with much love and care that I have created this file, ripped directly from the Columbia/Tri-Star laserdisc from 1991--the only digital release of this version of the film available. Anyone who is familiar primarily with the DVD releases will notice the differences IMMEDIATELY. From the sequence of events to the subplot of the Immortals actually being an alien race from the planet Zeist, this version is completely different.

Everyone involved in this production wants this version of the film to go away, and I'm here to make sure that it does not! 

ENJOY!!!

