B L I Z Z A R D               
                                              
                                                        
                 Opti Drive Control v1.44               
                                                                    
            release date: 2009-11-28      supplier: TEAM BLZ           
                   disks: 1                cracker: TEAM BLZ          
               protection: Registration          os: WinALL            
                                                                  
                                                              
     
                  RELEASE INFO               
       
                                              
                                                         
                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                       
                                                                       
    Opti Drive Control is a test and benchmark utility for optical     
    drives. It can be used to verify the performance, quality and      
    reliability of the burn and read functions of optical drives and   
    discs. Test results can be saved as a HTML report and the graphs   
    can be exported to CSV which allows for detailed analysis with     
    spreadsheets. With the multi-test feature all functions can be     
    run and saved without user intervention.                           
                                                                       
    Key features...                                                    
                                                                       
    - Support for CD, DVD and BD drives/media                          
    - Read / write transfer rate                                       
    - Create test disc / verify function                               
    - Detailed drive information                                       
    - Detailed disc information                                        
    - Disc quality tests: BLER, PI/PO, C1/C2, Jitter (*)               
    - FE / TE test (*)                                                 
    - Erase / format                                                   
    - Overburning                                                      
    - Multi-test                                                       
    - Enhanced save functions                                          
    - CSV export of graphs                                             
      (*) not all drives support these functions                       
                                                                       
                                                                       
    Changes in Opti Drive Control 1.44:                                
                                                                       
    - Bug fixes:                                                       
                                                                       
    -  Create test disc: unable to write unformatted DVD+RW discs      
    -  Create test disc: unable to write discs with streaming enabled  
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                  INSTALL INFO                
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
    Run OPTIDRIVECONTROL144.EXE and follow instructions.               
                                                                       
    Copy B-ODC144-PATCH.EXE to your installed folder and run it from   
    there.                                                             
                                                                       
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                    GREETINGS                 
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
      greets fly out to all groups which actively and courageously     
             work on building better release conditions and            
                        thus keep the scene up.                        
                                                                       
                   special greets to our friends in:                   
                                                                       
            absokt - acme - air - digerati - explosion - f4cg          
                   orion - pdx - ssg - tbe - tmg - zwt                 
                                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                
                                                          
                                            
       
                     CONTACT                  
       
                                            
                                                          
                                                                
                                                                      
                                                                       
     We are a closed group, if we need you then we will contact you!   
                                                                       
        Software worth using is worth buying.. keep this in mind!      
                                                                       
                                                                  
                                                          
                                                  
           nfo updated on       
                        2009.07.19                 
                                    
                                       
                            INFOFILE DRAWN BY
                                 H7/ACCESSiON