Year: 2005
Genre: Racing
Developer: Polyphony Digital
Publisher: SCEA
Platform: PS2
Language: English
Multiplayer: 2x, and 6 through the LAN

Description:
Gran Turismo 4 - the long awaited continuation of the cult series of sports racing simulators, for 8 years of existence has become the object of ecstatic worship of millions of players worldwide. The best indicator of the quality of the series in its sales - previous 3 parts separated total circulation of more than 36 million copies.

Simulator fill your life with the roar of tens of thousands of horsepower, the brilliance of hundreds of luxury cars, screeching tires on the hot tracks from around the world, breathtaking views and the smell of this victory - high-octane gasoline exhaust and flavor of nitrous oxide, mixed with splashes of champagne prize.

Gran Turismo 4 - a paradise for aesthetes and lovers of beautiful landscapes. Graphic photographic quality and highest detail squeezes out of the PlayStation 2 maximum of its capabilities. Astonishment would be no limit - you're sure to find yourself thinking that you want to throttle, stop the race and out of the car to enjoy the opening types.
50 tracks. Immerse yourself in the charm of the Italian province of Assisi. Vorvites a roaring metropolis of New York. Hurricane will rush to the Grand Canyon in Colorado. European endurance and off-road, supersonic speed blazing neon Japan, brightness and unpredictability tracks China. For the pilot Gran Turismo 4 no borders.
More than 700 cars from 80 major corporations and exclusive car producers of all countries in the world - from the color coded prototypes "wet asphalt, and silver" concept cars ", fireballs and" supercar "to ageless classics - Ford Mustang, Alfa Romeo and Mercedes-Benz. For the first time in the Gran Turismo series are classic cars: Shelby Cobra 427 (model 1967) and Volkswagen 1100 (model 1949). Realistic appearance and management as close to the original. All cars have the unique physics of motion and dynamics of governance.
Change the look of their car - no restrictions! Change the wheels, tires and spoilers - make competitors blush and tear his hair out of envy. Ideas and development for GT4 represented by such authoritative tuning studio as RUF and Spoon. Boost power, adjust the technical parameters of the engine and suspension depending on the conditions of the forthcoming race.
Do not like complexity? At your disposal antilock system, control system stability and traction. You do not have to focus on continuous monitoring, including simplified management mode and rest - turn the ride in endless fun!
Can not tolerate other people's records? Establish their - win campaign (Single Race) and get the title GT Pro or compete for time (Time Trial). Nitrous oxide (NOS) and boosters (Superchargers) will force competitors doomed to watch your rapidly receding position.