Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Your Everything" is a single by country music singer Keith Urban. It was the second single released from Urban's self-titled album and the first Top Five single of his career, reaching a peak of #4 on the Billboard country charts.

Keith Urban is the second studio album by Australian country music artist Keith Urban, released on October 19, 1999.

Keith Urban was Urban's breakthrough album, prior to this album, he had recorded a self-titled album in Australia in 1991, and another in the U.S. as a member of the short-lived band The Ranch. It produced four singles for Urban on the Billboard country charts. In order of release, these were: "It's a Love Thing" (#18), "Your Everything" (#4), "But for the Grace of God" (#1), and "Where the Blacktop Ends" (#3). "A Little Luck of Our Own" was originally titled "Luck Of Our Own" and recorded by singer-songwriter Dale Daniel on her 1994 album Luck of Our Own.

Keith Urban debuted at #145 on the U.S. Billboard 200, and #17 on the Top Country Albums. In December of 2003, Keith Urban was certified Platinum by the RIAA.

Keith Lionel Urban (born October 26, 1967) is an Australian country music  singer, songwriter and guitarist whose commercial success has been mainly in the United States and Australia. Urban was born in New Zealand and began his career in Brisbane having moved to Caboolture, Australia at an early age. In 1991, he released a self-titled debut album, and charted four singles in Australia before moving to the United States in 1992. Eventually, Urban found work as a session guitarist before starting a band known as The Ranch, which recorded one studio album on Capitol Records and charted two singles on the Billboard country charts.

Still signed to Capitol, he made his solo American debut in 1999 with the album Keith Urban. Certified platinum in the U.S., it also produced his first American Number One in "But for the Grace of God". His breakthrough hit was the Number One "Somebody Like You", from his second Capitol album Golden Road (2002). This album also earned Urban his first Grammy Award win for "You'll Think of Me", its fourth single and the third Billboard Number One of his career. 2004's Be Here, his third American album, produced three more Number Ones, and became his highest-selling album, earning 4× Multi-Platinum certification. Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing was released in 2006, producing the record-setting #17 country chart debut of "Once in a Lifetime", as well as Urban's second Grammy for the song "Stupid Boy", while a Greatest Hits package entitled Greatest Hits: 18 Kids followed in late 2007. This album was re-released a year later as Greatest Hits: 19 Kids with one track added: the number one "You Look Good in My Shirt", which he had previously recorded on Golden Road. Urban's latest work, Defying Gravity was released in March 2009.

Urban has released a total of eight studio albums (one of which was released only in the United Kingdom), as well as one album in The Ranch. He has charted more than fifteen singles on the U.S. country charts, including ten Number Ones. Urban plays acoustic and electric guitar, as well as ganjo, bass guitar, mandolin, piano, sitar, bouzouki and drums.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/