This is Garth and Nancy Nicolson's shocking book Project Day Lily - An American Biological Warfare Tragedy (2005) which chronicles the events surrounding the "Gulf War Syndrome" suffered by over 150,000 war veterans (and tens of thousands dead) without proper acknowledgment or treatment to keep secret the origin of their illnesses. Were American armed forces exposed to chemical and biological toxins that were supplied, in part, by a sinister network of rogue bureaucrats, intelligence operatives and scientists? Based on a true story, the authors wrote the book in order to shed light on a crisis facing America and the world. A fictional format was used to maximize dramatic content, however the events described are true and the scientific principles discussed in the book have been documented in the authors’ publications, reports and sworn testimony to Presidential Commissions and committees of the U. S. Congress. Dedicated to the memory of retired USAF Colonel Dr. Fred Conrad and five other academic colleagues who died under mysterious circumstances while investigating aspects of the alleged illegal testing of Biological Weapons in Texas hospitals, nursing homes and prisons and also to the men and women of US Armed Services and their family members who were put in harm’s way and were never properly warned about the dangers of Biological Weapons, and to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice personnel and its prisoners and to the people of the Great State of Texas who were betrayed and lost their health and loved ones to a vicious agenda in the name of 'National Security'. They were also exposed to contaminants in the multiple vaccines given during deployment. Project Day Lily presents the story of how one of these biological agents was found by two American scientists in veterans of the Gulf War and in civilians as part of a massive testing program and how various academic and governmental employees did everything in their power to prevent this information from being released to the American public. What goes on behind the closed doors in the American military and scientific doors will surely surprise you. 565 pages. A must read for everyone.
