TAGLINE:

It's Open Season On Goth Kids!

SYNOPSIS:

When Catholic Priest and Inquisitor Nicholas Dread finds out that innocents are being burned as witches he decides to do something about it. Unfortunately for him, his superiors don't agree and he's burned at the stake alongside two women he forced confessions from. While dying, Nick curses god and makes a pact with Satan to reign over his own kingdom someday at any cost. Now, in 21st century New York City, Dread has returned to finish the deal. His end of the bargain with Satan must be fulfilled, and many will die so Dread can take the throne in his kingdom of over one hundred thousand corrupt souls. He just has to find the right bunch of victims...and it just so happens the best Goth Club in the city is ripe for this bloodthirsty butcher bent on revenge! Can a group of Goths and wanna-be vampires hold their own when the real thing arrives?


IMDB REVIEW:


"Gothkill" is not an especially great movie, but it is a fun movie. A campy, shoestring-budget, shot-on-video horror flick produced by the previously-unknown (at least by me) Wild Eye Studios, "Gothkill" stars a cast of New York City-based unknowns headed by an underground pyrotechnician/performance artist known only as "Flambeaux." A short cameo appearance by FUSE-TV's metal hostess, Julia Chernetsky (a.k.a. "Mistress Juliya") in a leather bikini will provide "Gothkill's" drawing card for the metalhead population.

"Gothkill" has a great tag line ("It's Open Season on Goth Kids!") and the DVD has impressive cover artwork. Once you crack open the package, though, things get a little bit rougher than expected. Put it to you this way...I've seen better but I've also seen a hell (pun intended) of a lot worse! Our story: Back in the days of the Inquisition, Dread (Flambeaux)was a Priest who came to the realization that people were being burned at the stake for Witchcraft merely because the Church wanted to claim their land and fortunes for itself. Naturally he is quickly proclaimed a heretic and put to the stake himself in order to keep him quiet; luckily before expiring he manages to make a last minute deal with Satan to serve him instead. He spends the next couple of centuries collecting 100,000 souls for Lucifer, in anticipation of receiving his own Kingdom in Hell when he's fulfilled his end of the deal. Captured and executed in present day New York City once he reaches his murder quota, Dread awakens in the afterlife to find himself not in a Kingdom, but alone in a dark netherworld. Needless to say, he's ticked off and swears vengeance, once he finds the way out of Hell.


SCREENS - REMOVE THE 'X' IN THE LINK TO VIEW:



SEED AND ENJOY!!!


(AND PLEASE BE PATIENT BECAUSE I ONLY HAVE 40kbps UPLOAD SPEED)