ARMY OF LOVERS - Massive Luxury Overdose (Original album) + (1991)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD.
Number of tracks 27.

Allmusic review (US edition):
"Some album titles do nail it, and this is one of the prime candidates. From the near-cartoonishly foppish front cover photo, with the three members primed with necklaces, silk kaftans, airbrushing and more, to nearly everything on the actual disc, Overdose is just that. The most memorable number remains the band's biggest hit single, "Crucified," a totally over-the-top disco anthem on all fronts that takes ABBA's winning combination of memorable hooks and harmonies as inspiration and slathers a load of glitter and make-up over the whole thing. Having ultracampy lyrical asides like "I cry, I pray, mon dieu" doesn't hurt the sheer giddiness at work, and neither do the "I'm crucified like my saviour" chorus, church organ and twangy Duane Eddy guitar. The Army's merry series of blasphemies kicks along throughout the album, with such numbers as the half-twinky, half-ominous "Candyman Messiah" and "Say Goodbye to Babylon" taking religious imagery and tweaking it for all it's worth. New singer De La Cour does a fine job in La Camilla's shoes, though the latter pops up on a song or two throughout the album. The fondness for ritzy sci-fi scenarios still runs riot, as song titles like "Dynasty of Planet Chromada," "The Particle Song" and "Walking With a Zombie" make clear, while the same sticky-sweet combination of upbeat anthems and try-anything-at-least-once musical touches gets even more amped up here. Andreas Wollbeck rather than Frykberg is the main outside collaborator with Bard here, but the change isn't a notable one in comparison to the previous album, except for a general tendency towards big songs with bigger choruses. At points the Army ends up sounding like a clipped and discoed B-52s (check out "We Stand United"), but in general it's just them inhabiting their own little corner of dancefloor paradise, fripperies and all."

Uploader's comment: shortly after their international breakthrough with "Crucified" in 1991, La Camilla left the band - or was kicked out, depending on who you ask - and was replaced by Michaela de la Cour. 

See also "Massive Luxury Overdose - U.S. Edition" (different track list and different remixes): 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5005379

TRACK LIST

Massive Luxury Overdose
=======================
01. We Stand United 
02. Crucified 
03. Candyman Messiah
04. Obsession
05. I Cross The Rubicon 
06. Supernatural (1991 Remix)
07. Ride The Bullet (1991 Remix) 
08. Say Goodbye To Babylon
09. Flying High 
10. Walking With A Zombie  
11. My Army Of Lovers 
12. Crucified (Nuzak Remix) 
13. Crucified (Judas Mix) 
14. Crucified (Judas Mix Dubstramental) 
15. Crucified (Teknostradamus Mix) 
16. Crucified (Teknostalgia Mix) 
17. Crucified (Crucifixion Mix) 
18. Obsession (Schizoperetta Mix)
19. Obsession (Armageddon Mix)
20. Obsession (Hermaphrodisiac Mix)
21. Candyman Messiah (Stalingrad Mix)
22. Candyman Messiah (Tolstoy Farm Mix)
23. Candyman Messian (Orthodoxicated Mix)
24. My Army Of Lovers (Concrete Ghetto Mix)
25. My Army Of Lovers (Pisces Atmosphere Mix)
26. My Army Of Lovers (Nuzak Remix Club Edit)
27. My Army Of Lovers (Pisces Stratosphere Mix)

Enjoy - and thanks in advance for seeding.