Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Women" is a song released by British hard rock band Def Leppard in 1987 from the album Hysteria. It was the first single release off the album in the United States. The song was also released as a single in Canada and Australia. In most other parts of the world, "Animal" was the first single released from the album.

The single's B-side, "Tear It Down", was written during a recording session following the completion of the Hysteria album, where the band laid down several tracks intended as B-sides for the Hysteria singles. Subsequently, the song itself received radio airplay and was later performed by the band live at the 1989 MTV Video Music Awards.

The band later re-recorded "Tear It Down" for the Adrenalize album.

The music video for "Women" focuses on a boy who reads a comic book outside an abandoned warehouse while the band performs inside. The comic book, titled "Def Leppard and the Women of Doom!," features a skateboarding protagonist named Def Leppard, who travels to a distant planet and battles evil aliens to liberate female robots.

"Women" is the only one of the seven hit Hysteria singles not to appear on the Vault compilation. However, it is included in disc 2 of Rock of Ages: The Definitive Collection.

Hysteria is the fourth studio album by British Hard rock band Def Leppard, released in 1987. It is the band's best-selling album to date, selling over 20 million copies worldwide, and spawning seven hit singles. The album charted at #1 on The Billboard 200 and #1 on the UK Albums Chart.It was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange. The title of the album was thought up by drummer Rick Allen, relating to his experiences during the time of his auto accident, and the worldwide media coverage that followed. It's also the last album to feature guitarist Steve Clark, but their next album, Adrenalize is the last to feature his songwriting.

The album was the follow-up to the band's 1983 breakthrough Pyromania. Its creation process was one of the longest ever for a rock album, taking over three years, and was plagued by many trials, such as the December 31, 1984 car accident that cost Rick Allen his left arm.

Subsequent to the release of the album, Def Leppard published a book on the tough times the band went through to record the album, including issues with production and Rick Allen's car crash. Ordering information was printed on the last page of the cover booklet inside the CD case.

At the time of the LP's release, this was the longest rock album ever released as a single LP or cassette, clocking in at just under 63 minutes long. This beat out Deep Purple's 1980 compilation Deepest Purple: The Very Best of Deep Purple, which was 61½ minutes long. The iconic album cover was designed by Andie Airfix of Satori, who has done other covers of Def Leppard albums before and since.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/