Returnil System Safe 2011 uses an advanced anti-malware and virtualization technology. It clones (copies) your operating system and creates a virtual environment for your PC. Instead of loading the native operating system, a clone is loaded that allows you to run your applications and perform your online activities in an entirely isolated environment. In this manner, your actual operating system is never affected by viruses, Trojans, malware and other malicious threats. To return to the actual operating system environment, you just need to restart your PC. While working in the virtual environment, you have the option of saving documents and files so that your data will not be lost when the system is restarted.

Returnil System Safe is built with the end-user in mind. It shouldn't be stressful to surf the internet or to download a program you really would like to try out. It   uses a combination of antivirus, antimalware, system restore and a virtual system to protect your computer from all types of viruses and other malicious threats.

Overall Product
New an improved interface
Clear protection status of your system
Manage main features from one screen

Virus Guard (Anti-malware and Anti-spyware)
  Real-time protection - define your own shield sensitivity
  Quick Scan - light on resources and effective
  Full Scan - thorough scan of pre-defined areas on your computer
  Scan is dynamically adjustable to user workload (less resource intensive)

Virtual Mode
  Protect your system - Virtualize it!
  Virtual Mode Always On or just in current session
  Ability to save files via File Manager
  Powerful anti-execute protection

System Restore (System Rollback)
  Repair infections with ease
  Restore your system to a previously known/clean state
  Recover individual infected files
  Do not ever worry about loosing your data


scanned with CIS 5.0.16... + SuperAntiSpyware + Malwarebytes = Malware FREE

ENJOY
       scuba-doo


share the wealth and seed, comments are more then welcome	