Ganesha is proudly present our own debut album free to download.

MP3 Variable bit rate ~250kbps

Song list:

1. Al-George
2. BKK
3. Incomparable
4. Little Arrows
5. Shia
6. Sillapin
7. Somjitr
8. Speaking Roses (Fast Swing)
9. Speaking Roses
10. Ta-Waan
11. Wedding Road
12. X-Gal

With profile in both Thai and English.

More information at http://www.ganeshamusic.com
or become a fan at


GANESHA - 
“ s-h-i-a ” 
“The Spirit of Black Music” 

By Jarinporn Tuntikijsirivong 

GANESHA Band is a group of academic artists who share their zest for Black Music of all genres e.g. Funk, Soul, R&B, and Jazz that reflect the spirit of freedom and frankness. 
      Besides portraying the lofty movement of western music adaptation by Thai 
musicians, “S-h-i-a” has also shown an innovative application of basic cord that Ganesha has arranged them creatively into various styles of black music in which they call it Street Jazz. 
 Wonder how Street Jazz would sound like? Discover it for yourself and you will sure falling in love with their songs. 

GANESHA are . . .
Kaneth Paktrakesatrin (Bomb)
Vocalist /Pianist
Vocalist, Composer, Pianist, Sound Engineer, Vocal Trainer, and many mores are what we could define him as.. His 13 years in Music Industry and his degree from Vocal Improvisation Class, Jazzschool, Berkeley, tell us well on his talents. 

Tastawan Kaisaeng (Tawan) 
Guitarist
Tawan; a Senior Lecturer from College of Music, Mahidol University and Private Guitar Trainer, is a professional Session Man who have been contributing to Thai Music Industry in many areas.

Smith Wiriyakul (Smith)
Guitarist
Besides devoting his time to train young generations on Violin at Supakan Music School, Smith is also a man behind handsome guitar tune in this album.

Nattapol Dhebphitak (Toui)
Drummer
This junior member of Ganesha is a young-generation drummer with big flair and ambition!  

Kittuchot Kunanan (Zang)
Bassist
Zang is another junior member with big knack, who has gained loads of inspirations from Ray Brown,
Dare Halland and Jaco Pastorius. Last year, he was chosen to be one of Silapkorn’s representatives to promote Jazz in “Jazz Haue” campaign.