Season 3 Episode 1 Brotherly Love 
Written by: Jimmy McGovern 
Produced by: Hilary Bevan Jones 
Directed by: Roy Battersby 
Originally Screened: 22/10/95 (Part 1), 23/10/95 (Part 2), 29/10/95 (Part 3) 

It is four months after Penhaligon threatened Beck with his own gun - Beck himself pulled the trigger but the gun was not loaded. Beck is now nearing the end of a stay in a mental hospital, apparently recovering from his guilt over the death of Bilborough. Fitz pays Beck a visit in the hospital, but he still refuses to admit that he raped Penhaligon. Fitz and Penhaligon have hardly spoken since the incident, and she is less than happy when he visits her to tell her he has been to visit Beck. Fitz is further shaken by the sudden arrival of his brother Danny who tells him that their mother has died. Beck returns to the force just as they are investigating the brutal murder of a prostitute, Jean McIlvanney, by David Harvey, a married father of four. The evidence against Harvey is strong but whilst he is custardy another similar murder takes place and DNA samples seems to indicate it was the same man. Beck returns to work, but the tension between himself and Penhaligon is unbearable - and her attempts to try and trap him into a confession are thrawted by Beck. Fitz meanwhile begins to suspect David's brother Michael, a catholic priest who is also conducting Fitz's mothers funeral. Fitz enters into confession for his mother's funeral, but turns what is meant to be discussion about him into an accusation of murder against Michael. After the emotional funeral of Fitz and Danny's mother, Judith goes into labour and gives birth to a boy. 

Penhaligon and another female officer dress up as prostitutes in order to try and catch the killer, a move which doesn't help Beck's increasing stress. Fitz later discovers Beck holed up in a pub. Beck soon starts hyperventilating and unable to cope anymore finally confesses to Fitz that he raped Penhaligon. He puts Fitz in a difficult position, forcing him to swear on the life of his children and claiming the meeting is one between "doctor and patient", therefore Fitz cannot tell anyone - not even Penhaligon - of his confession. The police and Fitz eventually work out that killer is a woman and that it must be David Harvey's wife, Maggie, who is copycat killing in order to get her husband David released from prison. Ironically, it is Beck who finally catches Maggie at the home of another prostitute and arrests her. Fitz interrogates Maggie who proceeds to claim that she murdered Jean McIlvanney and not her husband. With Maggie's confession, DCI Wise has no other option but to release David Harvey from custordy. After another confrontation with Penhaligon, and his anger at David Harvey's release, Beck finally sees the opportunity to achieve some justice. He re-arrests and handcuffs himself to Harvey then contacts DCI Wise and threatens to jump from the roof of the Ramada hotel. As Penhaligon and Fitz desperately reach the top of the hotel, he finally confesses his guilt. He makes a sincere apology to Penhaligon before jumping off the roof, taking David Harvey with him. 

Season 3 Episode 2 Best Boys 
Written by: Paul Abbott 
Produced by: Hilary Bevan Jones 
Directed by: Charles McDougall 
Originally Screened: 06/11/95 (Part 1), 13/11/95 (Part 2) 

Fitz, Penhaligon and the police attend Jimmy Beck's funeral, which is also attended by Beck's sister. She later meets Fitz in a bid to find out just what led to Jimmy's death. Penhaligon begins to drink heavily at the reception afterwards, leading to a confrontation with DCI Wise in which she tries to push for promotion. She later makes an unexpected pass at Fitz, who turns her down claiming she is still not ready following the rape. Meanwhile, Bill Nash, a young man of 17 is running from a children's home after living with a succession of foster parents which failed to lead to adoption. He starts work experience at a factory run by Stuart Grady, who lets him sleep on his floor for the night. There is what seems an immediate attraction between the pair. The next morning, Grady's landlady jumps to the conclusion that the two are a gay couple and orders Grady to leave. Attempting to threaten her with a screwdriver, Bill accidentally wounds her badly and then Grady kills her before she can call the police. As the police and Fitz begin their investigation, Grady and Nash go on the run. Nash later spots the foster parents who had planned to adopt him and then backed out at the last minute. He arrives at their house and causes a scene. 

They later kill another man, Bill's social worker who turns up at the foster parent's house to take Bill back. Penhaligon discovers from Temple that he found Jimmy Beck's diary much to her shock, but he assures it is safe and gives her the key to the locker where it is hidden. She later shreds Beck's diary. Judith meanwhile is struggling to cope with the new baby, but finds unexpected support from Fitz's brother Danny. After they try to set a car alight, Bill is injured and Grady takes him to hospital. The nurses soon realise who they are and call the police. As Bill escapes, Grady is eventually arrested and taken back to Anson Road police station. Fitz gets him to confess - both to the murders and to his true feelings for Bill - and then asks him to help the police stop Bill before he takes revenge on the foster parents who rejected him. Bill meanwhile tracks his previous foster mother down at a local fair where he threatens both her and her young son with a gun. Fitz, Wise and Grady turn up. Grady tells Bill he loves him in order try and get Bill to drop the gun and walk away, but he is eventually shot by the armed police. 

Season 3 Episode 3 True Romance 
Written by: Paul Abbott 
Produced by: Hilary Bevan Jones 
Directed by: Tim Fywell 
Originally Screened: 20/11/95 (Part 1), 27/11/95 (Part 2) 

Janice is a lab technician at a University in Manchester who has become obsessed with Fitz, sending him a love letter which he reads out during a lecture. During a drink afterwards with his old friend and fellow psychologist Irene, Fitz meets Janice - but she is a bit surprised by his apparent lack of interest in her. She then proceeds to kill a male student by electrocution and cruelly dumps his body by a railway line. Judith and Fitz are arguing over the lack of money they have and Fitz is surprised when she tells him that Mark has got himself a job. Fitz later visits Mark after learning that he'd been depressed and finds out that his ex-girlfriend lost their baby but he promises not to tell Judith. Fitz and the police begin their investigation into the recent killings and start interviewing students at the University. During a drink together in a union bar, Fitz tries for some sort of reconciliation with Penhaligon, but any hopes he had are ruined when she tells him she doesn't love him. Later Fitz, clearly upset, confesses his feelings to Irene and recollects over some of the past events. Judith meanwhile and Fitz's brother Danny are becoming increasingly closer and Danny makes it clear to Judith that he wants a relationship with her but only if she is serious about him. 

Another murder takes place, this time of another student who Janice entices back to her flat and again, electrocutes. Penhaligon points out that to Fitz that maybe he should be taken off the case as it is obvious that Janice is killing for him. Fitz realises Penhaligon is right and advises Wise to take him off the case and bring in Irene instead. Janice then sets out for her next victim - this time Fitz's son, Mark who she kidnaps and leaves chained and wired to a timer. Janice resorts to telephoning Fitz, but the police finally track her down at her flat but cannot find any sign of Mark. When she arrives in the interrogation room the exchanges between her and Fitz are as much about him and his marriage as it is about Janice and her crimes with Fitz desperately doing everything he can to try and find out Mark's whereabouts. Penhaligon announces that she is planning to resign after she shares brief words with Judith, who has heard every word shared between Fitz and Janice. With time running out, Fitz finally breaks Janice when he begins to unravel the trauma of her childhood and her relationship with her father. Janice finally tells him where Mark is, and Judith follows the police and Penhaligon to save Mark, but it seems Fitz and Judith's marriage at least cannot be saved.