Fits on a DVDr. Shrinked with DVD Shrink 3.2. Movie quality: 85.0 % (deep analysis/2 pass)
Region free, PAL.

MENUS: YES

VIDEO: Anamorphic Widesreen (1.85:1)

AUDIO: AC3 5.1 - English

SUBTITLES:

English for the hearing impaired, Czech, Swedish, Finnish, Norwegian, Danish, Portuguese, Polish, Hungarian, Hebrew, Icelandic

RUNNING TIME: 01:41:35

SPECIAL FEATURES: Theatrical Trailer



***** PREDATOR (1987) *****

IMDb User Rating: 7.8 / 10   (82,191 votes)

Directed by John McTiernan
Written by Jim Thomas & John Thomas

Cast
  (Complete credited cast)

	Arnold Schwarzenegger... Dutch
	Carl Weathers	... 	Dillon
	Elpidia Carrillo... 	Anna
	Bill Duke	... 	Mac
	Jesse Ventura	... 	Blain
	Sonny Landham	... 	Billy
	Richard Chaves	... 	Poncho
	R.G. Armstrong	... 	General Phillips
	Shane Black	... 	Hawkins
	Kevin Peter Hall... 	The Predator / Helicopter Pilot

Plot Summary:

The film begins with the arrival of a specialist Army Commando team (led by Alan 'Dutch' Schaeffer) at a US military outpost somewhere non-disclosed in Central America. After a short briefing from the commanding officer there, they learn that they are to rescue a 'Cabinet Minister' whom was in a helicopter that was shot down whilst flying over enemy territory. Accompanied by a CIA operative, they head deep into the jungle; only things are not as they seem. Almost immediately, they find the remnants of another US military team, Green Berets; who have been skinned alive by some unknown enemy. A short while later, they strike the enemy encampment; only to find that they have been set up by the CIA to bring back important military intelligence information, rather than effecting any rescue. But something else is hidden, waiting, watching in the jungle. An immensely advanced and powerful alien that hunts only the most dangerous prey in the universe - the Predator. One after another, the team is picked off as they desperately attempt to escape the jungle by reaching the extraction point as the enemy guerrillas and the Predator close in on their position.. can any of them survive this nightmare?