Nasty Anal Tryouts (2010) 
 
http://www.spicetvstore.com/exec/v1_item.asp?item_id=1539386&partner_id=10008496 
http://adultmoviesandtoys.com/catalog/product_info.php/products_id/119014/af/906

Studio 	Evil Angel
Release Date Aug 10, 2010
Category All Sex, Anal
Director Mike Adriano
Starring Kiera King, Tricia Oaks, Natalia Rossi, Danica Dillan, Diamond Kitty, Kayme Kai, Tori Lux, Mike Adriano


All the good time women in Adriano's newest POV ass expo are knock-out hotties, dressed to tease, eager to please, new or near new to Evil Angel, and open for business on both ends. This movie is made great in casting... the "Anal Tryouts" applicants were obviously pre-screened for beauty and asshole pliability. The lighting and camera angles are bright and amazing. One forgets that it's a movie and instead it becomes an experience, made intense by the colorful sets, fisheye close-ups of everything, and a feeling of anything-goes fun that all the ladies possess. Diamond Kitty has huge tits that nuzzle and smother. Her ass gapes, puckers, gets rimmed and then our Diamond in the rough jerks Mike's cock till he cums in a martini glass. Pretty Ms. Kitty swallows every drop of it from her loving cup. Cute newbie Kayme treats us to her first anal scene, which must explain why Mike carefully preps her bum with toys and even the translucent speculum for anyone curious to see her ass from the inside out. Petite Danica gets her ass split in half before getting basted all over her face with a ton o' cum. Most scenes end here, but Danica prolongs the ecstasy as she submits to a throat-fuck post cum-gagging conclusion. Natalia manages to steal the show with her dirty blonde mane, perky natural boobs, long legs and unbelievable willingness to try anything as long as it involves her rectum. Her romp on the ping-pong table includes a game of hide and seek the ping pong balls (they're up her ass, of course). Mike delicately inserts the balls in her booty while she queefs loudly, farting them out like an anal gumball dispenser, all the while proclaiming her delight at how good it feels. She vibrates her clit while Mike slams her hungry butthole. She's not too proud to beg if it'll get her harder butt-fucking. She moans to the camera that she's an anal addict, showing her pretty face in the same frame as Mike's cock thrusting her sphincter like a well lubed piston hitting max RPMs. For the cumshot, Natalia chooses to let it land on a glass plate and coagulate before hungrily lapping it all up in about 40 licks. Tori Lux is a biker chick type with major tattoos and nice, big natural hooters to match her yummy, fat ass. After some deep ass play with a black rubber anal baller, she too gets it hard and fast right up her tailpipe. Her cumshot is the old fashioned, down-the-gullet-and-swallow variety. The bonus scene in the special features on Disc Two is a pre-Evil Angel scene of tattooed red-head Tricia Oaks, shaved clean, torn and frayed and ready for play. The mighty Oaks gapes, booty claps like a big-assed Black girl and sucks that cock with her mouth and asshole before getting a cum-shower all over her back. Adriano's "bonus" should be listed as "boned-ass." On the subject of those special features, fans of round asses and heaving tits in bright, living color should peruse the photo galleries. There's a bounty of lascivious photos that captured those magical moments and froze them for posterior-ity. True to its title, this movie is 100% nasty, 1,000% anal and ready to be tried out by anyone ready for the advanced POV+ gonzo of Mike Adriano.
