Classic puzzle/adventure game from Sega.  Very immersive game with imaginative and original puzzles.

From Wikipedia:

The year is 2066. You are scientist Lilah Kerlins. [This "you are" is somewhat literal, as the entire story unfolds through the eyes of the nonspeaking Lilah (except from one instance where, silently, Dr. Kerlins appears to shriek when a dark crystal mountain begins to rumble.), giving the player a narrating role somewhat similar to that found in the later Half-Life games]. You and your partner, Max, have just launched the Ceres satellite into orbit around the Earth. The satellite is designed to release nanobots into Earth's atmosphere in order to counteract depletion of the ozone layer and air pollution. Because the satellite has been endowed with a powerful artificial intelligence, it is thought that all further control may safely be ceded to the satellite itself. Thus, you and Max go on vacation in the woods of a mountain (one of the first areas to be positively affected by Ceres).

...

The game was not a commercial success, even leading to the fall of Rocket Science. However, it was lauded by critics such as those from Computer Gaming World [1], GameSpot [2] and PC Gamer [3]. The game has become a huge cult game among adventure gamers, considered one of the truly good Myst Clones. Four Fat Chicks described the game as "A classic...Obsidian may be the most innovative, imaginative puzzle adventure ever conceived."[4] Just Adventure called it one of the true classics of the adventure genre and gave it an A.[5]
As the game was one of the last ventures by the fledgling Rocket Science and SegaSoft teams (and no doubt because of the popularity of the similar game Myst), Obsidian was released with a flurry of advertising. The motivating phrase in the advertisements was "Your rules do not apply here," (accompanied by e.g. a picture of a lamp emitting darkness) which fit neatly into the storyline and atmosphere of the game. One specific advert (the "Egg Shattering Man" TV advertisement[6] directed by Rocky Morton) won three Gold Clio awards.