*** Small-sized 2-pass re-encode of 720p for computers (PC, Mac), PS3 or Xbox, portable and mobile devices (Ipod, Itouch) . ***
*** Video is 480x272 H264; audio is 44.1 kHz/stereo AAC LC and container is MP4. ***

"Home" of my torrents (for Bookmark/Favorites in your browser)  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/twentyforty

Schedule:
Tuesday: 24, H.I.M.Y., Chuck, TBBT as MP4 H264; ~3.48 MB/minute
Wednesday: NCIS (both), Lost as MP4 H264; ~3.48 MB/minute
Thursday: Crim. M as MP4 H264; ~3.48 MB/minute
Friday:  Supernatural, Fringe as MP4 H264; ~3.30 MB/minute 
Saturday:  Smallville, Caprica as MP4 H264; ~3.30 MB/minute
Sunday:  Legend o.t.S. as MP4 H264; ~3.30 MB/minute, re-seed of week's episodes
Monday:  Desp.H, Being Human as MP4 H264; ~3.30 MB/minute
Double-episodes, requests or Pilot ep. will be issued only as MP4 or 360p.
MP4 is ISO 14496-1(H264 video & AAC LC sound) and playable on PCs, Macs and hopefully (read Comment before download; I check every file for iTunes compliance) on iPod-like portable-mobile devices.Due to small frame-size recommended resolution for computers is 1024x768.
360p is fully compatible with newer iPod, iTouch and Nokia U97. 
Requests should be posted in Comments section of newest torrents.
"Out of schedule" shows or pilot-episodes may get uploaded randomly, if situation arise (free slots).

I recommend CoreCodec for H264 (avc1, x264) video-playback, free DivX 7 for AAC sound-playback (and .mkv with AAC), Haali splitter (free, comes with CoreCodec) as the fastest and best combination for Windows Media Player. This is what I use.
VLC player (free), mplayer (free) and KMplayer (free) are available as alternative for all platforms (operating systems) out there and have BUILT-IN codecs and MP4 capabilities. But, video quality is approx. 10-15% lower, blurrier at least on system I have.
One can try CCCP matroska codec pack, where ffdshow codec/filter packs and Haali splitter comes in one package and support MP4 playback - but extra caution is required during the install process.
QuickTime of course, supports H264/AAC natively.
PS3 + HDMI cable + newer TV have been reported as best combination.
And please, do not watch it with a nose in the screen, take proper distance to the monitor or TV (as advised in TV manuals).Many of movies I encode have embedded subtitles. So far, only VLC player is able to use them correctly.

WARNING: 

If you limit your upload speed during the download in initial seeding phase (when I am single seeder) FOR WHATEVER REASON, you’ll be kicked-out for good. What’s going to be later, I couldn’t care less, and it’s up to your consciousness in relation to other people. Any ratio below 1.084 for sure means death of P2P, torrents and whole idea of sharing.

I am sick and tired not only of Hit&Run, but of 90% who think I’m some kind of “free launch” downloading service. NO – IT’S ABOUT SHARING. If you do not want or can or care to share, please, go someplace else. Consider this as one friendly warning. 

Also, in the future, if I spot something like  kind of gang-banging of innocents, you'll feel my response, I promise. If you are not satisfied with things I've just said, please - go away. Internet is a Big place for all of us. And don't come back. Please.

Many people - even if they think otherwise - cannot make a distinction between "normal" swarm and the swarm where initial-seedeing is performed. They say "OK, 0/1 seeder"; but infact, they do not recognize all implications of joining to initial-seeding swarm. To keep it short and simple, if anyone need/wants to save on traffic - for whatever reason - better is to stay away and wait till more than four stable seeders are present. Initial swarms are for the people who CAN put upload/download speed at 1:1 ratio - all other "types of behaviour" leads to semi-catastrophic consequences, not only to individual peer, but to ALL peers in specific swarm.
Why is that, I've explained nomerous times on name-not-to-be-spoken - and I might post this Q&A part of the text here. Maybe.
--------------------

What goes around comes around. Give and you'll be given.

I am a sort of refugee from "minimalistic-was-a-star". Many of my friends, my "Regulars" came on TPB following my torrents. It takes a long time not just to make people to "recognize" my small-sized stuff, but to adopt specific models of behaviour, when they interact, cooperate one with each other, exchange and, at the end, enjoy shows and movies. 

One thing I have always repeated: Solidarity. We, people from "Developed countries" seem like have forgotten too easy what was only five-six years back when majority was on dial-up, wrestling with 2-4 kB/s. 

We also forget how hard is to live far away from all cultural, sociological cushions our societies have provided for us, be surrounded with unbearable hardness of life, live surrounded by unimaginable poverty, diseases - and a feeling of total disconnection from the rest of the shiny world, where obviously, no one cares about anything else but themselves. We, who have more must share with the ones who have less". Must. Other "types" of behaviour are not welcomed - here. People who cannot share could go away, doors are open. Trespassers and punks will be escorted someplace else.

We are the rebels by nature, that's why we are here on place called "Pirate bay" ...not to eat each other's hearts out. We are here because world around is a dark place. People who come here are not the enemies, most of us struggle to survive, and taking just that and that much we need not to feel deprived by injustice. We are here to fight unrighteousness, but not amongst us. Never forget that.
	