Clerks

Dante Hicks is a clerk at a local convenience store in New Jersey. On one particular Saturday morning, he gets called in on his day off. Once there, he must deal with multiple problems. The shutters outside won't open. His ex-girlfriend, whom he is still in love with, is getting married. His girlfriend, who bugs him about starting college, has revealed certain, uh...stuff about her past. His boss hasn't come in to take his place. He has a hockey game at 2 o'clock. Another ex has died, and today's the last day he can go to her wake. He must deal with customers that aren't so intelligent. His friend, Randal, a clerk at the video store next door, is even less dedicated to his job than Dante, and is always bothering Dante's customers. And the biggest problem of them all: HE'S NOT EVEN SUPPOSED TO BE THERE TODAY!! Can Dante manage it all?

Brian O'Halloran   	 ...  	Dante
Jeff Anderson 	... 	Randal
Marilyn Ghigliotti 	... 	Veronica
Lisa Spoonhauer 	... 	Caitlin
Jason Mewes 	... 	Jay
Kevin Smith 	... 	Silent Bob
Scott Mosier 	... 	Willam the Idiot Manchild / Angry Hockey-Playing Customer / Angry Mourner
Scott Schiaffo 	... 	Chewlies Rep
Al Berkowitz 	... 	Old Man
Walter Flanagan 	... 	Woolen Cap Smoker / Egg Man / Offended Customer / Cat-Admiring Bitter Customer (as Walt Flanagan)
Ed Hapstak 	... 	Sanford / Angry Mourner
Lee Bendick 	... 	#812 Wynarski
David Klein 	... 	Hunting Cap Smoking Boy / Low I.Q. Video Customer / Hubcap Searching Customer / Angry Mourner / Angry Crowd at Door
Pattijean Csik 	... 	Coroner
Ken Clark 	... 	Administer of Fine / Orderly 

Clerks 2
A calamity at Dante and Randall's shops sends them looking for new horizons - but they ultimately settle at Mooby's, a fictional fast-food restaurant. Free from his dead-end job (and lodged in a new one), Dante begins to break free of his rut, planning to move away with his clingy fiancé. Dante is ready to leave the horrors of minimum-wage New Jersey behind, but Randal - always the more hostile of the two - starts to become overwhelmed by his own rancor

Brian O'Halloran   	 ...  	Dante
Jeff Anderson 	... 	Randal
Jason Mewes 	... 	Jay
Kevin Smith 	... 	Silent Bob
Jake Richardson 	... 	Teen #1
Ethan Suplee 	... 	Teen #2
Rachel Larratt 	... 	Counter Girl with Ear Guy
Shannon Larratt 	... 	Ear Guy
Jennifer Schwalbach Smith 	... 	Emma
Ben Affleck 	... 	Gawking Guy
Sarah Ault 	... 	Catholic Schoolgirl
Lalida Sujjavasin 	... 	Catholic Schoolgirl
Trevor Fehrman 	... 	Elias
Gail Stanley 	... 	Elias' Mom
Bruce Macintosh 	... 	Elias' Dad 

I Do Not Deal With RAR's Or Fakes. All My Torrents Are Real