Best shooters for the PSP system

   Contains:


007: From Russia With Love

Aliens VS Predator: Requiem

Brothers In Arms: D-Day

Cabela's African Safari

Cabela's Legendary Adventures

Call of Duty: Roads to Victory

Chili Con Carnage

Coded Arms

Coded Arms: Contagion

Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex

Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2

Gun: Showdown

Infected

Killzone: Liberation

Medal of Honor: Heroes

Medal of Honor: Heroes 2

Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker

Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops

Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops Plus

Miami: Vice

Rainbow Six: Vegas

Resistance: Retribution

Socom US Navy Seals: Fireteam Bravo

Socom US Navy Seals: Fireteam Bravo 2

Socom US Navy Seals: Fireteam Bravo 3

Splinter Cell: Essentials

Star Wars Battlefront 2

Star Wars Battlefront: Elite Squadron

Star Wars Battlefront: Renegade Squadron

Swat: Target Liberty

Syphon Filter: Combat Ops

Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror

Syphon Filter: Logan's Shadow


    -All of them work

    -All english

    -Some multilingual

    -Few of them don't work if you have KHBBS activated

    -2 of them for sure need KHBBS deactivated, Rainbow Six Vegas and something else

    


    If you use Vuze (I highly recommend it):

1. Right click on the file your downloading and select "show details"

2. Then click on "files" tab in the detailed window

3. Right click on the file(s) you don't want and move your cursor over "set priority" and select "delete" or "do not download"

4. If you want a game more than an other go to "set priority" and click "high"



Once I have 100+ seeders I will upload the next collection



    I've been seeding since day 1 and i still am. You should seed as much as you download. If you download this whole file, upload it all back. if you only downloaded 2-3 games upload as much you downloaded them for. If we can get seeders eventually we can make this torrent last forever. If everyone seeded this file when they complete we could have LOTS of seeders and if we have LOTS of seeders, people could download this really fast and become a seeder sooner. 
Wouldn't it be awesome to say "I want to play this game" then go to thepiratebay,ifile.it,radipshare, hot file, console trends etc without worrying it might not exist here? I've searched for every decent game and atleast 10% of them i couldn't find and 10% had 0 seeders. If you seed my "best of" torrents we wouldn't need to worry about that! SEED AND MAKE SURE OUR PSP LIBRARY DOESN'T DISAPPEAR!!