ARMORED CORE:

In Armored Core, you are a member of the elite Raven Squadron, a group of mercenaries whose main weapons are gigantic humanoid mechs called Cores. As the Raven Squadron is the best of the best, corporations are willing to pay a high price for your services. Earn enough cash in the 45 missions to customize your Core; customization is easy with enough parts and combos to create 300,000 different mechs. You can also create a custom emblem to distinguish your core from all of the others. When being a gun-for-hire gets old, challenge your friends to combat in the Two-Player mode.


ARMORED CORE - PROJECT PHANTASMA:

What is more fun than building a robot and making it your own personal killing machine? Nothing. Armored Core: Project Phantasma gives you the chance to create the world's deadliest robot. How do you know if your creation is a success? Why not have it go head-to-head with one of the 49 pre-made robots that are available? While creating your robot, you'll have access to tons of Armored Core parts and combinations, allowing the most efficiency for your robot. You can even transfer data over from the first ARMORED CORE in order to increase your robot's potential. If you've got a friend who thinks he can create a better robot than you can, put him to the test and pit your robots against each other in a two-player split-screen deathmatch. However, if one-on-one battles aren't your thing, Armored Core: Project Phantasma offers 17 new single-player missions, each of which will blow your mind.


ARMORED CORE - MASTER OF ARENA:

ARMORED CORE: Master of Arena puts you in control of the lethal robot of your choice. The robots in this game are fully customizable, so you can make the robot exactly what you want it to be. If rockets are your thing, give it rockets; if you like chain guns, then so be it! It's completely up to you! To make things more interesting, by completing missions you get the chance to earn credits and upgrade your equipment, which is necessary to survive. Attack your enemies using intense speed and vicious weapons. You'll also have the ability to run, slide, and fly, all in order to hunt down your enemy. Best of all, this game features two discs of innovative gameplay. It is a must for any robot-action junkie.

Converted both discs in Master Of Arena to a single EBOOT.. All games tested and working on all CFW's 5.00 m33 and above using the 500 popsloader pack set on 3.72 POPS.. Like my work?? Please read the NFO and support me;)

Have you been looking for that classic PSX game but just can't seem to find it anywhere? How about those "rare" titles that were only released in certain regions? Better yet, would you like to be able to have those games playable on your PSP so you can play them anywhere you want? Want to get those conversions directly from the source instead of through "unsafe" torrent browsers? Come and request them at

                         www.reputation-resource.com