Directed by 	Miguel Sapochnik
Produced by 	Scott Stuber
Written by 	Eric Garcia
Garrett Lerner
Starring 	Jude Law
Forest Whitaker
Liev Schreiber
Alice Braga
Carice van Houten
Chandler Canterbury
RZA
Music by 	Marco Beltrami
Cinematography 	Enrique Chediak
Editing by 	Richard Francis-Bruce
Studio 	Relativity Media
Stuber Pictures
Distributed by 	Universal Pictures
Release date(s) 	March 19, 2010 (2010-03-19)
Running time 	111 min.
Country 	United States
Language 	English
Budget 	$32 million[1]
Gross revenue 	$13,664,800

In 2025, a corporation called The Union has perfected the creation of artificial organs, which have replaced organ transplants. A potential customer can apply for an organ, which are sold on credit. If a customer is unable to maintain payments after three months, a repo-man is sent to the customer to reclaim their property. The process of the repossession is brutal, and often results in the death of the customer.

Remy is one of the Union's top repo-men, who partners with his childhood friend, Jake, to collect past due accounts. Remy is highly regarded within The Union as their top performer, though his occupation causes problems with his wife, who sees it as unsavory. After she leaves Remy when Jake commits a repossession in front of their home, Remy decides to transfer to a sales job, much to Jake's chagrin.

As his final repossession job, Remy is sent to the residence of a music producer, whose work he happens to admire. After allowing the man enough time to complete a song, Remy prepares to repossess his heart. When he attempts to use a heart defibrillator to stop the unit, the defibrillator malfunctions, sending a large electrical shock through his body and knocking him into a coma. When Remy awakens from his coma, he is informed by Jake and Frank, his co-workers, that the shock severely damaged his heart. He can be fitted with an artificial heart, or die. After Remy attempts to flee the hospital, he reluctantly agrees to the procedure.

Remy goes back to work, but is unable to perform his job, because he is just like the people he is repossessing from. He attempts to transition into sales, but quickly finds himself behind in payments. Jake takes Remy to the outskirts of the city to a nest, which is a collection of people who have past due accounts with the Union, but are fleeing to avoid being repossessed. Remy is again unable to perform a repossession, after which he is abandoned by Jake until he can perform his job. Remy is attacked by a pair of men whom he attempted to repossess, and blacks out.

Remy, upon awakening, encounters Beth, whom he had met earlier in a bar where she was singing. He discovers that she has multiple organs that she is past due on, and is currently suffering from a drug addiction. Remy takes her to a motel room, where he stays with her as she goes through withdrawal. After a failed attempt to clear her account back at the Union's headquarters, Remy destroys all evidence of his life and Beth's before the two leave to live in the outskirts.

The pair live in relative harmony. Remy uses an old typewriter that Beth had given him to type up a narrative of his life, and subsequent conversion. As he finishes, a repo-man arrives to repossess his heart. After a brief struggle, Remy uses the typewriter to save himself and Beth. Using the repo-man's vehicle, Remy sneaks back into his former workplace to obtain a pair of devices that fool organ scanners used by repo-men. He attempts to force Frank to clear his account, only to discover that due to his prior attempt, all accounts can only be cleared back at the Union's central office.

Remy and Beth attempt to flee the country at the airport, but are taken by security when it is discovered that Beth's prostetic knee was damaged due to their earlier fight with the repo-man. Once inside, they are forced to fight against airport security and another pair of repo-men. Remy is able to kill or incapacitate all of them, and while escaping, comes face to face with Jake, who has now been assigned Remy's account. The pair head to a black market doctor, where Beth's knee is replaced. After the procedure, the two are stopped by Jake, who has tracked the pair. A bitter fight ensues, during which it is revealed that it was Jake that rigged the defibulator unit to fail, causing Remy's heart replacementâ

IMAGENES
 
http://img690.imageshack.us/img690/2037/96519366.png 
http://img541.imageshack.us/img541/8990/31641561.png 
http://img23.imageshack.us/img23/7861/39730143.png