Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


With her quirky, tongue-in-cheek lyrics, universal pop melodies and trademark curly hair, Lolene is quickly making a name for herself in the US.

"Sexy People," the first track that surfaced from the British-born songstress in the states, cracked the top 5 on Billboard's Dance Chart and became a dance floor anthem at clubs from coast to coast.

The 24-year-old rising star has just unveiled the first official single from her forthcoming debut produced by The Messengers (Justin Bieber, Chris Brown).

"Rich (Fake it Til You Make It)" embodies Lolene's brand of "awkward pop" which she describes as "Joan Collins in Dynasty, Studio 54, white jump-suits, and disco balls."

Lolene Everett (born March 12, 1985), also known simply as Lolene, is a British recording artist, songwriter, record producer and performer from Bristol, England.

Lolene was signed to Capitol/Emi US in April 2009 by Steven Melrose and Nick Gatfield. Lolene's debut album The Electrick Hotel will be released in October 2010. Lolene cites Kate Bush, Madonna, Prince, Debbie Harry, Rick James, Coldplay, Cyndi Lauper, Grace Jones and Neneh Cherry as her musical influences.

"Sexy People" was Lolene's first release, the track reached #5 as of Billboard Magazine's December 1, 2009 issue.

"Rich (Fake It Til You Make It)" has been announced as the official 1st single due for release in the US April 19, 2010 on Capitol/EMI records. An official music video was shot for the song and premiered on June 29, 2010.

Lolene has mentioned in interviews that the 90s inspired "Lionheart" will be the next single.

Lolene sings background vocals on the Rick Ross featuring T-Pain single "The Boss". Lolene has collaborated with award winning writers Chris Braide (Cheryl Cole, Jesse McCartney) Andreas Carlsson (Backstreet Boys, Celine Dion) with whom she wrote "Heartache on the Dance Floor" for Janet Leon. She writes with Makeba Riddick (Jennifer Lopez, Rihanna, Beyonce), Evan Bogart (Beyonce, Leona Lewis), Danja (Britney Spears, Nelly Furtado), Harvey Mason, Jr. (Chris Brown, Jordan Sparks), Elva Hsiao ("Wow", "Loving you") "Life is a Dance Floor" for Latin artist Pee Wee and Christina Milian with whom she wrote Teairra Mari's track "Diamonds" featuring Kanye West and write with Christina Milian for a track titled "Invisible". On July 8th, a demo written by Lolene and recorded by Lindsay Lohan called "Too Young To Die" was leaked through the gossip website Perez Hilton.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/