Moviecom proudly presents porncookie of the week:

Pirates XXX

"PIRATES" is a co-production between Digital Playground and Adam & Eve. Directed by DP’s multi-award winning director, Joone, “PIRATES” stars Jesse Jane, Carmen Luvana, Janine, Teagan Presley, Devon, Austyn Moore and Jenaveve Jolie. The most comprehensive and ambitious adult production to date, “PIRATES” is a monumental step towards the eminent merging of the entertainment industries. The entire production was shot and mastered on High Definition and combines over 300 special effects shots. With a professional script, an original music score and true 5.1surround mix offering all of the production values of any Hollywood box office film while still encompassing the erotic feelings and sexual mores of an adult film. With 10 of the most arousing sex scenes in the history of erotic cinema, awe-inspiring Incan magic and grandiose sea battles, "PIRATES" is an action packed, electrifying and swashbuckling sex-tale. Presented on a triple disc set, "PIRATES" sets a new standard in adult production. Digital Playground President, Samantha Lewis raves, “My partner Joone’s vision knows no limits. Each production must surpass the last and it does. It is with honor and privilege that we present “PIRATES” to our customers, clients, associates and friends.”

"PIRATES" showcases Digital Playground’s contract superstar, Jesse Jane in her first girl/girl scenes with Janine & Carmen Luvana. Merging two of the industries most esteemed production companies and casting their most demanded contract stars together is a unique opportunity for fans around the world. Carmen Luvana raves about the experience, “Jesse’s insatiable sexuality was a fantasy I can dream about over and over again.” Digital Playground contract super star, Jesse Jane says, “I have had sex with girls on camera and off camera for most of my adult life. No one has ever compared to Janine or Carmen Luvana. Filming “PIRATES” was the most outrageous and intense experience I’ve ever had.” Janine agrees, “What a pleasure to experience Jesse Jane’s authentic sexual energy, which I’m still reeling from. She is the future of porn. The scale of this production is nothing I’ve ever experienced even in mainstream film. The production values were amazingly top notch. This is a keeper.”

Filmed entirely on location bi-coastally throughout California and Florida, "PIRATES" is filled with action from deadly swordplay against skeleton warriors to firing cannons and offshore fight scenes. Tommy Gunn says, “The director Joone was incredible, assisting me with getting into character and developing that role. The locations and costuming was gorgeous and the boat was just mind-blowing. I will never forget working with Digital Playground and Joone’s vision.” Evan Stone gives high props stating, “...never before in the history of porn has a movie been made of such grandeur and epic proportions as Joone’s “PIRATES...this is one of the most inspiring movies I have ever done to date.”



Get the latest releases and swesub(nordic) movies at:
  
    
http://www.moviecom.se 


Hooked on poker? Check out 
    
http://www.cinemapoker.com

30% rakeback and 24/7 personal support from pros;-)
Now, where else can you get that, huh?


Enjoy;-)
