Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Shake Your Foundations" is a song and a single by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was written by Angus Young, Brian Johnson, and Malcolm Young.

The song was released on the band's 1985 album Fly on the Wall. The following year, the song was remixed by Harry Vanda and George Young, who worked with AC/DC on earlier albums, and was released on Who Made Who, the soundtrack to the Stephen King film Maximum Overdrive. Vinyl releases of the album include the remix, while most CD releases include the original version.

Fly on the Wall is the tenth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, originally released on 28 June 1985. The band's second and last self-produced album, it was also the first AC/DC album since the original Australian version of High Voltage not to include drummer Phil Rudd, who was replaced by Simon Wright. Like their previous album, Flick of the Switch, Angus and Malcolm Young chose to produce in order to capture the rawness and simplicity of their early works in a time when pop-oriented glam metal became popular.

The album was not well received by critics and only sold one million copies upon its release, as opposed to the success of their previous albums, Back in Black and For Those About to Rock We Salute You. The singles "Shake Your Foundations" and "Sink the Pink", however, are seen as standouts from the album, and both songs were later included on the band's soundtrack album Who Made Who for Stephen King's film Maximum Overdrive. A video featuring the band performing five of the album's songs was also released in the summer of 1985. The album was re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.

Brothers Malcolm, Angus, and George Young were born in Glasgow, Scotland, and moved to Sydney with most of their family in 1963. George was the first to learn to play the guitar. He became a member of the Easybeats, one of Australia's most successful bands of the 1960s. In 1966, they became the first local rock act to have an international hit, with the song "Friday on My Mind". Malcolm followed in George's footsteps by playing with a Newcastle, New South Wales, band called the Velvet Underground (not to be confused with the New York–based Velvet Underground).
The band's logo was designed in 1977 by Gerard Huerta. It first appeared on the international version of Let There Be Rock

Malcolm and Angus Young developed the idea for the band's name after their older sister, Margaret Young, saw the initials "AC/DC" on a sewing machine. "AC/DC" is an abbreviation for "alternating current/direct current". The brothers felt that this name symbolised the band's raw energy, power-driven performances, and a love for their music. "AC/DC" is pronounced one letter at a time, though the band are popularly known as "Acca Dacca" in Australia.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/