(NMR)


Something this good shouldn’t be that hard to find…

So here it is.


Enjoy! 

-------------------


Disc1:

01. Prologue and Main Titles
02. Leon's Voight Kampff Test
03. Sushi Bar - Damask Rose
04. Spinner Ascent
05. Blush Response
06. Wait FOr Me
07. Deckard Meets Rachael
08. Rachael's Song
09. Tales of the Future
10. Bicycle Riders
11. Chew's Eye Lab
12. Memories of Green
13. Blade Runner Blues
14. Pris Meets J.F. Sebastian
15. One More Kiss, Dear


Disc2:

01. Deckard Dream
02. Thinking of Rachael (Love Theme Different Take)
03. Esper Analysis
04. Animoid Row
05. Taffey Lewis Night Club
06. Salome's Dance
07. Zhora's Retirement
08. I Am The Business
09. Love Theme
10. I Dreamt Music
11. Morning At The Bradbury
12. The Prodigal Son Brings Death
13. Deckard Enters the Bradbury
14. Dangerous Days15. Wounded Animals
16. Tears In Rain
17. Rachael Sleeps
18. End Titles


Notes:

DO NOT confuse this original complete score with the official soundtrack released in 1994. The 1994 soundtrack release was completely re-recorded and some of the tracks were not even performed by Vangelis. 

Here’s an excellent review from Bladezone.com ;


-------------------
Review by Sebastian.


This is it. Don't look any further. Had I known this release was on its way‚ I would have found it difficult to give many of the other Blade Runner bootlegs the maximum rating in the past. 
This "Esper Productions" double cd private release is‚ to date‚ the most comprehensive and accurate Blade Runner version to see the light of day. Where every other BR bootleg falters‚ this version is resilient. I believe it's as close as we've ever come to the "Ultimate Blade Runner Soundtrack" so far. With so many Blade Runner boots out there‚ many reading this review might be asking‚ "so what's the big deal?" I'll give it a shot:

Basically‚ this release parts on a similar premise of the 2000 OWM release (i.e. a double disc release trying to take music from every BR source) but takes this idea much farther with never-before-heard
music and excellent production quality. For the first time‚ this release has virtually ALL of the music from the film (Directors Cut and 1982 theatrical release). Highlights of new goodies on these
discs:

- Most noteworthy‚ this release debuts "Thinking of Rachael" - the shorter and different take of the Love Theme‚ (heard only in the 1982 theatrical release where Deckard dozes off on his piano). A first on any release.

- For the first time‚ the incidental music heard when Deckard wakes Rachael‚ just before their escape at the end of the film is present on the track titled "Rachael Sleeps."

- At long last‚ (as in the film itself) the eerie electronic rumblings leading into the "Love Theme" is expanded and presented in its complete form‚ titled "I am the Business." (The recent Deck Music and Deck Art releases decide to "chop up" this sequence into several parts for no apparent reason).

- Incidental music from the Esper photo examination film sequence is present on the track titled "Esper Analysis."

- The "Prologue and Main Titles" track contains the original "LA‚ November 2019" sound effect cue leading into the Main Titles‚ as heard in the film itself. (The Deck Music and Deck Art releases
layered a spinner effect over it).

- The track titled "Deckard Enters the Bradbury" also has expanded music‚ not heard on any BR release.

- For the first time‚ the complete "Tears in Rain" dialog is presented here (i.e. "time to die" omitted from other versions).

- Lastly‚ this release contains interesting new mixes and transitions‚ (i.e. the fusion featured on the track titled "Sushi Bar-Damask Rose").

As gathered from reading many BR reviews in the past‚ some fans might find the brief dialog sequences distracting‚ preferring the musical purity principle of the "Gongo" or "BR 2001" releases. Nonetheless‚ it's clear that this Esper Productions release is extremely true to the film's atmospheric offerings while presenting all of the major themes in a very coherent and original manner. For this‚ and it's many new additions I find this "Esper Edition" BR release as close to perfection as it gets. Truly‚ a must have.

***** (5/5 stars)

-------------------

