Director George A. Romero's epic sequel to his legendary Night of the Living Dead has firmly established itself as the equal of its ground-breaking predecessor. Though shot in 1978 -- ten years after the first films' release -- Dawn's story begins as if the events in Night had happened only a few months before: after shambling armies of the recently-dead take over every major city -- seeking warm human flesh for food -- the U.S. government imposes a state of martial law, sending in special National Guard units to attack and destroy zombie infestation where they find it. Two members of one such unit, Peter (Ken Foree) and Roger (Scott Reiniger) have been tasked to overthrow a nest of zombies in a Pittsburgh housing project (one of the film's most explicitly gory scenes). When the job turns ugly and Peter is forced to terminate his own berserk, racist commanding officer, the pair decide to split the outfit with the help of his friend Stephen (David Emge), a traffic pilot for WGON-TV, and the station's floor manager, Stephen's girlfriend Frances (Gaylen Ross). Together they steal the station's helicopter and head for less-populated areas, but after some narrow scrapes with flesh-hungry redneck ghouls in the country outside Harrisburg, they opt for a more secure hideout. Eventually they find the perfect solution: a massive, sprawling shopping mall. After the lengthy process of purging the building of zombies is complete, the four secure themselves snugly in the miniature city, consigned to live out their lives in a dull but cushy consumer's paradise... but the arrival of a menacing gang of nomadic bikers proves that this is not to be. With their survival instincts weakened by a mallful of toys and trinkets, the crew are again forced to face grim reality as they face both living and undead foes in a final battle. Romero's excellent, multi-layered story combines high-adventure heroics, three-dimensional characters and explicit gore (by the always masterful Tom Savini, who plays a small role as a leering biker) to excellent effect. The subtext comparing the glassy-eyed behavior patterns of the ghouls to those of American consumers is clear, but not overdone: "It's some kind of instinct," Stephen comments, observing the zombies' attraction to the mall; "This was an important place in their lives." Despite the glimmer of hope offered by the film's closing scene, the outlook for humankind is grim. Perhaps it is Frannie who best expresses Dawn's outlook for humanity: "We're not gonna make it, are we?" Several versions of this film are available on video, including a faster-paced European version edited by overseas distributor Dario Argento and a "Director's Cut" with a great deal of exposition restored (though Romero is quoted as having preferred the unrated cut released initially to U.S. theaters). The shooting script also contains a more downbeat ending, which was never filmed. ~ Cavett Binion, All Movie Guide



Complete Cast:
Scott Reiniger - Roger
David Emge - Stephen
Tom Savini - Motorcycle Raider
Tony Buba - Motorcycle Raider
Pan Chatfield - Lead Zombie
David Crawford - Dr. Foster
Daniel Dietrich - Givens
Christine Forrest - TV Producer (uncredited)
Randy Kovitz - Officer at Police Dock
Clayton McKinnon - Officer in Project Apt
Rod Stouffer - Young Officer on Roof
Scott H. Reinger
Fred Baker - Commander
George A. Romero - TV Director
John Harrison - Screwdriver Zombie
John Rice - Officer in Project Apt
Ken Foree - Peter
Gaylen Ross - Francine
Ted Bank - Officer at Police Dock
Sharon Ceccatti - Lead Zombie
Jim Christopher - Lead Zombie
Jese del Gre - Old Priest
David Earle - Mr. Berman
Richard France - Scientist
Patrick McCloskey - Officer at Police Dock
Howard K. Smith - TV Commentator
Jay Stover - Lead Zombie
James A. Baffico - Wooley
Pasquale A. Buba - Motorcycle Raider
Taso N. Stavrakis - Motorcycle Raider
Marty Schiff - Motorcycle Raider


Director(s):George A. Romero
Writer(s):George A. Romero
Producer(s):Donna Siegal, Richard P. Rubinstein
Theatrical MPAA Rating: NR(Gore, Not For Children, Violence, Adult Language)
Categories:Horror

Format: DVD
Release Date: 09/07/2004
MPAA Rating: NR
Number of Discs: 1
  Closed Caption 
View special edition features
Extended Version:
Widescreen presentation (1.85:1) enhanced for 16 x 9 TVs 
Audio commentary with producer Richard P. Rubinstein (moderated by DVD producer Perry Martin)
Monroeville Mall commercial
Behind-the-scenes photo gallery
Memorabilia gallery
Production stills
Presented in original Mono


This is an EvilTSAngel Original DVDRip!

Original Menu's and Extra's included!

Enjoy and Seed!