On Sunday John Boehner said he would support tax cuts for the middle class with no tax cuts for the rich if that were his only option. Obviously, John Boehner forgot to not think before he spoke. Later in the day Boehner tried to walk back his comments. That makes more sense. You know John Boehner said something wrong when John Boehner says something right.

The New York Times has a great article about John Boehner’s ties to lobbyists. And John Boehner is tied into lobbyists like Harry Houdini is tied into a straightjacket. Since 2000 Boehner has flown at least 45 times on corporate jets owned by companies like RJ Reynolds. He’s flown on planes owned by the tobacco industry more times than he’s flown on planes owned by the airline industry. In the same time period, Boehner has also had at least 41 trips paid for by corporate sponsors, mostly to exclusive golf spots. He’s either peddling influence or planning on winning the Masters Tournament. I wonder how that green jacket would go with John Boehner’s orange face.

A Quran-burning in Amarillo, Texas this weekend was thwarted by a 23-year old skateboarder who swooped in and snatched away the Quran before it could be burned (video). Normally I would tell a 23-year old skateboarder to grow up. However in this crowd, he’s clearly the most mature person there. The skateboarder said he snuck up behind the would be Quran burner “and told him, ‘Dude, you have no Quran,’ and took off.” It sounds like a scene from something called “Harold and Kumar Thwart Religious Intolerance.” The skateboarder handed the kerosene-soaked Quran over to a local Muslim leader. If they decide to put it to use, I hope they have non-smoking mosque.

If you like gratuitous obscenity with your intolerance, check out this video (below) of the anti-mosque rally on 9/11 in New York. There’s one guy who stands out as really crazy. Do you know how hard that is to do in a gathering like this? I didn’t know you could string together a rant that long using only the “f-word” and “Muslims.” Substitute the c-word for “Muslims” and you’ve got a transcription of Mel Gibson’s telephone rants. It’s nothing but “F*** the Muslims!” I’ll give the man this—that’s the best summation of the arguments against the mosque that I’ve heard yet.
