Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Fifteen" is the title of a song written and recorded by American country artist Taylor Swift. The song was released on September 1, 2009, as the fourth US single as well as the fourth UK single from her 2008 album Fearless.

Swift performed this song with Miley Cyrus at the 51st Grammy Awards.

The official music video premeired on CMT at CMT.com on October 9, 2009. The music video (directed by Roman White) shows Taylor walking through flowers, walking through her school and singing about her freshman year. She sings about her best friend, "A redhead named Abigail,", and then the video goes to Abigail in a car with her boyfriend, and then Taylor sings about how Abigail got her heart broken by her boyfriend. "And Abigail gave everything she had to a boy, who changed his mind."At the end of the video, it shows Taylor at a high school telling a freshman girl to just take a deep breath and walk through the doors, and the girl nods in acknowledgement. The last scene shows the plot of the song on "going back and telling yourself what you know now".

Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song a mostly favorable review. He said that it will "ultimately hit home for kids who live of the moment, by the moment because it serves as a cautionary tale to remind kids that life does indeed go on, even when it seems like it possibly can't." While Leann Ward of Country Universe, gave it a B+ rating, and describes the song as "much more relevant than the parents' advice and other well meaning adults who are forced to speak from somewhat distant memories." Stephen M. Deusner of The 9513 gave it a thumbs-up, saying that its message would "resonate" with its target audience of teenagers, adding, "What makes 'Fifteen' such an effective single[…] is that it proves Swift is the primary agent in her music[.]"

The song ranked at #46 on Rolling Stone's annual year-ending 100 Best Singles list in 2008.

This song is all about being fifteen years old; having your first kiss, your first day of high school, and getting your heart broken and at the same time regretting and wishing you could 'tell yourself what you know now'. Swift told CMT "'Fifteen' talks about how my best friend, Abigail, got her heart broken when we were in ninth grade and singing about that absolutely gets me every time." Swift also said that the song went around the lyrics "Abigail gave everything she had to a boy who changed his mind."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

