Waves Version 7 represents the latest step in the evolution of Waves. With improved compatibility across the board, enhanced DAW and OS support, and a host of new features, V7 will take your Waves experience to new heights. There’s never been a better time to update!




Snow Leopard Support 
Windows 7 Support (32-bit) 
New VST3 Features in Cubase, Nuendo & Studio One 
Side-chain support 
Near-zero scan time on Mac & reduced scan time on PC 
Real plug-in parameter units displayed in automation lanes 
Plug-in menus sorted into categories


Bonus Plug-ins 
PuigTec EQP-1A & PuigTec MEQ-5 added to Platinum and Diamond 
V-Comp added to Diamond 
Vocal Rider, WNS Waves Noise Suppressor, and LoAir added to Mercury 
LoAir added to 360 Surround Tools


ICON Meter Support for Additional Plug-ins 
C1 Parametric Compander 
DeEsser 
Doubler 
L1 Ultramaximizer 
Q10 Equalizer 
Q-Clone 
Renaissance Axx 
Renaissance Compressor 
Renaissance Equalizer 
Renaissance Reverb 
Renaissance Vox 
S1 Stereo Imager 
TrueVerb


Improvements and Bug Fixes 
Reduced memory consumption during plug-in scan. 
Windows Vista and Windows 7 UAC (User Account Control) compliance. 
New Pro Tools DAE preference: Plug-in parameter single-click text entry. 
Fixed bug: In Pro Tools, pressing keys on the keyboard will no longer erase previously written Automation in Latch or Touch mode. 
Fixed bug: In Pro Tools, automation is no longer overwritten on second pass while using latch with latch prime enabled. 
Fixed bug: In Waves SoundShifter, AudioSuite processing of fragmented regions is now distortion-free.



Important Notes
V7 and V6 can run concurrently on the same computer. However, V7 and Waves versions V4 and V5 cannot. Exception: V7 is compatible with all versions of The JJP Collection and GTR3.


All previous versions of products that you update will be removed from your iLok and replaced by V7. After updating to V7, you will not be able to use these versions again.
