Aerosmith - Get Your Wings - Remastered(EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s
# of Discs 1 / 11 files 

Category  Rock Albums, Pop CDs, Rock/Pop, Hard Rock 
Label  Columbia 
Orig Year  1974 
All Time Sales Rank    1047   
CD Universe Part number  1087808 
Catalog number  57361 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Sep 07, 1993 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Jack Douglas; Ray Colcord; Jack Douglas; Roy Colcord 
Engineer  Jack Douglas; Jay Messina; Rod O'Brien 
Recording Time  38 minutes 
Personnel  Steven Tyler - vocals, acoustic guitar, harmonica, piano, keyboards, percussion
Joe Perry - vocals, guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, 12-string guitar, slide guitar, percussion
Joey Kramer - vocals, drums, percussion
Tom Hamilton - bass instrument
Brad Whitford - electric guitar
Ray Colcord - keyboards 


By the time Aerosmith released GET YOUR WINGS they were gaining serious momentum as edgy, sassy hard rock contenders. The band's sophomore effort, WINGS was the first time the five-piece band hooked up with eventual long-time producer Jack Douglas, and the result was an eight-song juggernaut of slashing guitars, pounding rhythms, and in-your-face attitude. The band's trademark dual-guitar raunch and vocalist Steven Tyler's vowel-chewing yelp can be heard loud and clear on slinky rockers like "Same Old Song and Dance" and "Pandora's Box."

The band turns in a scathing cover of Tiny Bradshaw's "Train Kept a Rollin'" (originally done by Aerosmith's heroes, the Yardbirds), a track that became a fixture in the band's live set. There are also songs about the prostitutes strolling outside the band's New York City recording studio ("Lord of the Thighs") and the edgy inevitabilities of living on the wrong side of the tracks ("S.O.S. [Too Bad]"). A too-often overlooked song on this record is "Seasons of Wither," a melancholy epic penned by Steven Tyler during a windy winter day in New Hampshire. GET YOUR WINGS defined the muscular, sexy sound that would make Aerosmith one of the best rock acts of the '70s, and is the band's first bona fide classic.

1. Same Old Song and Dance  
 2. Lord of the Thighs    
 3. Spaced    
 4. Woman of the World    
 5. S.O.S. (Too Bad)  
 6. Train Kept A Rollin', The    
 7. Seasons of Wither    
 8. Pandora's Box 
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce
