Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Spider-Man" is the theme song of the 1967 cartoon show Spider-Man, composed by (Academy Award winner) Paul Francis Webster  and Robert "Bob" Harris. The song's opening lines, "Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does whatever a spider can," have become as synonymous with the Marvel Comics character as his costume.

The 2002 and 2004 film adaptations have featured characters as buskers performing the song; Jayce Bartok and Elyse Dinh respectively. Both films also feature the song at the very end of the credits: the 2002 film featured the 1967 version, while the 2004 film featured a re-recording by Michael Bublé. 2007's Spider-Man 3 also featured the song's melody during the scene where Spider-Man arrives at a big celebration.

It is very similar to the head of two popular 1960s boogies: Charles Mingus's 1959 "Boogie Stop Shuffle", and Dave Brubeck's 1961 "Bru's Boogie Woogie", and probably based on them.

Ramones as a hidden track in the vinyl version of their 1995 album ¡Adios Amigos!, their 1996 album Greatest Hits Live, the compilation, Weird Tales of the Ramones (CD 3), as well as their last live performance We're Outta Here!. It also appears on the alt-rock compilation Saturday Morning: Cartoons' Greatest Hits.

¡Adios Amigos! is the fourteenth and last studio album by the American punk band the Ramones. It was released in 1995. It features "Making Monsters For My Friends" and "It's Not For Me to Know" originally recorded by Dee Dee Ramone on his album I Hate Freaks Like You which he did with I.C.L.C, and "The Crusher" from Dee Dee Ramone's short rap career as Dee Dee King, as well as a cover of Tom Waits' "I Don't Want to Grow Up" and a cover of Johnny Thunders song "I Love You". The Japanese version of the album features the bonus track "R.A.M.O.N.E.S.", originally recorded by Motörhead as a tribute to the Ramones on their "1916" album. The American version of the album features a hidden track, "Spider-Man", slightly different from the same song the Ramones originally recorded for the Saturday Morning tribute album. C.J. Ramone, Dee Dee's replacement, sings lead vocals on tracks two, four, eight and ten, as well as the bonus track "R.A.M.O.N.E.S." Dee Dee Ramone himself appeared on "Born to Die in Berlin", while singing in German and recorded by phone.

In a reverse decision, many tracks on this album are performed at a slower pace because of Joey's maturing, ailing vocals, a factor the band had acknowledged in previous years. In preceding tours the band had originally played faster with negative reviews of the shows being the result.

The album cover is a painting by artist Mark Kostabi, named Enasaurs. The backcover shows the band tied and before being executed by a firing squad. The Mexican man seated next to the band is their longtime road manager Monte Melnick, considered by many as "The fifth Ramone".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/