 The Back-Up Plan (2010)(DVDSCR)(NTSC) 17-6-Bios

Fall in love.* Get married. Have a baby. *Not necessarily in that order. 

Story

he Back-up Plan is a comedy that explores dating, love, marriage and family in reverse.

After years of dating, Zoe (Jennifer Lopez) has decided waiting for the right one is taking too long. Determined to become a mother, she commits to a plan, makes an appointment and decides to go it alone. That same day, Zoe meets Stan (Alex OLoughlin) a man with real possibilities.

Trying to nurture a budding relationship and hide the early signs of pregnancy becomes a comedy of errors for Zoe and creates confusing signals for Stan. When Zoe nervously reveals the reason for her unpredictable behavior, Stan commits fully and says hes in. Never before has love seen a courtship where a wild night of sex involves three in a bed Stan, Zoe and the ever-present massive pregnancy pillow. Or, where date night consists of being the focal point at a near-strangers water birth which does for kiddie pools what Jaws did for swimming in the ocean. The real pregnancy test comes when both of them realize they really dont know each other outside of hormonal chaos and birth preparations. With the nine month clock ticking, both begin to experience cold feet. Anyone can fall in love, get married and have a baby but doing it backwards in hyper-drive could be proof positive that they were made for each other. 





Verenigde Staten
Komedie / Romantiek
106 minuten

geregisseerd door Alan Poul
met Jennifer Lopez, Alex O'Loughlin en Eric Christian Olsen

Zoe (Jennifer Lopez) wil graag moeder worden en is van mening dat het veel te lang duurt om op een juiste man als vader te wachten. Ze besluit zich kunstmatig te laten bevruchten. Juist op de grote dag ontmoet ze ene Stan (Alex O'Loughlin), een man die wel eens de ware zou kunnen zijn. Om hem niet af te schrikken besluit ze haar zwangerschap geheim te houden.

INFO

Format.......: DVDR
Audio........: Eng: DD 2.0
Bron.........: The Back-Up Plan DVDSCR DVDR AC3 - IMAGiNE
Subtitles....: Dutch by Tokke, Biteme & Suurtje, Nice one Thnx Team
Controle.....: Suurtje
Bewerking+Resync...: Suurtje

MM:    http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/59098

IMDB:    http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1212436/