Evleyn - (Pierce Brosnan - Stephen Rea)(2002)[DvdRip-DivX-English]


Starring

Sophie Vavasseur
Niall Beagan
Hugh McDonagh
Stephen Rea
Pierce Brosnan
Mairead Devlin
Frank Kelly
Claire Mullan
Alvaro Lucchesi
Garrett Keogh
Daithi O'Suilleabhain
Andrea Irvine
Marian Quinn
Karen Ardiff
Julianna Margulies


General
Complete name : Evleyn.divx
Format : DivX
Format/Info : Hack of AVI
File size : 1.07 GiB
Duration : 1h 30mn
Overall bit rate : 1 677 Kbps

Video
ID : 0
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format settings, BVOP : No
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
Codec ID : DX50
Codec ID/Hint : DivX 5
Duration : 1h 30mn
Bit rate : 1 215 Kbps
Width : 704 pixels
Height : 296 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 2.35
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Resolution : 24 bits
Colorimetry : 4:2:0
Scan type : Progressive
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.233
Stream size : 790 MiB (72%)
Title : Video
Writing library : DivX 2851

Audio
ID : 1
Format : AC-3
Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
Codec ID : 2000
Duration : 1h 30mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 448 Kbps
Channel(s) : 6 channels
Channel positions : Front: L C R, Surround: L R, LFE
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Stream size : 291 MiB (27%)
Alignment : Split accross interleaves
Interleave, duration : 40 ms (1.00 video frame)
Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
Title : Audio

Text : English on/off
Format : DivX Subtitle
Codec ID : DXSB
Codec ID/Info : Subtitle in AVI from DivX networks
Width : 640 pixels
Height : 480 pixels
Resolution : 4 bits
Stream size : 3.03 MiB (0%)
Title : Subtitle


IMDB Rating =

7.0/10

Plot

Desmond Doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after Christmas. His unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children, Evelyn, Dermot and Maurice, make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation. The Catholic Church and the Irish courts decide to put the Doyle children into Church-run orphanages. Although a sympathetic judge assures Desmond that when his financial situation reverses, he will be able to get his children back; money is hard to come by. During that time, Evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while Desmond struggles to secure finances. Now he must battle the courts to get his children back


Review From IMDB

After years of seeing Pierce Brosnan play roles depicting him as the suave ladies man, I was skeptical when we picked this up in the video store and read the premise. I am not a Bond fan and I always considered Brosnan a lightweight actor.
Much to my surprise, Brosnan was dead on in his portrayal of an uncultured, heavy-drinking but loving father, who has his children taken away. It was obvious that he was very passionate about the role, and seemed to be on a mission to prove his mettle as a serious actor.
This is a very atypical movie, not really fitting into any of the usual, predictable genres. It has its funny moments, but it is mostly sobering and heart-wrenching. Aidan Quinn, Julianna Margulies (formerly of ER) and the little girl who plays Evelyn head an impressive supporting cast.
Those who require explosions and car chases need not bother with this one, but if you enjoy an intelligent, touching human drama, you will be in for an unexpected treat.
