Dillard & Clark - The Fantastic Expedition of Dillard & Clark (1968)


320 Kbps VBR HQ MP3's 

Tracklist:

   1. "Out on the Side" (Clark) – 3:49
   2. "She Darked the Sun" (Clark/Leadon) – 3:10
   3. "Don't Come Rollin'" (Clark/Dillard/Leadon) – 3:49
   4. "Train Leaves Here This Morning" (Clark/Leadon) – 3:49
   5. "With Care from Someone" (Clark/Dillard/Leadon) – 3:49
   6. "The Radio Song" (Clark/Leadon) – 3:01
   7. "Git It On Brother" (Lester Flatt) – 2:51
   8. "In the Plan" (Clark/Dillard/Leadon) – 2:08
   9. "Something's Wrong" (Clark/Dillard) – 2:57

The following bonus tracks have been included on CD reissues of the album:

    * "Why Not Your Baby" (Clark) – 3:41
    * "Lyin' Down the Middle" (Clark) – 2:17
    * "Don't Be Cruel" (Elvis Presley/Otis Blackwell) – 1:53


Together with The Byrds' Sweetheart Of The Rodeo and Bob Dylan's Nashville Skyline this album marked the birth of what soon became known as countryrock. Former Byrds-founder Gene Clark teamed up with one of the people who made bluegrass rock and virtuoso on anything that has strings, Doug Dillard and the soon to be Eagle and Flying Burrito Brother Bernie Leadon. The songs on this masterpiece were mostly written by Clark, Leadon and Dillard, in various combinations and showed bands like Poco, Eagles and even the Flying Burrito Brothers their furure path. Bernie Leadon took one of the songs 'Train Leaves Here This Morning' with him to the Eagles and recorded it on their first album.


Dillard & Clark, a duo featuring former Byrd Gene Clark and Doug Dillard of the Dillards, was one of the first country-rock groups to form in the late '60s. The group formed in 1968 and became one of pioneers of country-rock, releasing two albums before dissolving after releasing only two albums.

In 1968, Dillard recorded his first solo album, The Banjo Album, which featured such rock musicians as Clark and Bernie Leadon. In the spring of 1968, Dillard toured England as a member of the Byrds, which led to the duo of Dillard & Clark, which officially formed later that summer. The duo secured a record contract with A&M and released their debut album, The Fantastic Expedition of Dillard & Clark, late in 1968. The record was recorded with Bernie Leadon (guitar), Don Beck (dobro, mandolin), and David Jackson (bass). Dillard & Clark toured following the release of the album; their supporting band featured former Byrd Michael Clarke on drums.

Dillard & Clark began recording a second album early in 1969 with a new supporting band. The new lineup featured Leadon, fiddler Byron Berline, drummer Jon Corneal, and guitarist Donna Washburn; steel guitarist Sneaky Pete Kleinow and Chris Hillman, who were both members of the Flying Burrito Brothers, also guested on the album. The resulting record, Through the Morning, Through the Night, appeared later in the year. After its release, Leadon left the duo; he would join the Eagles soon after his departure. Clark decided to pursue a solo career in early 1970. Dillard continued his solo career, using the remaining members of the duo's backing band as the core of his new outfit, the Expedition.

Dillard and Clark continued to pursue solo careers throughout the '80s and '90s, with Dillard garnering more success and critical acclaim than Clark. Clark died in 1991 at the age of 46.

Gene Clark was the greatest underrated singer/songwriter to emerge from the '60s rock explosion, and deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as Neil Young. This album, his debut as a duo with virtuoso banjoist/guitarist Doug Dillard, is perhaps his most brilliant recording. Out of the ashes of the Byrds and a brilliant false start of a solo career (the excellent Echoes album), the 1968 Dillard & Clark project found Clark collecting some of his finest material (basically the entire album) and putting it in the familiar context of bluegrass and country, a good year before these elements became vogue in the pop world. 

But Gene Clark was always ahead of his time. Bookended by two exquisite autobiographical explorations into consciousness -- "Out on the Side" and Something's Wrong" -- the album's other tracks run from mournful ballad statements such as "Radio Song" to joyous celebrations like "With Care from Someone." There is also a very hot cover of the gospel number "Git It on Brother," which features Chris Hillman on mandolin. Doug Dillard's playing on the record is uniformly excellent. Not only a virtuoso musician, Dillard is a truly smart player who never gets in the way of the songs. Graceful, spellbinding, and tasteful all at the same time. Absolutely essential.