Cloud Security and Privacy:

 Product Description
You may regard cloud computing as an ideal way for your company to control IT costs, but do you know how private and secure this service really is? Not many people do. With Cloud Security and Privacy, you'll learn what's at stake when you trust your data to the cloud, and what you can do to keep your virtual infrastructure and web applications secure.

Ideal for IT staffers, information security and privacy practitioners, business managers, service providers, and investors alike, this book offers you sound advice from three well-known authorities in the tech security world. You'll learn detailed information on cloud computing security that-until now-has been sorely lacking.

    * Review the current state of data security and storage in the cloud, including confidentiality, integrity, and availability
    * Learn about the identity and access management (IAM) practice for authentication, authorization, and auditing of the users accessing cloud services
    * Discover which security management frameworks and standards are relevant for the cloud
    * Understand the privacy aspects you need to consider in the cloud, including how they compare with traditional computing models
    * Learn the importance of audit and compliance functions within the cloud, and the various standards and frameworks to consider
    * Examine security delivered as a service-a different facet of cloud security



About the Author
Tim Mather is an experienced security professional who is currently pursing a graduate degree in information assurance full-time. He is a frequent speaker and commentator on informa-tion security issues, and serves as an Advisor to several security-related start-ups.

Subra Kumaraswamy has more than 18 years of engineering and management experience in information security, Internet, and e-commerce technologies. He is currently leading an Identity & Access Management program within Sun Microsystems.

Shahed Latif is a partner in KPMG's Advisory practice having extensive IT and business skills. He has over 21 years of experience working with the global fortune 1000 companies focusing on providing business and technology solutions across a variety of areas. Shahed has spent 10 years in the London office working in the financial sector consulting group, Information Risk management group and the assurance practice. He has worked on large global companies giving him the opportunity to have worked in Africa, Asia, and Europe.
Product Details

    * Paperback: 334 pages
    * Publisher: O'Reilly Media, Inc. (September 24, 2009)
    * Language: English


Hacking - The Next Generation:

 Product Description
With the advent of rich Internet applications, the explosion of social media, and the increased use of powerful cloud computing infrastructures, a new generation of attackers has added cunning new techniques to its arsenal. For anyone involved in defending an application or a network of systems, Hacking: The Next Generation is one of the few books to identify a variety of emerging attack vectors.

You'll not only find valuable information on new hacks that attempt to exploit technical flaws, you'll also learn how attackers take advantage of individuals via social networking sites, and abuse vulnerabilities in wireless technologies and cloud infrastructures. Written by seasoned Internet security professionals, this book helps you understand the motives and psychology of hackers behind these attacks, enabling you to better prepare and defend against them.

    * Learn how "inside out" techniques can poke holes into protected networks
    * Understand the new wave of "blended threats" that take advantage of multiple application vulnerabilities to steal corporate data
    * Recognize weaknesses in today's powerful cloud infrastructures and how they can be exploited
    * Prevent attacks against the mobile workforce and their devices containing valuable data
    * Be aware of attacks via social networking sites to obtain confidential information from executives and their assistants
    * Get case studies that show how several layers of vulnerabilities can be used to compromise multinational corporations



About the Author
Nitesh Dhanjani is a well known security researcher, author, and speaker. Dhanjani is currently Senior Manager at a large consulting firm where he advises some of the largest corporations around the world on how to establish enterprise wide information security programs and solutions. Dhanjani is also responsible for evangelizing brand new technology service lines around emerging technologies and trends such as cloud computing and virtualization.

Prior to his current job, Dhanjani was Senior Director of Application Security and Assessments at a major credit bureau where he spearheaded brand new security efforts into enhancing the enterprise SDLC, created a process for performing source code security reviews & Threat Modeling, and managed the Attack & Penetration team.

Dhanjani is the author of "Network Security Tools: Writing, Hacking, and Modifying Security Tools" (O'Reilly) and "HackNotes: Linux and Unix Security" (Osborne McGraw-Hill). He is also a contributing author to "Hacking Exposed 4" (Osborne McGraw-Hill) and "HackNotes: Network Security". Dhanjani has been invited to talk at various information security events such as the Black Hat Briefings, RSA, Hack in the Box, Microsoft Blue Hat, and OSCON.

Dhanjani graduated from Purdue University with both a Bachelors and Masters degree in Computer Science.

Dhanjani's personal blog is located at dhanjani.com.

Billy Rios is currently a Security Engineer for Microsoft where he studies emerging risks and cutting edge security attacks and defenses. Before his current role as a Security Engineer, Billy was a Senior Security Consultant for various consulting firms including VeriSign and Ernst and Young. As a consultant, Billy performed network, application, and wireless vulnerability assessments as well as tiger team/full impact risk assessments against numerous clients in the Fortune 500.

Brett Hardin is a Security Research Lead with McAfee. At McAfee, Brett bridges security and business perspectives to aid upper management in understanding security issues. Before joining McAfee, Brett was a penetration tester for Ernst and Young's Advanced Security Center assessing web application and intranet security for Fortune 500 companies.
Product Details

    * Paperback: 296 pages
    * Publisher: O'Reilly Media, Inc. (September 21, 2009)
    * Language: English

PLUS! a big_dad_e BONUS: PC Security Handbook - Windows Guide

File Scan:
Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware 1.41
Database version: 2823
Windows 5.1.2600 Service Pack 3

9/18/2009 7:56:38 PM
mbam-log-2009-09-18 (19-56-38).txt

Scan type: Quick Scan
Objects scanned: 9
Time elapsed: 9 second(s)

Memory Processes Infected: 0
Memory Modules Infected: 0
Registry Keys Infected: 0
Registry Values Infected: 0
Registry Data Items Infected: 0
Folders Infected: 0
Files Infected: 0

Memory Processes Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Memory Modules Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Keys Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Values Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Data Items Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Folders Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Files Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Original upload by ATTiCA, (repack)

All Files PDF (English)

When using TPB please read these important notes:
  
01- Anti-malware apps may warn about keygens, patches, cracks, etc., because of 
    their capabilities, (generating codes, etc.). Sometimes they're added to 
    the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If you don't trust
    the keygens, patches, cracks, etc., don't use them. 
    
02- Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks, etc., always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some third party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it and uploaded it again.

03- Letting anti-malware apps send scan results to their companies can cause
    keygens, patches, cracks, etc., to be added to their virus-database.

04- Firewalls which are set to automatically determine connections will allow 
    apps & malware!. Avoid this by manually configuring your firewall.

05- Usually (new) torrents with many downloads and seeders in a brief period
    suspicious! Torrents with the Skull & Crossbones icon are trusted.

06- Some people use multiple accounts and post fake comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. They seldom seriously
    comment or have any torrents, or a just a few to look passable.

07- Clicking on unknown links can cause malware to be installed on your 
  
08- In general often there are more fake and negative comments than reliable and
    positive comments.

09- In some countries uploading/downloading copyright protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable up-loaders is not.

10- Posting fake and negative comments or fake/infected uploads on TPB can result
    in getting banned from TPB!
 

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents: 
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For more of my torrents:
https://thepiratebay.org/user/big_dad_e/  (Secured)

All torrents scanned with:
Norton Anti-virus
Malwarebytes' Anti-malware

ALWAYS SEED!

