Official Web Site;  http://www.marinersoftware.com/sitepage.php?page=20

Contour 1.1

Contour is a proven story development system that streamlines the process of turning your movie ideas from first glimmer to full outline. Using the Contour story development system created by Emmy Award-nominated Jeffrey Alan Schechter, you will learn how to use the same character-based structure that nearly all the blockbuster movies use to create solid stories that hold together from Fade In to Fade Out.

Step by Step

With its intuitive, fill-in-the-blanks approach, Contour shows you exactly what elements need to be in your script, never again leaving you to wonder, "what comes next?" A must-have for every screenwriter.

Montage 1.5.2

The only screenwriting software exclusively developed for Mac OS X. Melding the theory that a simple user interface, combined with powerful and intuitive features, provide the best writing experience, Montage makes it easy to create, edit, and manage screenplays on your Macintosh. From the ability to import and export Final Draft documents, to using custom, pre-formatted templates for film, TV, and theater, Montage guides both the first time screenwriter or the seasoned veteran, from start to finish.

Once your masterpiece is complete, Montage allows you to submit, track, and send your query, synopsis, and scripts to hundreds of included industry contacts through Montage's integration with Apple's Address Book. A Montage-only feature throughout the industry.

StoryMill 3.2.2

StoryMill introduces aspiring authors to multi-level writing methods of tracking characters, scenes, and locations, while professional writers will appreciate StoryMill's time-saving ability to oversee and manage the full creative process with Smart Views.

Visually and interactively display your story across time with StoryMill's timeline view, an industry-first feature! 

MacJournal 5.1.2

Totally revamped and rebuilt for Mac OS X Leopard, MacJournal 5 organizes all your important information and helps chronicle your life faster and easier than ever before. 

Create a personal journal with MacJournal's simple-to-use interface with two-level security (password protection and AES-256 encryption). MacJournal 5 allows users to add any kind of content, PDFs, QuickTime movies, images, and text. MacJournal 5 also introduces Smart Journals, which allow specific criteria to be searched upon. Assign each entry a rating, status, and priority, and sort any journal by those values. 

You can now record audio entries for your journal or even podcast! If blogging is more your style, MacJournal lets you publish your work as a blog (or record video from your iSight) to any of the popular blogging services, including your mobileme account. Even blog video to blogs on Blogger, WordPress, LiveJournal, .mac, or many more. And while we're on the subject of your .mac account, MacJournal now supports .mac syncing! Experience how easy it is to keep your journal at your fingertips, even when you're on the road. 

**MacJournal 5.1.3 is a free upgrade for all registered MacJournal 5 customers. **

MacGormet Deluxe 1.1

Now, with MacGourmet Deluxe, you can bring your recipe collection into the digital age. Easily create, edit, and share your recipes; organize your cooking and wine notes; plan meals, even create and print your own cookbook!

Use MacGourmet's Mealplan feature to plan and organize all your meals. You can create menus to get you through the current week, for that week you're away on vacation or the dinner party you are planning for next month. And don't worry about a shopping list, MacGourmet Deluxe quickly generates a list adding all the ingredients you will need for all your recipes. MacGourmet Deluxe will easily integrate and sync all your plans with iCal with one click. 

MarinerCalc 5.6 - spreadsheet software

Mariner Calc starts faster, uses less disk space and memory than any other competitor on the Macintosh platform. With nearly 150 built-in functions, as well as, charts, named ranges, split and freeze window panes, print preview, find, sorting, auto-sum, protected worksheets, and cell borders, Mariner Calc enables you to turn data into information with powerful tools to analyze, communicate, and share results.

Desktop Poet 1.0.2

Desktop Poet presents you with your choice of hundreds of word tiles on your desktop or "virtual fridge" area. Compose imaginative prose by forming words into sentences or phrases or just take a break from the stresses of life, free your mind and doodle or brainstorm to your heart's content!

Put down the pen and paper! Welcome your poetry process to the 21st century. Desktop Poet takes advantage of the fact that it is on a computer to both increase the available vocabulary and decrease the number of tiles. The poetry software does this by allowing a single tile to have more than one word on it. Highlight the word, click escape, and see the variations of that word available to use. Want to define a word? Press the control key, select define word, and you will be taken to that specific listing at www.dictionary.com.

Mariner Write 3.8.0

Mariner Write is a powerful, yet streamlined word processor for Mac OS X for everyone from professional writers, to educators, students, to the average user. Boasting an elegant interface, as well as hundreds of intuitive features such as the ability to read Microsoft Word documents and produce customizable headers, footers, endnotes, and footnotes, Mariner Write has everything you need to turn out great-looking documents. 

Whether creating a simple letter or writing the next great novel, Mariner Write has the functionality to be your writing tool.

System Requirements:

* OS X.4 and higher
* PPC and Intel

-->> PLEASE SEED <<--