Bigasoft iPhone Video Converter is the Best Video Converter software that created 
to help you convert video to popular formats such as: MP4, H.264, MP3,
DivX, MOV, M4A, AAC, WAV, etc with high speed and excellent sound/image quality. 
In addition, the Best Video Converter can also extract audio from video file and 
convert them to M4A, MP3, AC3, AAC, WAV as you want. The iPhone Video Converter 
supports almost all popular portable devices such as iPhone, iPhone etc.
All conversions are very easy and fast with the best quality.
Bigasoft iPhone Video Converter is also multifunctional video editor software comprising
functions of Video Joiner, Video Cutter and Video Cropper. Using this Best Video Converter
software, you can accomplish almost all common video editing works with excellent image
quality output. For example,
this video converter can help you join multiple video files into a new one, cut one file 
into several segments easily and fast.

Key Features:

Video Joiner
Bigasoft iPhone Video Converter software provides an easy way to combine and join multiple
videos together with most video formats supported, such as AVI, MPEG, WMV, MP4, DivX, MOV,
3GP, ASF, etc. Just select the videos you want to join and check the "merge into one file"
check box you can finish it easily.

Video Cutter
Bigasoft iPhone Video Converter software provides "Trim" function to help you cut a clip from
the original video. You can set the "Start Time" and "End Time" of the clip you want to get or
just drag the slide bar to the accurate position to achieve it.

Video Crop
Bigasoft iPhone Video Converter software allows you to remove black edge of your movie and get 
any playing area of the video by using its "Crop" function. You can also select the "Zoom" mode
to extrude your video slightly to adjust to your portable devices so you can get the best video
quality.

Capture Your Favorite Image
If you like the current image of the video you can use the "Snapshot" option. Just click the 
"Snapshot" button the image will be saved and you can click the "Open" button next to "Snapshot"
button to open your picture. 

Support Preview
You can preview the source video and edited video. 

Easy-to-use
A few clicks are all you need to do to convert your video. 

All Encoders and Decoders Are Built in
Fully support all popular video and audio formats. 

Fastest Conversion Speed
Provide the fastest conversion speed, completely support dual core CPU.
