MAGIC SLIM & THE TEARDROPS DON’T TELL ME YOUR TROUBLES 
[size=4][color=red][b]ZOO BAR COLLECTION VOL 1
Released: May 1994
Label: Wolf Records
Format Flac



Magic Slim & The Teardrops proudly uphold the tradition of what a Chicago blues band should sound like. Their emphasis on ensemble playing and a humongous repertoire that allegedly ranges upwards of a few hundred songs give the towering guitarist “s live performances an endearing offthe-cuff quality – you never know what obscurity he’ll pull out of his oversized hat next.
Born Morris Holt on August 7, 1937, in Grenada, the Mississippi native was forced to give up playing the piano when he lost his little finger in a cotton gin mishap. Boyhood pal Magic Sam bestowed his magical moniker on the budding guitarist (times change; Slim’s no longer slim). Holt first came to Chicago in 1955, but found that breaking into the competitive local blues circuit, was a tough proposition. Although he managed to secure a steady gig for a while with Robert Perkins’ band (Mr. Pitiful & the Teardrops), Slim wasn’t good enough to progress into the upper ranks of Chicago bluesdom. So he retreated to Mississippi for a spell to hone his chops. When he returned to Chicago in 1965 (with brothers Nick and Lee Baby as his new rhythm section), Slim’s detractors were quickly forced to change their tune. Utilizing the Teardrops name and holding onto his Magic Slim handle, the big man cut a couple of 45s for Ja-Wes and established himself as a formidable force on the South side – his guitar work dripped vibrato-enriched nastiness, and his roaring vocals were as gruff and uncompromising as anyone’s on the scene.
All of a sudden, the recording floodgates opened up for the Teardrops in 1979 when they cut four tunes for Alligator’s “Living Chicago Blues” anthology series. Since then, a series of nails-tough albums for Rooster Blues, Alligator, Blind Pig, and a slew for the Austrian Wolf logo have fattened Slim’s discography considerably.



Tracklist
1  Mannish Boy 5:17
2. Close To You Baby 5:01
3. Best Thing That Happened To Me 5:31
4. Green Onions 5:27
5. Have Mercy Darlin\' 4:34
6. Don\'t Tell Me About Your Troubles 7:15
7. Mojo 4:15
8. Five Long Years 7:43
9. Slim\'s Break Song 3:04
10. Grass Is Greener 5:16
11. Tramp 6:34
12. Ode To Billy Joe 7:16


Recorded at Zoo Bar, Lincoln, Nebraska.

Personnel includes:
 Magic Slim (vocals, guitar); Alabama Jr. \"Daddy Rabbit\" Pettis (guitar); Nick Holt (bass); Nate Applewhite, \"Lee Baby\" Holt (drums).