Resident Evil 5 (c) Capcom

09/2009 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action/Adventure

From the ashes of old conflicts, a new terror arises. The Umbrella
Corporation and its crop of lethal viruses have been destroyed and
contained. But a new, more dangerous threat has emerged. Years after
surviving the events in Raccoon City, Chris Redfield has been fighting the
scourge of bio-organic weapons all over the world. Now a member of the
Bio-terrorism Security Assessment Alliance (B.S.A.A.), Chris is sent to
Africa to investigate a biological agent that is transforming the populace
into aggressive and disturbing creatures. Joined by another local BSSA agent,
Sheva Alomar, the two must work together to solve the truth behind the
disturbing turn of events. Featuring a revolutionary new co-op mode of
gameplay, Resident Evil 5 will let players experience fear together as
terror moves out of the shadows and into the light of day.

Features
Two Playable Characters Chris Redfield, protagonist of the original
Resident Evil and Resident Evil: Code Veronica, returns and is joined by
new playable character Sheva Alomar, an African BSAA agent tasked with
investigating the epidemic.
Two Player Online Co-op  New cooperatively-focused gameplay revolutionizes
the way that Resident Evil is played. Chris and Sheva must work together to
survive new challenges and fight dangerous hordes of enemies.
Next Generation of Fear  Features groundbreaking graphics that utilize an
advanced version of Capcoms proprietary game engine, MT Framework, which
powered the hit titles Devil May Cry 4, Lost Planet and Dead Rising.
Quick-Select Inventory System  Improved inventory system allows items
to be traded between characters. To add to the intensity, all inventory
management is done in real time items can even be assigned to the
directional pad for instant access.
Dual Control Schemes  Experience the next generation of fear in a control
scheme tuned specifically for your mouse and keyboard, or plug in a gamepad
and tweak the controls console style.
New Enemies Bring New Challenges  Enemies boast increased speed and
intelligence, making them as dangerous alone as they are in groups.
Powerful New Weapons  The number of weapon variations has been greatly
increased providing new ways to keep enemies at bay.
Fear Light as much as Shadow  Lighting effects provide a new level of
suspense as players attempt to survive in both harsh sunlight and extreme
darkness.

1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!



La amenaza biológica no ha terminado: justo cuando parecía que la amenaza había sido destruida, aparece un nuevo terror que provocará de nuevo escalofríos en los jugadores. Chris Redfield, el héroe de la primera entrega, ha seguido el camino del mal por todo el mundo. Tras unirse a una nueva organización acude a África, donde la última amenaza bioterrorista está transformando a la gente y a los animales de la ciudad en criaturas enfurecidas y cegadas por la violencia. Cuenta con una nueva compañera, Sheva Alomar, que aportará su fortaleza, inteligencia y su afinada puntería a la misión. Para sobrevivir, tanto ella como Chris deberán trabajar conjuntamente y superar los desafíos que implica descubrir la verdad que subyace tras este malvado complot. Por medio de un revolucionario y novedoso modo cooperativo, los jugadores podrán asumir el control de ambos personajes y experimentar Resident Evil de forma diferente. Los jugadores temerán la luz del día tanto como lo hacían con la noche en anteriores entregas, haciendo de este capítulo la experiencia más aterradora que los fans de la saga han podido vivir nunca... Características:

    * 34 millones de copias vendidas avalan la llegada de la quinta entrega de la franquicia
    * Experiencia aún más intensa que la vivida con anteriores títulos de la saga: sigue y mejora el camino marcado por la exitosa cuarta parte
    * Modo de juego cooperativo online para dos jugadores, que permite a los usuarios luchar acompañados contra un horror que merodea por doquier
    * Nuevos enemigos y desafíos: la velocidad y la inteligencia de los adversarios los hace tan peligrosos en grupo como de forma individual