VOLUMES 1-12


When Motown Records founder Berry Gordy coined the phrase “The Sound Of Young America” in 1960, he did not know how successful Motown was going to be around the world. Motown arrived in Britain in 1964, but not on the Motown label but on London, Fontana and EMI's Stateside labels. Where Did Our Love Go by The Supremes, and My guy by Mary Wells were among the first big hits. By 1967, Motown had enough British hits under its belt to release a greatest hits album, the release was to be the first of the Motown Chartbusters series

Motown Chartbusters are a set of Motown compilations first released on the Tamla Motown label in the United Kingdom. The first two (volume 1 and volume 2) were originally called "British Motown Chartbusters", after this they were just released as Motown Chartbusters.

Although the series was made up mainly of hit singles, there were some not so big. But that was not important, it just expanded the Motown Sound even more.

In total 12 where released in the UK spanning 15 years from 1967 to 1982. All 12 were top 30 UK chart entries, the second volume of British Motown Chartbusters hit no.8 in January of 1970, in the same year volume 3 spent six weeks at the no.2 position, before reaching no.1. In 1971 volume 5 went to no.2 and in 1973 volume 8 went to no.9

The albums were made by EMI under licence from Motown, EMI also made 8 track recordings of the early releases.

They were re-issued from 1997 by the budget label, Spectrum. The clear differences between the two releases are the logos on the disc and cover, the original release has the Tamla Motown logo, the re-release has the Motown logo.

After their success in the UK, Motown went on to release different variants in other counties such as the United States and Australia.

There were also various other forms released on the same type of platform such as Motown Chartbusters 150 Hits of gold and boxed sets.

The series was the most successful compilation albums in terms of sales until the release of the "Now That's What I Call Music" series began in the mid 1980's.