Dub Colossus - A Town Called Addis
2008

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

Dub Colossus, A Town Called Addis. An extraordinary collaboration between contemporary Ethiopian artists and Dubulah (aka Nick Page) bringing hidden gems from Addis Ababa back to England. Dub meets dreamy blues, hypnotic grooves, jazz piano and driving funk brass. Flavours of traditional Azmari singing, 70s reggae and Ethio-pop infuse one of the most alluring and soulful genres of African music.
-- amazon.com

When Nick Page) (aka Dubulah, a charter member of the legendary worldbeat ensemble Transglobal Underground), spent a summer in Addis Ababa, he quite unsurprisingly ended up in the studio with a revolving cast of local singers and instrumentalists. The result of that month-long experiment was this utterly entrancing album, a bubbling stew of reggae, dub, Azmari singing, traditional instruments, and rich horn charts (courtesy of the Horns of Negus). At times the musical fusion recalls some of Bill Laswell's work, especially the dark and dreamy arrangements he has written for his Ethiopian wife Gigi, and at other times the music swirls and dances in entirely unique and unexpected ways. "Shegye Shegitu," which primarily features piano, handclaps,and call-and-response vocals, is good but not spectacular; the one-drop extravaganza "Black Rose" (on which charming female vocals are accompanied by what sounds like a strummed dulcimer and are then quietly upstaged by a brief and jaw-dropping guitar solo) and "Yeka Sub City Rockers" (with its weird flute, trippy ambience and keening male vocals) are much more impressive, and for the most part the program holds up the high standard it sets. Strongly recommended to all adventurous dub fans.
-- AllMusicGuide

Tracks
01- Azmari Dub
02- Entoto Dub
03- Tazeb Kush (Shame On Me, Shame On You)
04- Shegye Shegitu (Blue Nile Mix)
05- Yeka Sub City Rockers
06- Shem City Steppers
07- Tizta Dub
08- Black Rose
09- New Yelignete (My First Love)
10- Ophir Dub
11- Sima Edy
12- Ambassel
13- Mercato Music

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org