Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Subdivisions" is a Rush  song that describes peer pressure for teenage life in the suburbs.

The song was released on the 1982 album Signals. Aside from being a perennial fan favourite and a staple of live performances, it appears on several greatest hits compilations, was released as a single in 1982, and despite doing little serious business in the UK charts, the song gained a lot of radio airplay inat the time. In the US, it charted at #3 on the Album Rock Tracks chart. It was also played live prior to its release. Pre-release live versions exist on the internet. Geddy Lee plays an Oberheim OB-X synthesizer, and the two synthesizer solos were done on a Minimoog.

"Subdivisions" was one of five Rush songs inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame on March 28, 2010. The band asked Jacob Moon to perform his version of the song at the gala in their absence.

The promotional video scenes were filmed in the Toronto area. The downtown scenes were filmed in downtown Toronto, while the suburbs scenes were filmed in Scarborough, Ontario, near Warden  and Finch Avenues. The high school scenes were filmed at L'Amoreaux Collegiate Institute, in the same area. The video also features scenes of the Don Valley Parkway and a busy TTC subway station. The student that walks downtown in the video is Dave Glover, a student at the L'Amoreaux Collegiate Institute at the time.

Signals is the ninth studio album by the Canadian rock  band Rush, released September 9, 1982.

Signals was the follow-up to the successful Moving Pictures. Stylistically, the album was a continuation of Rush's foray into the technology-oriented 1980s through increased use of electronic instrumentation such as keyboards, sequencers, and electric violin. Other noticeable changes were decreased average song length and lyrical compression. The album reached #10 on the Billboard album charts and was certified Platinum (1,000,000 copies sold) by the R.I.A.A. in November 1982.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/