Crash Time III-SKIDROW

Crash Time III / Synetic

RELEASE DATE : 26-11-2009 PROTECTION : Steam
GAME TYPE: Racer/Action DISKS: 1 DVD

Release Notes: 
The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks.
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
 under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
 of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
 nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do 
 this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
 started in the mid eighties.
 
 If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back 
 on contacting us as soon as possible. 
 
 On with the game release information: 
 
 Like its predecessors, Crash Time 3, the new installment of 
 the well-known action racing game series, offers varied 
 gameplay in top quality. The German game forge Synetic has
 once more taken the graphics engine a significant step
 further. In a gorgeous game world, completely explorable on 
 wheels, the player gets to solve gripping criminal cases and
 master other diverse assignments. 
 
 Completely reworked Story Mode: The previously published parts
 of the Crash Time series already offered tons of breathtaking 
 action. Crash Time 3 also includes an all-new storyline. Right
 from the start, the player learns about the destructive power 
 of a terrorist organization that will cross our heroes' path
 again and again during the game. In the course of the game, 
 the player's objective is to discover more and more details 
 and information regarding a series of crimes that seem to have
 no connection at first, and then solve everything in a grand
 finale. 
 
 A gripping storyline and more than 70 missions with many
 different challenges await the player 
 
 Bad guys try to avoid capture with all kinds of tricks and
 driving stunts
 
 Area of 32 km2with more than 200 km of city streets and 
 autobahn where you get to drive around by day and by night
 
 More than 40 vehicles, from police cars and airport fire
 engines to tricycles
 
 The Story mode creates a dense atmosphere 
 
 The dynamic pathfinder function of vehicles creates variation 
 and increases the replay value
 
 Typical ambiance of the series, with extremely fast car chases
 and explosive crashes 

Install Notes: 
1. Unpack release 
2. Mount image or burn it 
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW directory on the DVD to
your installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game
 
 Additional Notes: 
 
 We decided to introduce this cool game with our new cracktro! 
 
 Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Platform: PC
Language: English
Gender: Driving
Quality: DVD
Format: ISO
Size: 1.50 GB
Date: 27/11/2009
Uploader: GamesTorrents

Crash Time III-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7