
       ¦  MASCHINE  combines  the flexibility of computer-based  ¦
       ¦  music  production  with the ease of a groove box into  ¦
       ¦  one   powerful   creative   tool.  Utilizing  onboard  ¦
       ¦  samples   or   your   own   audio  files,  MASCHINEÆs  ¦
       ¦  symbiosis  of  hardware and software not only ensures  ¦
       ¦  a  fast  and  fun  workflow, but lets you easily turn  ¦
       ¦  your    ideas    into    professional    productions.  ¦
       ¦                                                         ¦
       ¦  MASCHINE comes loaded with over 5GB of                 ¦
       ¦  production-ready   sounds  and  patterns.  Everything  ¦
       ¦  from  fat  drum  kits to state-of-the-art synthesizer  ¦
       ¦  sounds  and  pristine  acoustic instruments have been  ¦
       ¦  sampled,  sliced  and  tagged  for  your convenience.  ¦
       ¦  MASCHINE   also   features   studio  quality  effects  ¦
       ¦  ranging  from dynamics processors to beat-mashers and  ¦
       ¦  even  mastering tools, all tweakable in real time via  ¦
       ¦  the hardware controller.                               ¦
       ¦                                                         ¦
       ¦  MASCHINE's  pattern-oriented  concept  frees you from  ¦
       ¦  the   limits   of   linear  arrangement.  Build  song  ¦
       ¦  "scenes"  by  layering  patterns,  and re-arrange the  ¦
       ¦  scenes  on the fly. MASCHINE offers external sampling  ¦
       ¦  through  your  computerÆs  audio interface as well as  ¦
       ¦  internal  re-sampling,  precise  editing and slicing,  ¦
       ¦  auto-mapping,   effects   and   an   ultra-convenient  ¦
       ¦  browser  û  all  perfectly  attuned  to  the hardware  ¦
       ¦  controller.                                            ¦
       ¦                                                         ¦
       ¦  The   MASCHINE   hardware   is  both  instrument  and  ¦
       ¦  controller in one. Sixteen illuminated,                ¦
       ¦  velocity-sensitive   pads   form   an   interface  to  ¦
       ¦  intuitively   make   beats,   tweak   sounds,  create  ¦
       ¦  patterns  and  sequence whole songs with the powerful  ¦
       ¦  MASCHINE   software.   Two   large,   high-resolution  ¦
       ¦  displays  with  eight  corresponding rotary encoders,  ¦
       ¦  buttons,  and  transport controls integrate perfectly  ¦
       ¦  with the MASCHINE software.                            ¦
       ¦                                                         ¦
       ¦  MASCHINE  unifies  and  vastly  improves  on familiar  ¦
       ¦  groove   production  workflows.  Using  the  MASCHINE  ¦
       ¦  hardware  controller  you  can  jam  out  ideas  in a  ¦
       ¦  pattern-oriented  environment,  and  use  them as the  ¦
       ¦  building   blocks   to   create   your  track  within  ¦
       ¦  MASCHINE. New samples, loops, effects or               ¦
       ¦  arrangements  can be added, edited and tweaked in the  ¦
       ¦  same  intuitive  way,  utilizing the ultra-convenient  ¦
       ¦  hardware interface                                    







HARDWARE SPECIFICATIONS

General Interface Specifications

  * Width: 320 mm / 12.6"
  * Length: 295 mm / 11.6"
  * Height: 60 mm / 2.4"
  * 1811 Grams / 4 lbs

  * 2 displays with 64x256 pixels
  * 16 high-quality, illuminated pads with velocity and aftertouch
  * 11 endless rotary encoders
  * 41 backlit buttons

  * Midi-In/Out
  * USB 2.0
  * Kensington® Lock

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Windows® XP (SP2, 32-bit)/Vista (SP1, 32-bit, 64-bit), Pentium® or Athlon XP 2 GHz, 2 GB RAM

SUPPORTED INTERFACES

Runs as a standalone application, or as a VST®, Audio Units™, or RTAS® (under Pro Tools® 7/8 ) plug-in.
ASIO™, Core Audio™, DirectSound, WASAPI™


Install:                                            
                                                      
   Unrar and
     unrar and mount or burn.                            
      Install from the DVD                                
        Install update v1.0.3                            
      
