INTRODUCTION 

Taking exciting photographs has very little 
to do with buying an expensive camera or 
having a massive array of photographic 
equipment. What is crucial is how you see a 
chosen subject – and then how this vision is 
transformed into a permanent image using 
photographic techniques and composition. 

A    PRACTICAL  APPROACH 

This book adopts a practical approach to 
help you master photography. The largest 
section covers a wide range of photographic 
genres, including portraiture, still life, 
landscapes, architecture, and natural history. 
All these are illustrated with behind-the- 
scenes shots of me out on location or in a 
studio actually taking the pictures. These 
photo set-ups reveal exactly how a shot 
was taken, the equipment that was used, 
the camera angle, and the wider settings 
from which the pictures were derived. 
    A technical understanding of your camera 
is important, as it allows you to capture the 
pictorial qualities of a scene in the best way 
possible, whether you are using film or a 
digital chip. These fundamental camera 
controls are illustrated in the first section 
of the book using both diagrams and 
photographs. The more familiar you become 
with the controls and lens settings on your 
own particular camera, the more attention 
you can pay to composition and timing. 

File Scan:
Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware 1.45
www.malwarebytes.org

Database version: 4000

Windows 5.1.2600 Service Pack 3
Internet Explorer 8.0.6001.18702

4/18/2010 2:23:01 AM
mbam-log-2010-04-18 (02-23-01).txt

Scan type: Quick scan
Objects scanned: 0
Time elapsed: 22 second(s)

Memory Processes Infected: 0
Memory Modules Infected: 0
Registry Keys Infected: 0
Registry Values Infected: 0
Registry Data Items Infected: 0
Folders Infected: 0
Files Infected: 0

Memory Processes Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Memory Modules Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Keys Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Values Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Data Items Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Folders Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

Files Infected:
(No malicious items detected)

When using TPB please read these important notes:
  
01- Anti-malware apps may warn about keygens, patches, cracks, etc., because of 
    their capabilities, (generating codes, etc.). Sometimes they're added to 
    the virus/spyware database and will be detected as malware. If you don't trust
    the keygens, patches, cracks, etc., don't use them. 
    
02- Before running .exe-files, keygens, patches, cracks, etc., always check first 
    if they can be unpacked. Often some third party added a virus to the 
    original file, repacked it and uploaded it again.

03- Letting anti-malware apps send scan results to their companies can cause
    keygens, patches, cracks, etc., to be added to their virus-database.

04- Firewalls which are set to automatically determine connections will allow 
    apps & malware!. Avoid this by manually configuring your firewall.

05- Usually (new) torrents with many downloads and seeders in a brief period
    suspicious! Torrents with the Skull & Crossbones icon are trusted.

06- Some people use multiple accounts and post fake comments 
    and/or files trying to spread confusion. They seldom seriously
    comment or have any torrents, or a just a few to look passable.

07- Clicking on unknown links can cause malware to be installed on your machine.
  
08- In general often there are more fake and negative comments than reliable and
    positive comments.

09- In some countries uploading/downloading copyright protected material is 
    forbidden, but showing some appreciation to reliable up-loaders is not.

10- Posting fake and negative comments or fake/infected uploads on TPB can result
    in getting banned from TPB!
 

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents:  
http://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For more of my torrents: 
https://thepiratebay.org/user/big_dad_e/  (Secured)

All torrents scanned with:
Norton Anti-virus
Malwarebytes' Anti-malware

ALWAYS SEED!