Season 2 Episode 1: To Be A Somebody 
Written by: Jimmy McGovern 
Produced by: Paul Abbott 
Directed by: Tim Fywell 
Originally Screened: 10/10/94 (Part 1), 17/10/94 (Part 2), 24/10/94 (Part 3) 

Albie Kinsella is a Liverpudlian factory worker and football supporter who is overcome by anger after the death of his father, not helped by his estrangement from his wife and young daughter. After a disagreement with an asian shopkeeper over the price of a packet of tea bags and a newspaper, he goes home and shaves his head - later returning to the shop where he murders the shopkeeper with an army bayonet. He later goes on to kill a University professor and threatens a reporter, Claire Moody, who had previously worked for The Sun newspaper. As the police investigation begins, Fitz (who is no longer working with the police) is becoming increasingly depressed - he loses a £3,000 bet on a horse race, has a suspected heart attack during Mark's birthday party, and is still at loggerheads with Judith over his various addictions. DCI Bilborough is reluctantly forced to rehire Fitz in the end, who comes to the realisation that Albie is hell bent on revenge for the disaster at the Hillsborough football stadium in 1989 in which 96 people died. But he isn't exactly welcomed back with open arms, due to the remaining tension between him and Bilborough over Nigel Cassidy and Penhaligon's anger over the abandoned holiday. 

As Fitz begins to settle back into his work again, Judith leaves him once more - what seems for good this time - taking Katie and most of the furniture with her. Beck later interviews Albie after one of his neighbours mentions that he has recently shaved his head. But Albie fobs Beck off by showing his father's hospital letters for chemotherapy sessions, passing them off as his own. Albie later tracks down Bilborough at his local supermarket then leads him to his home when he stabs him. Dying, Bilborough radios his colleagues with a description which confirms Albie's identity - with Beck suddenly realising that he has already interviewed him and ruled him out as a suspect. Still reeling from the shock of Bilborough's death, Fitz, Penhaligon, Beck and the newly appointed DCI Wise manage to track down Albie at the next Liverpool match where Beck catches Albie and inflicts upon him a brutal beating. Fitz and Albie finally come to face to face in the interview room where Albie reveals his motives and anger over Hillsborough and the loss of his father, but he remains adamant that he "wants revenge" and that more deaths are inevitable. Fitz manages to stop the bomb that Albie had posted addressed to the Manchester police, but it seems even Fitz is too late to prevent Albie's act of revenge against Claire Moody and her place of work. 

Season 2 Episode 2: The Big Crunch 
Written by: Ted Whitehead 
Produced by: Paul Abbott 
Directed by: Julian Jarrold 
Originally Screened: 31/10/94 (Part 1), 07/11/94 (Part 2), 14/11/94 (Part 3) 

In a leafy suburban community, Kenneth Trant is a headmaster of a local school and leader of a religious sect, and his brother Michael runs a packaging firm. Their wives, Virginia and Norma respectively, are friends. Norma finds out that Kenneth has been having an affair with student Joanne Barnes and tells Virginia. Norma and Virginia persuade Joanne back to Virginia's house one day where they end up kidnapping her and locking her in the basement. When Kenneth and Michael arrive, the four of them give Joanne an overdose of drink and pills and plan to dispose of her unconscious body in the crusher at Michael's factory, despite Joanne's confession that she is expecting Kenneth's child. But Michael gives the crate containing Joanne to his backwards young employee Dean who lets her go. Meanwhile, Judith announces her intention to Fitz to sell their house, news he reacts badly too. However, he is soon back working with the police when Penhaligon suggests he talks to the parents of Joanne, who have now reported their daughter as missing. Joanne is eventually found and is admitted to hospital, where Fitz tries unsuccessfully to find out what happened to her before she dies. Kenneth tries to convince the others to let the police think that Dean was responsible for Joanne's death, but Fitz and Penhaligon are less than convinced. 

As they continue their investigation by interviewing Joanne's former priest and her fellow schoolmates, Beck and Harriman arrest Dean and through their pressurising force Dean into confessing to Joanne's murder. Fitz and Wise head for the police cell where they are holding Dean so Fitz can convince Wise of Beck's mistake, only to find Dean has hanged himself. Now with Dean's death, Fitz and Penhaligon remain more determined to trap the Trant's. As they start to spend more and more time together as the case progresses, the pair finally spend the night together, something that doesn't go down too well with Fitz's son Mark when he discovers them together the next morning. Fitz immediately targets Michael and Virginia as the weak links in the group, but getting through Norma and Kenneth doesn't prove very easy. As none of the Trants seem to be breaking with their constant interviewing, Fitz and Penhaligon eventually resort to turning up at one of their church meetings where Fitz, infront of all Kenneth's followers, reveals the truth behind the Trants. Eventually Michael, unable to live with his guilt over what they did, starts to hands out the photos Norma had taken of Kenneth and Joanne having sex and admits to his part in the Joanne's death, as well as also implicating his brother, his wife and Virginia. The Trants are then finally arrested. 

Season 2 Episode 3: Men Should Weep 
Written by: Jimmy McGovern 
Produced by: Paul Abbott 
Directed by: Jean Stewart 
Originally Screened: 21/11/94 (Part 1), 28/11/94 (Part 2), 05/12/94 (Part 3) 

Floyd Malcolm is a black taxi driver, a benefit fraudster and a serial rapist. He wears a mask and threatens his victims with a knife, always talking to them afterwards as if to build up a relationship. When Floyd rapes the wife of a taxi driver he works with at a local swimming pool, Fitz and the police are called in to investigate again. The police immediately suspect the janitor of the swimming pool, a theory which Fitz immediately dismisses, annoying Jimmy Beck immensely in the process. When the police are later drinking at a local pub, Beck creates more tension between himself and Penhaligon when he asks her if she "fantasises about rape" infront of Fitz and all her colleagues. The police then organise a reconstruction of a previous rape, which Floyd attends unknown to them. After the reconstruction, Penhaligon is herself attacked by a masked man who threatens her with a knife and then rapes her. Fitz concludes that as the rapist does not talk to her then she must have been raped by a different man. Penhaligon is terribly shaken by her ordeal, however, and she begins to feel alienated from all her male colleagues including Fitz, who she then proceeds to blame for her attack. Fitz's life is further turned upside down by the unexpected return of Judith, who announces to Fitz that she is five months pregnant, news which in particular doesn't help his already fragile relationship with Penhaligon. 

Floyd then kills his next victim, the wife of a clerk from the benefit office, reasoning that he may as well leave no witnesses since the prison sentence for murder is apparently the same as rape. Fitz calls in Floyd's mother, and Fitz's theory that the rapist is scarred is proved right when she reveals how her son sat in a bath of bleach when he was a child, in order to discolour his skin. Floyd's taxi is later recognized by a local woman and he is eventually picked up. As Fitz interrogates him and begins to get a confession, Penhaligon pieces together the clues of her attack and realizes that the man who raped her was infact her colleague, Jimmy Beck. She tells DCI Wise of her discovery, but he is reluctant to do anything until she brings him some firm evidence. Despite getting very near to a confession Wise does not have enough evidence to keep Malcolm and he is released, much to Fitz's dismay. When the police track Floyd and realise he is probably likely to take revenge on somebody he has a grudge against, Fitz comes to the realisation that that person is him. Fitz and Harriman make a desperate chase to Fitz's house where Floyd has broken in and is threatening to kill Judith. As Fitz saves her, Penhaligon meanwhile breaks into Beck's flat and when he arrives confronts him and puts his own gun into his mouth, apparently intending to kill him. 