George Michael - Jesus To A Child (1996) [LOSSLESS FLAC][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]




George Michael - Jesus To A Child


by RDaneel








[::Album Information::]

Title: Jesus To A Child
Years: 1996
Genre: Pop
Production: Virgin



[::Tracklist::]


1. Jesus To A Child - 6:53
2. One More Try Live, Gospel Version - 5:25
3. Older Instrumental Version - 5:19



[::Review::]

Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou (born 25 June 1963), best known as George Michael, is a two-time Grammy Award winning, English singer-songwriter, who has had a career as frontman of the duo Wham! as well as a soul-influenced, solo pop musician. According to britishhitsongwriters.com, he is the fortieth most successful songwriter in UK singles chart history based on weeks that his compositions have spent on the chart.
He has sold over 100 million records worldwide as of 2008, encompassing 12 British #1 singles, 7 British #1 albums, 10 US #1 singles, and 1 US #1 album. His 1987 debut solo album, Faith has sold over 20 million copies worldwide.
All four of his solo studio albums have scored #1 on the UK charts and have become international successes.

Jesus To A Child

"Jesus to a Child" is a song by British musician George Michael. The song peaked at number 1 in Britain and Australia, and at number 2 in the mainland European charts. The song has also become George Michael's highest direct entry in the American charts. The song was one of George Michael's best-known songs and was included on the 1996 album Older. It was a melancholy tribute to his lover Anselmo Feleppa.
The song was Michael's first self-penned hit in his homeland for almost four years and entered the UK Singles Chart straight at #1 in January 1996. It became his first solo single to enter the UK charts at the top, his first solo #1 from a studio album (all his previous solo #1s had been one-off projects, either during the Wham! years or as a guest or co-vocalist) and, on the Billboard Hot 100 in the USA, it became the highest new entry (#7) by a British artist for more than 25 years. It was also Michael's longest UK Top 40 single at almost seven minutes long.
The song was a melancholy tribute to Michael's Brazilian friend and lover Anselmo Feleppa, whom he met when performing in Rio de Janeiro in 1991. Feleppa died two years later from an AIDS-related brain haemorrhage. Michael had been unable to write for the next 18 months as a consequence of his grief, but then penned the words to "Jesus to a Child" in little more than an hour, indicating that the time was right to move on with his life. The song is written with a rhythm and harmony that is clearly influenced by the Brazilian Bossa Nova style.
The exact identity of the song's subject - and the nature of their relationship - was cause for a certain amount of innuendo at the time, however, as Michael had not confirmed his homosexuality and did not do so until 1998. Nowadays, Michael consistently dedicates the song to Feleppa before performing it live.
"Jesus to a Child" was the first of six singles from the album Older. It was Michael's sixth UK #1 under his solo name, although only the third as an entirely solo performer.