
                               Sims 3 Stuffs Pack V 1.0

What does this torrent include?

 For sure if you like “The Sims 3” created by EA Games, this pack will make your day. We all like to have new stuffs in our game, but the biggest problem is when we access a site and it asks us for money or to upgrade to premium account to download them .Well I must tell you that selling anything for SIMS 3 ,that is not on the official website is illegal. So all the downloading web sites,that are asking us for money are illegal . But I am here to help you,and offer you a lot of objects/clothes/hairs/lots(that you can get by paying) for free.. I told you ,this torrent will make your dream come true. 

More Details about Sims 3 Stuff Pack V 1.0?

Size: 1.41 GB
Number of Objects: 745 
Type of stuffs : Clothes/ Shoes/Hairs/ Objects/ Lots
Required games:
The Sims 3 Original Game
The Sims 3 World Adventures
The Sims 3 High End Loft
The Sims 3 Ambitions
You will need all the games above in order to use all the stuffs in the pack.

How do I install ?
First of all in the folder you will find package files and The Sims 3 Custom Content file too. 
Step 1- Copy Everything in the folder in My Documents/Electronic Arts/The Sims 3/Downloads
Step 2 – Open the Launcher.
Step 3-Now at the Launcher press the Download Tab.
Step 4-Wait for the list to load(even if it looks like there aren’t a lot of stuffs, you will see they are many when you will load them) and then press Install
Step 5- Wait for the installation to be completed ,and then exit the Launcher and open it again..
Step 6- Enjoy the game. ( It will take a bit more to load the game first time)

For the package files follow the next tutorial: http://www.sims2wiki.info/wiki.php?title=Sims_3:Installing_Package_Files

Upcoming Stuffs Pack?

We are working in releasing the Sims 3 Home Edition Pack. It will offer to the players hundreds of high quality houses to use in their game. The release date is currently unknown ,but we will try to inform you as soon as we are planning to release it.

Credits?

I don’t take credits for the works inside the torrent. I can tell you that all of them work fine without causing any crash in the game. All the credits go to the PMBD (Paysites must be destroyed) site and to the designer of the stuffs. So don’t contact me for designing new objects,I am simply collecting objects that are for sale,and giving it to you for free.

Thank you for downloading the Sims 3 Stuff Pack V1.0 
[Don’t forget to seed as much as possible,so other people can enjoy the new stuffs too]
