

Title: Gift of Christmas
Artist: En Vogue
Audio CD (October 8, 2002) 
Original Release Date: October 8, 2002 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: Discretion Entertainment 
Genre: Christmas
Format: flac


Track Listing:

01. Oh Christmas Tree Greeting
02. I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus
03. Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas
04. Jingle Bells (Euro)
05. Snowy Nights
06. My Christmas
07. Merry Christmas, Baby
08. This Christmas
09. That's What Christmas Means to Me
10. With My Honey
11. Oh Holy Night
12. What Child Is This (Prayer)
13. What Child Is This (Vocal)
14. Jingle Bells (Rock Version)
15. Jingle Bells (Instrumental) 



About the Artist
En Vogue first exploded onto the music scene in 1990. Born To Sing, their 1990 debut album dropped four #1 R&B singles, "Hold On", "Lies", "You Don't Have To Worry" and "Don't Go". Born To Sing achieved platinum status The act later released a six - song remix album titled "Remix To Sing" in 1991 before releasing one of the best selling albums of 1992. That album is, "Funky Divas". "Funky Divas" went directly to #1 and would later be certified 4x platinum and garnered 5 Grammy nominations.

The "Funky Divas" dropped the #1 singles, "My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)," "Giving Him Something He Can Feel," and the gold "Free Your Mind." "My Lovin'..." and "Free Your Mind" were two of the most played videos of '92. It was at the 1992 MTV Music Awards when En Vogue premiered their hit rock song "Free Your Mind" and won 6 MTV Video Awards. In '93, they were honoured with the "Soul Train Entertainer Of The Year" Award and an American Music Award for "Best Soul Album of the Year". "Runaway Love" their next single from an EP of the same name won an American Music Award and their collaboration with Salt 'N Peppa on the next single, "Whatta Man", more than ever made En Vogue a household word. 

By 1995, En Vogue came back with the smash hit "Don't Let Go (Love)". With a warm reception to "Don't Let Go (Love)", En Vogue released their next album "EV3" and within a few short months "EV3" went platinum. After the release of three singles from "EV3", including the powerful ballad "Too Gone, Too Long", the group once again decided to take a short hiatus. This break would temporarily be interrupted by their contribution "No Fool No More", the title track to the 1999 film; "Why Do Fools Fall In Love". It wasn't long before May 2000 when En Vogue came back on the scene with a new single "Riddle". "Riddle" lead to the release of En Vogue's fourth full-length album, aptly titled "Masterpiece Theatre". 

En Vogue has always garnered acclaim for their style and grace and have achieved global status as one of our time's preeminent female R&B/Pop female ensembles. Now, En Vogue is back with their first Christmas holiday album and year-'round wish for goodwill, En Vogue - "The Gift of Christmas" 


Product Description
After millions and millions of albums sold with Grammy nominated mega-hits such as "My Lovin' (You're Never gonna Get It)", "Hold On", "Givin' Him Somethin' He Can Feel", "Free Your Mind", "Whatta Man", "Don't Let Go (Love)", "No Fool No More", "Lies", "Don't Go", "You Don't Have to Worry", "Too Gone, Too Long"... the Funky Divas are back, badder than ever!

And now, returning from a well deserved hiatus, these Soul Train Entertainers of the Year and American Music Award Winners have in their own fashionable style and grace, crafted their latest release and very first Christmas Holiday Album... 

"THE GIFT of CHRISTMAS" 

