Re uploaded as previous had a 0.01% missing due to the fact i re executed the Exe for a re instal on my pc... this did change the hash of the torrent and this last one could not be finished anymore.

Guted and sorry for the + 300 leecherz. 


Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended LS4 (DK_DE_ES_FI_FR_IT_NO_NL_BR_SE) for Windows | 0.98GB


Adobe® Photoshop® CS5 Extended software is the ultimate solution for advanced digital imaging, delivering all the editing and compositing capabilities of Photoshop CS5 plus breakthrough tools that let you create and edit 3D and motion-based content.


DESIGN AMAZING IMAGES
Keep pushing creative boundaries with world-class 2D and 3D design. Use powerful new selection, painting, and warping capabilities to create standout images.

Make your web pages pop
Get just the right look for each client's site. Easily select intricate image elements for placing in layout. Create 3D artwork for logos and buttons.

Enhance 3D for video
Create and enhance 3D and motion-based content and prepare still images and text for all your projects. Work fast with cross-platform 64-bit support, and create stunning HDR images for video backdrops.

CREATE RICH INTERACTIVE EXPERIENCES
Design cutting-edge looks for interactive web content and experiences. Create 3D artwork, warped graphics, and realistic painting effects for all your projects.

Language: DK DE ES FI FR IT NO NL BR SE

Homepage: http://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop/photoshopextended/





Description

Adobe® Photoshop® CS5 Extended software is the ultimate solution for advanced digital imaging, delivering all the editing and compositing capabilities of Photoshop CS5 plus breakthrough tools that let you create and edit 3D and motion-based content.

INNOVATE IN 3D
Go beyond traditional image editing by bringing 3D elements to your 2D artwork directly within your favorite digital imaging application, which now offers an easy on-ramp to 3D image creation.

MAXIMIZE CREATIVE IMPACT
Explore new creative possibilities with tremendous precision and freedom. Easily select intricate image elements, such as hair. Create realistic painting effects. Remove any image element and see the space fill in almost magically.

Installation Instructions

1.Extract The rar Files.

2.After the files been extracted, open Set-Up.exe. follow instructions in the TXT file provided .

Leave comments here on TPB is having troubles to ... 







