HD Slideshows on Video,and DVD!

Digital cameras have made photography easier than ever but sharing your pictures is still harder than it needs to be. Ashampoo Slideshow Studio HD changes all this. With its easy point-and-click interface and ready-to-use themes you can create great auto-playing slideshows with music and terrific animated transitions in a snap.

However, the real innovation is the output formats: You can’t just burn your slideshows to DVDs that will play on any home DVD player. You can also generate HD (high-definition) slideshows that you can upload toand MyVideo, or as MPEG2, MPEG4 or Windows Media video files that will play on pretty much any computer available. And since the slideshows are saved in a single file sharing them couldn’t be easier.

Slideshow Studio HD lets you share your images with anyone, anywhere, now. And the slideshows look like they were created by a professional graphic artist – because they were.
Point and click speed meets your creativity
If you’re in a hurry you just need to select your photos, select one of the great graphical themes and then click Produce Slideshow. You’ll be asked to choose your output format and whether you want HD or normal definition but that’s it.

If you want to get creative you can insert your own text and graphics on top of your slides, and also geometric shapes, photos overlaid on photos, text arranged along curves, tables, captions and more. You can also add subtitles, and “brand” your slideshows with logos in the corner. You can choose from a score of great graphical transitions between your slides, or have random transitions for every slide. You can add multiple background music or other audio tracks and have the length of the slideshow automatically match the length of your music.

Slideshow Editor
The Slideshow Editor has an intuitive timeline that shows the entire slideshow sequence graphically. You get a live preview and can edit components on the timeline with Drag & Drop. You can rotate, resize, show and hide all the elements you add to your slides, with individual fade-in and fade-out for each element.

Or you can just choose a theme and let Slideshow Studio HD do all the work for you. Again, you choose.

Timeline editing with drag & drop and preview
Cross-fades and graphical transitions between images
Preview for all fades and transitions in the timeline
Add background music for the entire show with multiple tracks
Add titles, subtitles, shaped text
Add images, logos and graphical shapes with fill, borders etc.
Fade-in and fade-out for all objects (images, texts etc.)
Rotate images directly in the editor
Ready-to-use themes for point-and-click speed
Automatic save feature protects your work

Output formats:
*and MyVideo
Choose these formats to share your slideshows online onor MyVideo. You can choose the standard format or 720p HD videos.
* MPEG1
MPEG1 gives you medium compression and only supports standard format (no HD) but it plays on all modern computers.
* MPEG2, MPEG4
These formats offer better quality and compression and play on any computer with the correct codecs installed. MPEG2 and MPEG4 supports HD up to 1080p.
* Windows Media 9
Here too, better quality and compression and HD up to 1080p. Windows Media 9 plays on any Windows machine with Windows Media Player 9 or higher and on many other machines with support for WMV files.
* DVD
You can also burn your slideshows to standard DVDs that will play automatically when they are inserted in any DVD player, complete with the background music and transitions


Link to key gen
 
http://www.virustotal.com/sv/analisis/fea830298b58b51dec973a9d067c73adc99e51e785b5bf78b4c71e6bef14ce8b-1259410246

Enjoy




 