Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 256 kbps


"Woman" is a 1981 single by John Lennon from his 1980 album Double Fantasy. Written by Lennon: it is an ode to his wife Yoko Ono, which is introduced by Lennon whispering, "For the other half of the sky ...", a paraphrase of a Chinese proverb, one used by Mao Zedong.

In an interview for Rolling Stone magazine on December 5, 1980, Lennon said that "Woman" was a "grown-up version" of the song "Girl".

"Woman" was the second single released from the Double Fantasy album, and the first Lennon single issued after his death on December 8, 1980. The B-side of the single is Ono's song "Beautiful Boys". The single debuted at #3 in the UK, then moving to #2 and finally reaching #1, where it spent two weeks, knocking off the top spot his own re-released "Imagine". In the US the single spent three weeks at #2. The single was also a commercial success in New Zealand where it spent 5 weeks at #1.

Double Fantasy is the comeback album by John Lennon and Yoko Ono, released in 1980 initially on the newly-formed Geffen Records, and then from 1989 onwards through EMI. It is notable for being John Lennon's last authorised release, released only three weeks before his murder. The album won the 1981 Grammy Award for Album of the Year and is Lennon's best-selling studio album at three million shipments in the U.S.

Following the birth of his son Sean  in 1975, Lennon put his career on hold to raise the boy. In the summer of 1980, both Lennon and Ono felt ready to resume work and began composing.

After five years of little musical activity aside from recording the occasional demo in his apartment at The Dakota, Lennon was absolutely bursting with creativity. He had fulfilled a lifelong ambition of learning how to sail in early 1980 and had been given fresh creative impetus in June of that year following his life-affirming experiences sailing a 43-foot sloop to Bermuda, accompanied by a small crew. Once in Bermuda, he started writing songs for a new album, sometimes writing about new experiences and occasionally reworking the half finished demos that he had recorded in the Dakota building.

He was also, he claimed, the most content he had ever felt in all his years, even writing a song called "Life Begins at 40" to commemorate that milestone in his life. His assuredness and love for his family came through on the retro "(Just Like) Starting Over", as well as "Beautiful Boy (Darling Boy)" and "Woman".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

