Payed a month of usenet just to download this. Enjoy and seed!

                        

                        
	             xxxxxxxxxxx       xxxxxxxxxxx
                     xxxxxxx           xxxxxxx
                      xxxxxxx         xxxxxxx
                       xxxxxxx       xxxxxxx
                        xxxxxxx     xxxxxxx
                         xxxxxxx   xxxxxxx
                          xxxxxxx xxxxxxx
                           xxxxxxxxxxxxx
                            xxxxxxxxxxx
                              x-XMOD-x    
                            xxxxxxxxxxx
                           xxxxxxxxxxxxx
                          xxxxxxx xxxxxxx
                         xxxxxxx   xxxxxxx
                        xxxxxxx     xxxxxxx
                       xxxxxxx       xxxxxxx
                      xxxxxxx         xxxxxxx
                     xxxxxxx           xxxxxxx
                   xxxxxxxxxxx       xxxxxxxxxxx

	
360Dashit
tweaked Kiosk disk 2.1
(very, very similar to the "360 menu" dash that was released a while ago.)

I take NO credit for any of these, I did NOT make any of this.
I just had a kiosk disk from a source and was playing with it, 
quite interesting, it reminds me of the slayer evox thing for the first xbox.

The BIG thing about this, is that I use it to launch XBLA titles from an external HDD.
I did not find any other info on launching content package from an external source.


What this thing can do:
It launches somewhat of a dashboard (old style blades) from external HDD.

From there you can,
launch XBLA
launch xbox 360 games
launch original xbox games (still checking that, requires partition 2 emu thing)
launch applications (xex or content)
launch emulators (xex or content)
install DLC 
Listen to music
View movies

Lot of the content is edited with an .INI file obviously, quite simple and versatile, it seems to have
many options like adding video previews and trailers to your Arcade titles.
Once games are added to the database, they all run under the same number, so file can be used for everyone.
(just transfer XBLA to content folder and INI will already have on menu)


I know other people out there are going to find great usage for this, have fun.



Included:
The whole content ready to launch from USB0.
Original files for reference.
a few apps and emulators...

the rest is up to you and google, like me, go experiment and share.


Go hack 360


xmod