KING CRIMSON - IN THE COURT OF THE CRIMSON KING (40TH ANNIVERSARY SERIES)
CONTENT: FULL IMAGE OF THE DVD-A [DVD9] + SCANS


Recorded over a period of 10 days in August 1969 & released on October 10th of the same year In The Court Of The Crimson King stands as one of the defining albums of British rock music & one of the finest debut albums of all time. Described at the time as "an uncanny masterpiece" by Pete Townshend, the album has achieved legendary status over the years. It is the only studio document of an extraordinary year in the life of King Crimson; a year that began with the group's first rehearsals on January 13th, included a residency at the Marquee Club, a concert in Hyde Park with The Rolling Stones, the recording and release of the album and ended with the dissolution of the lineup at the close of Crimson's 1st American tour in December. 

In the 40 years since its release In The Court of the Crimson King has never been out of print or unavailable in any of the world's main music markets & continues to enjoy consistently high sales. 

Now expanded with a completely new mix, previously unreleased tracks & a stunning 5.1 Surround Sound mix. Steven Wilson said of the mixing work "The intention is certainly not to try to replace or supersede the 1969 mix (which, like many classic albums, is what it is partly because of the limitations of the original recording circumstances), but to provide an alternate perspective to what must now be considered not only a rock masterpiece, but also the foundation stone of progressive rock." 

Personnel: 

Robert Fripp:- guitar 
Ian McDonald: reeds, woodwind, vibes, keyboards, mellotron, vocals 
Greg Lake: bass guitar, lead vocals 
Michael Giles: drums, percussion, vocals 
Peter Sinfield: words and illumination 


FULL DVD-A

PART I 
1. 21st Century Schizoid Man 
2. I Talk to the Wind 
3. Epitaph 
4. Moonchild 
5. The Court of the Crimson King 

5.1 Surround Sound mixes available in DTS 5.1 (playable in all DVD players/DVD-Rom drives etc. with a compatible speaker setup) & MLP Lossless Audio (DVD-A players only). 

All 5.1 tracks mixed & produced by Steven Wilson, Executive producer: Robert Fripp. 


PART II 
24/48 High Resolution Stereo mixes of full CD audio content (playable in all DVD players/DVD-Rom drives etc.) & 24/96 High Resolution Stereo mixes (DVD-A players only). 


PART III 
The Alternate Album: In the Court of the Crimson King 

Alternate takes mixed for the first time from the original studio recordings. 

1. 21st Century Schizoid Man (Trio version - instrumental) 
2. I Talk to the Wind (Studio run through) 
3. Epitaph (Alternate Version) 
4. Moonchild (Take 1) 
5. The Court of the Crimson King (Take 3) 

Mixed & produced by Steven Wilson, Executive producer: Robert Fripp. 

24/48 High Resolution Stereo (playable in all DVD players/DVD-Rom drives etc.) & 24/96 High Resolution Stereo (DVD-A players only). 


PART IV 
Original album mix, 2004 remaster 

1. 21st Century Schizoid Man 
2. I Talk to the Wind 
3. Epitaph 
4. Moonchild 
5. The Court of the Crimson King 

24/48 High Resolution Stereo (playable in all DVD players/DVD-Rom drives etc.) & 24/96 High Resolution Stereo (DVD-A players only). 


PART V 
Video Content 

1. 21st Century Schizoid Man (edit), film from Hyde Park concert July 5th 1969 available for the first time with original audio from the actual performance. 

All material previously unreleased or previously unreleased in these versions except 
DVD content Part IV, previously released in standard 16 bit resolution as CD DGM0501 - In the Court of the Crimson King. 

DVD-A mastered & assembled by Neil Wilkes at Opus Productions, London. 

Please note, all the King Crimson DVD-As are Region 0 NTSC and should play on all players worldwide.


5 CD's OF THE DELUXE EDITION: http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5241720