A great deal of house music presented to you by Jeppelepsi.



I get tracks each day, mostly new stuff but sometimes oldies.
I will update weekly with new hot tracks so always download the latest torrent!
There will be new tracks in each torrent and instead of adding a new torrent with ALL my music over and over again, I decided to update only the new stuff. I will make a rar file and name them with "Husbehov Edit #X" (X=The higher number, the latest version) so that you who already downloaded an earlier version of my Husbehov will be able to know which torrent you will download next time.

All songs are 320 kbps but I use Audacity to cut songs where I think they should start. That's why in the description it says 128 kbps. The quality doesn't get worse, it only says so in the description.



This edit contains following HOT tracks:
Albin Myers - Light Of Day (Original Mix) (& John Dahlbäck)
Albin Myers - Romani Beats (Original Mix) (& Walodja)
Andres Cabréra - Lumino (Original Mix)
Avicii - Samba De Vega (Original Mix) (& Philgood)
Axwell - Open Your Heart (Danny Terrazza Remix)
Cassius - The Sound Of Violence (Steven Cole 4AM Remix)
DBN - Buckshee (Original Mix)
Digital Lab - Love Is What We Got (Pedro Henriques Can't Get Enough Edit)
Dirty South - Let The Aerodynamic Kontrast Go (Philipp Emanuel Bootleg) (Vs. Muzzaik Vs. Daft Punk)
Erick Morillo - Alive (Mikael Weermets & Johan Wedel Remix) (& Markus Binapfl Feat. Fiora Cutler)
Estelle - Fall In Love (Axel Bauer & Lanford Club Mix)
Faithless - Feel Me (ATFC's Spit Out The Sedative Remix)
Fatboy Slim - Star 69 (Thomas Gold 2010 Remix)
Harry Romero - Where You Are (Vocal Mix) (& Junior Sanchez & Alexander Technique Feat. Shawnee Taylor)
Kings Of Tomorrow - Finally Superstring (Eddie Thoneick Bootleg) (& Cygnus X)
Matt Caselli - Sign Your Name (Original Mix) (& Danny Freakazoid)
Sandro Silva - Graffiti (Original Mix)
Sandro Silva - Hero (Original Mix)
Skye - Love Show (Christian Luke 2010 ReBoot)
Sven Kirchhof - Almost There (Original Mix)
Tensnake - Coma Cat (Round Table Knights Remix)
Tensnake - Coma Cat (Treasure Fingers Remix)
Tiesto - Who Wants To Be Alone (Phillip D Remix) (Feat. Nelly Furtado)
Tony Gomez - Tell Me (Stereo Riders Mix)






Stay tuned.



Enjoy