Codec: AVI Format
Length: 1 Hours 42 Minutes
Res: 640x480 
http://www.treasureislandmedia.com/TreasureIslandMedia_2007/cart/PLANTIN-SEED-2.html

Treasure Island Media - Plantin Seed 2 - Bareback

"Hot studs plantin’ their seed deep in the asses of cum-hungry men. Non-stop raw fucking with infamous Treasure Island world-class cumdump Dawson.

Platin' Seed 2 is my first truly underground video with scene after scene of the hottest fuckin' men - on fire with total lust and abandon!

These men fuck like there's no tomorrow - with a truly deep-seeding drive for sexual connection.

Kevin Slater is one of San Francisco's premier studs, packin' a big ol' nine and a half inch manrammer (I swear to God it swells to well over ten when he's really on it). He's wanted to shoot his seed into the guts of Euro-boy Stephan ever since we showed Kevin pics of the cute 'n' innocent bottom-boy. And these two connect - butt good!

Bucking like a rabid mule, Slater shoves his big curved cock harder and deeper into innocent little Stephan's ass, ramming it deeper and deeper until you see him hit that spot (yeah, you know the spot). Stephan's eyes just suddenly glaze and he's on that different planet that a primal fuck puts you on. And Kevin just rides him hard, rammin' and slammin' until he gets the job done! 

------------------------

NOTE:

A lot of this stuff on eMule, using their client to connect to a server and search for those videos. Most of their videos are there. to get eMule client go here:

------------------------

NOTE:
By viewing this torrent page I agree that I am of legal age and not with any local, state, or federal law enforcement agencies whatsoever and that I am not a reporter, writer, or agent for any news or media organization. I am viewing this material at my sole discretion on my own behalf and will not report/disclose my findings and/or comments regarding this material. I subscribe to the principles of the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America which holds that free adult Americans have the right to decide for themselves what they will read and view without governmental interference. ADULT XXX CONTENT FOR ADULT VIEWING ONLY.	
