My Name is Khan [2010] - PDVDRip - XviD - 1CDRip - *CRYME.0007* - [M2Tv]

Movie Name : My Name is Khan
Year of Release : 2010
Release Date : 12 February 2010
Genre : Drama, Romance, Social
Banner : Dharma Productions
Producer : Gauri Khan, Hiroo Johar
Director : Karan Johar
Music Director : Shankar Mahadevan, Ehsaan Noorani, Loy Mendonsa
Playback Singer : Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, Shankar Mahadevan, Richa Sharma, Adnan Sami, Shreya Ghoshal, Shafqat Ali Khan, Rashid Khan, Suraj Jagan


Synopsis :

My name is Rizvan Khan. I might seem a little ?different? to you. That is because I have Aspergers Syndrome. It is named after Dr Hans Asperger who first noticed the traits in children. Having Aspergers does not mean I am stupid. I am very intelligent, but I don?t understand people. I don?t know why people say things they don?t mean. For example, they say come to my house any time, and when I go to their house they say why have you come at this time? Sometimes people think I am rude. I don?t mean to be rude, being rude is not good. My mother said there are only good people and bad people in the world and I am a good person...

His Story
Rizvan Khan, a Muslim man from India, moves to San Francisco and lives with his brother and sister-in-law. Rizvan, who has Aspergers, falls in love with Mandira. Despite protests from his family they get married and start a small business together. They are happy until September 11, 2001 when attitudes towards Muslims undergo a sea-change. When tragedy strikes, Mandira is devastated and they split. Rizvan is confused and very upset that the love of his life has left him. To win her back, he embarks on a touching and inspiring journey across America.

?My Name is Khan? is the triumphant story of an unconventional hero overcoming obstacles to regain the love of his life.

CAST:

Shah Rukh Khan
Kajol
Jimmy Shergill
Zarina Wahab
Parveen Dabbas
Arif Zakaria
Navneet Nishan
Sheetal Menon
Tanay Cheda
Arjun Mathur
Sonya Jehan

for screens see this



our quality

we don't fake

be a part of masti torrents now