HANNE BOEL - Black Wolf + Dark Passion (1988/1990)

Codec: mp3.
Description: MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3.
Bit rate: 320 kbps.
Sample rate: 44100 Hz joint stereo.
Tags: ID3V1 & ID3V2.
Source format: CD
Number of tracks 23.

Danish/Scandinavian Queen of Soul Hanne Boel's international breakthrough album 'Dark Passion' from 1990 and her 1988 debut 'Black Wolf'. 

When lead single "(I Wanna) Make Love To You" from 'Dark Passion' was released in the summer of 1990 the Swedes, the Norwegians, the Finns and even some Germans, Belgians and Dutch and in fact also a couple of 100.000 Japanese asked themselves the very same question: " - Is this Tina Turner's new single?" Little Anna Mae Bullock from Nutbush, Tennessee? No, it wasn't. It was little Hanne Boel from Bagsvaerd, Copenhagen, Denmark. Little Hanne with the Big Voice. 

Hanne, born in 1957, who was classically trained at the Royal Academy of Music in Copenhagen and who also had studied at Berklee School of Music in Boston, Massachussetts in 1980 and 1981 but then had returned home to Denmark to become a music teacher specialising in choral arrangements and chamber music. In her spare time she had played with semi-professional jazz-rock bands such as Soul Gang, Crew and Blast and had then gone on to sing backing vocals for some of the country's best-known artists like Sanne Salomonsen, Thomas Helmig, Anne Linnet, Kasper Winding and Laid Back (including their international hits "Sunshine Reggae" and "Bakerman") all through the eighties, before releasing her debut 'Black Wolf' in 1988. The album was recorded on a minimal budget, mainly between sessions for other artists, with most tracks cut entirely live in the studio in one single take and with very few overdubs - and little or no promotion by record company Medley. Despite this and entirely on the strength of Hanne's powerful voice and her interpretations of Dusty Springfield's 1968 classic "Son Of A Preacher Man" (who judging by the intro had relocated to Mumbai or Bangalore) and Janis Joplin's "Mercedes Benz" plus the duet "Talk It Out" with Thomas Helmig, 'Black Wolf' surprised both Medley and Hanne herself by becoming a massive seller, reaching the #1 position on the Danish albums chart, eventually going multi-platinum and garnering her a Grammy for Danish Vocalist of the Year in 1989. Hanne Boel had arrived.

The follow-up 'Dark Passion' was an entirely different affair - if not musically definitely budget-wise. The album was partly recorded in Los Angeles with musicians from all over the world, such as the African backing vocalists Tchandu Embalo, Moussa Diallo and Mini Zurahaliem, Jim Keltner on drums, Bob Glaub on bass, Billy Cross on guitars, percussion by Paulinho da Costa and it featured original material by international luminaries such as Martin Page and Bernie Taupin ("Light In Your Heart"), Dan Hartman ("How Do You Stop") and Tony Joe White ("If You Want My Body") - Hartman and White who both recently had composed songs for a certain album called 'Foreign Affair' with a certain singer from Nutbush, Tennessee...... The connections between Hanne and Tina Turner don't stop there though; the opening track "Games" was originally cut as a demo by Tina in 1983, a year before her triumphant comeback with her 'Private Dancer' album, but Hanne's recording of the song was released first of the two and Tina's version only resurfaced as a rarity in the 'Collected Recordings - Sixties to Nineties' box set some ten years later. The comparisons between Tina and Hanne are in other words unavoidable, but as Hanne herself has pointed out to many reporters over the past two decades, she in fact feels that she has more in common musically with Dusty Springfield and Janis Joplin, if only for the fact that their repertoires all fall into the category that is generally termed 'Blue-Eyed Soul'. Ever modest and humble as she is, she usually adds " - But I naturally wouldn't dream of comparing myself to legends such as Dusty and Janis in any other way...." 'Dark Passion' closes with two of Hanne's self-penned tracks, the straight-forward rocker "Strange World" and the jazz-tinged and achingly melancholy ballad "Cry For You" (the latter which yours truly still considers one of her finest moments).

'Dark Passion' not only out-sold 'Black Wolf' in Denmark, but it also became Hanne's breakthrough in all the other Scandinavian countries (#3 Sweden, #16 Norway) and partly also in Continental Europe and Asia, generating three major hits; "(I Wanna) Make Love To You", "Light In Your Heart" and "If You Want My Body" (subtitled "You Gotta Make Love To My Mind"). In 1991 the album was awarded no less than four Grammies in Denmark; Danish Vocalist of the Year, Danish Album of the Year, Song of the Year ("(I Wanna) Make Love To You") and Producer of the Year (Poul Bruun). 

By the mid-nineties Hanne had established herself as one of Scandinavia's leading artists, in the 2000's she has toured extensively not only in the Nordic countries but also in Continental Europe, Asia and Africa. She has released some fifteen albums to date, most of which have topped the Danish charts and have gone Top 20 in the rest of Scandinavia. Having sold some 3 million albums, Hanne is often referred to as our very own Soul Mama, although she has explored a wide variety of musical genres over the years, including jazz, R&B, bluegrass, gospel, reggae, World Music, acoustic country-blues-rock but also melodic techno-pop. Today everybody in Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland instantly recognizes that dark, expressive and slightly smoky voice as Hanne Boel's - and nobody else's..... 

...og sådan begyndte det hele.. 


TRACK LISTS

Black Wolf (1988)
=================

01. Black Wolf
02. Son Of A Preacher Man
03. Talk It Out (Duet with Thomas Helmig)
04. Mercedes Benz
05. You Talked Me Into Staying
06. Living On The Bright Side
07. Don't Go To Strangers
08. Give Up
09. Leaders Of The World
+
10. Black Wolf (1996)
11. Talk It Out (2008, Feat. Eagle-Eye Cherry)


Dark Passion (1990)
===================
01. Games
02. (I Wanna) Make Love To You
03. Light In Your Heart
04. How Do You Stop
05. If You Want My Body
06. Keep The Clock Running
07. Warm And Tender Love
08. Strange World
09. Cry For You
+
10. (I Wanna) Make Love To You (Soulpower Remix)
11. If You Want My Body (Extended Version)
12. Light In Your Heart (Reggae Version)


For further info:


Enjoy and share with your fellow man.
