The National - High Violet [2010] @320kbps !!!!

Finally, a FULL QUALITY version!!!

Spectral Images:

England:
Lemonworld:

I think you would be hard pressed to find anyone who would disagree that The National's Boxer was one of the best albums of 2007.  That means a lot of people have spent a lot of time anticipating the release of its follow-up High Violet (out May 11th).

Fans will be pleased to hear that success hasn't made Matt Berninger any happier over the last couple of years.  Lyrically, songs like "Sorrow" and "Anyone's Ghost" are brimming with hopelessness and despair.  "Runaway" provides the voice of defiance a la Boxer's "Start a War".  Throughout Berninger's vocals present them with the appropriate level of despondency.


Track listing

01. Terrible Love
02. Sorrow
03. Anyone’s Ghost
04. Little Faith
05. Afraid of Everyone
06. Bloodbuzz Ohio
07. Lemonworld
08. Runaway
09. Conversation 16
10. England
11. Vanderlyle Crybaby Geeks

The bulk of the arrangements will be familiar.  Songs like the triumphant "England" are lush and very deliberately structured.  The Dessner brothers guitars are supplemented by a wide array of supporting instruments, including piano and the now requisite strings. 

There are a handful of instances, such as on the smoldering opener "Terrible Love", when the band does venture into a more dissonant sound.  At times they even seem to flirt with chaos, always halting just before the song completely collapses in on itself.

The trademark National intensity is on full display on "Ohio Bloodbuzz".  It's there on "Afraid of Everyone" too, a track that's vintage National with a twist.  The slow build is layered with fetching backing vocals by Marla Hansen, that carry you to the brink of the abyss before abandoning you there, seeking closure.  Elsewhere on the record, backing vocals are provide by The Arcade Fire's Richard Reed Perry, Justin Vernon of Bon Iver, and Sufjan Stevens.

Much like its predecessor it takes a while to immerse yourself in High Violet.  It's worth the effort though, as the payoff is tremendous when you finally come to fully appreciate the album.

The National play Massey Hall in Toronto on June 8th & 9th.

Best tracks: "Lemonworld", "England"