The Bait Bus - TBBBRETGREY - I Wanna Get Fucked by my Childhood Friend - Bret & Grey - LinkJones : 1.17 GB    

Released : August 13, 2002

Staring Bret & Grey

Run Time : 58 min

Premise Of The Bait Bus :  
  
 It's been a long time since I  logged  onto a gay porn site and  laughed.
Especially when the premise of the site was intentionally funny. But the
guys at  Baitbus.com really  know  how to entertain.  The idea is pretty
simple. These two chicks with a video camera drive around picking up hot
 guys. They offer them money to be in a porn movie and get a blowjob from
one of  them  while  the  other  shoots  a  video.  They  blindfold  the
unsuspecting  victim and then pull the old switcheroo  by  bringing  out
another hot guy to go down on him. You might  think that's ballsy enough
and that would be it but oh no. These guys are twisted! They let the guy
take off the  blindfold  while the dude  is still tonsils  deep  just to
get his reaction. Then the girls talk him into fucking their male friend
for even more money and a chance to  finally fuck the girl,  which never
actually  happens  as they  drive away  leaving a  very  pissed off dude
trailing off into the distance.  

                            GeNRe ; Gay Adult                                   
                            LaNGue : eNGLiSH                               
                            RuN TiMe : 58 MiN 00 SeC                     
                            FiLe SiZe : 1.17 GB                              
                            ViDeo FoRMaT : aVi                            
                            CoDeC : XviD                                      
                            BiT RaTe : 2097 Kbps                                 
                            ReSoLuTioN : 720 X 540                             
                            ASPeCT RaTio : 4:3                                 
                            FRaMe RaTe : 29.970 fps                             
                            STaNDaRD : NTSC                                    
                            auDio FoRMaT : MPeG LayeR 3                      
                            CoDeC : MP3                                         
                            BiT RaTe : 160 Kbps                                 
                            BiT MoDe : CoNSTaNT                                
                            CHaNNeLS : 2 channels                               
                            SaMPLiNG RaTe : 48.0 KHz                                                                                                           
                                                                         
                                    TRaiLeR                                    
                                                                                 
http://baitbus.com/t1/pps=comein/trailers/tbbbretgrey-i-wanna-get-fucked-by-my-childhood-friend.html  

Please seed as much as you can I have found that when you do your finding and downloading of files improves. If you think I'm wrong try it for a while = )~

Cheers,

LinkJones