

Louis Armstrong - what a wonderful world...


Louis Armstrong is one of the most amazing singers of the 20th century, introducing this song to the world brought smiles and tears to anyone who heard it, possibly one of the greatest songs ever recorded.

This song is saddening because we all know that a wonderful world could ever only be visualized in portrayed as such in a song and that it can never become a reality...the irony is saddening.



To the suffering of the little Children in this video: "the original Kim Phuc video.flv"




Is it possible to grieve after watching this video? If you don't after watching it, you may be required to turn in proof that you still have a human heart.





To the image of napalm burned Kim Phuc:

Phan Th Kim Phúc known as Kim Phuc (born 1963) was the subject of a famous photo from the Vietnam war. The picture shows her at about age nine running naked after being severely burned on her back by a napalm attack.

After taking the photograph, Nick Ut promptly took Kim Phuc to a hospital in Saigon where it was determined that her burns were so severe that she would not survive. However, after a 14 month hospital stay and 17 surgical procedures, she returned home. Nick Ut continued to visit until the fall of Saigon three years later when he was evacuated.

The publication of the photo was delayed due to the AP bureau's debate about transmitting a naked girl's photo over the wire:

...an editor at the AP rejected the photo of Kim Phuc running down the road without clothing because it showed frontal nudity. Pictures of nudes of all ages and sexes, and especially frontal views were an absolute no-no at the Associated Press in 1972...Horst argued by telex with the New York head-office that an exception must be made, with the compromise that no close-up of the girl Kim Phuc alone would be transmitted. The New York photo editor, Hal Buell, agreed that the news value of the photograph overrode any reservations about nudity.

Associated Press photographer Nick Ut earned a Pulitzer Prize for the photograph. The image of her running naked amidst the chaotic background became one of the most remembered images of the Vietnam War....

He still works for the AP, at their Los Angeles bureau. He is a United States citizen, and is married with two children.

Napalm on villages and children.... What a wonderful world in the eyes of the Unites States at that time….

Watch the original: Kim Phuc - on youtube…: The video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev2dEqrN4i0 

