SLUMDOG MILLIONAIR DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x272[wide screen]
runtime 02:00:34
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Dev Patel
Freida Pinto
Madhur Mittal
Anil Kapoor
Ayush Mahesh Khedekar
Tanay Chheda
Rubina Ali
Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar
Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail

PLOT

Jamal is a contestant on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, hosted by Prem Kumar (Anil Kapoor). He has already won Rs.10,000,000 and has made it to the final question, for Rs. 20,000,000, scheduled for the next day. Following up on a tip-off from Prem Kumar, the police now suspect Jamal of cheating, because the other possibilities—that he has a vast knowledge, or that he is very lucky—seem unlikely.

Jamal then explains that, while at least the question about Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan was very simple, he knew the answers of most questions by chance, because of things that happened in his life, conveyed in a series of flashbacks documenting the details of his childhood. This includes scenes of his obtaining Bachchan's autograph (which is then sold by his brother without his permission), the death of his mother during anti-Muslim violence (rekindling memory of the 1993 anti-Muslim attacks in the Bombay slums),[7] and how he and his brother Salim befriended Latika (Rubina Ali). He refers to Salim and himself as Athos and Porthos, and Latika as the third of the The Three Musketeers, the name of whom they do not learn.

In Jamal's flashback, the children are eventually discovered by Maman (Ankur Vikal) while they are living in the trash heaps. Maman is a gangster (a fact they do not actually know at the time they meet him) who pretends to run an orphanage in order to "collect" street children so that he can ultimately train them to beg for money. Salim is groomed to become a part of Maman's operation and is told to bring Jamal to Maman in order to be blinded by acid, and have his eyes removed with a hot spoon (which would improve his income potential as a singing beggar). Salim protects his brother, and the three children try to escape, but only he and Jamal are able to do so, jumping onto a train which is departing. Latika catches up and takes Salim's hand, but Salim purposely lets go, and she is recaptured by the gangsters as the train accelerates away.

The brothers make a living, traveling on top of trains, selling goods, picking pockets, and cheating naive tourists at the Taj Mahal by pretending to be tour guides. Jamal eventually insists that they return to Mumbai since he wishes to locate Latika, which annoys Salim. They eventually find her, discovering that she had been raised by Maman to be a culturally talented prostitute whose virginity will fetch a high price. The brothers attempt to rescue her, but Maman intrudes, and in the resulting conflict Salim draws a gun and kills Maman. Salim then uses the fact that he killed Maman to obtain a job with Javed (Mahesh Manjrekar), a rival crime lord. Salim returns to the room where the three were staying and orders Jamal to leave. Jamal after hearing Salim calling Latika for sex, attacks his brother violently before being overturned by Salim and confronted by Salim's revolver with Salim threatening to kill him. Latika intervenes and tells Jamal to leave, breaking his heart and sacrificing herself to keep him safe. With Maman's men searching for Salim, Salim and Latika flee to an unknown location, leaving Jamal alone to fend for himself.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1010048/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS