This is Anthony J. Hilder's mindblowing booklet The War Lords of Washington - Secrets of Pearl Harbor - An Interview with Colonel Curtis Dall (1991) which directly exposes how individuals in the US government and the International Banking Cartels conspired to sacrifice American soldiers in the Pearl Harbor attack on December 7, 1941. Former US president Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said: "In politics nothing happens by accident. If it happens you can bet it was planned that way." And sure enough that is exactly what happened according to Colonel Curtis Dall, Roosevelt's ex-son in-law. Radio Free World talk-show host and documentary filmmaker Anthony J. Hilder interviews Dall who welcomes this opportunity to bring out the true story of the dramatic events, which led straight to the attack at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. As he testifies, this attack was not only provoked but welcomed by the International Banking Cartelists and their agents working within the higher echelon of government within the United States. He then alludes to the fact that the U.S. had foreknowledge that the Japanese were crossing the Pacific. Plus the fact that the Japanese purple code was broken six months in advance, which unequivocally means the U.S. knew exactly what was transpiring. They even had the U.S. naval fleet moved from San Diego to Pearl Harbor. This attack was wanted because Roosevelt couldn't get congress to declare war against Adolph Hitler. Besides, the Secretary of War wrote in his diary on November 25, 1941 that, "The question was how we should maneuver them (the Japanese) into firing the first shot, without allowing too much damage to ourselves. It was a difficult proposition." This quote is admissible evidence beyond a shadow of a doubt proving that the U.S. had foreknowledge of the attack. Additionally, Dall charges that the International Banking Cartelist conspired for a world dictatorship through a one-world currency - not for the emancipation of man but the enslavement of mankind. Dall also said that these same international war conspirators and their agents deliberately delayed the end of World War II so they could set up the fall of China to Mao Tse-Tung. Furthermore, the US government deliberately extended the war to allow the Red Russian butchers to take over North Korea - they then sold Japan's Sakhalin Island and America's Kurile Islands into slavery. The sad reality is that this is all true. America and Japan received nothing but casualties, debt, and loss, while Soviet Russia, and their international Socialist Dictatorship won half of Europe and Asia. America got nothing from it except 292,000 dead, 672,000 wounded, and a bill for about $350 billion. Also the Japanese empire collapsed. Hilder and Dall expose all the lies, deceit, and corruption in Washington DC. And Dall's credibility is superior to most other historians when it comes to this subject because of his close relations to the Roosevelt family. After all he was Anna E. Roosevelt's first husband. The War Lords of Washington is a must read if you want to properly ascertain how and why individuals in US government would commit such treasonous acts. It covers Pearl Harbor and the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and properly identifies these heinous acts as war crimes of highest magnitute. 48 pages, some pictures. A must read for everyone. Note: The cover features japanese characters (intentionally) but the text is otherwise in english.