Artist: John Kay
Album: My Sportin' Life
Release Date: 1973
Label: Dunhill
Styles: Rock & Roll, Hard Rock, Arena Rock
-----
TRACKS
1. Moonshine (Friend Of Mine) (L. Emmerson) 2:46
2. Nobody Lives Here Anymore (J. Kay) 4:00
3. Drift Away (M. Williams) 4:04
4. Heroes And Devils (R. Armand, K. Chater) 3:08
5. My Sportin' Life (J. Kay) 5:12
6. Easy Evil (A. O'Day) 3:36
7. Giles Of The River (D. Fagen, W. Becker) 3:30
8. Dance To My Song (J. Kay) 4:06
9. Sing With The Children (R. Davies) 6:36
-----
CREDITS
George Biondo - Bass
Bill Cooper - Bass
Daryl Dragon - Keyboards
Stan Farber - Vocals
Venetta Fields - Vocals
Whitey Glan - Drums
Kent Henry - Guitar
Gloria Jones - Vocals
John Kay - Guitar, Harmonica, Vocals
Larry Knechtel - Keyboards
Danny Kortchmar - Guitar
Russ Kunkel - Drums
Sherlie Matthews - Vocals
Gene Morford - Vocals
Alan O'Day - Keyboards
Richard Podolor - Mandolin, Keyboards
Leland Sklar - Bass
Hugh Sullivan - Keyboards
Mike Utley - Piano

John Kay (born 12 April 1944 as Joachim Fritz Krauledat in Tilsit, East Prussia) is a German-born Canadian singer, songwriter and guitarist known as the front man of Steppenwolf. In the Neil Young biography, Shakey, Neil Young attributes his guitar style to the influence of John Kay; both are Canadians.

After the Expulsion of Germans after World War II and the annexation of the northern part of East Prussia by the Soviet Union, Kay's mother also fled the Soviet occupied East Germany in 1948 to resettle in Hanover, West Germany (as recounted in his song "Renegade" on the album Steppenwolf Seven). Young Joachim had listened to the music broadcast by the American Forces Network before moving to Canada in 1958.

He joined a blues rock and folk music group known as The Sparrows in 1965, which had moderate success in Canada before moving to California, augmenting its line-up and changing its name to Steppenwolf in 1967. With more aggressive music, that pioneered hard rock and heavy metal, Kay's Steppenwolf had international success with songs such as "Born to Be Wild", "Magic Carpet Ride", "Monster", "The Pusher", and "Rock Me", which was multiplied by the use of "Born to Be Wild" and "The Pusher" in the 1969 movie Easy Rider.

Kay recorded both as a solo artist and with Steppenwolf during the late 1970s, and is wrapping up Steppenwolf's 40th year of touring with a final gig in October 2007.

In 2004 he was inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame, in recognition of his early years as a Canadian citizen and the beginnings of his musical career in Toronto. Whereas any celebrity that meets criteria can finance their way into the Hollywood Walk of Fame, inductees to Canada's Walk of Fame are selected via a supervising committee, and thus must earn their honour. John Kay was present at the induction ceremony in Toronto, and reiterated his strong affection for Canada.

Kay suffers from congenital achromatopsia, a defect of the eyes which causes legal blindness, complete colorblindness, and increased sensitivity to light, the latter of which being the reason he wears his trademark sunglasses to combat. Despite this condition, he is an avid videographer.