Many cartoons from previous decades are routinely edited on international television (and on some video and DVD collections) today. Usually, the only censorship deemed necessary is the cutting of the occasional perceived racist joke, instance of graphic violence, or scene of a character doing something that parents and watchdog groups fear children will try to imitate (such as smoking, drinking alcohol, ingesting pills and dangerous chemicals freely, playing with fire, and abusing animals).

However, in the case of the Censored Eleven, racist themes are so essential and so completely pervade the cartoons that the copyright holders believe that no amount of selective editing can ever make them acceptable for distribution.
Of the cartoons included in the Censored Eleven, animation historians and film scholars are quickest to defend the two directed by Bob Clampett, Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs and Tin Pan Alley Cats. The former, a jazz-based parody of Walt Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, is frequently included on lists of the "greatest" cartoons ever made, while the latter is a hot jazz re-interpretation of Clampett's now-classic 1938 short Porky in Wackyland. Author Michelle Klein-Hass wrote:

". . . some even look at Clampett's Jazz cartoons and cry racism when Clampett was incredibly ahead of his time and was a friend to many of the greats of the LA jazz scene. All of the faces you see in Tin Pan Alley Cats and Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs are caricatures of real musicians he hung out with at the Central Avenue jazz and blues clubs of the '40s. He insisted that some of these musicians be in on the recording of the soundtracks for these two cartoons."

When he obtained distribution rights to all pre-1948 Warner Bros. cartoons in 1986, Ted Turner vowed that he would not distribute or air any cartoons from the Censored Eleven. They were the only cartoons in this package not to be featured in the laserdisc series The Golden Age of Looney Tunes. [1]
Since Time Warner bought Turner Broadcasting, and with it their cartoons, in 1996, this policy has largely been upheld, but has also shown signs of weakening. A total of twelve Bugs Bunny shorts were not aired on Cartoon Network during its "June Bugs" marathon in 2001, for example, but in 2003, Warner Bros. began to release DVD collections of classic cartoons entitled the Looney Tunes Golden Collection with one of the cartoons (Frigid Hare, which depicts a stereotypical Eskimo trying to kill a baby penguin, and was still seen on Cartoon Network as late as 2002 and featured as a DVD extra in March of the Penguins) featured on the set uncut and uncensored. Also in 2001, Cartoon Network animation documentary show ToonHeads had a one-hour special centered on World War II-era cartoons and two World War II-era Bugs Bunny shorts (Herr Meets Hare shown in full and Bugs Bunny Nips the Nips shown in clips in a short montage about the depictions of Japanese people at the time) were shown.

While none of the shorts included on the discs are part of the Censored Eleven, many of the cartoons that were included were routinely censored on television, but were included uncut on DVD. Furthermore, each DVD from the Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3 opens with a foreword by Whoopi Goldberg, where she warns the audience about some of these shorts, stating that - although the behavior was and is not acceptable - the cartoons depicting this are a vital part of history, and should not be forgotten. The Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4 collection includes a similar disclaimer, only it was written on a gold card and merely summarized the point that while the cartoons are considered offensive today for what they depict, they are not going to be shown censored because editing out the racist depictions (and therefore effectively denying that the racism of the era ever happened) is worse than actually showing them.
Many of the Censored Eleven are available on bootleg video. Hittin' the Trail for Hallelujah Land, Jungle Jitters, and All This and Rabbit Stew are now in the public domain (the copyrights of Hittin' the Trail for Hallelujah Land and Jungle Jitters actually expired in 1965, three years before the ban, and All This and Rabbit Stew's copyright expired in 1969, a year after the ban), and frequently turn up on home video releases and video searches on the Internet.
[edit]Censored Eleven list

The cartoons in the Censored Eleven are:
 
Hittin' the Trail for Hallelujah Land (1931, directed by Rudolf Ising)

Sunday Go to Meetin' Time (1936, rereleased as a Blue Ribbon in 1944, directed by Friz Freleng)

Clean Pastures (1937, directed by Friz Freleng)

Uncle Tom's Bungalow (1937, directed by Tex Avery)

Jungle Jitters (1938, directed by Friz Freleng)

The Isle of Pingo Pongo (1938, rereleased as a Blue Ribbon in 1944, directed by Tex Avery)

All This and Rabbit Stew (1941, directed by Tex Avery)

Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs (1943, directed by Robert Clampett)

Tin Pan Alley Cats (1943, directed by Robert Clampett)

Angel Puss (1944, directed by Chuck Jones)

Goldilocks and the Jivin' Bears (1944, rereleased as a Blue Ribbon in 1952, directed by Friz Freleng)