File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Wait Your Turn" is a song performed by singer Rihanna. It was written by Rihanna, James Fauntleroy II, Takura Tendayi, StarGate, and Chase & Status. It was produced by StarGate and Chase & Status. The song is taken from Rihanna's fourth studio album Rated R. It charted in a number of countries in late 2009 due to strong digital sales following the album's release.

Rihanna shot the music video to "Wait Your Turn" on October 16, 2009. The director of the video is Anthony Mandler who shot most of Rihanna's music videos. It premiered on November 3, 2009 on Rihanna's official website. Rihanna is featured in black-and-white scenes, wearing an eye patch and a high-necked jacket. She is seen in what looks like a park-like area, on a bridge with metal gates and in front of a skyline like background with lit up buildings. There are also scenes where she is sporting a black hoodie and singing the song in a church.

A snippet of the song with the title "The Wait is Ova" appeared as background music for a promo video of Rated R. It was later confirmed that the song's actual title is "Wait Your Turn". The song's writer said that the label informed him that the song has been chosen as the album's second single. However, it was later announced that "Hard" had been chosen as the second single instead. "Wait Your Turn" was then slated to be the third single, however, it was pushed back once again, this time in favour of "Rude Boy".

Following the release of Rated R, "Wait Your Turn" began to receive increasing amounts of digital downloads. The single managed to receive a UK Singles Chart placement of #45 and a UK R&B Chart placement of #17. "Wait Your Turn" also received a placement of #32 on the Irish Singles Chart.

"Wait Your Turn" also peaked at #82 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart.

However, unlike "Hard", "Wait Your Turn" did receive promotion, in the form of a video, that was made available prior to the release of the album. This additional promotion explains why "Wait Your Turn" was more successful than the other pre-release songs from Rated R.

Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian R&B singer-songwriter Rihanna, released November 20, 2009 on Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions for the album took place during March to November 2009 at Milk Studios and Germano Studios in Manhattan, New York, Studios Davout in Paris, France, and Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California. Conceived after Rihanna's assault by her then-boyfriend, singer Chris Brown, Rated R features a foreboding and angry tone, in terms of musical and lyrical direction, and incorporates elements of hip hop, rock, and dubstep.

The album debuted at number 4 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling 181,000 copies in its first week, making it Rihanna's highest-selling debut in the United States. It has spawned two singles, "Russian Roulette" and "Hard", that attained Billboard chart success, both peaking within the top ten. Upon its release, Rated R received generally positive reviews from most music critics, based on an aggregate score of 76/100 from Metacritic. The album has so far sold more than 1.3 million copies worldwide in just two months of release. This is also her third consecutive Platinum album in the U.S.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

