 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/612kobPFNYL._SS500_.jpg


Title: Sign 'O' the Times
Artist: Prince 
Audio CD (July 14, 2009) 
Original Release Date: March 31, 1987 
Number of Discs: 1 
Label: MCA
Genre: Rock
Format: flac


Track Listing:

01. Sign 'O' the Times (Unreleased Version Edit)
02. Play in the Sunshine
03. Housequake (Razormaid Remix Edit)
04. Ballad of Dorothy Parker
05. It (Maniac Mix Edit)
06. Starfish and Coffee (Muppet Mix)
07. Slow Love
08. Hot Thing (Hot Dub Edit)
09. Forever in My Life 
10. U Got the Look {Feating Sheena Easton]
11. If I Was Your Girlfriend
12. Strange Relationship (First Mix Edit)
13. I Could Never Take the Place of Your Man (Unreleased Version Edit)
14. Cross
15. It's Gonna be a Beautiful Night (Edit)
16. Adore  


All Music Review:
Fearless, eclectic, and defiantly messy, Prince's Sign 'O' the Times falls into the tradition of tremendous, chaotic double albums like The Beatles, Exile on Main St., and London Calling — albums that are fantastic because of their overreach, their great sprawl. Prince shows nearly all of his cards here, from bare-bones electro-funk and smooth soul to pseudo-psychedelic pop and crunching hard rock, touching on gospel, blues, and folk along the way. This was the first album Prince recorded without the Revolution since 1982's 1999 (the band does appear on the in-concert rave-up, "It's Gonna Be a Beautiful Night"), and he sounds liberated, diving into territory merely suggested on Around the World in a Day and Parade. While the music overflows with generous spirit, these are among the most cryptic, insular songs he's ever written. Many songs are left over from the aborted triple album Crystal Ball and the abandoned Camille project, a Prince alter ego personified by scarily sped-up tapes on "If I Was Your Girlfriend," the most disarming and bleak psycho-sexual song Prince ever wrote, as well as the equally chilling "Strange Relationship." These fraying relationships echo in the social chaos Prince writes about throughout the album. Apocalyptic imagery of drugs, bombs, empty sex, abandoned babies and mothers, and AIDS pop up again and again, yet he balances the despair with hope, whether it's God, love, or just having a good time. In its own roundabout way, Sign 'O' the Times is the sound of the late '80s — it's the sound of the good times collapsing and how all that doubt and fear can be ignored if you just dance those problems away. 
 
