
     Since the first release of the minimoog V, we had it foremost in our
     mind to make a playable instrument rather than a technical tool. Since
     then we have gone to great lengths to listen to all remarks and advice
     from users, journalists, experts and officianados. We took every
     comment very carefully into consideration and used that to create an
     emulation that's better than ever. 
     
     While keeping the ease of use and the musicality already loved by the
     users of the Minimoog V, we improved some details and refined the
     application of TAE to the Minimoog V, to be even closer to the
     original minimoog. Now with the minimoog V version 1.6, you can be
     sure to have the the most intuitive and musical Minimoog emulation
     available on the market today. 
     Here is a high-level view of the changes we've made: 
     
     Filter: The filter has the same sharp and precise sound as before, but
     now it is more agile and responds to envelopes and modulations faster
     than before. FM modulation on the filter is a good place to exploit
     this improvement. 
     
     Oscillator: Square pulse width is now of 48 % by default, to be closer
     to the original, because most of the original Minimoog has an average
     pulse width of 48 %. You can tune the pulse width of the Minimoog V as
     before to 50 %, and the presets made with previous versions won't
     change.
     
     The ramp/triangle and triangle waveforms are now nearly
     indistiguishable form the original Minimoog. The pulse width
     modulation on these waveforms has also been extended. The Pulse Width
     Modulation on the ramp/triangle and triangle waveforms is an unique
     feature on the market, only possible with the minimoog V. It produces
     a very particular and sweet sound, especially on the ramp/triangle
     waveform. 
     
     Envelopes : now the retriggering behavior of the envelopes reproduces
     exactly the original contour behavior:
     
     Unison mode : this mode is now more musical, with some fine-tuned
     inter-oscillator drifts to produce a fatter and larger sound, more
     trut to the original. 
     
     Efficiency: Now you can use FM and soft clipping without taking
     exhorbitant CPU cycles, which now allows you to achieve complex sounds
     without freezing your computer !!
     
     
     minimoog V 1.6 - What's new

     
     * Universal Binary support 
     * Vst 2.4  Cubase 4 ready 
     * Factory presets have been checked and re-tuned 
     * A new installer, regrouping all previous updates 
     * Bug fix: the oscillator does not detune anymore 
     
     
     Required Configuration:
     
     PC :
     Pentium II 500 MHz, 128 MB of RAM, Windows 9x/2000/ME/XP
      
     MAC :
     G3 500 MHz, 128 MB of RAM, MacOS 9.2.2 or higher, Mac OS X 10.2 or
     higher
      
     Sound Card :
     Any sound card compatible with DirectX, ASIO, SoundManager or
     CoreAudio
      
     
     A 230-paged paper manual is provided in 3 languages: French, English
     and Japanese.
     
     Copy protection: the installation CD is only required each time you
     want to import new banks of presets or when you install an update
     patch of the product.
     