 http://bayimg.com/LAeIHAACa

Editors:
Wai-Fah Chen University of Hawaii, Honolulu, Hawaii, USA
Charles S Scawthorn EQE International, Berkeley, California, USA
Jorma K Arros ABS consulting, Oakland, California, USA



Written for practitioners, this is a comprehensive resource that covers the
spectrum of disciplines and topics needed to design for and mitigate earthquakes. International
experts provide the essential elements of each subject, from the fundamentals,
geoscience, and structural aspects to the social and economic impact of earthquakes. The
Earthquake Engineering Handbook emphasizes professional applications, offers ready-to-use
material that gives immediate answers to real problems, and covers both the traditional and
the innovative practices of earthquake engineering.?

- Offers an historical perspective, an overview of the framework for
earthquake risk management, and an introduction to dynamics
- Covers geoscience topics, including geology, tectonics, liquefaction, and
tsunamics, with emphasis on strong ground motion
- Addresses the range of structures, from building to bridges to the
infrastructure of power, transportation and communications systems
- Stresses professional applications and ready-to-use materials
- Includes 1,000 illustrations

- - - - -

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART 1: FUNDAMENTALS
Earthquakes-Historical Perspective, Charles Scawthorn
Earthquake Risk Management-An Overview, Charles Scawthorn
Dynamics of Structures, Jorma K. Arros

PART 2: GEOSCIENCE ASPECTS
Earthquakes: Seismogenesis, Measurement and Distribution, Charles Scawthorn
Engineering Models of Strong Ground Motion, Kenneth W. Campbell
Simulation Modeling of Strong Ground Motion, M. Erdik and E. Durukal
Geotechnical and Foundation Aspects, Horst Brandes
Seismic Hazard Analysis, Paul C. Thenhaus and Kenneth W. Campbell
Tsunami and Seiche, Costa Synolakis
Soil-Structure Interaction, James J. Johnson

PART 3: STRUCTURAL ASPECTS
Building Code Provisions for Seismic Resistance, Ronald O. Hamburger, S.E.
Seismic Design of Steel Structures, Ronald O. Hamburger, S.E and Niaz A. Nazir,
SE
Reinforced Concrete Structures, Y.L. Mo
Precast and Tilt-Up Buildings, Charles Scawthorn and D.L. McCormick
Wood Structures, J. Daniel Dolan
Seismic Behaviour, Design and Retrofitting of Masonry, Richard E. Klingner
Base Isolation, Yeong-Bin Yang, Kuo-Chun Chang and Jong-Dar Yau
Bridges, Lian Duan and W.F. Chen
Structural Control, Hirokazu Iemura and Mulyo Harris Pradono
Equipment and Systems, Gayle S. Johnson
Seismic Vulnerabilify, Keith Porter

PART 4: INFRASTRUCTURE ASPECTS
Lifeline Seismic Risk, Ronald T. Eguchi
Buried Pipelines, Michael J. O'Rourke
Water and Wastewater Systems, Don Ballantyne
Electrical Power Systems, Anshel J. Schiff
Dams and Appurtenant Facilities, Gilles J. Bureau
Ports Structures, Susumu Iai

PART 5: SPECIAL TOPICS
Human Impacts of Earthquakes, Hope A. Seligson and Kimberley I. Shoaf
Fire Following Earthquake, Charles Scawthorn
Hazardous Materials, Guna Selvaduray
Loss Estimation, Mahmoud Khater, Charles Scawthorn and James J. Johnson
Insurance and Financial Risk Transfer, Charles Scawthorn, Howard Kunreuther and
Richard
Roth
Emergency Planning, Charles Scawthorn
Developing an Earthquake Mitigation Program, Charles Scawthorn