 http://bayimg.com/GAaBCaAdb

Marsal (1999) 

Marshall Tito's Spirit
The Ghost of Marshal Tito
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0227034/

Croatian language with English subtitles.

Marsal is a 1999 Croatian film directed by Vinko Bresan. It was Croatia's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

  Drazen Kuhn  ...  Stipan  
  Linda Begonja  ...  Slavica  
  Ilija Ivezic  ...  Marinko Cicin  
  Ivo Gregurevic  ...  Luka  
  Boris Buzancic  ...  Jakov  
  Ljubo Kapor  ...  Bura  
  Inge Apelt  ...  Mare  
  Bojan Navojec  ...  Miuko  
  Predrag 'Predjo' Vusovic  ...  Toni (as Predrag Vusevic)  
  Boris Svrtan  ...  Lijan Mulderic  
  Ksenija Pajic  ...  Danica Skulic  
  Vlatko Dulic  ...  Psihijatar  
  Ivica Vidovic  ...  Martin  
  Biserka Ipsa  ...  Irena  
  Galliano Pahor  ...  Doktor  

HISTORICAL CONTEXT FOR THE FILM

For over four decades, Josip Broz Tito shaped the Yugoslav communist state under his tight-fisted rule, as well as sowed the seeds for its eventual bloodstained collapse. Tito first embraced Bolshevism during the Russian Revolution of 1917, and upon returning to his native Croatia, he became an illegal Communist Party organizer, which landed him a six-year prison term. Despite his run-in with Yugoslav authorities, Tito persisted and became Secretary General of the Yugoslav Communist Party by 1937, adopting the moniker of 'Tito' as an alias.

However, his grip on power truly tightened, with the outbreak of hostilities of the Second World War, when he formed an all-Yugoslav Partisan force to counter Nazi Germany and its Fascist Croatian puppet government. As a result of the war and his reputation as a resistance leader, Tito was able to establish a provisional Communist-led government, whose control over Yugoslavia was cemented by support from the Allies. Despite demands by the Serbian people to restore the pre-war monarchy, Tito created a dictatorship, giving himself sole discretion over the country's affairs.
 
In the years immediately following the end of the war, many of Tito's policies drew harsh criticism from Joseph Stalin, and eventually Yugoslavia was expelled from the Cominform and threatened with Soviet invasion. At the urging of the United States, which was itself at the beginning of a Cold War with the USSR, Tito declared independence for Yugoslavia, laying the foundation for the Nonaligned Movement. Rejecting the centralized structure of traditional Communist governments, Tito pursued a number of reforms, including workers' self-management, liberal economic reforms, and decentralization of power.

To soothe the mutual antagonism between the Croatian and Serbian peoples, Tito married Jovanka Budisavljevic, a Serbian Partisan aide, in 1952, in a symbolic gesture. In addition, his government rigorously stamped out nationalist tendencies throughout the Yugoslav state. Unfortunately, Tito's other policies, particularly decentralization of the party and power, set the stage for the separatist and nationalist movements that would ultimately unravel the country in the years following his death in 1980. As a result, the man who was once feared while he ruled Yugoslavia with an iron fist became nostalgically revered in the face of the Balkan unrest.

ABOUT THE FILM

Marsal (The Ghost of Marshal Tito) is a satirical farce from 1999 that conjectures the effect of a return appearance by the former dictator. A critical and major box office success in its native Croatia, Marsal sets its sights on both the old hard-line Communists and the new breed of entrepreneur that has sprouted up with the fall of Communism. And though the resonance of the satire will be stronger for those with at least a broad understanding of Yugoslav history and politics, the Coen brothers-style humor can still be enjoyed by those not 'in the know'.

The story opens on a small island in Croatia. Despite the fall of the old Yugoslav state and the independence of Croatia, a number of old-timers staunchly hold fast to their Marxist ideals. During the funeral of one such 'old guard', a ceremony draped with the traditional red flags and party songs, the spirit of Marshal Tito is spotted briefly. Word of this miraculous sighting quickly reaches the mainland, and police officer Stipan Macula (Drazen Kuhn) is sent back to his hometown to investigate.
 
Sightings continue to pour in, which attract the party faithful from all over Croatia, who become the island's first tourists in five years. Sensing an opportunity to make some money, Luka, the town's mayor (Ivo Gregurevic) who is also an unabashed capitalist, rallies the townsfolk in creating a Marxist 'Disneyland', replete with daily parades, rallies, and sing-a-longs. The ultimate objective is to turn the island into a destination for all sorts of curiosity seekers, not only Tito followers, but also the party faithful of other nations, such as Chinese in search of the spirit of Mao Tse-tung (Think globally, act locally Luka declares while elaborating on his strategy).

Unfortunately, a local hard-line Communist curmudgeon named Marinko Cicin (Ilja Ivezic), sees the Tito sightings as an opportunity to restore the glory of the old Yugoslav state while deposing the town of the capitalist 'poison' of Luka and his followers. As a result, Stipan quickly finds himself in the middle of a brewing civil war, while trying to figure out whether or not the ghost of Marshal Tito is haunting the island, and if it is somehow connected to the mysterious comings-and-goings of a beautiful schoolteacher (Linda Begonia).
 
It's rather obvious that the island setting is a microcosm of both the 'new' Croatia, as well as the former Yugoslavia, and the effect of Tito's presence, which may or may not be real, is rather insightful in light of recent history in the Balkans. But in addition to the political commentary, director Vinko Bresan also has some fun with the audience by throwing his protagonist into a series of increasingly absurd situations and run-ins with a number of comic caricatures, including his dim-witted and stoner sidekicks. And in a testament to the global popularity of The X-Files, Stipan also receives assistance from a couple sent by the 'Bureau of National Security' to investigate the paranormal phenomenon. Their names? Agents Lijan Mulderic (Boris Svrtan) and Danica Skulic (Ksenija Pajic)!

The only problem with Marsal is that it might be a tad difficult to track down a screening of it, unless you live in Europe (where the film is available on video), your city has a Croatian cultural event (which is how I managed to catch it), or it shows up on the program at a local film festival. However, if it does show up in your neck of the woods, you'll certainly be rewarded for making the effort to catch this entertaining yet provocative farce.

Stipan is a policeman who comes to small Adriatic island off the Croatian coast in order to investigate reported strange phenomena that had frightened the whole population. At first, nobody wants to co-operate with him, but he finally finds that the island is being allegedly haunted by the ghost of Josip Broz Tito, Communist leader of former Yugoslavia. For Luka, the mayor, this is the opportunity to turn entire island into Tito-themed amusement park. Tito's WW2 veterans, on the other hand, don't believe in ghosts; for them, the apparition is actually Tito himself, who had returned in order to lead them into a new revolution which would restore Communism.

The Croatian answer to Whisky Galore!, this is a lovely little comedy set on an island where a dead Marshall from the Communist era seems to be haunting the locals.

The townsfolk on a small, dull Adriatic island are bored. There have been no tourists for years and their town lies in such a dilapidated state that the mayor, a fervent capitalist, has been able to buy up the local museum, hotel and general real estate at rock bottom prices. He has big plans.
 
The place has a touch of Coen brothers about it, being populated only with colourful eccentrics of varying ambitions for themselves and their little community. When the spirit of the dead communist Marshall Tito starts to wander it has the unexpected effect of bringing in a wave of elderly tourists nostalgic for communism. Life on the island becomes increasingly surreal a police officer from the mainland is sent to investigate.

A very funny and sweet little picture, with a curiously British feel to it, Marshal manages to remain amusing throughout, from the jaunty communist sequences through to the quietly developed romance.

As well as boasting a nicely thought-out story, the film also gives an interesting and lightly handled insight into life in the troubled but peaceful remains of the former Yugoslavian nation.

Complete with X-files parodies, ensemble cast of eccentrics several deliciously out-of-it pot-heads, as well as an appropriate score of local music this is easy-going and enjoyable fare.

Thankfully the resolution of the film is nicely judged ensuring that the film does not have to lose itself in a dull compromise and - like the Ealing comedies - would certainly withstand repeat viewing.

