



WinRAR v3.90 Final

Description

WinRAR is a 32-bit Windows version of RAR Archiver, an archiver and archive manager. RAR files can usually compress 
content by 8 percent to 15 percent more than ZIP files can. WinRAR's main features include strong general and 
multimedia compression, the ability to process non-RAR archive formats, ZIP compression and decompression,
support for long filenames, programmable self-extracting archives (SFX), repair of damaged archives, authenticity 
verification, embedded file comments, and encryption. Unicode is supported in archive filenames, allowing non-English 
filenames to be handled painlessly. You can manipulate the parameters of many archives at once and view a volume 
sequence as a single archive. WinRAR can convert other archive formats to RAR and search for specified text and files 
in archives.
    
Version 3.90 adds decompression support for AES-encrypted ZIP files, improved display information, more context-menu 
options, and a more secure method of deleting temporary files.
    
    
    # WinRAR is a powerful compression tool with many integrated 
    additional functions to help you organize your compressed 
    archives.
    
    # WinRAR puts you ahead of the crowd when it comes to 
    compression. By consistently creating smaller archives, WinRAR 
    is often faster than the competition. This will save you disc space, 
    transmission costs AND valuable working time as well.
    
    # WinRAR supports all popular compression formats (RAR, ZIP, 
    CAB, ARJ, LZH, ACE, TAR, GZip, UUE, ISO, BZIP2, Z and 7-Zip).
    
    # WinRAR is ideal for multimedia files. WinRAR automatically 
    recognizes and selects the best compression method. The special 
    compression algorithm compresses multimedia files, executables 
    and object libraries particularly well.
    
    # WinRAR allows you to split archives into separate volumes 
    easily, making it possible to save them on several disks for 
    example.
    
    # WinRAR is also ideal, if you are sending data through the web. 
    Its 128 bit password encryption and its authenticated signature 
    technology will give you the peace of mind you have been looking 
    for.
    
    # WinRAR licenses are valid for all available language and 
    platform versions. If you have purchased several licenses, you 
    can even mix versions to meet your own personal needs.


WinRAR benefits

   * Using WinRAR puts you ahead of the crowd when it comes to compression by consistently making smaller archives than the competition, saving disk space and transmission costs.
   * WinRAR provides complete support for RAR and ZIP archives and is able to unpack CAB, ARJ, LZH, TAR, GZ, ACE, UUE, BZ2, JAR, ISO, 7Z, Z archives.
   * WinRAR offers a graphic interactive interface utilizing mouse and menus as well as the command line interface.
   * When you purchase WinRAR license you are buying a license to the complete technology, no need to purchase add-ons to create self-extracting files, it's all included. One price, one payment, once.
   * You also receive the benefit of a life-time use of the WinRAR archiver. No upgrade fee to pay. When a new release is made, simply download and install, your license is valid for life.
   * WinRAR is easier to use than many other archivers with the inclusion of a special "Wizard" mode which allows instant access to the basic archiving functions through a simple question and answer procedure. This avoids confusion in the early stages of use.
   * WinRAR offers you the benefit of industry strength archive encryption using AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) with a key of 128 bits.
   * WinRAR supports files and archives up to 8,589 billion gigabytes in size. The number of archived files is, for all practical purposes, unlimited.
   * WinRAR offers the ability to create selfextracting and multivolume archives.
   * Recovery record and recovery volumes allow to reconstruct even physically damaged archives.
   * WinRAR features are constantly being developed to keep WinRAR ahead of the pack. 

Install

Unpack with any archiver 
Run setup exe to install program
copy files from crack folder to program DIR 
usually c:programsprogram name and replace files 
Then apply reg file

