File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Explode" is a song written by Portuguese-Canadian pop singer Nelly Furtado and Gerald Eaton for Furtado's second studio album Folklore (2003). It is produced by Eaton and was released in September 2004 as the fourth single from the album. The single was released in Canada but not the US. The song charted in the top 40 in Netherlands, Switzerland and Germany.

Furtado said the song "came from a poem I wrote called Teenage Waste. When you're a teenager, you want to try everything; you're like a little firecracker. Your wiser self is there, somewhere deep down, depending on how young or old your soul is. But it doesn’t always show itself. "Explode" is visceral; it's guttural. That's why part of the song uses terms from Capoeira, the Brazilian martial arts form. It touches on teenage experimentation and bliss and fun, but also on some violence and aggression."

The video for "Explode" was shot in the Central Technical School in Toronto, Ontario and directed by Bradley Clayford and Furtado herself.

It starts with the real Furtado walking into a room with her guitar singing in front of a microphone. It then shows the cartoon Furtado walking at school with her guitar case. At the chorus it has intercuts of the real Furtado and the cartoon version. The cartoon version is running to her tree house in the forest for the second verse while the real Furtado is singing. The cartoon then starts to write a song as the viewer gets an insight to the character's imagination and a legend of three monsters living in the forest. The cartoon Furtado runs into the forest where she sees the monsters and begins to dance with them. The cartoon Furtado is then seen back in the tree house, writing the song. The conclusion of the video shows the real Furtado singing behind the microphone while playing guitar then leaving the same room.

Folklore is the second album by portuguese-canadian pop singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado, released by DreamWorks Records in North America on 25 November 2003.

The album's title was influenced by Furtado's parents' immigration to Canada, "When I look at my old photo albums, I see pictures of their brand-new house, their shiny new car, their first experiences going to very North American-type places like Kmart. When you have that in your blood, you never really part with it—it becomes your own personal folklore." The album also displayed a diverse sound but with a more rock-oriented, acoustic approach. Furtado attributed the mellowness of the album to the fact that she was pregnant during most of its recording.

Folklore includes the single "Força" (meaning "carry on" or "strength" in Portuguese), which was written as the official anthem of the 2004 European Football Championship. Furtado performed the song at the championship's final in Lisbon, in July 2004. Other singles included the ballad "Try" and "Powerless (Say What You Want)", in which she embraces her Portuguese heritage; the song deals with "the idea that you can still feel like a minority inside, even if you don't look like one on the outside". Additional singles were released in certain territories; "Explode" in Canada and Europe, and "The Grass Is Green" in Germany.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

