We are maintaining our seeding focus on "The Sound of music 4.35GB DVD
torrent we recently posted, all the way to Christmas and beyond. Please join
us to give some kid in your own backyard a nicer christmas!"

English or French audio (appropriate bitrate for content) and subtitles
embedded in French or Spanish. This movie was made in 1960 (seventy years
ago) and belongs in the public domain by our own valued estimation of its
content (and at the outset for that matter).

This is a re-launch of this movie file, please join this seed if you were
one of the hundreds of downloaders in the initial days when we first uploaded
it a year ago. (Use the torrent re-check facility to addthe jpgs which are part
of this torrent update).

This movie is focused on what were referred to as the "monkey trials".
The question to be decided is whether it is legitimate in the sense of
the observance of law, and in addition, moral, indeed - to be preaching
alternatives to the biblical version of how creation unfolded on our
planet (at the outset in any event).

The theories being advanced are those in particular of Mr. Charles Darwin
who thought that man evolved from a lower order of species, that all
forms of life on earth evolve from other forms etc. Those that preach
the "big bang" theory suggest that all that is on earth came out of no
where, and indeed Darwin's suggestion that "the survival of the species"
came from the notion of "survival of the fittest" is just as speculative
in a moral sense as the former is scientifically.

St. Thomas Aquinas was a great thinker involved with the church while
active in the practice of philosophical argument and published his views
that are taught at most universities today in this area of continued
speculation and debate. He advances several important arguments to negate
any notion for a rightly thinking man to accept that something came from
nothing in what the world is today. after all, as the theory goes (David
Hume), if you take a hundred pieces of metal and throw them together
repeatedly, they will never collide in such manner as to form a precision
watch (in the form of an accurate timepiece) since that would be beyond
reason to expect. You would have to design the outcome and go about bringing
your results to fruition methodically in this respect. Those who teach the
"big bang" theory, therefore are simply those that choose to reject a notion
of a creator with nothing more than an obvious inanity fit for their needs
but is just as incredulous as anything you could imagine in the way of an
explanation for how we came to be, in a world with so much order and obvious
evidence of having been built to a design of a creative force as it were, no
matter what you understand it to be.

Then again those that seek to relate man to ape, are no doubt bringing about
as notion that if that is our roots, then perhaps we are entitled to return to
them in some way, in such a way as to perhaps pursue a parallel existence even
as we are made in human form and nothing more than that makes us a different
form of being. This to me is equally incredible to suggest although there is
some physical resemblance that is a bit of a stretch to take too far, let alone
suggesting that one form of being led to the other by some form of miracle. It
is idle speculation of a mind that seeks comfort in such ideas as they tend to
lower the playing field in our expectation of what makes man truly better than
that.

That all said, the movie is very much telling us that religion practices it own
form of repression, of cruelty of the inane that follow in a way that is blind
to the spirit of those that would preach the bible, as we are told in what the
movie is about. If religion is used to stifle the real spirit of what a loving
existence of right minded folks should be based on our own faculties to reason
(contemporary philosopher Walter Stace says that if you think that "god is
dead" and that you therefore don't have to be moral, then you aren't genuinely
civilized) then it isn't being practiced by certain folk in a way as to do
justice to what should have been intended when it was considered a reasonable
way to pursue the best possible aims. Is the alternative a rejection then of
religion, and if so, should we altogether negate all that would be sane to
think, by such flights of idle fantasy as is taught by "big bang" theorists?
Or Darwin's ideas in addition?

Id like to think that man will find that he can be a moral person by "looking
within" as is Immanuel Kant's teachings on the matter. And if so, he may stray
from religion and he mat reject "Darwinism" even more, while still being able
to call himself morally upright and correct in his dealings and aims in his
terrestrial walk among men.

I personally suggest that the measure of any society is its ability to treat
well those spirits that are sensitively and genuinely Christianly and in need
of right care to survive and flourish. The character played by Ms. Donna
Anderson in the movie is constantly being cruelly mistreated by a bigoted
mindset that fails to see the real reason you would want to preach anything
at all. It is to see that loving people get their due. As such I say that both
sides of this debate fail in the most fundamental test of what they exist for,
as is the message of this movie for us all.

Michael Rizzo Chessman
See my movie reviews at moviesbyrizzo.info