2007 Take My Blanket and Go [Digipak]    CD  Fullfill FCCD108 

Joe Purdy, a singer/songwriter from Arkansas, put in his time working at a loading dock and as a counselor at a private high school before his song "Wash Away" became synonymous with the 2004 season of ABC's Lost. Purdy left Arkansas for California in 2001, where he learned how to play the piano and began writing songs. He went on to record several homemade albums, breaking into the L.A. music scene with 2003's StompinGrounds. It was around this time that Purdy was contacted by J.J. Abrams, the executive producer of Lost, who asked Purdy to write a song for the show. Purdy, who at the time was visiting an island on a river in upstate New York, wrote "Wash Away," which went on to chart in the Top 25 on the iTunes country charts. The album that featured the song, Julie Blue, was released in 2004. Only Four Seasons followed it up two years later. ~ Margaret Reges,

1 San Jose    
2 Take My Blanket and Go    
3 Sinkin' Low    
4 Goldfish    
5 Good Days    
6 White Picket Fence    
7 Days of Old    
8 Wood Box    
9 You Should    
10 Brooklyn I'm Calling 

Nine album's in and Joe's songwriting and general feel hasn't lost a thing and if anything, has gained with each release. Putting aside the blip that was 'Canyon Joe', his eighth release, Joe's career has been hugely consistent with some of superior songwriting I've heard in years. His gut-wrenching howl on the more tense tracks is invigorating while his gentle but rough voice is moving while at the same time soothing and often in the case of Joe, tear-jerking. Tracks such as 'Good Days', one of the major highlights of an album that's full of them, are touching and deeply dark and it is possible that this is Joe's darkest ballad to date. The production of 'Take My Blanket And Go' has a more 'rusted' feel and a more bleaker feel. That's not to say that it's depressing, far from it. The opening 'San Jose' is a Purdy chant classic, while 'White Picket Fence' is Joe at his angriest. Through each of these songs, which I must say Joe enphasises less on lyrics and more on instrumentation (not to say the lyrics are excellent, because as ever they are), Joe gives some of his best vocal performances to go along with quite possibly his best set of songs. To a 4 year Joe Purdy fan, I am relieved he didn't make another 'Canyon Joe' as I felt it was quite a bland affair with few highlights. This is Joe Purdy back at his best and it's just about on a par with, if not slipping behind slightly, 'Paris In The Morning' and 'You Can Tell Georgia' for excellence. 

cd ripped by dBpoweramp

please seed
