Name: Glee
Season: 1
Episode: 7
Episode Name: Throwdown
Original Air Date on TV: October 14, 2009


Episode Plot
(Via: Wikipedia)

When cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester is named co-director of the McKinley High glee club, she divides the group in two, hoping to turn the students against director Will Schuester. Sue takes the minority students—Santana (Naya Rivera), Artie (Kevin McHale), Kurt (Chris Colfer), Tina (Jenna Ushkowitz), Mike (Harry Shum, Jr.), Mercedes (Amber Riley) and Matt (Dijon Talton)—for her group, leaving Will with only Finn (Cory Monteith), Rachel (Lea Michele), Quinn (Dianna Agron), Puck (Mark Salling) and Brittany (Heather Morris) in his group. Sue names her part of the club "Sue's Kids" and tries to convince them that Will is discriminating against the students by making them sing back-up. Will retaliates by failing all of Sue's cheerleaders in Spanish, which only exacerbates their hostilities.

Finn and Quinn attend an ultrasound and learn that Quinn is expecting a girl. Finn, trying to be supportive, suggests they name the baby Drizzle, but Quinn is adamant she is having it adopted and annoyed at his lack of understanding. Will, tired of Terri's refusal to let him participate in the pregnancy, sets up an appointment with Terri's OB/GYN so he can see their own baby on the ultrasound. With the help of her sister Kendra (Jennifer Aspen), Terri blackmails her doctor into faking the sonogram using Quinn's ultrasound DVD, in order to continue hiding the fact she isn't really pregnant.

School reporter Jacob Ben Israel (Josh Sussman) uncovers news of Quinn's pregnancy. To protect Finn and ensure Jacob will not release the story, Rachel agrees to give him her underwear. When the glee club stage a walk-out in protest against Sue and Will's constant arguing, the two make amends and Sue steps down as co-director. She reveals, however, that she has made Jacob run the story about Quinn's pregnancy and that the whole school will soon know. Quinn breaks down in tears in the hallway. The episode ends with the club supporting her by singing "Keep Holding On" by Avril Lavigne.

I Will Be Uploading All Glee Episodes As Single Files Then All Together (:
I Will Also Be Uploading All Albums To Each Season (:

Enjoy (: & Please Seed 

Thanks

- [Np]
