Artist: Hypohektika
Album: Suddenly
Label: Power House Records
Url: http://www.geomagnetic.tv/labels/PowerHouse/PWRCD002-Hypohektika-Suddenly
Genre: Psychedelic
Style: Tech, Deep, Progressive, Psytrance
Store.Date: 01.15.2010 
Rls.Date: 01.18.2010
Catalogue: PWRCD002
Source: CDDA 
Encoder: Lame 3.97 
Bitrate: VBRkbps/44.1Khz 
Mode: Joint-Stereo 
Cue: Yes 
Tracks: 01 
Playtime: 73:51 min 
Size: 106,1 MB 

Release Notes:

Deep progressive Beats and Basslines, Dark Riffs and hooks, clicking percussion, and deep spheres. German Electronic music artist Hypohektikas new release Suddenly. Is preceding his second release 'The Devils Microwave EP'. Once again deep bass lines clash together with tripping sounds and broad atmospheres. To create an amazing sound scape of poetically woven together beats and melodies to create a deep experience for all international listeners. This hypnotic progressive masterpiece hits on all the best elements of EDM to create something soothing yet dissonant, edgy but smooth. Compact and compressed full of pressure yet floating and expansive and open. Electro, Techno, Minimal, Progressive House, Psychedelic Trance and Gothic Euro Pop all come together into this perfect expression for both the dance floor and the home or car or ipod listening. For years Hypohektika has remained a secret of the German festival scene but now he brings his hot new album to the international ears of the world with a full power blazing release packed with life and energy and flavour! Thomas F. is a 26 years old new artist of the northern Germany Psytrance scene. He is living near the city of Hamburg directly at the Baltic sea. In the late nineties he produces techno sounds and came about detours to psychedelic trance. After some years of experimentation he find to his actually sound, between deep and dark progressive and digital technology morning trance. His trademark is the bent to experimental minimalistic sounds paired with a trace of hard squeezing bass drums. After his second release 'The Devils Microwave EP' which comes along with 4 gloomy minimal progressive trance tracks. One more time deep bass lines clash together with tripping sounds and broad atmospheres.

Tracklist:

01. Hypohektika - Suddenly 
02. Hypohektika - Semitdoog 
03. Hypohektika - FX Schredd Tuned 
04. Hypohektika - Chicken Teriyaki 
05. Hypohektika - Tarentum 
06. Hypohektika - Exotic Tribb (2009 Mix) 
07. Hypohektika - Killing Minds (2009 Mix) 
08. Hypohektika - Easterwalk 
09. Hypohektika - 1996 

