Physics, Metaphysics & 2012

Date: 11-10-10
Host: George Noory
Guests: Mike Bara, Charles Goyette

Former Boeing aerospace engineer Mike Bara discussed the physics behind metaphysics, and how we are approaching a pivotal point of change in world energies and intent. We are in the midst of an apocalypse, but it's not the end of the world; it's a time where things are being revealed that weren't known before, and this creates instability, he said. "The apocalypse is not something that happens to you, it's something that you actively play a role in participating in and choosing the outcome of," he added.

Bara critiqued The Secret and its idea of the Law of Attraction. The physics behind this is faulty, and choice is actually more powerful than attraction, he argued. If we focus on choosing not just for ourselves, but for others and our community, this will help create a better outcome for the tumultuous 2012 era that we're in, he said. Bara cited the importance of hyperdimensional physics, which suggests that everything in the universe is connected to a higher spatial dimension. The ancient Mayans intuitively understood the importance of the alignment with the center of the galaxy in 2012, he noted, adding that such alignments are a key factor in hyperdimensional physics.

Bara also touched on the Exploded Planet Hypothesis, Hopi prophecy, and fallacies in the theory of dark matter. There will be an eclipse over North America on December 21, 2010, exactly two years before the end of the Mayan calendar, and he suggested this would be a good date to stage a global prayer/meditation like the Harmonic Convergence. Bara will be one of the speakers on a 7-day cruise in March to the Mexican Riviera, Cruise Into 2012—Surfing the 9th Wave.

Economy Analysis
First hour guest, finance expert Charles Goyette spoke about the state of the economy. He was critical of the Federal Reserve's recent plan called 'Quantitative Easing II,' in which they will buy $900 billion in US treasury bonds. "Effectively, it's going to be a wealth transfer to Wall St. from the pockets of the American people" that will further devaluate the dollar, he lamented.