Plot:

General Al-Rawi (Yigal Naor), in hiding in Baghdad, is meeting with his aides talking about the invasion of Iraq. Many of his aides propose fighting other Iraqi forces and American forces, however Al-Rawi suggests that they remain where they are and wait until the Americans arrive and perhaps make the Iraqi army an offer to join their forces (the earlier arrival of Al-Rawi, senior in the Iraqi government, is noticed by an an Iraqi we will come to know as Freddie).

Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller (Matt Damon) and his squad investigate a warehouse, believed to be holding Weapons of Mass Destruction. After encounters with a sniper and scanning the warehouse for radioactive activity, they find that the warehouse is empty, with the exception of an old piece of mechanical equipment. After regrouping with his squad, Roy Miller starts to question the intel given to him. At a debriefing, Miller brings up the point that the majority of the intel given to him is inaccurate and anonymous, stating that on his last three attempts to find WMDs, his team had come up with nothing. High-ranking officials quickly debunk Miller's theory about the intelligence being false.

Meanwhile, Clark Poundstone (Greg Kinnear) is welcoming Ahmed Zubadi (Raad Rawi) an Iraqi politician at Saddam International Airport, where he is interrogated by journalist Lawrie Dayne (Amy Ryan). She asks if she could speak to "Magellan", to which Poundstone says that he is heavily "locked up".

After the debriefing, Miller meets Martin Brown (Brendan Gleeson), an employee of the CIA, who tells Miller that the next place he is going to investigate for WMDs is also empty, as a team had already searched there months ago. Brown suggests that the intelligence he is being given is part of a cover-up.

Whilst investigating another site, a playground where WMDs are thought to be buried, Miller is approached by the Iraqi seen earlier, who calls himself "Freddie" (Khalid Abdalla), who tells Miller that he saw Al-Rawi at the meeting in a nearby house. Miller and his men swiftly go to the house but Al-Rawi narrowly escapes but they take one of his henchmen into custody. This man Seyyed Hamza (Said Faraj) happens to have a book containing the addresses of Al-Rawi's safehouses, but before Miller can extract any more information the man is taken by Special Forces, sent by Poundstone.
Miller goes to Brown's hotel to give him the notebook and tell him of what took place, and then Brown tells Miller to go and retrieve the man taken by the Special Forces and offer him $1 million dollars in exchange for co-operation. Before leaving, he is approached by Wall Street Journal correspondent Lawrie Dayne, who hands him her card if Miller should wish to disclose any information later on. When he gets to the prison where the informant is held, the man is in desperate need of medical attention due to interrogation, and after Miller suspects that Al-Rawi might be Magellan, the man responds with the word "Jordan" after Miller asks him about Al-Rawi's whereabouts in the run up to the invasion. With Brown's help, Miller's suspicions are confirmed and it is discovered that Al-Rawi met with Poundstone in February in Jordan as Poundstone's inside man.

Miller then goes in pursuit of Al-Rawi, and, having been kidnapped by Al-Rawi's men, Al-Rawi tells him that he told Poundstone there had been no WMD programme since the First Gulf War, and we learn that Poundstone lied to his superiors in Washington - so that Iraq would be invaded anyway. General Al-Rawi then flees as the Iraqi Army is disbanded by the CPA and Special Forces learn of his location and, in their helicopters track to try to kill him. Back with Miller, he kills his captors and races to capture Al Rawi before the Special Forces get him. Meantime Freddie is shadowing Miller who does catch Al-Rawi, after shooting dead a high ranking terrorist working with Al-Rawi, al-Malik, who had just killed Major Briggs, the leader of the special forces team, and says to him that if he surrenders he will take him back to Brown. At this point Freddie appears and shoots Al-Rawi to death, saying it's not Miller's choice.

At a meeting the next day where the Iraqi denominations are trying to broker a deal, Miller confronts Poundstone with what he found out and gives him a strongly-worded report of how the whole invasion was based on a lie. Poundstone denies any knowledge of meeting Al-Rawi or lying about the existence of WMDs but instead tells Miller "We're not stopping", in reference to America's push for democracy in Iraq. Miller violently grabs Poundstone but the encounter is split up by security guards. Poundstone then rejoins the Iraqi meeting, only to the Iraqi leaders yelling at each other and leaving the meeting.

Later in his hotel room, Miller writes a report on everything that happened.
Afterwards, Miller e-mails his report to Dayne, as well as many major news corporations and newspapers in the western world to expose the scandal. The camera then pans out to show Miller driving off on a Iraqi highway, with the Iraqi oil fields in the background.


File Size..................... 398MB

Format........................ Matroska (MKV)

Frame Width................... 704

Frame Height.................. 288

Running Time.................. 1:45:25



Screenshots:

 
http://bayimg.com/BaLjaaacG
 
http://bayimg.com/BalJDAAcG



Enjoy watching! Hit the comment if you like my post.













