Sari Abboud (in Arabic ساري عبّود) (born December 10, 1980 in Beirut, Lebanon) better known by his stage name Massari (in Arabic مساري) is Lebanese Canadian R&B, pop, and hip hop singer who grew up in Canada. Massari is Levantine-Arabic and Lebanese dialect slang for the word "money" (in Arabic مصاري)

He started his musical career in 2002, and has released two albums, Massari in 2006 and Forever Massari in 2009. He has had a number of hit singles in Canada, the Middle East and internationally


Massari and his family moved to Montreal, Quebec when he was 10 years old. At 13, he moved to Stittsville, a suburb of Ottawa, Ontario with his younger brothers Sami and Samer. In 2002, Massari released a demo for "Spitfire" that received good airplay on local radio.

Based on his initial success, Massari signed a record deal with independent record label, Capital Prophets (CP) Records Inc. becoming the prominent successful performing artist for the record company alongside Belly.

After three years of preparation, he released a self-titled album Massari on CP Records. His debut album resulted in four singles, receiving Gold certification in Canada, and he went on to have international success including in Europe, Asia, the Middle East and in his home country Lebanon. The relationship between Massari and CP Records continued until November 2007.

On 14th Nov. 2007, Massari and the record label, CP Records came to a mutual agreement to dissolve their relationship due to contractual and financial disputes.

On 12 June 2008, Massari signed a new contract with Universal Records who had been keeping an eye on Massari's progress as a singer. While the album was in preparation, Massari released two singles, "Say You Love Me" and "In Love Again". "Say You Love Me" was a hit on radio stations worldwide, and on May 16, 2008 it was performed in Lebanon on Star Academy Arab World. Neither was included in the new album.

During 2009, he also released two tracks from the forthcoming album, namely "Bad Girl" and "Body Body". The album itself Forever Massari was officially released on Universal Records Canada on 10 November 2009. It included well-known writers and producers like Rupert Gayle, Alex Greggs, Derek Brin, Rob Wells and Justin Forsley.



All sounding like push it by salt n pepa
