Bulldog Breed - Made In England (1970 British Psychedelic Pop)
CD (2002) To Mp3 320 Kbit/s.
Included CD Covers & This Info.

Product Description:
Description Long established as one of the minor classics of the British psychedelic pop genre, the Bulldog Breed album 'Made In England' was recorded in mid-1969 but not released by Deram Nova until the beginning of the following year - by which time its thrilling Spirit-of- 67 mod/psych sound and commitment to hook-laden, sub-three minute songs was fatally out of sync with the self-indulgence and bombast of the nascent progressive rock era. Taken from the original master tapes, this 2009 retooling adds both sides of the group s equally essential pre-album single, Portcullis Gate b/w Halo In My Hair . With new band quotes, rare photos and, for the first time, the full lowdown on Bulldog Breed s convoluted story including how vice queen Janie Jones came to make a cameo appearance on standout track Austin Osmanspare this is the definitive reissue of a much-loved, highly collectable psychedelic pop album.

Biography	by Richie Unterberger
Bulldog Breed were an obscure late-'60s British psychedelic band who put out one album of typical but unremarkable music in the style, though it was versatile in its approach, spreading across pop-psychedelia, more mod-ish, guitar-driven tracks, a bit of blues-rock, story-songs, and a jazzy piece. Prior to being in Bulldog Breed, drummer Louis Farrell had been in Gun, and some members had played with another obscure British '60s group, Please. After Bulldog Breed, some of them ended up in the similarly little-known outfits T2 and Asgard. 

Review	by Richie Unterberger
Bulldog Breed's mighty obscure album -- the only one they put out -- is face-in-the-crowd late-'60s British psychedelia, neither memorable nor annoying. It's a bit of a club sandwich of period U.K. psych approaches, from the assertive mod guitar chording of "Paper Man" and testosterone-driven bluesy rock to clomp-a-clomp singsong vignettes of everyday English life ("Eileen's Haberdashery Store") and bittersweet harpsichord balladry ("Dougal"). Several cuts have an almost definitively clichéd late-'60s British wah-wah psych pop guitar, and the filtered-fishbowled texture of the vocal on "Austin Osmanspare" is likewise the kind of sound you rarely heard on record in any other years. "Friday Hill," the best song, is fairly nice sad meditative U.K. pop-psych, and "You" is an unexpected shift into an almost cocktail-jazzy breeze. In all, though, the album's appeal is limited to fervid collectors of '60s psychedelia. 

Tracklist:
01. Paper Man
02. Broomstick Ride
03. I Flew
04. Eileen´s Haberdashery Store
05. Folder Men
06. Dougal
07. When The Sun Stands Still
08. Reborn
09. Friday Hill
10. Silver
11. You
12. Top Of The Pops Cock?!?!
13. Revenge
14. Austin Osmanspare
[Bonus Tracks on the 16 Tracked CD] (Note: 256 Kbit/s)
15. Halo In My Chair
16. Porticullis Gate

Lineup:
Keith Cross - Vocals, Guitar
Bernhard Jinks - Bass
Peter Dunton - Drums
Rod Harrison - Guitar
Rob Hunt - Flute, Vocals
Luis Farrell - Drums