The BLACK LAND musical idea was born in 2001 under the previous name of WIZARD (which is kept until 2005), with willer Donadoni(guitarn voice), nicola “CYNAR” Rossi(drum) and carlo Gagliardi (bass). Each one of them came from different musical bands playing other standards (HOPLESS, DIRTY POWER GAME, SAMA). The band is turned to exeperiments at the beginning: sounds of stoner and rock music are fused with the typical reflexive mysticism of doom, and its by those atmospheres that songs take their origin, by the extemporization and the convergency of each own personal background. Exibitions are first characterized by a long and confused repertory, most of them took place in squats, occuped spaces and others underground spheres in Rome and in the rest of Italy (without producing any record or demo). 

The band goes on with its works of composing until it reaches a certain stylistic coherence, from which in 2005 the recording of its first full-length: EVIL OF MANKIND. During that period of work all members follow different projects in the mean time (suck as the GRIMNESS, DPG, DOOMRAISER), which are characterized by differents styles but united in the same dispositions flowintogether. Nowadays, in 2006, the idea is evolving into the uninterrupted research of its own personal style of creating. Carlo bassist leaves the band in March 2007. The band stops for few months and in 2007, enters Daniale “Pinna” Amatori already drummer doomsters DOOMRAISER. With the new formation the band launch a new style sounds likely looking at space-rock. In 2008, the band will live a frequent activity and decide to go in the studio to record their first album with the new training and with Manuele(CATENA)Frau. The band is now in the studio to finish recording. The new album will be ready in 2009. TRIPS UND TRAUME RECORDS ANNOUNCE: Black Land / Kill The Easter Rabbit Split 10" EP will be OUT SOON!Limited 10 inches will come in 300 copies, 100 on gold coloured vinyl, 200 on black.

Current Lineup
Willer Donadoni - guitar,vocals
Nicola “CYNAR” Rossi - drums
Carlo Gagliardi - bass
Catena - guitar

Genre = Stoner Metal / Doom / Rock
Format = mp3
Bitrate = 320 kbps

Track Listing
01. Psych no.1
02. Black wizard
03. Life and death
04. Drowning deeply
05. R'n'R gate
06. Holy weed of the cosmos
07. From the black to the rainbow
08. Victims of the cast