Please Seed and Upload to dummyaccounts the jews keep taking it down.
Iconoclast Radio: Holder of The Heavy Weight Championship Belt of Radio http://www.talkshoe.com/tc/80448
There is a dangerous MK Ultra mentally ill Con Artist in the Common Law Community. He goes by Evstratios C. Moraites, aka Stratton C. Moraites, aka Lenny Bruce, aka KeepTruthFree, aka Pig Pen “from Charlie Brown” is a mentally ill person that is telling people he’s a holy christian. Then gains numerous people’s confidence then hacks their computers, getting into their personal accounts and sending messages to people, Destroying years of their data or holding it hostage to use on them. He was once with a group called “The World Freeman Society”. When they figure out what he was about they tried to get rid of him. He told them that he had recordings of their private meetings that he would go public with if they let him go. He is so crazy they let him go anyway.
He also would tell people he would help them with computer issues, then make their computers crash. He also has been on the net with what looks to be a 38 Special, Cocking a shotgun then saying he’s going to do violence to his political enemies.”we’re talking government people”!.
Witness accounts of visitors to his home say he has an Ak-47 just laying on his floor, and some kind of under the counter gun holder. He also records calls of people and tries to re-edit them, or not to get people in trouble, but the only person that ever says anything stupid is Evstratios C. Moraites.
There are too many victims of his internet predator crimes to name. All of his victims did not know each other until there were so many victims that they started sharing there stories of abuse.
He is a self confessed woman beater, ex-con and is supposed to be taking psychiatric drugs which I think he is not taking from his actions.
Being a mentally  ill person he is not supposed to have firearms, but he does.
He keeps such a filthy smelly apartment that the complex has tried to evict him. 
He tried to make me a victim of his crimes , but I caught on and played stupid so I could draw him out then did a Radio Show Exposing his crimes, but of course Cult members have thick skulls. Some Victims of his crimes have been , Christie of Truth brigade radio, Don perry, Evren Welshon “Quest”, & Brendan O’Connell of Australia. It would be in the truth movement best interest to shine as much light on this roach as possible.







www.iconoclastradio.com New world order , Conspiracy , politics , cover-up , Government , crime , alex jones , david icke , Jordan maxwell , Russell Pine , Tisarion , Bill clinton , Hillary Clinton , Obama , Republicans , Democrats , Zionist jews , cults , mind Control , brainwashing,truth , facts , documentary , killers , murders , death , muslims , Christians , mormons , scientology , CULTS , self help , tutorials , information , terrorist , scams , exposed , Alex jones sucks, Alex Jones Exposed , Alex Jones Can not be trusted , Shill , Mae Brussel , Mark Lombardi , Hawaii , Nebuchadrezzar , Nebuchadnezzar , Scott Scurlock , awake , Joe Rogan , Anthony J. hilder, jack blood, alan watt , joyce riley , 911 , 9/11 , 666 , babylon , Babylonian , annunaki , UFO, Africa , Aliens , reptilian , Jeff Rense , royalty , bloodlines , elite , Vaccines , global warming , depopulation , organs , Medical , Doctors , Hiv , AIDS , biological , chemical , jonestown , heavens gate , Moon hoax , Truth , economy , liberation , Ted Pike , Activist , teacher , education, university , carribean , south america , africa , china , jamaica , Kingston , Grand Cayman , Cayman Brac , Little Cayman , Puerto Rico , San Juan , 2 pac , media , news , report , Eric Hufschmid , Pro Think , hollywood , propaganda , work , revolution , Simon Bolivar , Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , Venezuela , Peter Kawaja , National Geographic , results , responsibilty , ron paul , Myran Fagan , edward G. griffin , illuminati , Islam , mohammad , baphomet , hip hop , Haiti , Port-au-Prince , Haitian , Haitian Revolution , rap , heavy metal , country music , jesus , Black pope , Vatican , political , cancer cures , John Coleman , Bill gates , India , Revolution , Mike Delaney , Psychological Warfare , argentina , Chile , Panama , Lies , Judaism , Isreal , Isreali , Racist , Racism , Breed , Trust , Palistine , Collins Brothers , Texe Marrs , John Stadtmiller , Dominican , Dominican Republic , Santo Domingo Family Guy , Gaza , Check Point , Jerusalem , Nuke , Michael Collins Piper , Iran , Michael A Hoffman , Fedor Emelianenko , Daryl Bradford Smith , Nuclear , Mossad , Hack , Hacker , Core Of Corruption , O'connell , Dr. Toben , Ernst Zundell , Mexico , Guatemala , Cuba , Havana , David Irving got his butt cheeks rawed without KY by the Zionist now he has Changed his tune ,Phil Valentine, Marcus Kline, Bobby Seal, Steve Cokely, weak genes , don't breed with weak gene's , Nazi , Shin Bet , APAC , JDL, ADL , astrology , Evolution , untold , Black , Muslim , Bankers , Canada , NOI , Nation Of Islam, Cult , Slavery , Slave , Labor camp , Hugo Chavez , wiccan , Cult , Narly , Universal Heath care , Socialist , Communist , Democrat , Republican , All , Sucks big Dick , Ecuador , Brazil , Morocco , Algeria , Niger , Chad , Rwanda , Cameroon , Nigeria , Sudan , Uganda , Yemen , Jordan , Egypt , Libya , Saudi Arabia , Japan , China , India , Malaysia ,Denise Riness, Time for Civilization Engineering. 