Torrent Information - Review Lecture Session 3 - Math.zip
Torrent managed and seeded by Erasariel

Technical Information

Found in:

The Pirate Bay (http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5582663)


Trackers: 6

**please take note that the seeder may not be active at all times**
-------------------------

Contents:

Name							Size

Information.txt						1.65 KB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 1.wav		8.11 MB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 2.wav		8.89 MB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 3.wav		2.34 MB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 4.wav		3.00 MB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 5.wav		6.89 MB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 6.wav		3.60 MB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 7.wav		5.73 MB
Review Lecture Session 3 - Math - Part 8.wav		10.9 MB
                                                       ---------
                                                        49.5 MB

Content Synopsis:

This is a series of eight recordings of the Mathematics review session hosted by Ms. Yna in Ofelia Orate Review Center, Quezon City, Philippines, on the 20th of May, 2010. This review covers a wide range of topics from combined operations to the quadratic formula; however, the recording here is somewhat subpar and the teacher's voice might not stand out as well as it did last time. Be warned that Part 3 (duration 05:07) is a fragment; the power on the recorder ran out in the middle of the recording and we lost around 15-20 minutes of recording time. 

I'm very sorry for that. Also, you will notice that there is imperfect starting in some of the files; once again, I'm sorry. I will try to make it up to you guys by putting up a transcript of the notes I took, and some of the exercises as well, if possible.

Please do take note that this lecture is in Filipino, mostly. There *are* parts in which the lecture is in English, but I strongly recommend having a good understanding of the language before attempting to download. No, there are no alternate soundtracks.

Before anyone asks, these recordings have been executed with permission from both the authorities and the teacher. This is an original recording and has not been "ripped" from any source. You may seed and help distribute this file, but please do not use this for any purpose other than academic (and especially not commercial).


Enjoy the download!

Erasariel