
Fractal Time 4-CD: The Secret of 2012 and a New World Age Summary:
 
By Gregg Braden

    * Publisher:   Hay House
    * Number Of Pages:  
    * Publication Date:   2009-03-15
    * ISBN-10 / ASIN:   1401920667
    * ISBN-13 / EAN:   9781401920661


Product Description:

In this fascinating CD set, Gregg Braden merges the modern discoveries of nature’s patterns (fractals) with the ancient view of a cyclic universe. The result is a powerful model of time—fractal time—and a realistic window into what we can expect for the mysterious year 2012 . . . and beyond.

Applying fractal time to the history of the world and life, he proposes that everything from the war and peace between nations to the patterns of human relationships mirror the returning cycles of our past. As each cycle repeats, it carries a more powerful, amplified version of itself.

The key: If you know where to look in the past, you know what to expect when the same conditions return in the present and future. For the first time in print, the Time Code Calculator gives us the tool to do just that! Through easy-to-understand science and step-by-step instructions, discover for yourself:

·     How the conditions for 2012 have occurred in the past, and what we can expect when they repeat!

·     The “hot dates” that hold the greatest threats of war, and the greatest opportunities for peace!

·     How Earth’s location in space triggers cycles of spiritual growth for humans!

·     Your personal time codes for the key events of business, relationships, and change in your life!

·     How each cycle carries a window of opportunity—a choice point—that allows us to select a new outcome for the returning pattern!

·     What the 1999 ice cores from Antarctica reveal about past cycles of climate, global warming, Earth’s protective magnetic fields, and what these things mean for us today!

      In a powerful yet comprehensible style, Gregg gives us a way to make sense of the rapid, and often dramatic, change of today’s world. It is these understandings that guide us away from the destructive choices we’ve made in the past. They also show the way to the greatest possibilities of our lives. Gregg suggests that if we can see time from this perspective, the past reveals the great secret of our moment in history and what we can expect as we approach December 21, 2012!