Cirque Du Soleil - Alegria (2005) [LOSSLESS FLAC][Tntvillage.Scambioetico]



Cirque Du Soleil - Alegria


by RDaneel








[::Album Information::]

Title: Alegria
Years: 2005
Genre:
Production: Cirque Du Soleil Musique



[::Tracklist::]


1. Alegría - 5:49
2. Vai Vedrai - 4:33
3. Kalandéro - 5:16
4. Querer - 4:34
5. Irna - 4:46
6. Taruka - 5:32
7. Jeux d'enfants - 4:40
8. Mirko - 5:03
9. Icare - 7:25
10. Ibis - 6:20
11. Valsapena - 4:06
12. Nocturne - 3:08



[::Review::]

Cirque du Soleil (French for "Circus of the Sun," in English), is a Canadian entertainment company, self-described as a "dramatic mix of circus arts and street entertainment." Based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and located in the inner-city area of Saint-Michel, it was founded in Baie-Saint-Paul in 1984 by two former street performers, Guy Laliberté and Daniel Gauthier. The company is the winner of the 1991 Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience.
Initially named Les Échassiers, they toured Quebec in 1980 as a performing troupe and encountered financial hardship that was relieved by a government grant in 1983 as part of the 450th anniversary celebrations of Jacques Cartier's discovery of Canada. Le Grand Tour du Cirque du Soleil was a success in 1984, and after securing a second year of funding, Laliberté hired Guy Caron from the National Circus School to re-create it as a "proper circus". No ring and no animals helped make Cirque du Soleil the contemporary circus ("cirque nouveau") that it is today.
Each show is a synthesis of circus styles from around the world, with its own central theme and storyline. They draw the audience into the performance through continuous live music, with performers rather than stagehands changing the props. After critical and financial successes (Los Angeles Arts Festival) and failures in the late 1980s, Nouvelle Expérience was created – with the direction of Franco Dragone – which not only made Cirque profitable by 1990, but allowed it to create new shows.
Cirque expanded rapidly through the 1990s and 2000s, going from one show to approximately 4,000 employees from over 40 countries producing 19 shows in over 271 cities on every continent except Africa and Antarctica, with an estimated annual revenue exceeding US$810 million. The multiple permanent Las Vegas shows alone play to more than 9,000 people a night, 5% of the city's visitors, adding to the 90 million people who have experienced Cirque worldwide. In 2000, Laliberté bought out Gauthier, and with 95% ownership, has continued to expand the brand. In 2008, under a partnership with investment groups Istithmar World and Nakheel of Dubai, which Cirque plans to build a residency show in the United Arab Emirates country by 2012, Laliberté split 20% of his share equally between the two groups to further finance the company's goals. Several more shows are in development around the world, along with a television deal, women's clothing line and the possible venture into other mediums such as spas, restaurants and nightclubs.
Cirque's creations have been awarded numerous prizes and distinctions, including Bambi, Rose d'Or, three Gemini Awards and four Primetime Emmy Awards.

Alegria

Alegría was a departure from the bright circus atmosphere seen previously in productions like Saltimbanco. Created for Cirque du Soleil's tenth anniversary, the concept for the show came to life over a dinner conversation between Franco Dragone, show Choreographer and Project & Image Manager Juan Isidro Matthew Casilla and Guy Laliberté. Dragone wanted this show to be dark and heavy. "At one point," Dragone said "I was with Guy Laliberté at a restaurant in one of the Las Vegas casinos, and I told him the next show would be sad, heavy, really hard: ' Alegría! Alegría! Alegría!' It's Spanish for 'Joy! Joy! Joy!' Where I come from, it's what you say when you're in pain. It means life goes on."
Costing more than $3 million to produce, the show's main theme is about the abuse of power and the subsequent struggle for freedom. Alegría makes use of darker lighting and music than previous Cirque productions. The stage and the props use gothic arches and harsh angular designs to attempt to invoke a feeling of oppressiveness.
Alegría has toured around the world, including a year in residence at the Beau Rivage resort in Biloxi, Mississippi. Francesca Gagnon, who played the most famous "The White Singer" character, has twice been invited to reprise the Alegría title song at the Montreal Jazz Festival. The music of Alegría has proven extremely popular and the show's soundtrack remains the best-selling Cirque du Soleil album to date.
After a 15 year long tour, Alegría retired on 5 April 2009, after its month-long engagement in Dubai. The show was later restaged, following the arena format of Delirium and Saltimbanco. Premiering in Halifax on 27 May 2009,Alegría started touring later that year for a new three-year North American tour.

Alegría's highly-acclaimed music was composed by René Dupéré, who had composed numerous scores for Cirque's previous productions including Saltimbanco and Mystère. The soundtrack's lead vocals are provided by opera-trained, French-Canadian singer Francesca Gagnon. Gagnon also features as 'The White Singer' (principal vocalist) in the Alegría DVD, with fellow French-Canadian Ève Montpetit supporting as 'The Black Singer'.
The Alegría CD soundtrack was released on September 27, and remains Cirque du Soleil's best-selling album to date, having sold more than 500,000 copies worldwide. The soundtrack was nominated for a Grammy Award and several Félix Awards in 1995, winning two of the latter - 'Producer of the Year' for Robbi Finkel and René Dupéré, and 'Sound Mixer of the Year' for Rob Heaney. Alegría was also ranked on the Billboard World Music Chart for 65 weeks.
Several version of the soundtrack have been available since its original release. In 2002, the soundtrack was re-released by Cirque du Soleil Musique Inc., with an additional two tracks titled 'Cerceaux' and 'Malioumba' (both featuring vocals by Francesca Gagnon) recorded from live shows during Alegría's 2001 season in Sydney. In 1995, a limited employee edition, 'Alegría - Live at Fairfax', was created for the artists and crew of the production. This special edition features the entire show on CD and is considered a collectors item.