Kamaal relised what he was doing and Raju also made him understand not to behave like the same and He relised finally or hunger made him relize.. hehehhe..

Today is the Nomination Day..

Rohit Nominated        :- Kamaal and Sherlyn
Baktyaar Nominated  :- Kamaal and Sherlyn
Aaditi Nominated       :- Kamaal and Sherlyn
Vindu Nominated       :- Poonam and Tanaaz
Claudia Nominated     :- Kamaal and Sherlyn
Tanaaz Nominated     :- Kamaal and Sherlyn
Ismail Nominated       :- Tanaaz and Baktyaar
Shamita Nominated    :- Kamaal and Sherlyn
Raju Nominated         :- Poonam and Baktyaar
Poonam Nominated    :- Kamaal and Ismail
Sherlyn Nominated     :- Tanaaz and Baktyaar
Kamaal Nominated     :- Poonam and Baktyaar


Kamaal Confessed to Claudia and ask her to pardon Him..

Big Boss announced 2 people who is nominated this Week .. Kamaal and Sherlyn... After the Announcement Kamaal looked Depressed..

Ismail appreciated Claudia and her Dress and asked where she bought from. .. Any how Kamaal looks very depressed and He showed his depression  by showing Sympathy for Sherlyn. and trying to protect her by his shymaapathy..

Vindu and Raju taking together and Taking about Kamaal how he trying to Over react and showing his stupidity in the show,,

Ismail teaching Song to Sushmita and asked her to sing like a baby and she was singing a song " Kya yahi pyaar hai " very sweetly.. aww She is really cute as well as her Sweet voice..

Tanaaz and Baktyaar had a Hubby wife discussion.. Again Tanaaz giving again Lesson to baktyaar how to behave with her wife..Tanaaz is behaving like stranger or trying to show is very educated or over confidence.

Big Boss gave a tast to members..  Big Boss gave Relax to Female not to do any House Work and everyone have to sing song in the garden area wearing a Red T=shirt whenever Big Boss rang a Alarm. Song is " ak Doosre se karte hai Pyaar him" and another tast is Everymember have to eat together at the Dinning area.

Awww they all looking so cute and singing song of Brotherhood right..

kamaal Showing overconfidence and I feel he is a Syco or frustrated.

Poor Sherlyn first time I seen her crying and taking like innocent in front of Poonam and claudia.

Raju is playing smart as he trying to do bitching of both side,,. ..

Lets see what happend next....

Aahaa.. Look Big Boss teaching Brotherhood trough his Show to House members and too us also..


This Time Voting lines are closed means No Elimination this Week. 