Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Evacuate the Dancefloor" is the lead single from Cascada's third studio album of the same name, Evacuate the Dancefloor (2009). The song was released in the United Kingdom on June 29, 2009 by All Around the World and debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart the week of July 5, 2009. The song has so far peaked at number two in Ireland.

The video was supposed to premiere on the evening of May 17, 2009 on the Clubland website, but this was postponed due to reported problems in the transportation of the film from Los Angeles to the UK. The video finally premiered the next day on May 18.

The video shows Horler singing in front of lights in a club surrounded by party goers. She then shows dancers on a dance floor with Horler singing in front of open doors and people dancing in the background. Calprit appears singing on some seats before the camera goes back to Horler and the dancers while occasionally showing Calprit singing the backing vocals. It finishes with Horler singing on a spinning set of seats surrounded by the dancers.

Music House described that the track builds on the Europop sound Cascada pioneered and is a playful, sexy pop stomper that brings R&B, slinky soul and rap to the group's table for the first time. The track is still a euphoric, arms-in-the-air dancefloor anthem, but this time, its moves are more sophisticated, its sonic tricks cleverer and vocalist Natalie Horler's vocals both more personal and powerful than ever." Digital Spy added that the song is "a bit different from the Eurodance throbathons of old. To our ears, 'Evacuate The Dancefloor' sounds like a mix of Lady GaGa, recent Britney and S Club 7's 'Don't Stop Movin'."

During an interview, lead singer Natalie Horler commented on the single saying, "We have definitely developed the Cascada sound." "With Evacuate The Dancefloor, we've taken all we learnt over the last few years and moved on. It's refreshing and fun. I love R 'n' B and I've always had a soulful voice, but I didn't have much opportunity to show that off. This song is more of a challenge for me to sing. I can't wait to take it to the clubs. People's jaws are going to hit the floor when they hear it."


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

