Slutty & Sluttier 11 (2010) Split Scenes 
 
http://www.imaxenes.com/imagen/barely_legal_it_barely_fits1df1851.jpg.html

Studio  Evil Angel 
Release Date  Mar 13, 2010 
Category  All Sex, Anal, Feature 
Director  Manuel Ferrara 
Starring  Shawna Lenee, Charley Chase, Francesca Le, Denis Marti, Mason Moore, Nat Turnher, Isis Taylor, Tarra White, Krissy Lynn, Carla Cox, Mick Blue, Manuel Ferrara, Mr. Pete 

In his "Slutty & Sluttier" series, director Manuel Ferrara puts A-level female talent into offbeat, truly sexy scenarios and captures the resulting fireworks with vivid camera work. Slutty & Sluttier 11 showcases top current beauties like ...    Full DescriptionTarra White, Isis Taylor and Charley Chase; the action includes an interracial orgy, plenty of stirring anal action and genuine sexual passion throughout.

Scene 1: Isis Taylor 

In a cameo as a madam who makes house calls, Francesca Le delivers lush-lipped, big-assed beauty Isis Taylor to client Manuel Ferrara. Isis looks delectable even when shes taking a deep-throat face-fuck, getting choked or having her hair pulled, but she looks best with her big ass bouncing as she rides Manuels big boner. Shes orgasmic and intense throughout. Helpful Francesca jerks a huge fountain of jism from his prick, rendering Isis face and hot, natural boobs acum-glazed mess. 

Scene 2: Mason Moore 

Colorfully tattooed, round-assed Mason Moore looks fine in high heels, fishnets and a pink corset that accentuates her deep cleavage, but shes especially hot when shes angry. She locks cheating boyfriend Mick Blue in a cage, where his buddy Denis Marti finds him. With Denis, Mason shows Mick firsthand what its like to be cheated on. The scene takes on a cuckold dynamic when the revenge-fuck arouses Mick, so nasty-mouthed Mason lets both studs ream her ass. Her butthole gapes and she sucks cock pulled freshly from her backdoor. 

Scene 3: Shawna Lenee 

Shawna Lenee substitutes for Manuel Ferraras karate instructor, but he cant take her seriously, so despite being half his size, the fresh-faced, blonde cutie bounces him around the karate studio. In the shower she soaps up her tiny waist and pretty butt, then returns to the mat naked to sit on the still-prone Manuels face. Now the workout gets serious, with 69, scrotum licking and pussy-to-mouth cock sucking. I love your cock, its so fuckin big for me, the playful babe blurts, and again she shows how well little girls can match up with big men. After an energetic fuck she swallows a big wad of his semen. 

Scene 4: Krissy Lynn, Carla Cox, Charley Chase 

Black stud Nat Turnher is being worshipped by two blonde babes, Krissy Lynn and Carla Cox, when horny Charley Chase shows up looking conservative in glasses and a pinstriped suit. Shell only get a chance with Nat if she looks hotter in fetishwear, and if she gives Mr. Pete a good fuck. Pete works her out with a cat o nine tails and a sloppy face fuck. Use my pussy, I wanna be a whore so bad, says the ambitious Charley, under her suit a breathtaking Latina with stunning, pierced natural boobs. A full-on orgy ensues; as Pete takes over with the blondes. Charley grinds her gash desperately on Nats meat and screams colorful epithets like, Claim my fucking pussy! Shes in dreamy reverie as Nat and Pete facial her, and the blondes lick her clean. 

Scene 5: Tarra White 

Tarra White is a high-cheeked, blonde beauty from Europe who looks especially tempting in a purple corset, black fishnets, and high-heeled boots. An extensive rooftop strip tease reveals big, pierced boobs and a comely ass. In a solo session, she fucks her butthole with toys and licks em clean, then winks and gapes that pretty anus. Her blue eyes make intense contact with the camera as her studded tongue licks Manuel Ferraras prick. Seemingly unconscious of the camera, they share real, breathless sex with serious mouth kissing, deep-throating, choking, slapping, and awesome, orgasmic ass fucking. 

