. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                The.Man.Who.Ate.Everything.2010.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.04.04
              Genre...........: Documentary

       Andrew Graham-Dixon presents a personal profile of the legendary 
       food writer Alan Davidson, one of the unsung heroes of the 
       culinary world.
       
       Davidson's greatest work, The Oxford Companion to Food, took him 
       20 years to write. It's an encyclopaedia of everything a human 
       being can eat, from aardvark to zucchini, all catalogued in 2,650 
       separate entries. But it is much more than just a food reference 
       book; it is a portrait of the whole human race, its many cultures, 
       customs and histories, all revealed through the stories of what we 
       eat. If you want to understand why the Genoese enjoy dolphin, how 
       to cook a warthog, why the French call dandelions 'piss-en-lit' or 
       who invented Spam, then 'The Companion', as it is known by 
       aficionados, is the place to look.
       
       Alan Davidson died in 2003, just four years after his magnum opus 
       was published. He had already achieved guru status among foodies 
       and professional chefs but, in fact, he became a writer almost by 
       accident. His first career had been as a British diplomat, serving 
       in various overseas offices. A visit by his wife to a Tunisian 
       fish market first piqued his interest in writing about seafood, 
       and a later posting to Laos convinced him to resign from the 
       Foreign Service and become a full-time writer.
       
       Through interviews with Davidson's colleagues, admirers, family 
       and friends, Graham-Dixon creates a portrait of a remarkable man 
       who not only compiled a unique record of humanity's eating habits, 
       but also helped turn the study of food into a serious academic 
       discipline by instigating an annual symposium at Oxford University 
       where visitors can learn about, amongst other things, the role of 
       vegetables in the conquest of space and how to make a musical 
       carrot.


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai