Director Alan Clarke's influential television drama Made in
Britain marked the screen debut of actor Tim Roth. Roth plays
Trevor, a skinhead with a swastika tattoo on his forehead who
lashes out verbally and sometimes physically at everything
that surrounds him. Cinematographer Chris Menges (who would
go on to win Oscars for his work on The Killing Fields and
The Mission), gets his camera right in Roth's snarling face,
as the film tracks Trevor's progress through the British
justice system. In the courtroom, charged with attacking a
Pakistani man and vandalizing his store, Trevor displays
absolutely no remorse as he matter-of-factly admits that he
knew the man would have to be hospitalized for his injuries.
Trevor's social worker, Harry (Eric Richard), recognizes
Trevor's intelligence, but he's running out of ways to
convince Trevor to straighten out his life. Harry takes him
to a juvenile detention center for "assessment," after which
he'll be sentenced. Trevor immediately dismisses Peter
(Bill Stewart), the put-upon supervisor of the center, as a
"wanker." He meets his black roommate, Errol (Terry Richards),
whom he quickly convinces to come out with him on a car-stealing,
glue-sniffing, job-center-vandalizing day trip. Brazenly returning
to the detention center in a stolen car, Trevor eventually
provokes Peter into locking him in a classroom, so a police
superintendent (Geoffrey Hutchings) can harangue him about the
hopeless path his life is taking. Trevor refuses to accept the
center's (and society's) standards for "good behavior," raging
that they all just want everyone to follow the rules and keep
their mouths shut. The script was written by David Leland (Wish
You Were Here) and the songs on the soundtrack are by the anarchist
hardcore band the Exploited.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084287/
 
http://leetleech.org/images/40445387500241185219.jpg 
http://leetleech.org/images/32900354318735354519.jpg 
http://leetleech.org/images/57281391810372765691.jpg