Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Atlantic City" is a song written and recorded by rock musician Bruce Springsteen, which first appeared on Springsteen's 1982 solo album Nebraska, considered to be one of Springsteen's dour albums in tone. It has since often been heard in a full band arrangement in concert.

A music video was produced for "Atlantic City", which received some play on MTV in the United States. This was a non-representational video, meaning Springsteen did not appear in it. The video featured stark, black and white images of the city, which had not yet undergone its later transformation, and was still rather bleak and depressing.

Springsteen writes in his Greatest Hits sleeve notes, he recorded the track in his bedroom, ".....for $1050 ( the cost of the 4 track Tascam recorder), mixed through an old Gibson guitar unit to a beat box...."

The song depicts a young couple's romantic escape to the New Jersey city Atlantic City, but also wrestles with the inevitability of death as the man in the relationship intends to take a job in organized crime once arriving in the city. The opening lines of "Atlantic City" refer to mafia violence in nearby Philadelphia, with Springsteen singing: "Well they blew up the chicken man in Philly last night, now they blew up his house too." (The "chicken man" was a mafia boss named Philip Testa, who was killed by a bomb planted at his house in Philadelphia in March 1981.) The song also evokes the widespread uncertainty regarding gambling during its early years in Atlantic City and its promises to resurrect the city. This uncertainty and the man's uncertainty about taking the less-than-savory job are echoed in the lyrics "Everything dies, baby, that's a fact, but maybe everything that dies someday comes back."

The song version is included on his 1995 Greatest Hits album and on the 2003 compilation The Essential Bruce Springsteen.

This was one of nine songs that was featured in an episode of the television series Cold Case and played during its climactic murder scene.

Although the song came out around the same time as the film of the same name, the two works are unrelated. Springsteen does, though, partially quote the film's Hare Krishna character Chrissie, who says, "Everything comes back" while discussing reincarnation.

My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/