Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Long May You Run is an album released in September 1976 by The Stills-Young Band, a collaboration between Stephen Stills and Neil Young. The album peaked at #26 on the Billboard 200, was certified gold in the U.S. by the RIAA and remains the sole studio release by The Stills-Young Band.

The Stills-Young Band recorded the album and began a tour in 1976 prior to the album's release but Young dropped out of the tour when he grew bored with the project, forcing Stills to complete the concert tour solo. The band was together from July through October 1976. Outside of Stills and Young, the other members of the group came from Stills' solo band.

The album stemmed from a desire by both Young and Stills to pick up where they left off with their Buffalo Springfield-era guitar explorations. After a while, David Crosby and Graham Nash became involved with the project, and Long May You Run briefly became a CSNY album. However, Crosby and Nash eventually departed the project to focus on the material for what would become the duo's 1976 album, Whistling Down the Wire, and Young and Stills would remove Crosby and Nash's vocal harmonies and other contributions from the master tapes.

The title track, the album's first single which peaked at #71 on the UK singles chart, was an elegy for Neil Young's first car, a 1948 Buick Roadmaster hearse. The single "Midnight on the Bay" bubbled under the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #105.

Delighted by the success of "Cinnamon Girl", Young released "Ocean Girl" which was more directly inspired by the experience he had cruising on David Crosby's yacht.

"Long May You Run" was performed by Neil Young on the final episode of The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien on January 22, 2010, and during the closing ceremonies for the Vancouver Olympics on February 28, 2010. Young performed with a harmonica and acoustic guitar.

Neil Percival Young, OC, OM (born November 12, 1945) is a Canadian singer-songwriter who is considered to be one of the most influential musicians of his generation. Young began performing as a solo artist in Canada in 1960, before moving to California in 1966, where he co-founded the band Buffalo Springfield along with Stephen Stills, and later joined Crosby, Stills & Nash as a fourth member in 1969. He then forged a successful and acclaimed solo career; releasing his first album in 1968; his career has since spanned over 40 years and 33 studio albums, with a continual exploration of musical styles. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame website describes Young as "one of rock and roll’s greatest songwriters and performers". He has been inducted into the Hall of Fame twice: first as a solo artist in 1995, and secondly as a member of Buffalo Springfield in 1997.

Young's work is characterized by his distinctive guitar work and signature falsetto/tenor singing voice. Although he accompanies himself on several different instruments, including piano and harmonica, his idiosyncratic electric and clawhammer acoustic guitar playing are the defining characteristics of a varyingly ragged and melodic sound. While Young has experimented with differing music styles, including swing and electronic music throughout a varied career, his best known work usually falls into two primary styles: acoustic folk and country rock, or amplified hard rock in collaboration with the band Crazy Horse. Young has also adopted elements from newer styles such as alternative rock and grunge. His influence on the latter caused some to dub him the "Godfather of Grunge".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/