Platform: Windows 95, 98, ME, NT4, 2000, XP, 2003, 2008, Vista and Windows 7. 

                               Both 32 & 64 bit.

Please seed (share) these programs. Most people (just like me when I started) don't know how to do this. It simply means that when the download is complete, don't press stop or close down your program. It will then be available to anyone who wants to download it from you. Thanks.

I have used Peer Guardian 2 for several years and found it invaluable. But recently I noticed the servers will no longer update, making it obsolete. I then looked for an alternative and found this software which is far more effective and informative. 

From any of the IP's listed you can easily identify the IP's owner, address, email, phone number etc. etc.

BeeThink IP Blocker will:-

1. Block unwelcome IP addresses. BeeThink IP Blocker easily blocks country IP addresses with  Apache's .htaccess file.

2. Real-Time network activities monitoring. BeeThink IP Blocker monitors each incoming and outgoing packet in Real-Time. It displays local address, remote address, and other information of each network traffic.

3. Looking up IP addresses. BeeThink IP Blocker looks up the remote IP addresses and ownership information.

4. Firewall protection. You can protect your computer by means of setting firewall rules. The rules are based on remote IP addresses, ports, protocols, and other factors.

5. Black list and white list. BeeThink IP Blocker controls the user's access to the Internet within particular areas by setting black list or white list.

6. Supporting 64-bit Windows Operating System, such as 64-bit Windows Server 2008, 64-bit Windows Vista, and 64-bit Windows 7.

7. Supporting many IP list formats, such as PeerGuardian IPfilter file, Emule IPfilter file, and Apache's .htaccess file.

8. Run BeeThink IP Blocker as a Windows service to save resources.

9. Removing IP address ranges from the current IP list.

check it out:-
 
http://www.beethink.com/