Peter Murphy 
2009-10-31, Aula Magna, Lisboa, Portugal [Aud Master] 

Source: Zoom H2>rear mics mid gain (wav 44.1/ 24 bits) 

Recorded by Ziggy 

Setlist: 

01 Burning From The Inside 
02 Velocity Bird 
03 Peace To Each 
04 Disappearing 
05 I'll Fall With Your Knife 
06 The Bogus Man/In Every Dream Home a Heartache (Roxy Music) 
07 Marlene Dietrich's Favorite Poem 
08 Time Has Got Nothing To Do With It 
09 Secret Silk Society 
10 Too Much 21st Century 
11 Secret 
12 The Prince And Old Lady Shade 
13 Uneven And Brittle 
encore 
14 Strange Kind Of Love / Bela 
15 She's In Parties 
16 Gliding Like a Whale 
encore 
17 Cuts you Up 
encore 
18 Transmission (Joy Division) 
19 Space Oddity (David Bowie) 

Peter Murphy - Vocals, guitar
John Andrews - guitar, vocals
Jeff Shartoff - bass, vocals 
Mark Gemini Thwaite - guitar, vocals
Nick Troy Lucero - drums

This is a nice venue for concerts but i always had trouble recording here. 
Only with this recorder i was able to pull a recording like i wish i did in other concerts 
at the same venue. I like it. 
The concert was a blast because it was weird, intense, magic, intimist. Peter talked a lot because things between songs were not working inside the band. Leading 
to some strange and hilarious moments on stage. But when the music started things were intense and filled with emotion. 
The inclusion of a second guitar for this line up is a blessing and the right move. Songs gain a new life. Peter's voice goes to other dimensions. 
and the songs get all the emotion, rawness, power, beauty they deserve. I loved every second of music in this show. 
The new songs are great pointing us to a new album that should be one of the best Peter has done in years. Let's hope it sees the light of day soon. 
The pictures inside this torrent are from Blitz website and credit is assured (Rita Carmo). 

I would like to ask if there are any other recordings of the european dates from this tour flying around and if so could someone upload it here 
or point a direction? 

Enjoy, feel free to trade and share but please use mp3 just for personal use and ABOVE ALL DON'T SELL!!! 
Cheers 
Ziggy :-)