 http://bayimg.com/dAfoaaACB

US Navy Diving Manual (6th Edition)
Aquapress | 2008-08 | 1905492154 | 922 Pages | PDF

A MUST HAVE for every diver: Diving Principles and Policies | Air Diving Operations | Mixed Gas Diving | Closed Circuit Diving | Diving Medicine
The new USN Air Diving Tables are include with both AIR and AIR with Oxygen Decompression.

The Revised 6th Edition of the United States Navy Diving Manual incorporates many changes. The first major change is a complete revision of the air diving procedures and air diving tables in Chapter 9 of the Manual.


The procedures and tables are the mature product of ten years of work including testing, rigorous analysis, and Fleet Diver feedback. The bottom line is that these new tables and procedures represent a quantum step forward in safe diving practices and correct identified safety deficiencies in the existing air tables that have been part of the manual virtually without significant change for fifty years.

The second major change concerns the operation and procedures of the Oxygen Regulator Control Assembly (ORCA), a key material element that enables the proper implementation of the preferred air
diving decompression regime in the revised Diving Manual: decompression with oxygen. The third addition is the training requirements for Oxygen Worker Training, a necessary element for commands to
manage the oxygen systems which are required for the revised procedures.

For twenty years the US Navy Diving Manual has been the ultimate reference source for the diver. AquaPress are pleased to announce the publication of the 6th version of the US Navy Diving Manual. The US Navy Diving Manual is now available for the first time as a complete manual. Potential readers may feel challenged by the sheer size of the work. The book is unsurpassed in technical detail and depth. As the ultimate diving reference work the book contains everything you ever wanted to know about diving and many aspects that you could never imagine! The manual is however surprisingly easy to read. One of the reasons for this is that the manual is actually made up of five individual books or volumes.
The volumes are as follows:

Volume 1: Diving Principles and Policies
Volume 2: Air Diving Operations
Volume 3: Mixed Gas Surface Supplied Diving Operations
Volume 4: Closed Circuit and Semiclosed Circuit Diving Operations
Volume 5: Diving Medicine and Recompression Chamber Operations

These volumes mean that despite the books size the individual volumes make for user friendly reading. Each section has been extensively researched and is widely regarded as the technical standard for diving information and procedures.
The manual is easily referenced and used internationally by recreational, commercial, and military divers because of its authoritative and approved procedures.
This 6th Revision contains the most up to date decompression tables, and techniques for avoiding decompression sickness. 