Revo Uninstaller Pro 2.2.3/ Revo Uninstaller

Uninstall, delete, remove programs and solve uninstalling problems.
Revo Uninstaller helps you to uninstall and remove unwanted programs installed on your computer 
even if you have problems uninstalling and cannot uninstall them from "Windows Add or Remove Programs" 
control panel applet. Revo Uninstaller is a much faster and more powerful alternative 
to "Windows Add or Remove Programs" applet!
With its advanced and fast algorithm, Revo Uninstaller analyzes an application's data before uninstall 
and scans after you uninstall an application. After the program's regular uninstaller runs, 
you can remove additional unnecessary files, folders and registry keys that are usually left 
over on your computer. Even if you have a broken installation, Revo Uninstaller scans for an 
application's data on your hard disk drives and in the Windows registry and shows all found files, 
folders and registry keys so you can delete them. 

With its unique "Hunter mode", Revo Uninstaller offers you some simple, easy to use, but effective 
and powerful approaches to manage (uninstall, stop, delete, disable from auto starting) and to get 
information about your installed and/or running programs.

Revo Uninstaller gives you another 8 handy and powerful tools to clean up your system.

Here is the list of the tools and utilities included in Revo Uninstaller:
• Auto Start Manager - Stop programs that start automatically on Windows startup; speed up loading of Windows!
• Windows Tools Manager - Handy and useful tools bundled with every version of Windows; easily find 
useful system tools and options!
• Junk Files Cleaner - Find and remove unnecessary files from your computer; free up disk space and 
delete files you do not need!
• Browsers History Cleaner - Erase web browser history, visited pages history and temporary internet 
files of Internet Explorer, Firefox, Netscape and Opera web browsers; free up a lot of disk space by 
deleting temporary internet files like temporary saved videos, temporary flash files, temporary pictures etc!
• Office History Cleaner - Remove the history of most recently used files in MS Office; remove your 
tracks by deleting the list of last opened MS Office documents!
• Windows History Cleaner - Remove the history of recently opened files, delete temporary files, 
remove usage tracks and other history items that are saved by Windows; remove your tracks saved 
by Windows for a lot of operations!
• Unrecoverable Delete Tool - Erase files and folders forever; be sure that nobody could recover 
your files and folders after deleting!
• Evidence Remover - Make sure already deleted files, folders and other data are unrecoverable; 
securely erase your data!

Revo Uninstaller Pro is compatible with the following operating systems: Windows XP, Windows 2003, 
Windows Vista and Windows 7
Revo Uninstaller Pro has full native support of 64bit operating systems!

What's new in Revo Uninstaller Pro 2.2.3, June 11 2010:
- Fixed minor bugs


INFO:
VirusTotal Report: 
http://www.virustotal.com/analisis/01d8f2e3799107c258452650c4b31b0dd3714878f72f14fb9caba3cc5112e436-1276279034

Install Notes:
1. run Installer
2. when finished, close the program
3. Go to crack dir; Copy the crack file into install directory, (overwrite the original)

Done, ENJOY