Sword of the Samurai for the Ps2                                    Rel. 02/14/2003



Format:        DVD5 PAL & NTSC
Lang.:         English
Discs:         2
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        RPG
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.



Release Notes: This ps2 game was released only in pal. This upload contains the 
               original pal game, and a Ntsc Patched Version for the rest of us to 
               enjoy. There is one glitch with the NTSC version the beginning 
               cutscene or other cutscenes are a little choppy. This is because 
               the game plays better in pal.




You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
          
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
          
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
         
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

Sword of the Samurai is a story-driven sword fighting game that allows players to create a character and train their fighter in a variety of fighting techniques as they work their way to finally become the ultimate Bushido Master. Players will experience their character's growth as they develop their own sword-fighting style and learn new skills by receiving authentic advice and instruction from expert Dojo Masters. Players will fight multiple opponents including 30 of the most famous Japanese sword-fighting grandmasters, going on a variety of missions to learn new sword fighting skills and amass a collection of more than 100 authentic swords with individual statistics. Sword of the Samurai is the ultimate sword fighting game, featuring awesome combat in a feudal Japanese atmosphere.

The gameplay focuses on improving and enhancing your somewhat terrible sword skill technique. As at the beginning of the game your sword play starts with what seems like "swinging a bat" rather than a sword technique, you improve your skill and techniques by "stealing" techniques by dueling with other swordsmen of which you add to your own library of sword techniques and customize which techniques suit your purposes.

The "semi-RPG" elements refer to the "skill and techniques" development of your character. The more duels, missions and bouts your character accomplishes, the more sword techniques your character will eventually learn as well as gradually increasing your character stats.

Thus dueling is the essence of the gameplay, may it be a friendly match with wooden swords or unofficial death matches using your steel sword (katana). 

Swordplay techniques are extremely complicated at first, comprising of detailed forms: Stances, each with different types of attacks; Parrying and the ability to counter attack after a correct block; Stance Attack, the ability for a surprise attack against a correct stance and much more.



Features:

* Develop a unique fighter from appearance to individual skills and sword fighting 
  style with a combination of various defense and attack stances.

* Utilize a variety of sword mastery fighting styles and strategies, including
  direct attacks, parries and other sword techniques.

* Fight multiple opponents simultaneously - one versus multi opponents or 
  traditional one-on-one scenarios.

* Take on missions and fight in tournaments, including assassination, defend,
  rescue, and guard and protect.

* Fight against 30 famous, historical Japanese sword masters with accurately  
  modelled weapons and realistic sword techniques all based on real Japanese sword 
  schools. 



Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		