Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Come and Get It" was the name of a song composed by Paul McCartney for the 1969 film The Magic Christian, and made popular by the group Badfinger.

On 2 August 1969, McCartney presented his demo to Apple  band Badfinger (then called the Iveys) telling them, "Okay, it's got to be exactly like this demo." His "carrot" for the band was his offer to produce this song and two other Iveys originals for the movie, The Magic Christian, since he had a contract to supply three songs for it. The band followed his instructions.

McCartney auditioned each of the four Iveys to sing lead on "Come and Get It". Ultimately, he picked fellow Liverpudlian Tom Evans to be lead singer instead of any of the three Welshmen, Pete Ham, Ron Griffiths, or Mike Gibbins.

The single was released on Apple Records on 5 December 1969. "Come and Get It" was a hit single for the band, peaking at No. 7 in the United States, and No. 4 in the United Kingdom. It was the opening theme for the film The Magic Christian, starring Peter Sellers and Ringo Starr (it was also repeated during the movie's closing credits, with an additional string arrangement added). The biggest differences between the two versions are a slower tempo on McCartney's original and Badfinger's version featuring the use of three-part harmonies.

The UK picture sleeve for the single shows all four members of Badfinger that appear on the song, although bassist Ron Griffiths departed the band before the single was released.

In 1978 a reformed version of Badfinger re-recorded "Come and Get It" for K-Tel Records, with Tom Evans again singing lead vocals. This was to provide a demo recording to give to Elektra, and resulted in the Airwaves album in 1979.

Badfinger was a rock band formed in Swansea, Wales in the early 1960s who became one of the earliest representatives of the post-'60s power pop genre. During the early 1970s the band was at times tagged as the heir apparent to The Beatles, partly because of their close working relationship with them and partly because of their similar sound. The band had four consecutive worldwide hit songs and contributed "Without You," a No. 1 Billboard hit for Harry Nilsson  which was covered by hundreds of artists. Badfinger's two principally-known singers and songwriters, Pete Ham and Tom Evans, committed suicide in 1975 and 1983, respectively.

After their initial hit song on The Beatles' record label, Apple – "Come and Get It" – the band members entrusted their financial affairs to an American businessman Stan Polley. Internal squabbling, artistic differences, and allegations of financial mismanagement ensued which eventually led to a freeze on the band's activities and income. Founding member Pete Ham committed suicide after leaving a damning note about Stan Polley and the band folded. Subsequent attempts to reform Badfinger at various times over the following decade floundered. Band member Tom Evans, who saw his friend's body hanging, never got over Pete Ham's death and he committed suicide on November 19, 1983. Evans was quoted by many as saying in darker moments, "I wanna be where he is." The band's story has been referred to as "the classic rags-to-riches story with a tragic Shakespearean ending." 


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/