Paul Rogers-The Hendrix Set-Muddy Water Blues-The History-3 CD's Rare 320kbps

Paul Rogers-Muddy Water Blues Plus Bonus Disc-The History 320kbps

Paul Rodgers' tribute to Muddy Waters is not a return to Waters' electric Chicago blues, but a continuation of the blues-rock of Rodgers' old bands, Free and Bad Company. Taken on those terms, Muddy Water Blues: A Tribute to Muddy Waters works only when Rodgers is matched with a good blues-rock guitarist. Jeff Beck, Buddy Guy, and Gary Moore all play well, while Richie Sambora, Neal Schon, and Trevor Rabin all sound a bit lost; the rest, including David Gilmour and Brian May, fall somewhere in between. Still, this is a nice album and the inclusion of a 6 track bonus disc featuring original versions of Rodgers' previous bands make it even nicer.


1. Muddy Water Blues (Acoustic Version)
2. Louisiana Blues
3. Can't Be Satisfied
4. Rollin' Stone
5. Good Morning Little School Girl (Part 1)
6. I'm Your Hoochie Coochie Man
7. She's Alright
8. Standing Around Crying
9. The Hunter
10. She Moves Me
11. I'm Ready
12. I Just Want To Make Love To You
13. Born Under A Bad Sign
14. Good Morning Little School Girl (Part 2)
15. Muddy Water Blues (Electric Version)
Bonus Disc
Paul Rodgers - The History
1. Alright Now (Free)
2. Wishing Well (Free)
3. Fire & Water (Free)
4. Bad Company (Bad Company)
5. Feel Like Making Love (Bad Company)
6. Can't Get Enough (Bad Company)

The Hendrix Set 320kbps

Paul Rodgers' tribute to Muddy Waters is not a return to Waters' electric Chicago blues, but a continuation of the blues-rock of Rodgers' old bands, Free and Bad Company. Taken on those terms, Muddy Water Blues: A Tribute to Muddy Waters works only when Rodgers is matched with a good blues-rock guitarist. Jeff Beck, Buddy Guy, and Gary Moore all play well, while Richie Sambora, Neal Schon, and Trevor Rabin all sound a bit lost; the rest, including David Gilmour and Brian May, fall somewhere in between. Still, this is a nice album and the inclusion of a 6 track bonus disc featuring original versions of Rodgers' previous bands make it even nicer. Anyway, this in an enjoyable little addition to the Muddy Waters' Tribute released the same year and a pleasant listen featuring very capable musicians and the golden voice of Mr. Rodgers.

1. Purple Haze
2. Stone Free
3. Little Wing
4. Manic Depresion
5. Foxy Lady

