All.Anal.All.The.Time.2008.XXX.NTSC.DVDR-ETM 	




screens + covers:
 
http://image.thaiguy.net/show_comp.php?id=fd7cb1156&name=AllAnalScreens.jpg




Suze Randall is down for All Anal All The Time! 
We`re sure you won`t think bad of her and you`ll definitely love seeing her stuff dick in her tight asshole. 
These girls love it in the ass! 
Just stick your hard, throbbing cock up her bung hole and she`s happy!


Actresses

    * Annette Schwarz            [Anal Facial]
    * Aurora Snow                [Anal Facial]
    * Hillary Scott              [Anal]
    * Jennifer Dark              [Anal Facial]
    * Rebeca Linares             [Anal Facial DP]
    * Roxy DeVille               [Facial]
    * Tory Lane                  [Anal Facial]

Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Annette Schwarz, Mark Davis, Tory Lane
    * Scene 2. Hillary Scott, Jean Valjean
    * Scene 3. Derrick Pierce, Jennifer Dark
    * Scene 4. Marco Banderas, Rebeca Linares, Tommy Gunn
    * Scene 5. Aurora Snow, Marco Banderas, Roxy DeVille


Studio:     Suze Randall (Pure Play Media)
Categories: All Sex, Anal, Gonzo, Threesomes and More, Oral, Hardcore
Director:   Holly Randall
Released:   2008


Quality: DVD5
Video:   NTSC 4:3 (720x480) VBR
Audio:   Dolby AC3, 2 ch



REVIEW:


All Anal All the Time collects five unrelated anal scenes. Each scene has a little tease and sometimes a little setup before working through the usual oral sex exchange, pussy fucking, and then anal.
Scene 1 – Annette Schwarz, Tory Lane, and Mark Davis

Mark starts the opening scene out showing a bit of art off to hot brunette Tory, who's in an animal print top and red skirt. They decide to close the deal with a little sex, and Mark starts to strip Tory down and worship her body not realizing that blonde security guard Annette is watching them and starting to touch herself. Mark fingers her pussy and tongues her holes before letting Tory suck his cock in return with plenty of throat action mixed in. Annette interrupts them after a bit, and a pissed off Mark has her join in since he pays her check. Annette mixes in plenty of kissing with Tory and lets Tory suck her tits before Annette moves over to work on Tory orally while Mark strips down. They work the oral all around a bit more before Tory rides Mark cowgirl style with her pussy as Annette offering a little more oral help. Annette gives them both a little more oral love before Tory impales her ass on his cock reverse cowgirl style while Annette rides Mark's face and sucks him clean of her ass. The girls trade places so Annette can ride him cowgirl style with Tory offering up a bit of oral love as well as a bit of spanking and hair pulling for Annette before she moves up to ride Mark's tongue. Annette gets in the middle to eat Tory as Mark spears her shitpussy doggie style as well as letting him poke it missionary style. She sucks him clean before letting Tory slide her ass back on Mark's cock for a little more reverse cowgirl action. Finally, the girls share the pop and then kiss a bit.

This is a great opening scene. The chemistry between Tory and Mark is off the chart to start, and it doesn't lose a bit when Annette joins in. There's a very nice balance between the girls sexually, and although the camera work is simple it's also extremely effective. The only complaint I can really have about this scene is that with a title like All Anal All the Time, I didn't expect to be seeing any of the pussy fucking that each of the girls got into. This is a darn hot scene that worked extremely well for me, but the fucking was not limited to the ass.


Scene 2 – Hillary Scott and Jean ValJean

When well dressed Jean visits hot dog girl Hillary, who's in a pair of short cutoffs, a cut off t-shirt, knee high socks, and a red visor, she decides that she'd rather get a hot dog from him. She lets him check out her tits and kiss her as she gropes his cock through his pants, and strokes him a bit after he whips it out. They play a bit more before Hillary drops down to suck Jean's cock and let him fuck her face before he fucks her pussy hard from behind. She sucks him clean before letting him fuck her cowgirl style in midair and then slides her ass over his cock reverse cowgirl style on the floor. Jean holds her arms back and pulls her in as he fucks her ass cowgirl style before pulling out and popping on Hillary's ass. Jean puts his cock right back in her ass and she continues to ride him slowly before she hops off to give him a bit more head as the camera fades out.

This is another hot scene. Hillary looks fantastic in her little street vendor outfit, and she puts out both her holes every bit as well as one would expect. She and Jean have very nice chemistry throughout the scene and the action is captured nicely. Once again, however, the fucking isn't limited to anal and there's a bit of pussy fucking to start it off. This is a hot scene, but once again fails to be all anal all the time.


Scene 3 – Jennifer Dark and Derrick Pierce

Brunette Jennifer makes her way to a bed in a sexy animal print bit of lingerie and black stockings where she goes right to running her hands around half-dressed Derrick. She pulls off his belt and rubs it around his cock in his pants before opening up his white pants to pull out his cock. Jennifer licks and sucks her way around his cock with a bit of throat action mixed in before turning around so Derrick can finger and tongue her holes while she continues to suck and stroke him. Jennifer puts her pussy to work riding Derrick in each of the cowgirls before letting him tap her tailpipe spooning. He moves around to fuck her ass missionary style, and Jennifer encourages him to slap her ass when she rolls over for him to fuck each of her holes doggie style. Finally, Jennifer rolls around to take a nice facial finish and even wipes the cum around her face with Derrick's cock a little.

This is another hot scene. Jennifer looks great and puts out some very nice vocals to go with her energy. She really drives the scene and has a bit of nastiness that comes out as well as some very nice chemistry with Derrick. The action is pretty well captured again, but once again the fucking fails to be all anal all the time. This is another hot scene that just doesn't quite make it to what the cover advertises.


Scene 4 – Rebeca Linares, Marco Banderas, and Tommy Gunn

Dark haired beauty Rebeca breaks out a sexy little black outfit for the penultimate scene, and makes her way through a curtain and around a pole before playing with herself on a bed. She's joined by Marco, who kisses her passionately as she helps him from his pants and into her hand and mouth before Tommy moves in to tongue her from behind. Rebeca gets down to work her mouth and hands between the guys before letting Marco fuck her pussy doggie style as she continues to work Tommy over orally. She turns around so Tommy can spoon her snatch as she sucks and strokes Marco before moving back to Marco to ride him reverse cowgirl style with each of her holes. Rebeca lets Tommy fuck her ass as she sucks Marco's cock a bit more and sucks him clean before letting the guys DP her in each of the cowgirls. Finally, she gets down to suck and stroke the guys to a nice double facial finish.

This is another darn hot scene which as usual, has a fair amount of pussy fucking. Rebeca looks darn good and plays to the camera nicely to start the scene, and then brings out some nice chemistry with each of the guys along with what seems to be a slight preference for Tommy. She puts out both of her holes very well with a very nice double penetration as well as great enthusiasm for the facial. This is yet another nicely done scene despite a lot of pussy fucking.


Scene 5 – Aurora Snow, Roxy DeVille, and Marco Banderas

Blonde Aurora mops up the floor in a latex maid's outfit as Roxy watches her and has a smoke in a purple rubber dress. She has Aurora dance around a bit before Marco joins her in checking out the new maid. He moves in to check out Aurora's ass and is quickly put in her place when she questions it. Marco moves in to tongue her from behind with a little supervision from Roxy before Roxy blows a little smoke in her face. Aurora goes right to work sucking Marco's cock when he pulls it out with a little help and guidance form Roxy and then rides it cowgirl style with her pussy when he lays back on a bed. Roxy lays back and has Aurora sit on her face as Marco fucks her missionary and scissors style before getting up to ride him reverse cowgirl style with her pussy. Aurora gives up her ass for Marco to spoon as Roxy plays with her pussy and gives a little more oral help. Aurora continues to put out the pooper in reverse cowgirl and sucks Marco clean before letting him fuck her ass doggie style. Finally the girls share the facial as well as a little kiss.

I suppose some might try to excuse the pussy fucking in each of the previous scenes as not delivering what the title claims by saying that each of the girls takes it in the ass. That excuse, which seems very weak to me, goes right out the window with this scene as Roxy DeVille (who gets second billing on the cover) never takes it in the ass. I can't help but take major issue with that fact here because the thought of Roxy taking a cock up her ass was one of the main reasons I wanted to check this release out. I'll readily admit that this is another hot scene with nice chemistry and camera work, but that doesn't excuse the fact that the scene doesn't deliver what it puts forth. When I got curious and checked the cover a little further I also see that it doesn't include Roxy working Aurora's ass over with a toy like it shows on the back cover. This is a good scene, but due to the title of the movie it couldn't help but fall short for me.


All Anal All the Time is a great fuck flick with one problem, and sadly, that problem isn't going to be too little for some people. The problem here is that with a title like All Anal All The Time I fully expected the fucking to be all anal all the time, which means no pussy fucking and at the very least, every girl taking it in the ass (and no, I don't think the title means there's no oral sex). Neither of these things happen here, and because of it All Anal All the Time fell short of where it might have with a more responsible and honest title (and as a results, the overall score on this title is much lower than where it would have been with a more responsible title). The scenes all have nice chemistry and are well captured, and there's also a nice mix of openings to start the scenes out. Tory Lane and Annette Schwarz turn out a great scene to start the movie with, and it never seems to slow down. All Anal All the Time is a nice release for couples and anybody else who want anal action with a bit of style and a lot of chemistry, but anybody who wants very heavy anal action or who wants all of the girls to take it in the ass better look elsewhere.


