Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Pressure Drop" is a song recorded in 1969 by Toots & the Maytals for producer Leslie Kong. The song appears on the Maytals' 1970 album Monkey Man (released in Jamaica by Beverley's Records) and From the Roots (released in the UK by Trojan Records). "Pressure Drop" helped launch the band's career outside Jamaica when the song was featured in the soundtrack to the 1973 film The Harder They Come, which introduced reggae to much of the world. The song later appeared on the K-Jah West radio station in the video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (2004) and the film 50 First Dates (2004). The song also appeared on the soundtrack of the movie This Is England from 2007.

The same year, Rolling Stone rated the song #446 in its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

The first cover showed up by Robert Palmer on his second solo album, the aptly titled Pressure Drop released in 1975. Palmer is backed by Little Feat and other musicians.

Robert Allen Palmer (19 January 1949 – 26 September 2003), born in Batley, Yorkshire, was an English singer-songwriter. He was known for his soulful voice and the eclectic mix of musical styles on his albums, combining soul, jazz, rock, pop and blues.

On the basis of his youthful looks, strong stage presence, and soulful voice, Island Records signed Palmer to a solo deal. His first solo album Sneakin' Sally Through the Alley recorded in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1974, was heavily influenced by the music of Little Feat and the funk fusion of The Meters who acted as backing band along with producer/guitarist Lowell George of Little Feat. His first single was a cover of Little Feat's "Sailin' Shoes." Although moderately successful in the UK, both the album and single reached the Top 100 in the US. Notably, "Sailin' Shoes" (the album's first track), Palmer's own "Hey Julia" and the Allen Toussaint-penned title track carry virtually the same rhythm, and are packaged on the CD as a "trilogy" without a pause between them.

Subsequently relocating from London to New York City with his wife, Palmer released Pressure Drop in 1975 (featuring famed Motown bassist James Jamerson). An album infused with his interests in reggae and rock music, it was noted for its cover art of a nude girl on a balcony rather than any commercially successful songs. (The lead single "Give Me An Inch" did win critical plaudits for Palmer's note-perfect delivery and its chord changes, which surprised George during the recording process.) He toured with Little Feat to promote that album.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

