 http://bayimg.com/OAOLaAACC

Gods Little Acre (1958) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051666/

SPANISH FRENCH PORTUGUESE SUBTITLES	

Gods Little Acre is a 1958 American film of the novel of the same name by Erskine Caldwell.  It was made for the screen by director Anthony Mann and shot in black and white by master cameraman Ernie Haller.

 Robert Ryan ...  Ty Ty Walden 
 Aldo Ray ...  Bill Thompson 
 Buddy Hackett ...  Pluto Swint, Sheriff Candidate 
 Jack Lord ...  Buck Walden 
 Fay Spain ...  Darlin Jill 
 Vic Morrow ...  Shaw Walden 
 Helen Westcott ...  Rosamund 
 Lance Fuller ...  Jim Leslie 
 Rex Ingram ...  Uncle Felix 
 Michael Landon ...  Dave Dawson 
 Russell Collins ...  Watchman 
 Davis Roberts ...  Farm Hand with Hoe 
 Janet Brandt ...  Irate Woman 
 Tina Louise ...  Griselda Walden, Ty Tys daughter-in-law 

The film was as controversial as the novel, though this time there was no prosecution for obscenity. Though both book and film were laced throughout with racy innuendo calling into question the issue of marital fidelity, it was the film adaptation that may have been the more alarming, inasmuch as it portrayed a popular uprising, or Marxist insurrection, in the southern United States by millworkers laid off from work and trying to gain control of the factory equipment which their jobs depend on. Philip Yordan was officially given credit for the screenplay, but it was actually by Ben Maddow. Since Maddow was blacklisted for suspected Communist activities during the 1950s Red Scare, working without credit was the only way he could successfully submit screenplays.

Set in Georgia amidst the wild and woolly Walden clan, Gods Little Acre (1958) tells the story of a farmer patriarch Ty Ty Walden (Robert Ryan) obsessed with the idea that there is gold buried by his grandfather on the family farm. The only spot untouched by Ty Tys shovel, Gods Little Acre is set aside as a tithe for the church. But that acre tends to move around, depending upon where Ty Ty wants to dig. When director Anthony Manns film opens, Ty Ty and his two sons Buck Walden (Jack Lord) and Shaw Walden (Vic Morrow) are deep within one of the pits that litter the Walden farm after 15 years of digging for their fortune. Ty Ty has allowed his land to grow fallow, much to the amazement of his black farm hand Uncle Felix (Rex Ingram) who reminds him that all the effort he is putting into his endless treasure hunt could yield greater rewards if hed farm the land.

Ty Ty is occasionally distracted in his big dig by strange notions â