SCARRED BY BEAUTY from Copenhagen Denmark is a colorful band. Cold and melodic,
embracing and groovy or blue and relaxed – the band releases their sound in many and
various forms. Driven by high spirit and deep friendship Scarred by Beauty combines the love
for each other and friends, for Copenhagen and most of all the love for intelligent and
carefully thought out music in a most interesting way.
Their universe is as tranquil as an early sunshine morning by the water in Copenhagen’s
harbor and yet distinct and roaring as the fire that burns in the bars all over town. All this is
connected in a complex pattern that as a snowflake appears simple, recognizable and above
all beautiful.
With their playful attitude towards the writing process Scarred by Beauty finds a truly special
way of doing what they do best. For any music lover who values a refreshing experience,
Scarred by Beauty is with out a doubt worth listening to.
SCARRED BY BEAUTY was formed by Dennis Leszkowicz and Jonathan Albrechtsen in
2006. Through the last three years they grew and transformed from being just another name in
Copenhagen’s underground into the band they are today. Scarred by Beauty plays Headlining
shows all over Denmark, and in 2009-10 they have two full DK tours plus several shows in
Europe lined up. They have played along side with multiple established names such as:
Raunchy(DK), Dagoba(FR), As We Fight(DK), The Psyke Project(DK), The Burning(DK), A
Traitor Like Judas(D)…
The individual members of Scarred by Beauty are all active and dedicated musicians. Singer
Jonathan Albrechtsen is also the singer of the Danish trash sensation Hatesphere, who picked
Jonathan as their new front man not only for his voice, but also because of his presence and
charisma that shines way beyond the stage to every member of whatever audience he
performs for.
Guitar player Daniel Leszkowicz, only 18 years of age, is also a member of the Danish tech
metal band Vira, who took DK by surprise with their latest two EP’s. Vira is an active metal
unit both in and outside of Denmark.
Drummer Dennis Leszkowicz is, in spite of his young age, a gifted and versatile drummer.
Besides Scarred by Beauty he is also part of the live band for the Danish well-known alternative hiphop duo Intelligent Pushing.
All in all Scarred by Beauty is the culmination of four talented minds, that finds inspiration in
each other and with the release of their latest EP ”We Swim” there is no doubt – Scarred by
Beauty is ready for more.
SCARRED BY BEAUTY will spend 2009-10 touring to promote ”We Swim”, and writing
material for their debut album, which will be recorded next summer.

Online:

EVERYDAY RECZ 2009