IF YOU ENJOY THIS AMAZING BAND'S MUSIC, THEN PLEASE PURCHASE THIS ALBUM FROM THEM! 
http://www.last.fm/music/pg.lost 
http://www.pglost.com/

Score: 8/10
People say the darndest things when talking about music.  The topic was this year’s best albums. Trying to impress a girl, a fool, in the most generalist manner, blurted out: “When a band matures, they lose their creativity.”  To offer a counter argument to this madness, I only needed one word to extinguish his pallid, flawed flame. "Tortoise." At this, he fell to his knees, crying, begging me to kick him back to sanity.

With Tortoise, "maturity" is the keynote quality that has aided their longevity. Pg.lost started very brightly with Yes I Am, an emotion-packed EP that alerted post-rock lovers everywhere to a new Swedish giant in the making. Then they released their first proper album, It’s Not Me, It’s You, and, as if to piss all over the fans’ expectations (myself included), it was just another post-rock album. Sure it had some amazing tracks on it, but as a whole, it wasn’t a coherent piece of work. "They fail to set pulses racing like we know pg.lost can,” was stated in this review. Almost one year has passed, and with In Never Out, it all makes sense. They needed to make It’s Not Me, It's You in the same way that The Samuel Jackson Five needed to make Same Same, But Different. It is simply part of the learning process.

In Never Out as a whole oozes beauty. What we have now is a band that has perfect knowledge of their capabilities and is comfortable playing in their own skin. From the minimalist start of opener “Prahanien” to the dying last seconds of the album, pg.lost craft sweeping, melancholic soundscapes that attract, surround, and finally haunt the listener hours after the album is finished. They sound more restrained, with no over-playing or useless repetitions on display. Everything is done to serve the purpose of each track individually and the album as a whole.

Every once in a while tracks like “Crystalline” and “Heart of Hearts” throw some curve balls to hold the listener’s interest. “Crystalline” gives the illusion of being played in sixes while actually being played in eights, thanks to the drummer’s clever rim strikes. “Heart of Hearts” seems like it’s going to go in the same quiet-loud direction half way through but then surprises by going in an entirely different direction. This just comes to show their belief in their abilities right now, as well as upgraded song writing skills. The drumming in particular has improved vastly; Martin Hjertstedt carries several crescendos on his own while the guitars take the back seat.

The most notable difference between this and the previous album can be conveyed by comparing tracks “Gomez” and “Jonathan.” I have always believed that it could be very dangerous to give a track a human name, since that heightens expectations. The band is expected to tell a story that gives the audience a glimpse into someone’s life - his feelings, his thoughts, and his actions - all in a few minutes. To make things more difficult, they do it without uttering a single word, for their instruments articulate everything.  “Jonathan” wasn't a bad track, but it lacked that storytelling quality. It could have been about any old Jonathan. "Gomez", on the other hand, has a story. We can sense the man’s sadness, his longing for something he no longer has. Perhaps an expatriate wanting to go home to his family and friends, he is unable to embrace his new surroundings and is exiled from what he cares about the most. To strengthen this narrative, pg.lost place a Spanish radio sample at the end, and the hairs on the back of the listener’s neck stand in applause.

The only thing that can’t be said about In Never Out is that it’s groundbreaking; it is more a progress from the band’s original sound. This album is where pg.lost get it right and confirm their fans’ belief in their capabilities. By all means, this is a must listen for 2009.

-Mohammed Ashraf