Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Perfect Nightmare" is the second single taken from Barbadian singer Shontelle's sophomore album No Gravity. It was given a radio release in the United States on August 31, 2010, followed by a digital release along with the album on September 21, 2010.

The song's music video was released on September 30, 2010. It opens with Shontelle walking alone next to an old building before cutting to a black and white scene of her singing in darkness. A man is shown working out in a gym and footage is shown of Shontelle interacting with him after he is finished. In the next scene, Shontelle can be seen standing in front of bright yellow lights and four other woman, who begin to dance as the song's beat picks up. Between takes of Shontelle singing in front of these women, the man can again be scene working out but this time with a different woman. Next, Shontelle is shown entering the gym and crouching in front of a row of lockers, flailing around as she sings. In the final scene, a fight is taking place between the man and another boxer as the other woman watches. Shontelle is shown standing in front of a wall that separates the boxing ring from the locker room, and finally steps around the wall entering into plain sight of the man. He looks over at her, concerned, and as he does his opponent punches him in the head, knocking him down.

So far, "Perfect Nightmare" has received positive reviews. Sara Anderson of AOL Radio Blog spoke highly of the song, stating, "Opening with a haunting piano melody, by 1:08 'Perfect Nightmare' turns into to [sic] poppy, club-driven anthem, as Shontelle struggles to break free from a damaging relationship." Robbie Daw of Idolator said, "And while she can't seem to shake the pesky gent she describes in the tune, we're finding Shon's latest to be equally irresistible. It's certainly a step in the right direction for the 24-year-old, for whom Top 10 hit status in the U.S. has so far been elusive."

"Perfect Nightmare" is the follow-up to Shontelle's most successful single to date, "Impossible", which reached number thirteen on the US Billboard Hot 100. Speaking on her motivations behind the song, Shontelle stated, "I just wanted to do a single that would be more up-tempo because most people know me for ballads. I was just like 'no! I want y'all to know I'm a party girl.' So 'Perfect Nightmare' did just that perfectly."

Since its official radio release, "Perfect Nightmare" has steadily garnered more and more spins from Pop radio stations. It recently reached the Top 40 on Pop radio, where it currently sits at number forty.

No Gravity is the second studio album by Barbadian recording artist Shontelle, released on September 21, 2010 by SRC Records. Initially scheduled for an August 2010 release the album has been in production since August 2009 and was pushed back by one month to include additional recording sessions with Rodney Jerkins. It has been preceded by the lead single "Impossible", which was released on February 9, 2010, and reached number thirteen on the Billboard Hot 100. A second single, "Perfect Nightmare", was sent to US radio on August 31, 2010. It debuted at number eighty-one on the Billboard 200 before falling off the chart the following week.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/