Platform: Windows 95, 98, ME, NT4, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, Windows 7.

       Please seed (share) these programs. Most people (just like me when 
         I started) don't know how to do this. It simply means that when 
      the download is complete, don't press stop or close down your program. 
      It will then be available to anyone who wants to download it from you.      Thanks.


       Data is one of the most valuable assets that companies own today.

        These assets are increasingly vulnerable as mobile computing has
       become ever more widespread: sensitive information is often stored
            on notebooks and removable media – without any firewall
                                  protection.

        Mobile devices and media, along with the sensitive and valuable
       information that is stored on them, are especially at risk of loss
        or theft. A company’s management team is responsible for taking
         all the appropriate steps to protect the organization’s data.

       SafeGuard Easy provides this protection: No unauthorized user may
         access the device and read data or use the device as a tool to
         enter the company network. If a device gets into unauthorised
         hands, the data is securely protected even if the hard disk is
        removed. Complete encryption of the entire hard disk and a user
         authentication procedure that runs before the operating system
                        boots provide secure protection.

           Whether a single laptop or 10,000 PCs are to be protected,
        SafeGuard Easy allows easy implementation and enforcement of the
         IT security policy. With more than 3 million licences sold and
        certified according Common Criteria EAL 3, SafeGuard Easy is the
               market leader for hard disk encryption world-wide.

        SafeGuard Easy is truly user proof. It operates transparently in
       the background, so end users don’t need training or to change how
           they work. For security officers, IT managers, and system
        administrators, SafeGuard Easy offers transparent security, easy
             security policy implementation, and simple deployment.
