Darkstar One (C) Ubisoft/Ascaron

08/2006 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Tages SDK + Custom
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Simulation



Darkstar One delivers a thrilling story, fast-paced action and freedom of
choice within a vast and authentic universe. The renowned Science Fiction
author Claudia Kern , working closely with Daniel Dumont and his team, has
written an exhilarating and multifaceted adventure story revolving around
the space pilot Kayron Jarvis.

Features:

* Elaborate story, related by more than fifty minutes of video sequences
* Upgradeable space ship Darkstar One: The player decides which type of
spacecraft he prefers - a fast attack ship with many light weapons or a
near-invincible cruiser with heavy weaponry
* Over two hundred different weapons, shields and equipment items
* Rockets, torpedoes and mines feature special tactical uses: mines can
tactically fire at opponents or distract approaching missiles
* The Spell Weapon: the player will have a special weapon at his disposal
that will have an area of effect similar to certain spells in
role-playing games. This weapon will become increasingly versatile
throughout the game and it will increase the tactical potential
considerably.
* A vast, simulated universe with numerous, completely different races,
space ships and battle tactics.
* Each race features distinctive weapon types with different functions that
require different battle tactics. The player will be able to acquire
these weapons in order to mount them on the Darkstar One.
* Special missions, for example in canyons, on the surface of planets or
inside of planets
* Freedom of choice: the player may earn his credits in many ways, i.e.
fighting, piracy, assignments, smuggling, trading, escorting,
transporting, rewards ...
* The player may act as the good or the bad guy and he will be able
to take advantage of political disputes.

GOOD LUCK FRIEND - MAY THE (STAR)FORCE BE WITH U



1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount with Daemon tools.
3. Install the game.
4. Use the crackfix
5. Play the game.