An amazing audio book [text2speech conversion]....it reveals how the masses have been decieved....it discusses...banking system, law, history, pshycology, politics, philosophy and many other aspects of our existence...it is a well constructed argument that will open your mind [if you want] to a different perspective...DID you know that your goverment and system of law treat you as a corporation!!?? DID you know you can step outside the system if you know the rules of the illusion you were born into!!?? Please listen to this

some of the opening quotes are..

A truth’s initial commotion is directly proportional to how deeply the lie was believed. It wasn’t the world being round that agitated people but that the world wasn’t flat. When a well-packaged web of lies has
been sold gradually to the masses over generations, the truth will seem utterly preposterous and its speaker a raving lunatic. – Dresden James

Each progressive spirit is opposed by a thousand mediocre minds appointed to guard the past. ~ Maurice Maeterlinck

Contempt, prior to complete investigation, enslaves men to ignorance. – Dr. John Whitman Ray

In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act. – George Orwell

If you want to make someone angry, tell him a lie; if you want to make him furious, tell him the truth.

All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed, second it is violently opposed, and third, it is
accepted as self-evident. – Arthur Schopenhauer Philosopher, 1788-1860

As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. – J Billings
Don’t confuse your opinion with the truth. – Werner Erhard

Its a rare person who wants to hear what he doesn’t want to hear. – Dick Cavett

The power to fit in with one’s social peers can be irresistible. To a human lemming, the logic behind an opinion doesn’t count as much as the power and popularity behind an opinion. – Norman Livergood?

If the truth is that ugly -- which it is -- then we do have to be careful about the way that we tell the truth.
But to say somehow that telling the truth should be avoided because people may respond badly to the truth
seems bizarre to me. – Chuck Skoro, Deacon, St. Paul's Catholic church

Neo: What truth? Morpheus: That you are a slave, Neo. That you, like everyone else, was born into
bondage... kept inside a prison that you cannot smell, taste, or touch – a prison for your mind. Matrix

this series is free on the net @ various places....this was downloaded from1 to 50 parts about 8 hours in length....they are .flv files but it plays a static book cover image while playing the audio...my preference is to use VLC media player this allows lots of audio adjustment if needed...and is free open source....

fight for your rights before its to late!! dont be a SHEEPLE!!....