Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"My Dark Place Alone" is the first single by horror punk group Murderdolls from their upcoming album Women and Children Last. On June 17, 2010, on the Murderdolls Facebook page, the single was available for full preview on Bloody-Disgusting.com. On June 22, the single was made available for free download, for 48 hours only, from the Roadrunner website.

On July 17, the video for "My Dark Place Alone" premiered on ARTISTdirect.com, becoming their first single and video in eight years. The video jumps between images of the band covered in a black, oily substance, performing in a room soaked in the same substance, and images of an old man in a wheelchair and a black-eyed nurse, both dressed in white, in a white room.

Women and Children Last is the second studio album by American horror punk band Murderdolls released through Roadrunner Records on August 31, 2010. With the exception of Murderdolls touring guitarist Roman Surman, who contributed lead guitars to the album, and Mötley Crüe guitarist Mick Mars, who makes guest appearances on the tracks "Drug Me to Hell" and "Blood-Stained Valentine", the album was recorded by Wednesday 13 and Joey Jordison. The album was produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris. In an interview for Metal Hammer, Jordison explained why the old lineup would not be returning:
“ 	'The old band, we didn’t even know each other before it all came together [...] It was dysfunctional but it worked, but this time, we wanted it to be a little more stable. It was apparent that if we were going to do The Murderdolls again, we were going to do it with everything we’ve got.' 	”

On June 17, 2010, on the Murderdolls Facebook page, the lead single from the album, titled "My Dark Place Alone", was available for full preview on Bloody-Disgusting.com. On June 22, the single was made available for free download, for 48 hours only, from the Roadrunner website. Mock film trailers were released for three of the album's nonsingle tracks, "Drug Me to Hell", "Summertime Suicide", and "Chapel of Blood".

Murderdolls is an American horror punk supergroup, founded during 2002 in Hollywood, California. The band line-up consists of core members Wednesday 13 and Joey Jordison. Former members include Ben Graves, Acey Slade, Eric Griffin & Tripp Eisen.

To date the band has released two albums, the first in the form of Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls which was released in 2002. The band had limited initial success in the United States, though their album and singles charted well in the United Kingdom and around the same time they picked up a strong following in Japan. Their second album, Women and Children Last, was released August 31, 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/