Journalists aboard the Turkish ship Mavi Marmara, part of the Gaza humanitarian flotilla, documented Israel's lethal military attack, and were able to smuggle out an hour of footage. The video is being released presently at a United Nations press conference by Iara Lee, a filmmaker from Cultures of Resistance (CulturesofResistance.org). Twin Cities Indymedia is helping mirror the High-Definition 1080P 16-minute edit of the Israeli attack. From the media alert: "The footage shows the mood and the activities on board the Mavi Marmara in the time leading up to the attack, including a walk through the ship, and the immediate reaction of the passengers during the attack."

Please support the distribution of this video - Mirrors will be updated here: http://tc.indymedia.org/files/flotilla-footage/index.html

More info: http://www.culturesofresistance.org/UN-press-conference 

PRESS CONFERENCE TO RELEASE AS-YET UNSEEN HD FOOTAGE FROM GAZA FLOTILLA'S MAVI MARMARA 
PRESENTED BY FILMMAKER IARA LEE 
WHO: Iara Lee, a filmmaker from Cultures of Resistance (www.culturesofresistance.org) who was one of a small number of Americans aboard the Mavi Marmara when it was attacked by Israeli forces. Despite having her equipment confiscated, she was able to smuggle back to the U.S. an hour of footage taken aboard the ship. 
WHAT: Statement by Lee followed by the first screening of the raw footage in its entirety. The footage shows the mood and the activities on board the Mavi Marmara in the time leading up to the attack, including a walk through the ship, and the immediate reaction of the passengers during the attack. Lee will take questions from the press after the screening. 
WHEN: Thursday, June 10, 4pm EST. 
WHERE: United Nations Dag Hammarskjold Library. Visitors' entrance on 46th Street at First Avenue, New York City. 
HOW: For UN Press Accreditation, please see: http://www.un.org/media/accreditation/form/myform.asp 
CONTACT: Ina Howard-Parker, Represent Agency, ina@representinc.com