Keith Urban - Be Here (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 / 16 files 

Category Rock/Pop, Pop, Contemporary Country, Country 
Label Capitol Nashville 
Orig Year 2004 
All Time Sales Rank 3179 
CD Universe Part number 6774600 
Catalog number 77489 
Discs 1 
Release Date Sep 21, 2004 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Dan Huff; Keith Urban 
Engineer Justin Niebank; Mark Hagen; Brady Barnett 
Personnel Eric Darken - percussion 
Dann Huff - acoustic 12-string guitar 
Tom Bukovac - acoustic guitar, electric guitar 
Chris McHugh 
Matt Chamberlain - drums, percussion 
Russell Terrell - background vocals 
Paul Bushnell - bass guitar 
Tim Akers - accordion, piano, keyboards 
Jimmie Lee Sloas 
Keith Urban - vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, slide guitar, E-bow, banjo 


1. Days Go By 
2. Better Life 
3. Making Memories of Us 
4. God's Been Good to Me 
5. Hard Way, The 
6. You're My Better Half 
7. I Could Fly 
8. Tonight I Wanna Cry 
9. She's Gotta Be 
10. Nobody Drinks Alone 
11. Country Comfort 
12. Live to Love Another Day 
13. These Are the Days 

With his US debut album, GOLDEN ROAD, Keith Urban confounded critics' expectations of what a New Zealand-born country singer could do, delivering a record that not only contained four Number One hits and remained on the charts for more than ... Full Description100 weeks, but was an undeniably substantial artistic achievement. Urban cites legendary songwriter Jimmy Webb (author of Glen Campbell's "Wichita Lineman" and "Galveston"), as an influence, and Urban's music often recalls not only Nashville mavericks Rodney Crowell, Vince Gill, and Radney Foster, but the introspective stylings of 1970s singer/songwriters Jackson Browne and Dan Fogelberg. That said, BE HERE's smooth California folk-rock feel doesn't obscure the album's firm country roots. "God's Been Good to Me" lays down a tough, Waylon Jennings-worthy beat bolstered by hot banjo picking, while "Live to Love Another Day" is all backwoods twang and rural imagery. Urban's true forte, however, is the weepy ballad, and "Making Memories of Us" (penned by Crowell) and " Nobody Drinks Alone" are among the most poignant he's recorded 
 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce  
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://open.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce 
 
 
