 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1349853/
7.3/10 282 votes

One of the biggest Chinese blockbusters of 2009, Overheard is the latest police thriller from writer-directors Alan Mak and Felix Chong, who last collaborated on Lady Cop & Papa Crook. Building from a topic that feels especially relevant in the current economic climate, Overheard opens as a case of financial crime that escalates uncontrollably into violence and devastation. Three of Hong Kong's most popular leading men - Lau Ching Wan (Written), Louis Koo (Connected), and Daniel Wu (Shinjuku Incident) - play morally conflicted cops in this tense, unpredictable crime thriller. Co-produced by Derek Yee, Overheard also gets the top-notch supporting cast of Alex Fong Chung Sun (If You Are The One), Zhang Jingchu (Beast Stalker), Waise Lee (A Better Tomorrow), Lam Ka Wah (Look for a Star), pop idol William Chan in his film debut, and Michael Wong in an over-the-top scene-stealing turn as the nefarious businessman.

Cops Johnny (Lau Ching Wan), Gene (Louis Koo), and Max (Daniel Wu) are part of a special task force investigating a business firm that engages in financial crimes. While monitoring slimy executive Low (Waise Lee), Gene overhears an illegal stock tip. Street-smart Gene is married with kids, one of whom is battling cancer, and he himself has just been diagnosed with a terminal illness; he desperately wants to leave money behind for his family. Clean-cut Max is soon marrying into an overbearing rich family, and wants to prove himself financially. The two decide to make a gamble, and throw their life savings into the stock. Johnny who's harboring some secrets of his own - he's seeing the estranged wife (Zhang Jingchu) of his superior (Alex Fong) - covers for them. For these three cops who have always played it straight, all it takes is one wrong step to send them into a vicious crime spiral of no return.

Audio : Cantonese, Mandarin - Dolby Digital 5.1 - 448 Kbps

Subs (removable): English, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese

Runtime: 100 min
Bit rate : 5 009 Kbps
Frame rate : 23.976 fps
NTSC
16:9
custom added sub and menu