Their debut album Conditions was released in Australia on 19 June 2009
It will be released in the UK on 10 August, 2009.
[non beleivers go here]
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conditions_(Album)

In This Collection I Have Included The Folder Cover Which Has The Front And The Back Attached As One
The Front Cover Which Came Included
The CD Jpegs [Pictures]
CD Rip To MP3 320Kbps
Please SEED for others to Enjoy!
Cheers, Bubanee

1. 	"Love Lost"   	
2. 	"Rest"   	
3. 	"Sweet Disposition"   	
4. 	"Down River"   	
5. 	"Soldier On"   	
6. 	"Fader"   	
7. 	"Fools"   	
8. 	"Resurrection"   	
9. 	"Science Of Fear"   	
10. 	"Drum Song"
   	
The Temper Trap is a rock band from Melbourne, Australia. It is noted for its atmospheric sound, featuring grand guitars set to pulsating rhythms.
The band is signed to Infectious Records worldwide, except for Australia and the United States. In Australia the group is signed to Michael Gudinski's label Liberation Music, and in the United States it is still unsigned.
The Temper Trap first attracted the attention of the worldwide music industry after playing to sell-out crowds at the Musexpo in London in October 2008, and then at South by Southwest in March 2009.
The band finished recording their debut album with veteran music producer Jim Abbiss in March of 2009 in London, after 4 weeks recording the bulk of the album in Melbourne in late 2008.
The BBC chose The Temper Trap on its top 15 Sound of 2009.
Their song "Science of Fear" was remixed by the Drum & Bass artist Mistabishi, and appeared on the Hospital Records podcast #79. This same remix also featured in the intro for the 'Best Damn Movie Comp Period' competition on the video games website www.sourceradio.com. Their song "Sweet Disposition" was featured in the teaser trailer for "500 Days of Summer" (and is also on the movie's official soundtrack), the australian hit tv series Underbelly: A Tale of Two Cities and the Season 2 finale of Greek - 'At Worlds End'.
Debuted at #9 on the Australian ARIA Charts. 
The band relocated to London in early May to “spend a bit of time on the continent and try and build a fan base over here” according to lead guitarist Lorenzo. He says “it was always our dream to at least come over here and give it a good crack early on.”
