File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Kathleen Emperatriz "Kat" DeLuna (born November 26, 1987 in The Bronx, New York) is an American pop and R&B singer of Puerto Rican and Dominican heritage. She is currently signed to Universal Motown after previously being signed to Epic. She is noted for her Soprano vocal range and has won one Latin Billboard Music Award for her debut single "Whine Up". She has released one studio album, 9 Lives, and is currently at work on her sophomore studio album, Inside Out, which is due for a release Fall 2010.

DeLuna was dropped from Epic Records in 2008 and went on to sign a record deal with "Universal Motown". She subsequently began work on her sophomore album and in 2008 DeLuna premiered a new song, "Calling You", on her MySpace page and her official website.

In January of 2009 DeLuna released "Unstoppable", featuring Lil' Wayne, as a single from the Confessions of a Shopaholic soundtrack. The song was originally due to be the lead single from her second album but its release was later canceled. Then, in February of 2009, DeLuna embarked on a "Gay Club" tour in the United States.

In May of 2009, DeLuna released "Dance Bailalo" as a digital-only promotional single. The single failed to chart on the Hot 100 but did manage to reach number two on the Hot Dance Club Play as well as the top 10 on Latin charts. In June of 2009, Kat DeLuna performed at New York City's Fashion Industries High School prom alongside [[Shontelle], as the star of My Prom Style's official website feature, the "Ultimate Prom" fashion reality series. Three aspiring teen designers competed to design the dress she wore to a prom, and the pattern of the winning dress was then produced and sold nationwide by Simplicity Patterns.

In February of 2010, DeLuna participated in the Spanish remake of "We Are the World" called "Somos El Mundo" alongside other Dominican singers such as Juan Luis Guerra, Milly Quezada, Eddy Herrera, Romeo (Aventura), Fernando Villalona and Latin artists such as Paulina Rubio, Thalia, Belinda, Luis Fonsi, and Chayanne among others as a dedication to the devastation of the 2010 Haiti Earthquake. In April of 2010, Kat DeLuna then released the official lead single from her sophomore album. "Push Push", featuring Akon, failed to chart anywhere but Belgium and Canada however, and was dubbed as a promotional single in the United States.

DeLuna's sophomore album, Inside Out, is currently due to be released Fall 2010 . The record began recording in 2008 with recording finally being completed in mid-2010. After that "Push Push" charted in Belgium at number five on the RadioAirplay, the "Universal Motown" label decided to focus the promotion only in Europe and later in the US. The second single will be released in Europe in late September and is scheduled to be "Everybody Dance".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/