Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Pop is the first single by *NSync from their third album, Celebrity. It was written by Wade Robson and Justin Timberlake and produced by BT using his famous "stutter edit" sound. The song's subject focuses on contemporary criticism of boy bands and pop music, and assures the public of their music being addictive and not being a trend. It reached #19 on the US Billboard Hot 100, and #9 on the UK Singles Chart. In 2001, it won a Blockbuster Entertainment Award (category Favorite Group - Pop) and a Teen Choice Award for Choice Single.

The music video begins with a girl (Sandra McCoy) holding a bowl of cereal watching a commercial of Justin Timberlake advertising pop  seemingly to her: "Hey you! Yeah, I'm talking to you, sassy girl. Need a little ahh in your step? Try this on for size: i-i-i-i-i-its Pop! I-i-i-it tastes real good and makes you feel kind of funny, not here, not down there, but all up in this area. And, c-coming J-July 24, 2001, Jumbo-pop." (July 24 was the release date for the Celebrity album.) The girl drops her cereal bowl and the camera passes through three pieces spelling the word POP. After the music starts, the video takes place at a colorful dance club with *NSYNC performing on a lighted circle with the word "POP" in a neon sign behind them. While they are singing, Timberlake is also on a spinning spiral, and JC Chasez is in the crowd. Many special effects, including fast-motion, bullet-time, and computer generated warp-transitions, are used. At the end of the video, Timberlake executes his first music-video beatbox. The video debut on TRL May 30, 2001. During the dancing sequence part of the video, close up shots featured Joey Fatone, but the far away shots instead featured the video producer/choreographer/writer Wade Robson. Joey had injured his leg in a trap door during rehearsals for the new tour and could not do the dance sequences. Thus, Robson filled in, with dyed hair. This song was played in the movie Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius. The music video won four MTV Video Music Awards, including Best Pop Video, Best Dance Video, Best Group Video  and Viewer's Choice. The song was performed at the VMAs hosted by Jamie Foxx. Towards the end of the song, a giant Etch-a-Sketch spells out "King of Pop," and creates a silhouette of Michael Jackson before he finally appears in a surprise performance. He improvises his classic moves to the beat of "Pop" and ends with a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd.

Celebrity is the third studio album by the pop  boy band 'N Sync. It was originally released on July 24, 2001 by Jive Records. The album achieved five times platinum status in the U.S. and became the group's third album to sell over 10 million copies worldwide. This album also holds the record for second best first week sales in SoundScan history, only behind their own previous album, No Strings Attached. The album sold almost 1.9 million units in its first week.

The RIAA certified Celebrity Gold, Platinum and 5x Platinum on August 22, 2001, denoting five million shipments in the United States.

Jive Records has been criticized for releasing mostly Justin Timberlake-oriented singles, and none of which JC Chasez co-wrote or took a lead in. In his autobiography Out of Sync, Lance Bass believes that this decision ultimately caused Justin Timberlake to pursue a solo career, eventually breaking up the band.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/ 

