myspace dot com/thelovelanguage

The Love Language (self titled) 2009
320 kbps/44 kHz

myspace dot com/thelovelanguage

Support this band if you download the album! This is music you should see live if you can, and their MySpace has tour dates! 

"That’s what the Love Language is to me: The modest declaration of the universal obvious. Songs written about apartments you’ve lived in and rotary phones that you’ve hung up. Although McLamb’s arrangements are typically overcast, each song reminds you of the towering trees that relish each falling drop. That there are winners and losers, but sometime tragedy makes the most beautiful story. After all, no one would remember the Titanic had it not sunk. That is the Love Language- the celebration of the sinking ship. Bon Voyage." 
– Jon Kirby, Wax Poetics 

"Like recent indie breakthroughs Wavves and Times New Viking, McLamb uses lo-fi as a filter for his keen pop sensibilities, though his approach is far friendlier and less abrasive than either of those acts. Over the brief 29-minute course of the album, McLamb cycles through a wide range of indie-rock, country, and early-pop styles, all delivered with shouty charm and in-the-red verve, roughly approximating a sock-hop-era Arcade Fire." - Pitchfork

"The self-titled debut album by the Love Language (on Bladen County) is the sole product of Stuart McLamb, a total fuck-up and half-genius. A bad break-up, a drunken night in jail and a move back to his parents’ house somehow resulted in nine songs that sound like M. Ward, the Walkmen and Guided By Voices raiding the basement mini-fridge." – Magnet

"(a) heady blend of Guided by Voices-infused indie pop and nightmarish, Phil Spector-meets-Animal Collective-style production..." - All Music Guide

1. Two Rabbits  3:06	
2. Lalita	3:11 ("Key Track: Ultimate crowd-pleaser (and lone rocker) "Lalita," whose searing guitar brands itself across the brain instantly" - RollingStone.com)
3. Stars	3:41
4. Nocturne  3:31
5. Sparxxx  2:41
6. Night Dogs  3:06
7. Manteo  3:17
8. Providence 2:33
9. Gray Court  4:13

