Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Automatisch" and "Automatic" are songs by German pop rock band Tokio Hotel and are the first singles from their third German studio album and second English studio album Humanoid. "Automatisch" is set for release in German-speaking countries on September 18 2009 while "Automatic" is set for release in the US on September 22 2009.

The music video was directed by Craig Wessels of Wicked Pixels, the most awarded animation studio in South Africa, and was shot over three days in the Kalahari desert in South Africa. The video features the band driving separately in muscle cars and with computer generated humanoid robots. The music video for "Automatic" was released onto the internet on September 3, 2009 while the video for "Automatisch" was released a day later.

Humanoid is the third German studio album and the second English studio album by German band Tokio Hotel. The album was recorded in both German and English with both versions set for a simultaneous worldwide release bearing the same title, Humanoid. The German version of the album was released on October 2, 2009 in Germany and other European countries, while the English version was released in the United States on October 6, 2009.

The first single, "Automatisch" was released on September 18, 2009, and "Automatic" was released on September 22, 2009 in the US.

Tokio Hotel is a German band founded in Magdeburg, Germany in 2001 by singer Bill Kaulitz, guitarist Tom Kaulitz, drummer Gustav Schäfer and bassist Georg Listing. The quartet have scored four number one singles and have released three number one albums in their native country, selling nearly 5 million CDs and DVDs there.  After recording an unreleased demo-CD under the name "Devilish" and having their contract with Sony BMG terminated, the band released their first German-language album, Schrei, as Tokio Hotel on Island Records in 2005. Schrei sold more than half a million copies worldwide and spawned four top five singles in both Germany and Austria. In 2007, the band released their second German album Zimmer 483 and their first English album Scream which have combined album sales of over one million copies worldwide and helped win the band their first MTV Europe Music Award for Best InterAct. The former, Zimmer 483, spawned three top five singles in Germany while the latter, Scream, spawned two singles that reached the top twenty in new territories such as Portugal, Spain and Italy. In September 2008, they won in the US their first MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist. In October 2008, they won 4 awards including Best International Artist and Song of the year at Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica held in Mexico. Tokio Hotel became the first german band ever to win an award at the MTV VMAs and also at the MTV Latin America Awards. They also picked up the Headliner award at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008 held in Liverpool on 6 November 2008 and the Award for Best Group on 5 November 2009 at the MTV Europe Music Award held in Berlin.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

