The Rocking Vickers - The Complete Collection (1964-67 UK Beat)
CD (1995) To MP3 VBR.
Included: CD Covers & This Info.

Biography	by Richie Unterberger  Allmusic.com
A competently energetic but relatively faceless British mid-'60s band, the Rockin' Vickers are mostly remembered today because the guitarist for the bulk of their recording career was Ian Willis, who would eventually gain international fame as Lemmy with Hawkwind and Motörhead. The Blackpool band were still Lemmy-less when they made their debut in 1964 with a supremely raunchy version of Neil Sedaka's "I Go Ape," which was anthologized in the '70s on Hard-Up Heroes, the British equivalent of Nuggets. They'd only record three other singles, all of which had Lemmy aboard on guitar. Although capable of generating respectably raunchy, modish heat, they had nothing in the way of original material. Their third single, interestingly, was a version of a Pete Townshend song called "It's Alright," which sounds like a prototype for the much superior "The Kids Are Alright" (although, puzzlingly, the Who had already released "The Kids Are Alright" by the time the Rockin' Vickers' "It's Alright" appeared in March 1966). Who producer Shel Talmy liked the band and produced their final 45, a cover of the Kinks' "Dandy," which actually made number 93 in the States (where it was far outpaced by Herman's Hermits' version) before the Vickers split in 1967. 

Review  by Richie Unterberger  Allmusic.com
A very competent group with mod, Merseybeat, and R&B leanings, the Rockin' Vickers never came close to carving a sound of their own. Combined with their lack of original material, that condemned them to trivia-question status in the very competitive days of the British Invasion. Complete: Its Alright! has both sides of all four of their 1964-1966 singles, plus six previously unreleased tracks; the crazed primitive guitar solo on "I Go Ape" is the undoubted highlight. 

The Rockin' Vickers   From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The Rockin' Vickers were a 1960s English Rock and Roll band from Blackpool. They were originally called Rev Black and The Rockin' Vicars, then abbreviated to The Rockin' Vicars, but in order to have a chance to get more gigs or even a record contract, they changed their name to "Rockin' Vickers". The band is most notable for having Lemmy, who went by the name Ian Willis at the time, later of Hawkwind and more famously Motörhead, as a guitarist (Lemmy did not start playing bass until joining Hawkwind). Their last single "Dandy" was produced by Shel Talmy.

History
Formed in 1963, the band built their reputation as did many other beat groups of the era, by covering R&B and Beat standards, but soon became known for their unusually intense live shows and outlandish stage costumes, dressing as vicars and Sami. Although mainly popular as a local act around Blackpool, England, the Vicars also toured mainland Europe, being one of the earliest British rock bands to perform behind the Iron curtain when they played in Yugoslavia in the summer of 1965. They were particularly popular in Finland, where they recorded a single, a rocked up version of Zing Went The Strings of My Hearts. They released four single records. The band split in 1967.

In 1967, expatriate Blackpool musician Dave Rossall (ex-Bruce & The Spiders), carrying on the tradition of the English band, formed his own Australian band called Rev Black and the Rockin' Vicars (1967–1969). The Australian band went on to release four singles in its own right, toured extensively around Australia and made the Brisbane Top 40.

Lineup
1963-1964: 
Harry "Reverend Black" Feeney - Lead Vocals
Ken Hardacre - Lead Guitar
Alex Hamilton - Guitar
Peter Moorhouse - Bass
Cyril "Ciggy" Shaw - Drums

1964-1965: 
Harry "Reverend Black" Feeney - Lead Vocals
Ian Holdbrook - Guitar, Harmonica
Nicholas Gribbon - Guitar
Stephen "Mogsy" Morris - Bass
Cyril "Ciggy" Shaw - Drums

1965-1967: 
Harry "Reverend Black" Feeney - Lead Vocals
Ian "Lemmy" Kilmister - Guitar
Stephen Morris - Bass
Cyril "Ciggy" Shaw - Drums

Tracklist:
01. I Go Ape - 1964
02. Someone Like Me - 1964
03. Zing! Went The Strings Of My Heart - 1966
04. Stella - 1966
05. It's Alright - 1966
06. Stay By Me - 1966
07. Dandy (Davis) - 1966
08. I Don't Need Your Kind - 1966
09. Baby Never Say Goodbye (Previously Unreleased)
10. I Just Stand There (Previously Unreleased)
11. Say Mama (Previously Unreleased)
12. Shake Rattle & Roll (Previously Unreleased)
13. What's The Matter Jane (Previously Unreleased)
14. Little Rosy (Previously Unreleased)

See my other Torrents:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/Iron_Horse/