Laughing stock: Cattle with a        
           sense of humor.                     
                                               
                          
                                                             
                                             
                                                   
                                                         
                                                       
                                                 
                The diGERATi Present                  
                                                                            
                 Movie_Review_Magic_v4.0.1-DIGERATI           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                           Release Info                            
                                                                       
                                                                       
      Cracker ......: DIGERATI       Release-Type..: Regged            
      Packager......: DIGPACKER      Release-Date..: 12/8/2009         
       Supplier......: DIGERATI       Protection....: Other             
       Coder.........: DIGERATI       OS............: WinALL            
      Company.......: Northstar Solutions Files.........: xx/01             
                                                                       
      URL: http://www.nstarsolutions.com/mrm/                         
                                                                   
                                                           
                                               
                                             
              Release Notes              
                                                         
                                                     
                                                                 
                                                                       
                                                                         
        Movie Review Magic is a software program that will help          
        you start your own movie review site -- very fast and very       
        easy!  The program installs with nearly 200 movie entries,       
        and with the ready-made professional templates (which            
        determine the look and feel of your web site), you will          
        have your web site up and running in no time.  With just         
        the click of a button, hundreds (or even thousands) of web       
        pages will be created for you (all that's left for you to        
        do is upload them to your site).                                 
                                                                         
        Easily modify the HTML templates, change existing movie          
        reviews, and add new reviews of your own.  The interface         
        is so easy, that anyone with only basic computer skills          
        can create a professional web site (yet the program offers       
        HTML experts the ability to use their webmaster skills           
        too).  Movie Review Magic has a well-polished help system        
        that discusses advanced topics -- to include a section           
        devoted to ideas about how you can start your own movie          
        review business, generate revenue through advertising and        
        affiliate programs, and even enjoy tax deductions for            
        doing so!!!                                                      
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                       
                                                             
                   Install  Notes                    
                                                 
                                             
                                                                 
                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                     
      1. Unpack and install the software                             
      2. Use the following information in ser.txt to register        
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                       
                                                                         
                                         
                                       
                                                            
                     Mission Statement:                         
      A few years ago, DiGERATi emerged onto the scene.            
      Focusing on quality rather than quantity, our                
      members have successfully tackled some of the toughest       
      challenges in the scene.  Working as a closely unified      
         team we have maintained some of the highest standards          
       for security, quality, innovation, and comradery in the        
       scene today. DiGERATi is not one or two hardworking            
         persons; it is a force of hardworking people. Respect          
        is not to be demanded; it is to be earned!  We look           
     forward to working even harder in the future to continue     
   & to earn the respect of our peers. For anyone other than   
    our peers, WE DO NOT EXIST!                               
                                                          
                                                       
                                                         
                                     
                          
                                                                    
                                                                    
                                                                         
                   Our Respect goes out to:                          
                                                                          
        BliZZARD BRD CORE CRD DELIGHT DVT DDU EAT F4CG EMBRACE         
             HAZE HERETIC LZ0 SHOCK SSG TBE UNDERPL ZWT            
                                                                   
     Greets to all who work hard help make the scene secure!     
                                                                  
    A special thanks to those who supported us in the past and   
    helped to make us what we are today.Also,a major thanks to    
    those that broke the trail for us but can no longer be        
       here amongst us.                                                 
                                                                       
        Who are the "digerati" and why are they "the cyber elite"?      
         They are the doers and thinkers. They are not on the           
              frontier, they are the frontier!!...                      
                                                                   
                                                                
                                                               
                                                             
                                                       
                                                         
                                    
                          
                                                                     
 Yce