♦ P R E P A R E  T O  B E  U N L E A S H E D ! ! ♦


                           Zombie Driver RIP PROPER                         
 ♦♦
   Release Date  :  05/12/2009                Protection  :  Nothing
   Release Type  :  RIP 36x5.00MB             Company     :  EXOR Studios
 ♦♦
   Release Notes:

   Fight your way through the streets of a zombie infested city to save     
   the survivors of a disastrous chemical accident that changed most of     
   the city's population into mindless brain hungry monsters. Time is       
   your enemy and your car is your weapon as you race through the streets   
   smashing everything on your way including fences, phone booths, street   
   lamps and hordes of zombies. When the gruesomely mutated zombies         
   become too much to handle, buy a new car or get more guns and upgrades   
   installed. You can earn more money for finishing side quests, making     
   kill combos and searching for hidden prizes. Game play is unrestricted   
   and the player can freely roam through the dark streets, alleys and      
   backyards searching for the best shortcuts or hidden power ups.          
                                                                            
   17 story missions with sub quests and bonus objectives                   
                                                                            
   Huge, free roaming city, infested by thousands of brain hungry zombies   
   just waiting to be explored                                              
                                                                            
   6 different cars including an unlockable super car                       
                                                                            
   9 different upgrades for each car, which can transform even an           
   innocent Taxi into a Chariot of Death                                    
                                                                            
   All cars can be mounted with miniguns, flamethrowers, rocket launchers   
   or even dual railguns.                                                   
                                                                            
   All weapons have 3 upgrade levels which come with unique features.       
                                                                            
   Dynamic combo system with tricks and hordes of zombies to try it on.     
                                                                            
   Many vicious zombie types including even zombie dogs                     
                                                                            
   PhysX by NVIDIA                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
   RIPPED: DirectX and PhysX                                                
                                                                            
   PROPER reason:                                                           
                                                                            
   According to the S.R.R. then a proper is allowed, if it's minium 7       
   disks smaller than the first RIP by OUTLAWS - ours is 8 disks smaller!   
 ♦♦
   Install Notes:
         
   1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent                          
   2. Watch Unleashed.exe                                                   
   3. Run Setup.bat                                                         
   4. Start game with ZombieDriver.exe from Release folder                  
   5. Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                            
   Game also require OpenAL, which can be found in folder OpenAL ;)         
 ♦♦

     Unleashed salutes all friends of the family, contacts and competition! 

 ♦♦
  " We need disklimit expanded to 100x5mb! Contact us for setting new rules! "