Compton's own the Game (aka Hurricane Game) issued his debut LP, The Documentary, in 2004 through Aftermath/G Unit/Universal. With everyone from Dr. Dre and 50 Cent to Nate Dogg, Kanye West, and Just Blaze contributing to the album, The Documentary made it clear from the outset that geographic squabbles weren't a part of the Game's agenda. Rapping hadn't been at first, either. Having gotten involved in the drug trade after a rough childhood, it took being shot during a home invasion to cause an epiphany in the Game. Inspired by N.W.A, The Chronic, Doggystyle, and classic albums from 2Pac, the Notorious B.I.G., and Jay-Z, the Game began rapping in 2001 and never looked back. His barbed and bold freestyles caught the ear of Dre, who signed him to Aftermath in 2003 and executive produced his debut. It was delayed a few times, but The Documentary finally dropped in January 2005. Soon the Game and 50 Cent were at war over the former's reluctance to beef with any and every enemy of G-Unit. Freestyles and mixtapes were spawned in amazing amounts from both sides, and every time a truce seemed possible, things fell apart at the last minute. Dr. Dre was stuck in the middle, and while he never publicly denounced the Game, he passed on working with the rapper for his next effort. Despite Dre's absence, the Game's sophomore release kept its original title of Doctor's Advocate when it was released in late 2006. Two years later, LAX was released. With fewer mentions of Dr. Dre and 50 Cent, the uneven album found the rapper moving on from his previous obsessions. After periods of retirement talk, the MC had a change of heart and recorded The R.E.D. Album

TRACK LIST:

01.Cigar Music 2 (Feat. Rick Ross)
02.Bang Along
03.Champion
04.On The Block (Feat. Snoop Dogg)
05.Better On The Other Side (Feat. Chris Brown, Diddy, Polow Da Don, Usher, Mario Winans, Boyz 2 Men)
06.Creepin' (Solo) Remix
07.Flashback Memories (Feat. Raekwon)
08.Blood Respect (Feat. Germ Ghee)
09.Follow Me Home (Feat. Jay Rock)
10.Stand Over There (Remix) (Feat. Maino, Mahagani)
11.Watch How You Talk (Feat. Busta Rhymes, Raekwon, Uncle Murda)
12.Put It In The Air (Feat. Nevada)
13.No Love (Feat. Twista)
14.Mafia Music (Remix) (Feat. Rick Ross, Ja Rule, Fat Joe)
15.Where You At (Feat. Lil Wayne)

Another BluENukE exclusive... you requested i came through for you keep requests coming my way I'll keep filling them