

FL Studio is a Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) for Windows PCs (or Intel Mac/ 
Bootcamp). With a full feature-set and aggressive pricing (inc. lifetime free updates), FL Studio may be your ideal DAW!
FL Studio can be used as a scratchpad for your ideas or to produce completely mastered tracks ready for publication. It's up to you! 

Chief Software Architect, Didier Dambrin has realized his vision of creating an open-architecture virtual studio environment where the only constraint on the users is their own imagination. This philosophy is reflected in FL Studio 8?s flexible audio and control data routing, free-form Playlist design and interoperability with industry standards (VST/VSTi/VST2, DXi, DXi2, Buzz, ReWire, MIDI, MP3, WAV, OGG). Didier notes ?We don't try to protect our data & come up with new formats only for marketing reasons. We use existing standards as much as possible, and allow FL Studio to be used as a plugin in other hosts?. In version 8, particular emphasis has been given to improved workflow through enhanced interface design, so that ideas can be crystallized and creativity captured. 


New Features in FL Studio 8

FL Engine/Interface
Cleartype not forced on anymore for mixer labels for Win9X platforms (and there was much rejoicing!). 
Added recording filter (right-click record button). Choose to record Audio, Automation or Note data independently. 
Menu icons replaced by global down arrows for a more consistent GUI. 
New spectral view in monitor panel. 
Event automation now displayed in pattern clips. 
Channels in piano roll channel selector are now sorted by channel group. 
New list of available patterns when right-clicking the pattern selector. 
Patterns named '-pattern name' now act as separators in lists. 
Added mouse wheel support to popup menus & combo selectors. 
Added plugin interface thumbnail pictures to project browser (manual process to add) . 
Generator smart disable is now compatible with threaded rendering. 
Added OGG Vorbis rendering (open source compressed audio format). 
Some FL plugins now support .ogg format audio. 
Never lose a keyboard performance. The new score logger records all MIDI activity from controller keyboards and the 'typing-piano keyboard' in a 3 minute buffer. 
Updated MP3 codec (LAME 3.97). 
One-click audio recording now prompts to record in Edison. 
Default audio device changed to ASIO4ALL. 
Sinc interpolator now faster (64point sinc now usable real-time if you have a fast CPU). 
FL Studio can permanently learn and remember links to external controllers. The new 'multilink' function + 'Override generic links' option. 
Tweaking controls on VST(i)s now show a hint message in FL's hint bar (when possible). 
Rendering with latency compensation. 
Introducing FL-chan in wallpapers.



1. Install FL with the installer. (Do Not Launch!)
2. Register FLRegkey (click 2 times and answer yes)
3. Put FLengine.dll in the directory where you installed FL  (should be somewhere in C:/Program Files/Image-Line/Fl Studio 8)
4. Launch FL and have fun ;)


