Introduction   Newcomer's Introduction: A quick guide to what Free-Energy is all about, explaining the basics.  

Chapter 1   Magnet Power: Introduction, Contents, Overview, COP, the Wang magnet motor, Bedini magnet motor, Ecklin-Brown magnetic generator, the Phi Transformer, John Reardon's Lenz-less rotor, Howard Johnson magnet motor, Carousel magnet motor, Robert Tracy magnet motor, Ben Teal electromagnetic motor, Jines magnet motor, Stephen Kundel's magnet motor, Charles Flynn's magnet motor, the Steorn magnet motor, the Asymmetrical magnet motor, the Muammer Yildiz magnet motor patent, David Cunningham's magnet motor, Emil Hartman's magnetic track, Howard Johnson's magnetic track, Graham Clarke's Magnetic track, James Roney's shielded stator magnets, the shielded twin-rotor idea, Don Kelly's magnet motor patent and the Perendev Magnet Motor. size 2.9 Mb, 4 May 2010

Chapter 2   Moving Pulsed Systems: The Adams motor, Harold Aspden's modifications of the Adams motor, Raymond Kromrey's No-drag Generator, Teruo Kawai's motor, self-powered 800 watt generator, the Muller motor, the RotoVerter, Raoul Hatem's free-energy rotor system, Phil Wood's energy pick-up, Phil Wood's DC motor RotoVerter modification, the David Kousoulides energy pick-up, thyristor testing circuit and alternator design details from Prof. Kevin Sullivan. size 1.7 Mb, 7 May 2010 

Chapter 3   Motionless Pulsed Systems: Graham Gunderson's Solid-state Electric Generator, Charles Flynn's magnetic power enhancement system, Lawrence Tseung's magnetic frame, the Richard Willis COP>1 generator, TheGuru2You's self-powered electrical generator, Floyd Sweet's VTA, Dan Davidson's acoustic generator, the Pavel Imris optical amplifier, Michael Ognyanov's self-powered power pack, the Meyer-Mace Isotopic Generator, the Colman/Seddon-Gilliespie generator, Hans Coler's passive device, Don Smith's "Resonance Energy Methods", Kwang-jeek Lee's power amplification system, Tariel Kapaladze's self-powered electrical generator and Meguer Kalfaian's Electron-spin power generator. size 1.7 Mb, 28 Apr 2010 

Chapter 4   Gravitational Pulsed Systems: Lawrence Tseung's pulsed wheel, Chas Campbell's pulsed flywheel, John Bedini's pulsed flywheel, the water-jet generator, the Magnetic Pendulum, Johann Bessler's gravity wheel, the Dale Simpson gravity wheel, the Veljko Milkovic pendulum/lever system, the Dale Simpson hinged-plate system, the Murilo Luciano gravity chain and Ivan Monk's Rotary Power Unit. size 1 Mb, 20 Mar 2010 

Chapter 5   Energy-Tapping Pulsed Systems: Frank Prentice's electrical power accumulator, Dave Lawton's cold electricity water-splitter cell, John Bedini's pulsed battery charger, the Tesla Switch, Dave Lawton's cold electricity lightbulb, Bob Boyce's COP=12 energy tapping toroid, Don Smith's devices, Steven Mark's TPU, comments from Jack Durban on Steven's TPU, a Nikola Tesla patent, the Ed Gray power tube, Radiant Energy waves, Nikola Tesla's experiments, Don Smith information, the Alberto Molina-Martinez generator, Alfred Hubbard's device, Joseph Cater's device, Floyd Sweet's VTA, Collapsing Field Technology generators and Rosemary Ainslie's heater design. size 1.5 Mb, 17 Apr 2010

Chapter 6   Battery-Charging Pulsed Systems: John Bedini's pulsed systems, battery information from Ronald Knight, Ron Pugh's battery charger build, a self-charging battery pulser, the fan pulse charger, the automotive pulse charger, the self-charging motor, the Alexkor battery charger, the one-battery pulse charger and the Tesla Switch. size 832 Kb, 7 May 2010

Chapter 7   Aerial Systems: Nikola Tesla's system, Thomas Henry Moray's system, Moray King's circuit suggestions, Hermann Plauston's systems, Roy Meyer's device and Raymond Phillips' RF to DC aerial system. size 342 Kb, 18 Jun 2009

Chapter 8   Fuel-less Engines: The energy in air, Bob Teal's compressed air engine, Scott Robertson's thoughts on putting low-pressure air into a tank of high-pressure air, the Leroy Rogers compressed-air vehicle engine adaption, the Vortex Tube, the Eber Van Valkinberg compressed fluids engine, the Clem engine, Vortex analysis by Prof. Evert, the Josef Papp engine, the Robert Britt engine, the Michael Eskeli turbines, the water-jet generator and the Cahill / Scott generator. size 1.7 Mb, 26 Feb 2009 

Chapter 9   Passive Systems: Hans Coler's device, Thomas Trawoeger's pyramid, Karel Drbal's pyramid, James Brock's pyramids, Verne Cameron's pyramid transmission technique, the Pancake coil, Peter Grandic's patent, Les Brown's pyramid information, the Joe Cell, Bill Williams' design and recent analytical advances and co-ax cable electrets. size 599 Kb, 5 Feb 2010 

Chapter 10   Vehicle Systems: The HydroStar and HydroGen designs, running an engine on water alone, Hydroxy Boosters, electrolyser design, Pulse Width Modulation current control, Dave Lawton's replication of Stan Meyer's Water Fuel Cell water-splitter, Dave Lawton's circuits and construction details, pipe-tuning details, Dr Cramton's low-power water-splitting, Stan Meyer's water injection system, Peter Lowrie's hydroxy system, mpg improvement through cam timing, the Firestorm spark plug, Ted Ewert's Vortex Turbine, Water Vapour Injection systems, the Ram Implosion Wing, Fuelsavers, high mpg carburettors, Vortex fuel reformers and the weird nature of water. size 1.4 Mb, 26 Mar 2010 

Chapter 11  Other Devices: Nikola Tesla's power from air system, Dr. Harold Apsden's Electrical Power Generating Apparatus patent, Our Energy Future, Paulo and Alexandra Correa's conversion of Longitudinal Electromagnetic Waves to ordinary electricity, Prof. Constantin Meyl's scalar wave information, Nikola Tesla's MHD device, the effects of the Zero-Point Energy field, John R. R, Searle's self-powered garvitational device, construction details for Dave Lawton's gravity wave detector, the Butch Lafonte motor/generator, the Joseph Newman motor, the differences between Maxwell and Heaviside, Daniel Cook's electrical generator, Michael Eskeli's work-free heater design, Karl Schapeller's Device, Condensation-induced water hammer, William Hyde's COP=10 electrostatic power generator and David Wells' weather control machine. size 1.5 Mb, 18 May 2010 

Chapter 12   Electronics Tutorial: Simple descriptions of Voltage, resistors, capacitors, current flow, multimeters, transistor circuits, sensor systems, relays, diodes, transistor testing circuits, Power Supply Units, AC, DC, rectification, the SCR, the triac, the opto-isolator, LEDs, chokes, transformers, the Schmitt Trigger, solenoids, RF detection, coil impedance, the diode bridge, multivibrators, inverters, truth tables, the 7414 chip, NAND gates, latches, bistables, gating, the 4093 chip, prototype construction, the 4011, the Darlington pair, using a gate as an amplifier, the 555 chip, the 741 chip, op-amps and comparators, the CD4022BC chip, the CD4017B with divide-by-25 example, AC current in coils, resonance, constructing prototypes, test equipment and how to build it, and 'the weird stuff'. size 802 Kb, 7 May 2010 

Chapter 13   Doubtful Devices: Paul Baumann's Thestatika, Michael Faraday's Homopolar Generator (or the N-Machine), the Romag and Mini-Romag, Cold Fusion, Moller's Atomic Hydrogen Generator, Muammer Yildiz's 'Ocean Star' electrical generator, Jesse McQueen's 'Internal Energy-generating Power Source', the 'D18' Nitro Cell, the HydroStar and HydroGen systems, Hydrogen from Aluminium, Francois Cornish's system, Ultrasonic Water-splitting, Tom Bearden's Motionless Electromagnetic Generator, Dave Lawton's assymetric MEG and Valeri Ivanov's Motionless Generator. size 689 Kb, 28 Dec 2009 

Chapter 14   Renewable-Energy Devices: Efficient solid-fuel burners, Stan Meyer's hydroxy gas burner system, the Kim heaters, the Eugene Frenette heater, the Eugene Perkins heater, the multi-disc heater, the Peter Davey heater, the simple home-build windmill design from Dan Bartmann and Dan Fink, Frank Herbert's high-efficiency windmill, the 'Power Plant for Caravans' from Claude Mead and William Holmes, the easy-build Solar Funnel cooker, water and milk pasteurisation, the Solar Funnel as a Cooler, the Solar Puddle, the 'Easy-Lid Cooker', drinking water systems, solar sills, Elmer Grimes' high-volume drinking water from air, the Chalice Courneya water from air system, Toribio Bellocq's well-pumping system, Richard Dickinson's well-pumping system, Arthur Bentley's well-pumping system, the self-powered Ram Pump, wave power systems, solar icemaking, Einstein's refrigeration through heating and solar panels. size 1.4 Mb, 2 Jan 2010 

Chapter 15   The Time Available: The time limits set by coming world events, the Astronomical situation, the New World Order people's economic attack, the New World Order people's biological attack, a Home-Made medical remedy, the Big Picture and the Restore America Plan. size 895 Kb, 18 Apr 2010 

Questions and Answers   A selection of questions asked by readers. size 260 Kb, 21 Feb 2010 

The last few updates to the eBook are listed here.

Appendix Part 1 The Appendix is part of the eBook and is normally downloaded with it. However, there have been one or two requests for it to be available as a separate download, so here is Part 1 which is 4 Mb in size and which contains a table of wire sizes, their diameter, current-carrying capacity, frequency limits, etc. Also, Frank Fecera’s permanent magnet motor patent, Howard Johnson’s permanent magnet motor patent, Harold Ewing’s Carousel permanent magnet-generator patent, the Pavel Imris minimal power lighting system patent, the Colman/Seddon-Gillespie 70-year battery patent, the Jon Sok An Lenz-less electrical generator patent, the Molina Martinez self-powered electrical generator patent, Michael Ognyanov’s solid-state electrical generator patent, Edwin Gray’s electric motor patent, Edwin Gray’s electric power supply patent, the Adams-Aspden electrical motor-generator patent, William Barbat’s self-powered electrical generator patent, John Reardon’s AC generator patent, Geoffrey Spence’s self-powered electrical generator patent, Robert Alexander’s COP = 2.93 electrical generator patent, Shigeaki Hayasaka’s electrical generator patent, Larry Jamison’s electrical generator patent application, Teruo Kawai’s COP>1 electric motor patent, Joseph Newman’s Energy Generator patent, Philip Brody’s very high output ceramic solar devices patent, Charles Flynn’s controlled magnetic devices patent, the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator patent, Dan Davidson’s acoustic-magnetic electrical generator patent, John Bedini’s battery-charging patent, John Bedini’s motor-generator patent and John Bedini’s pulse-charging system patent. 


Appendix Part 2 Size 8 MB, containing Richard Weir and Carl Nelson’s battery replacement patent, Hermann Plauston’s aerial power systems patent, Roy Meyers’ Electricity-producing device patent, Paulo and Alexandra Correa’s free-electricity patent, Paulo and Alexandra Correa’s energy conversion patent, the Mead-Nachamkin ZPE to electricity conversion patent, Stanley Meyer’s Water Fuel patent 4,936,961, Stanley Meyer’s hydrogen injection system for vehicles patent 4,389,981 Stanley Meyer’s hydrogen gas burner patent 4,421,474 Stanley Meyer’s hydrogen generation and enhancement patent 5,149,407 Stanley Meyer’s water fuel generator patent CA 2,067,735 Stanley Meyer’s WFC control circuitry patent WO 92/07861, Stephen Meyer’s water-splitting patent application 2005/0246059, Henry Puharich’s water-splitting patent 4,392,230, Shigeta Hasebe’s spiral electrolyser patent, Stephen Chambers’ hydroxy generator patent (Xogen Power Inc.), Charles Garrett’s water carburettor patent, Archie Blue’s electrolyser patent, Ruggero Santilli’s plasma arc electrolysis patent, Chak Chang’s low-voltage low-temperature plasma patent application, Juan Aguero’s water-engine patent application, Stephen Horvath’s water-powered car patent, Christopher Eccles’ water-splitting cell patent, Spiro Spiros’ COP>1 electrolyser patent, Henry Paine’s hydroxy gas conversion patent, Boris Volfson’s gravity drive patent, Charles Pogue’s first high-mpg carburettor patent, Charles Pogue’s second high-mpg carburettor patent, Charles Pogue’s third high-mpg carburettor patent, Ivor Newberry’s high-mpg carburettor patent, Robert Shelton’s high-mpg carburettor patent, Harold Schwartz’s high-mpg carburettor patent, Oliver Tucker’s high-mpg carburettor patent, Thomas Ogle’s high-mpg carburettor patent, Stephen Kundel’s permanent magnet motor, Charles Flynn’s permanent magnet motor, Claude Mead and William Holmes’ wind power storage system, Richard Willis' COP>>1 electrical generator, Mark McKay's investigation into Edwin Gray's technology, Web links to Scientific Papers and videos. 




eBooks:

Sir Oliver Lodge "Modern Views of Electricity" : an exceptional book on electricity, magnetism, electrostatics, radiation, etc." size 27 Mb. 

Sir Oliver Lodge "The Ether of Space" a book which gives an in-depth coverage of the subject." size 9 Mb. 

Sir Oliver Lodge "The Nature and Properties of Negative Electricity" a 230-page book by a talented man who was among other things a Fellow of the Royal Society and Professor of Physics of University College, Liverpool." size 22 Mb.


Don Smith: A document from Donald Lee Smith showing several of his many multi-kilowatt free-energy devices (updated 11th April 2010). size 6 Mb.

Dr Aspden: Physics Without Einstein by Dr. Harold Aspden size 13 Mb. 


Dr Aspden: Modern Aether Science by Dr. Harold Aspden size 7 Mb. 


Dr Aspden: Unified Physics by Dr. Harold Aspden size 10 Mb. 


Dr Valone: An introduction to the science of Tesla by Thomas Valone PhD size 14.5 Mb. 

Maurice Cottrell: An amazing description and analysis of electron spin and how it affects gravity, an explanation of the true structure of atoms, why neutrons are essential, what gravity is, how and why matters attracts, how permanent magnetism works, why iron is a magnetic material, the nature of dark matter, why galaxies are spiral in shape, why the centre of the Earth is hot, and why the Earth has a magnetic field. size 2.9 Mb.

Nikola Tesla: The Inventions, Researches and Writings of Nikola Tesla by Thomas Commerford Martin (500 pages) size 36 Mb.

Karl Schappeller: Cyril Davson's Book on Karl Schappeller "The Physics of the Primary State of Matter" size 48 Mb.         


Note: I would like to direct you to where you could buy Joseph Newman's important book, but as far as I am aware, it is not available at this time.
Newman Part 1: "The Energy Machine of Joseph Newman" size 18 Mb.

Newman Part 2: "The Energy Machine of Joseph Newman" size 20 Mb.

Newman Part 3: "The Energy Machine of Joseph Newman" size 15 Mb.

Newman Part 4: "The Energy Machine of Joseph Newman" size 14 Mb.

Newman Part 5: "The Energy Machine of Joseph Newman" size 32 Mb.
                

Donald A. Kelly: The 'Manual of Free Energy Devices and Systems' eBook by Donald A. Kelly, issued in 1991.   While this document is marked as 'Volume 2' it is likely that it should read 'Edition 2'. size 13 Mb. 


T. H. Moray: "The Sea of Energy in which the Earth Floats" fourth edition by Thomas Henry Moray size 402 Kb.

John Moray: "The Sea of Energy in which the Earth Floats" fifth edition by John Moray, the son of Thomas Henry Moray size 40 Mb. 


Dan Davidson: Shape Power - how shape is important in the conversion of ambient energy into more recognisable forms. size 5 Mb.

ZPower: "Zero Point Energy" from Reed N. Huish's website www.zpower.com which is dedicated to helping the world move to clean free-energy sources of practical power. size 1 Mb. 




Freeware pdf reader:
http://www.visagesoft.com/downloads/get.php/vspdfreader.exe



Free energy torrents:

Part 1:
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5591256/Free_energy_devices_and_inventions_part_1

Part 2:
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5591290/Free_energy_devices_and_inventions_part_2

Part 3:
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5598075/Free_energy_devices_and_inventions_part_3

Part 4:
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5598657/Free_energy_devices_and_inventions_part_4

Part 5:
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5599765/Free_energy_devices_and_inventions_part_5



