Read First!

This torrent consists of free downloadable material and credits goes to the Forgotten Hope Modding Team - www.fhmod.org for the Mod and for the Pathes credits goes to Electronic Arts.

I will not take responsibility for any harm or loss that may be caused by this torrent

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Forgotten Hope

Forgotten Hope is a modification for Battlefield 1942 that concentrates on adding both a more realistic and more enjoyable playing experience than the original BF1942 and includes many new specially designed custom maps to play in.

The mod includes over 250 new pieces of authentic equipment (more than any other Second World War FPS), with tanks such as the mighty Russian IS-2 heavy tank and the diminutive Japanese Ha-Go light tank, aircraft from the rugged American P47 Thunderbolt to the antiquated British Fairey Swordfish biplane, warships such as the British Ark Royal aircraft carrier and the German Battleship Tirpitz and weapons including the powerful German Panzerfausts and the fearsome Russian PPSh-41 submachine gun.

New gameplay elements include a pilot class, which is now the only class equipped with a parachute, these can be found as pickup kits near most aircraft. There are also kits that contain deployable heavy machine guns, which can be setup anywhere on the map to create defensive strongpoints. Tank combat is greatly enhanced by a specially designed armour code, which determines how much armour anti-tank shells can penetrate, making it advantageous to outflank tanks to attack their weak rear armour. There are also towed anti-tank and anti-aircraft guns, these can be driven to a hidden ambush point then deployed to surprise the enemy.

The infantry class system has also been altered for more realistic and tactical gameplay, most maps will now allow you to choose from close quarters (an SMG armed soldier), assault (a rifleman who can use special rifle grenades), support (armed with a light machine gun), anti-tank (armed with an anti-tank weapon such as the bazooka) and officer (who can act as a spotter for artillery weapons and has an SMG). Sniper kits can now only be found spread around the maps, usually in special sniper hides. There are also paratrooper kits for certain maps that call for them, such as falschrimjager for the invasion of Crete.

All these features are implemented in a historically accurate way, so you won’t find the King Tiger on a map set in 1940. Speaking of maps, we also have many new custom maps (more maps than came with BF9142 infact) in addition to modified versions of some of the more popular original maps. The game also includes a new army, the Polish forces, and the French and Italian armies are also currently being implemented. In the future you can expect a host of new features, such as artillery batteries and flame based weapons along with even more accurate equipment for all armies.

So whether you like house to house fighting in Stalingrad, tank battles in the Tunisian desert or dogfights in skies over southern England – Forgotten Hope has something for you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Forgotten Hope 2

Forgotten Hope 2 is a World War II modification for Battlefield 2 and is based on the original Forgotten Hope, a modification for Battlefield 1942, one of the most popular multiplayer games ever. Battlefield 1942 featured land, sea and air combat in a way never before seen. It was the goal of the development team to maximize the game experience by adding both a realistic and enjoyable gameplay to FH and the same goes for FH2  in the future.

With over 250 new pieces of authentic equipment, with tanks such as the mighty Russian IS-2 heavy tank and the diminutive Japanese Ha-Go light tank, aircraft from the rugged American P47 Thunderbolt to the antiquated British Fairey Swordfish biplane, warships such as the British Ark Royal aircraft carrier and the German Battleship Tirpitz and weapons including the powerful German Panzerfausts and the fearsome Russian PPSh-41 submachine gun, Forgotten Hope has a wider scope than any other Second World War First Person Shooter, ever.

But the war is far from over. With the release of Electronic Arts Battlefield 2, the development potential has increased a lot. An all-new game engine and physics system brings the battlefield to life like never before. The new material penetration feature measures weapons’ ability to fire through barriers based on their composition and players will need to know the difference between concealment and cover in order to survive. Immense, richly detailed, destructible environments, from city streets to remote forests, brought to you with brilliant graphics are more features of Battlefield 2, to name a few. And we are going to bring all this to the Second World War.

You will be given the chance to take part in maybe the most important campaign of World War II. Fight on the side of the British forces to give the already forgotten hope back to your countrymen after the mortifying defeat at Dunkirk and the never ending German air raids. Or join the German Army in their drive to gain control over the Suez Canal and steal the last chance of the Allies to win the war and disrupt any strategic plans for building up bases to launch attacks on the "soft underbelly of Europe".

Whatever the side you choose you will have an almost endless armory at your disposal. Your weaponry will reach from knives to heavy machine guns to anti-tank rifles, your equipment will contain everything from the first aid kit to magnetic hollow charges, your motor pool will offer any type of vehicle whether you want to drive scout cars, tanks or self propelled artillery. Your airfields will give you the chance to pilot bombers and fighters and your dockyards will provide your naval fleet with an armada beginning with submarines and ending with an aircraft carrier.

Fight on ancient battlegrounds like El Alamein or Tobruk. Forgotten Hope 2 will also offer different gamemodes for different situations - in addition to the standard Head-on and Assault maps Battlefield is famous for, you will also need to destroy or defend strategic resources and equipment in Objective-mode play.

So whether you like house to house fighting in Stalingrad, tank battles in the Tunisian desert or dogfights in skies over southern England – Forgotten Hope 2 will have something for you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Install:

For Battlefield 1942 (Forgotten Hope v0.07)

1. Install the v1.6.19 patch
2. Install the v.1.61b patch
3. Install all the three Forgotten Hope v0.07 files
4. Play

For Battlefield 2 (Forgotten Hope 2 v2.2 / v2.25)

1. Install the v1.41 patch
2. Install the v1.50 patch
3. Install all the two Forgotten Hope 2 v2.2 files
4. Install the Forgotten Hope 2 v2.25 patch
5. Play

All necessary files are included to get Forgotten Hope to work for both games.

After instaling Battlefield 2 v1.50 Patch you dont need a CD.


