Although space is a virtual vacuum, this does not mean there is no sound in space. Sound does exist as electromagnetic vibrations. The specially designed instruments on board the various space probes used Plasma Wave antenna to record the vibrations used here, all within the range of human hearing (20-20,000 CPS)

Each planet, moon and ring system has a distinctive "musical" pattern. Listening to this unusual recording has a mysteriously relaxing effect. After a long hard day, you can bring your brainwaves into a slower and meditative state.

In 1989, Dr. Jeffrey D. Thompson, D.C., B.F.A. was approached by representatives working with NASA and JPL to explore a series of powerful recordings which the Voyager I & II Spacecraft had sent back from Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. These recordings seemed to be having a profound effect on the scientists and researchers who were exposed to them. Dr. Thompson was approached as an expert in the field of sound and healing, and especially in his work with "Primordial Sounds.” Primordial sounds are human body sounds and nature sounds formatted in special ways to cause a deep response in the subconscious mind. These are extremely useful in all levels of healing. Could the space sounds actually be Primordial Sounds, also – from outer space but strangely familiar to us?

Prepare yourself to experience the real "Music of the Spheres" when you listen to the sampling of the eleven different CDs in this series. These beautiful and mysterious recordings will touch primordial and mystical chords in the heart of your subconscious and intone the connection of your body*heart*mind*spirit with the larger body*heart*mind*spirit of the Universe.

Interactions between the Solar Wind and the planets, moons and rings of our Solar System create "Soundscapes" of frequencies in the plasma energy "Ocean" that fills the void of space. Each planet, moon and ring system has a distinctive "musical" pattern. In putting samplings of each on this CD, Dr. Jeffrey Thompson, DC, B.F.A enables us to hear what can rightly be called "Celestial Love Songs." It is beautiful and powerful!

Selections from the "NASA Space Sounds" series include the following:

Voice of Earth
Rings of Uranus
Saturn's Rings
Saturn
Neptune
Uranus
Jupiter
Miranda
Sphere of IO
Song of Earth