(Part 13 of 26): Mature Ladies
Sex in London city: 
Graphic art on prostitutes’ calling cards in London Telephone boxes

Joe, an American, is on a one year working stint in London. He is 
intelligent and cultured and he is also fascinated by tart cards 
and visits prostitutes. He will send 26 emails to his intimate 
friend Jack, back in the US. Joe’s emails refer to cultural events, 
his girl friends, prostitutes and background information on 
tart cards and London prostitution in general.
 
The emails will span January to December 2009,and will refer to events
(theatre, cinema, exhibitions) that will occur in this year. The
graphics-heavy story combines text with reduced size copies of about 30
selected tart cards for each chapter, bringing the total to about 800
different cards. Actual phone numbers were removed. Each chapter 
starts with a humorous sketch relevant to the subject at hand.

Tart cards are an English metropolitan phenomenon, mostly unknown in 
provincial England or abroad. On moral grounds, tart cards would be
unacceptable in many European cities and certainly in North America.  
However, there is academic interest in these cards and major British 
institutions collect them for further analysis/interpretation of the current 
sociological environment.

It is likely that the posting of tart cards will be outlawed; making the
sprouting of tart cards in phone boxes a 20 year culture-sociological event
that warrants documentation and analysis.

Each email focuses on a special sexual variation, with a short description
of a visit to a prostitute engaged in that variation and a more general 
discussion of it:

Blondes;
Pretty bum;
Water sports; 
School girls; 
Adult babies; 
Nationalities (cards from girls of 30 different nationalities); 
First names (Out of about 200 different names 30 are selected); 
Anal sex; 
Escorts and high class prostitutes; 
Domination, humiliation,
torture; Uniforms and fantasies; 
Leather and PVC; 
Nurses, enemas, injections;
Body to body massages; 
Mature ladies; 
Submissive girls (asking to be spanked);
Black girls; 
Big breasted girls (with daring pictures); 
Kinky sex exploring the unconventional; 
Transsexuals; Transvestites; 
And as an epilogue: tart cards on themes in which the hero (Joe) has no  
particular interest: 
lesbians, gays and special Christmas cards.

Joe also writes in more detail about themes he either found out about or
which he is retelling having heard them from others. 

These are: 
Domination (discipline,fetish, bondage, training, torture, complete dungeon
equipment, parties); 
history and means of girls advertising; 
how to meet and negotiate with a prostitute, including useful tips; 
design, creation and distribution of tart cards; 
unmentionable words on the cards; 
prostitutes’ establishments (parlours, escort agencies, clip joints,
walk-ups, luxury flats, street walkers); 
Poppy project analysis on number of London sex establishments, 
distribution by nationalities etc;

A dictionary of terms is included at the end of the publication.

previous messages:
It's massively educational. It answers loads of questions "normal" folk too
shy to ask. Thanks, Andrei
Keep up the good work. Tom
Can't wait for the next part, Vitali
