Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


A live performance by Beyonce - Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It) from the 2009 VMA's.


"Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" is a song by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles, composed by Christopher Stewart, Terius Nash, Kuk Harrell and Knowles for her third solo album, I Am… Sasha Fierce. The song was released as the album's second single after her worldwide hit "If I Were a Boy", and was a critical and commercial success, becoming Knowles's fifth solo song to peak at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, and peaking in the top ten in various countries.

The song gained popularity for its catchy hook and theme of female empowerment, and it was ranked number one on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the Best 100 Singles of 2008[3] and number two on MTV's list of the Best Songs of 2008. The choreography-driven video achieved great success, prompting a legion of imitations and parodies, and, according to Rick Sznajder of the Toronto Star became known for starting the first major dance craze of the millennium and of the internet.

On August 4, 2009 the song's music video was nominated for a total of 9 MTV Video Music Awards, breaking the record for most nominations for a single music video. The video won at the 2009 MTV Video Music Award in three categories, including the Video of the Year award, as well as racking up the same accolade at the 2009 BET Award. It is also nominated for Best Video at the 2009 MTV Europe Music Awards.

As Knowles' fifth number one song, she is now tied with R&B singer Rihanna for most number one singles this decade by a solo female artist (excluding three of her number one hits with Destiny's Child from this decade). The song spent five non-consecutive weeks atop the Hot 100, becoming Knowles' second Christmas and New Year number-one single, the first one being "Irreplaceable" in 2006-2007. "Single Ladies" was also a crossover success, topping both the Hot Dance Club Play and Hot Dance Airplay charts. It was well received by an R&B audience, where it debuted at number 20 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and spent twelve consecutive weeks at the summit. It is Knowles' fifth number-one R&B single in her solo career.

I Am… Sasha Fierce is the third studio album by American R&B recording artist Beyoncé, first released on November 8, 2008 in Japan and later worldwide throughout November and December from Columbia Records. The album reached the top ten on thirty-two charts worldwide. It debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, making Knowles the third female artist this decade to have her first three albums debut in the top spot, with first two artists being Britney Spears and Alicia Keys. The album has been certified double platinum by the RIAA.

A remixed version of the album Above and Beyoncé, was released on June 16, 2009 featuring a CD of dance remixes and DVD of music videos. In September 2009, a platinum edition of the album is scheduled for release featuring all of the songs from the deluxe edition plus the bonus tracks and a DVD videography of all of the music videos from the album.

So far the album has spawned four successful worldwide hits, "If I Were a Boy", "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Halo" and "Sweet Dreams". "Broken-Hearted Girl" has been chosen as the fifth worldwide single. Two U.S. only singles "Diva" and "Ego" were also released and received moderate success. A third US only single "Video Phone" was released in September 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

