one of my all time favorite albums i was in the crowd that night at the chicgo amphitheatre 

UFO - Strangers In The Night (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 /16 files 

Category  Rock/Pop, Heavy Metal, Pop, Live Performances, Hard Rock, Rock 
Label  Chrysalis 
Orig Year  1979 
All Time Sales Rank    51025   
CD Universe Part number  7681264 
Catalog number  14565 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Jul 08, 2008 
Studio/Live  Live 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Personnel  Michael Schenker - guitar
Paul Raymond - vocals, guitars, keyboards
Andy Parker - drums
Phil Mogg - vocals
Pete Way - bass guitar
 
 1. Natural Thing    
 2. Out in the Street    
 3. Only You Can Rock Me  
 4. Doctor Doctor    
 5. Mother Mary    
 6. This Kids    
 7. Love to Love    
 8. Lights Out  
 9. Rock Bottom  
 10. Too Hot to Handle    
 11. I'm a Loser    
 12. Let It Roll  
 13. Shoot Shoot   


Recorded live at The Amphitheatre, Chicago, Illinois; The Gardens, Louisville, Kentucky and in Youngstown, Ohio. Includes liner notes by Jon Sutherland.

One of the premier live rock albums of the '70s, STRANGERS features a band at its ...    Full Descriptionpeak performing all its hits and fan favorites. The album was recorded during two nights in Ohio in 1978, when the band opened for Blue Oyster Cult. This reissue features remastered sound, extended liner notes, and the correct track sequencing.

The album's two bonus tracks, "Hot 'N' Ready" and "Cherry," get the album started in supreme hard-rock fashion. "Out in the Street" shows why Phil Mogg is overlooked as one of the premier hard-rock vocalists of his era, while "Only You Can Rock Me" features the guitar prowess of Michael Schenker. "Doctor Doctor" is probably the band's most well-known song, and this live version is more powerful than the studio original. The same can be said of "Lights Out," the title track of the band's most successful album. The band comes together and kicks it hard on the thunderous "Rock Bottom." Combining elements of metal, hard rock, and progressive rock, UFO's well-crafted compositions are every bit as good as those of lauded peers like Blue Oyster Cult and Thin Lizzy.

Digitally remastered by Bob Norberg (Capitol Mastering).
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce
