Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"In Your Room" is a 1988 song by American rock group The Bangles, written by Susanna Hoffs, Tom Kelly and Billy Steinberg. The song was released as the first single from the band's third album, Everything. It reached the top five of the U.S. singles chart, and also charted in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.

According to songwriter Billy Steinberg, "In Your Room" was written in the same batch of songs as "Eternal Flame". Steinberg recalled, "[The Bangles] liked everything from Petula Clark to The Beatles and all the Sixties music they loved. So when we got together to write with Susannah it was right up our alley because of course Tom and I grew up in the sixties and that was what we loved. So we had that in common with Susannah". He added that the song's style was somewhat similar to "Mony Mony", the 1968 hit single by Tommy James and the Shondells.

Released in October 1988, "In Your Room" entered the Billboard Hot 100 the following month and peaked at number five in January. It reached number four on the Singles Sales chart, number nine on the Hot 100 Airplay chart, and number five on the Modern Rock chart. The song also peaked at number 11 in New Zealand, number 41 in Australia, and number 35 in the United Kingdom.

Allmusic writer Matthew Greenwald praised the band's rhythm section for the song's chorus and bridge sections, and noted that the song's lyrics were ideal for Hoffs' "kittenish sexuality". Rolling Stone writer Jim Freek said "In Your Room" was perhaps the band's best song to be released after their debut album.

Everything is a 1988 album by The Bangles.

Just like its predecessor, Everything also produced a #5 hit ("In Your Room"), and a #1 single, "Eternal Flame," which became a chart-topper in almost every major chart around the world, among its released singles.

The 2008 reissue CD on the Wounded Birds label (WOU 4056) adds a bonus track: "In Your Room" (12" Remix).

The Bangles are an American all-female band that originated in the early 1980s, scoring several hit singles during the decade.

Susanna Hoffs joined sisters Vicki and Debbi Peterson to form a band in Los Angeles in December, 1980. The trio briefly christened itself The Colours, then renamed itself The Supersonic Bangs, and shortly afterwards The Bangs. The band was part of the Los Angeles Paisley Underground scene, which featured groups that played a mixture of 1960s-influenced folk-rock and jangle pop with a more modern punk–ish/garage band undertone. In 1981, the threesome recorded and released a single ("Getting Out Of Hand" b/w "Call on Me") on DownKiddie Records (their own label). In 1982, the trio was signed to Faulty Products, a label formed by Miles Copeland.

The early Bangles line-up of Susanna Hoffs (vocals/guitars), Vicki Peterson (guitars/vocals), Debbi Peterson (vocals/drums) and Annette Zilinskas (vocals/bass) recorded an EP in 1982, and released the single "The Real World". A legal issue forced the band to change their name at the last minute so they dropped "The" and added the letters "les" to the end to become Bangles. Their first EP was retitled Bangles and released. In 1983, Faulty Products issued a 12 inch "remix" single of "The Real World" to radio and media, but another setback came as the label folded. I.R.S. Records picked up distribution and re-issued the EP. After Zilinskas left the band to focus on her own project Blood on the Saddle, she was replaced by Michael Steele, formerly of the all-girl band The Runaways, Toni & The Movers, Slow Children and Elton Duck.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/