Hi there..

Firstly I'd like to tell you about a new Christian site:
 
http://www.blazefire.org/

Registrations are open for a while. Safe, no ads, pure, non-denominational site.

Now about this upload:

As promised, I now finally put up this excellent movie as DVD-ISO, which means you can just (double?) -click on the finished file, and it'll mount and burn in any program you've got assigned for this on your computer. Which in turn makes it easier to watch it in the living-room with your family, or in an auditorium or church + you can just leave the file there, seeding, for others.. :-) I now give the word to a person I found on the net somewhere, namely

Jerry Parks, "USAToday", All-American Teacher, Lexington, Kentucky, USA:

"The Joseph story as it was meant to be told!

This account of the Joseph story is as good as it gets! I teach ancient history and civilisations, and have an earned doctorate in theology. I say this only to lend perspective to this review.

This film is Biblically accurate, well-acted, and the producer and director are to be praised for the sound Biblical research!

Although some of the sexually explicit (though historically accurate) scenes should be screened from the very young, this film is an ideal platform from which teens can search out characteristics of moral uprightness in a character of whom the Bible has not one negative thing to say!

Kingsley (as he did in 'Moses') steals the show, and Mercurio does an admirable job as Joseph. Only Leslie Ann Warren (Potipher's wife) seems to strain as an actor, nevertheless, her performance detracts little from the drama. Especially capable are the actors portraying Joseph's wicked brothers, with Vincenzo Nicoli sterling is his performance as the wicked Simeon.

Having watched the film dozens of times with adults--as well as with my middle-schoolers in the classroom, I can say that the greatest of Bible stories is captured in all its power, pathos, and glory. Although creating a few anachronistic vignettes (such as Joseph's 'foreshadowing' Christ's "My God, my God..." speech from the Egyptian prison), the film also captures all of the great ironies of the Joseph story.

When Mercurio tenderly reveals himself as the second most powerful man in the ancient world - to the brothers who hated him as a youth, the words 'I am Joseph' will not fail to bring even the most calloused heart to tears.

As my students synthesized the thirty or so characteristics of moral goodness extant in Joseph into an essay, one asked why no such heroes existed today. The question revealed both the effectiveness of this presentation, and the dearth of role models in our society.

'Joseph' is both gripping in narration, and brilliant its direction. It is faithful to Scripture and well-acted. It is THE finest of the TNT productions to date, of which only one was a failure. [Oh well.. V.]

Everyone will appreciate this wonderful story of forgiveness, but those those who are looking for the 'hidden things of Christ' cannot miss the poignant messianic threads which are so skillfully woven through the life of Joseph. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"

And so it is. Recommended by most people I know and respect, it's hereby yours..

Enjoy! :-)

Love from Verifire.
verifiremail@gmail.com

"Personally I've found the hope of deliverance and enlightenment through Yeshua Ha'Mashiach to be the greatest mystery and riddle, shrouded in the shadows of shame, but revealed to those who seek the Truth, no matter the cost."