Bank W.
A gifted songwriter, producer and vocalist, Banky has been able to connect with his fans on a personal level, creating an almostcult-like following worldwide. Born Olubankole Wellington in the
United States, he grew up in Lagos, where he began singing in his church choir at the age of eight. After completing secondary school, he moved to New York to attend college; earning a degree in Engineering. In college, Banky continued to pursue his passion for
music, singing, performing at talent shows, and working on his sound.
While still in college, he won the 'Albany Idol' competition, which catapulted him into the spotlight. He quickly became an in demand artist on the local music scene; performing alongside major acts on tour. He wowed audiences with his silky smooth voice building a loyal following; he established a record label as a platform to get his music to his fans and began work on an EP. 'Undeniable: The EP' was Banky's first release on E.M.E Records; it was sold online, at shows and out the trunk of their vehicles. The buzz around the album caught the ears of the executives at Fox 23 News New York who promptly dispatched a reporter with a camera crew to investigate the phenomenon sweeping the area. They were surprised it was a three person company executing a highly successful grassroots marketing campaign. The report became a two part special they aired leading to a distribution deal with TransWorld (Coconut's, Wherehouse Music, Spec's Music); one of North America's largest music distributors. It became one of the top selling independent records won him the 2003 R&B/Soul Artist of the Year at the Urban Independent Music Awards.
In 2005 'Back in the Buildin', an R&B/Soul album was released to critical acclaim; he had crafted a classic record and solidified his status as ground breaking artist. The album spawned the award winning song 'My Regret' and on the strength of this enduring single became an international icon. The awards and accolades followed with a US Songwriting Award, 2006 Nigerian Entertainment Award – R&B/Soul Artist of the Year and 2007 International Single of the Year to name a few. In 2006 he became the first African artist to win the prestigious world wide John Lennon Songwriting Award and signed a lucrative US Publishing deal. He has also been a featured artist on AOL and Cingular Wireless Hip Hop Superstar with MTV's Xzibit, numerous magazines covers, as well as touring North America Africa & Europe.
In 2008 he moved to Nigeria after the completion of his latest highly anticipated album 'Mr. Capable' with the sole mission of exposing African music to the world and bringing a high profile presence to the industry. On myspace, he has over one million song plays which is a tremendous feat for an independent act. Never before has an artist of this stature, acclaim and talent from the West decided to come back home. And with the world watching he is set to unleash this masterpiece of African influenced music to a world desperate to hear him; it will never be
the same.