An unusually long pre-credits sequence establishes the roots of faded Southern belle Charlotte's (Bette Davis) insanity; she'd been witness to the dismemberment murder of her fiance (Bruce Dern) and the suicide of the murderer, her own father (Victor Buono). Years later, Charlotte remains a recluse in her decaying southern mansion, zealously guarding the secret of her father's guilt; she is cared for by her slatternly housekeeper (Agnes Moorehead). When her house is targeted for demolition, Charlotte fears that this will uncover her lover's body parts and thus confirm that her father was a murderer. She desperately summons her seemingly sweet-tempered cousin Miriam (Olivia De Havilland) to help her fight off the house's destruction. Miriam brings along the family doctor (Joseph Cotten) to calm Charlotte's frayed nerves. When Charlotte begins to be plagued by horrific visions of the homicide/suicide of so long ago, it appears that she has gone completely insane. But soon we learn who is behind these delusions...and why. Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte was intended by director Robert Aldrich as a follow-up to the successful Joan Crawford/Bette Davis horror piece Whatever Happened to Baby Jane (1962). Ms. Crawford was originally slated to play Miriam, but became seriously ill shortly before filming started. Davis, who disliked Crawford intensely, suggested that the role of Miriam be filled by her best friend, De Havilland. On the first day of shooting, Davis and DeHavilland pulled a "Ding Dong the Witch is Dead" routine by toasting one another with Coca-Cola--a catty observation of the fact that Joan Crawford's husband was an executive with the Pepsi Cola company!

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058213/



Subs:


 
http://www.opensubtitles.org/en/search/sublanguageid-all/idmovie-14749



Awards:
Nominated for 7 Oscars. Another 5 wins



Director:
Robert Aldrich




	Bette Davis	... 	Charlotte

	Olivia de Havilland	... 	Miriam (as Olivia deHavilland)
	Joseph Cotten	... 	Drew

	Agnes Moorehead	... 	Velma
	Cecil Kellaway	... 	Harry




Video
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : Streaming Video@L1
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Custom
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 2h 12mn
      Bit rate : 782 Kbps
      Width : 640 pixels
      Height : 480 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4/3
      Frame rate : 23.976 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.106
      Stream size : 743 MiB (92%)
      Writing library : XviD 50
   Audio
      Format : MPEG Audio
      Format version : Version 1
      Format profile : Layer 3
      Codec ID : 55
      Codec ID/Hint : MP3
      Duration : 2h 12mn
      Bit rate mode : Variable
      Bit rate : 60.0 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 1 channel
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Resolution : 16 bits
      Stream size : 56.9 MiB (7%)
      Alignment : Split accross interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 83 ms (2.00 video frames)
      Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms
      Writing library : LAME3.90