 http://bayimg.com/BAPGKaacL

Body Without Soul (1996) 
Telo bez duse (original title) 

Czech language with hard English subtitles
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0115722/

Body Without Soul is a 1994 documentary film about young boys in Prague working as prostitutes. The creator of the documentary, Wiktor Grodecki interviews the boys whose age ranges between 14-17 to find out more about their lives and how they got into the business. The film also explores the hopes and fears of the young men, they talk about their bodies and souls, money, their sexual orientation, AIDS, their dreams, and death.

In this bleak documentary, the director and stars of a series of gay porn films talk about the sex trade in post-communist Prague. Pavel Rousek, a medical examiner, moonlights as a director of bulk teen-sex footage for export to Germany and other countries. In unflinching detail, he talks about his love of ripping apart corpses and of the porn-film scripts he carries around in his head. He also addresses the pitfalls of producing pornography, from cheapskate distributors to uncooperative performers who try to renege on their promises to engage in unprotected anal sex. Whereas Pavel speaks proudly of the manipulation and physical violence he employs to obtain the desired footage, a score or so of his actors and other boyish Czech sex workers offer a different perspective on Pavel's filmmaking techniques -- and on their careers as prostitutes. The film's title comes from one boy who declares that he is nothing but a commodity, a body for sale -- an attitude shared by many of his downcast contemporaries. At least one boy is infected with HIV, while others offer rationales for why they're not worried despite their constant engagement in unsafe sex both on camera and with clients. One of several similarly themed films from director Wiktor Grodecki, Body Without Soul follows the 1994 documentary Not Angels But Angels and precedes the 1997 feature Mandragora.

Low production values hamper this otherwise haunting exploration of the downside of Western freedom in former Soviet territories. An unflinching look at the economics, psychology, and spiritual toll of semi-pedophilic gay porn, Body Without Soul seems at first like a doomy mockumentary. But when the credits roll and no cast is listed, its real-life nature invests the already weighty material with additional gravity. The stone-dead faces of these Czech youths -- some beautiful, some average, some ugly, but all futureless -- offers telling commentary on not only cheapie pornography, but also the global boom in sex tourism. Focusing more on blue movies than on simple prostitution, the film's centerpiece is a pair of extended interviews -- one at home, one at the autopsy table -- with a medical examiner/porn director of chilling disposition. Sex/death auteur Dennis Cooper himself couldn't have made up a character as creepy as Pavel Rousek, who hacks corpses and orders around his semi-imprisoned actors with the same sense of grim determination. Denying his performers condoms because the audience simply wouldn't accept them, he bullies them into signing contracts they don't understand, then sometimes beats them into compliance. Mostly told rather than shown, such scenarios are chilling enough. But director Wiktor Grodecki knows just how to stage and light his many interviews to make his subjects look as haunted as their voices sound. Unfortunately, poorly translated English subtitles and low-grade film stock detract from the power of his material, as does the intrusive classical score, which features such composers as Vivaldi, Allegri, and Mozart. Despite such flaws, Body Without Soul unfolds like a bad traffic accident; it's impossible to look away.


Director Wiktor Grodecki goes very far in interviewing all the kids who carry immeasurable pain and suffering from what they have gone through, and can only react by being hardened by the experiences.  The denial is also a necessity, but the rapes, beatings and contraction of diseases all the way to AIDS is the worst thing and it is an international phenomenon that is destroying the future of Prague and all the other countries it occurs in.  If course, there are sick people who will watch this in delight, pedophiles and other sick adults, who hate children and thrive on the suffering of the defenseless, but it is actually a vital document about what is really going on with these kids.  After all, the title DOES NOT say these children are soulless, but have had their souls gutted out by people being allowed to get away with what are some of the highest crimes against humanity possible.  They deserved better and this is sadly something that continues to go on, especially since the internet became so much more prominent since this film was made.

Director Grodecki shoots this with a stately, warm style that almost makes it look like fiction. Accompanied by classical music, he frames the interviews elegantly, capturing these boys' faces and seeing well behind their eyes as they discuss how they got into the business (most started in their early teens) and their thoughts on money, drugs, Aids, death and the difference between body and soul. Many claim to be straight even as they have all-male clients. Meanwhile, Rousek is talking about how he gets them drunk, makes them sign contracts that give him all the control and then exploits them as much as he can, resorting to violence if he needs to. Grodecki also includes telling fly-on-the-wall footage of gay venues in Prague as well as the film-set itself, which he shoots in a much more artistic and telling way than Rousek would ever imagine. In the end Grodecki gets a bit preachy as he draws out the whole lost youth theme. But there's real power in this important film. 
