A film by Maren Sextro & Holger Wick 

WE CALL IT TECHNO! 
A documentary about Germany’s early Techno scene and culture. 

Inspired by new sounds, new technologies and the political events of the time, the early 90s sees the emergence of a scene that euphorically celebrates the dawning of a new era. 
In Berlin, Frankfurt and many other German cities, activists tinker on a new music and club culture oriented around the coordinates Techno and House.
At Berlin's Love Parade in 1991, different local scenes congregate for the first time. The trend turns into a movement. A German Summer of Love, which changes whole lives overnight and kick-starts careers. 
The basic principle of Techno stands for experimenting, crossing borders and DIY. Fans become DJs or party promoters. Labels are founded and record stores open up. The scene grows. An independent microcosm is created. Networks are formed away from established structures. For a moment everything seems possible… 

WE CALL IT TECHNO! tells the story of a tempestuous phase in music history, the first time that pop culture was created significantly in Germany. 
With exclusive interviews and comprehensive, mostly unreleased film and photo archive material from the years 1988-1993! 

Incl. Statements from Ata, Cosmic Baby, Mijk van Dijk, Elsa for Toys, Hell, Mike Ink., Jürgen Laarmann, Mark Reeder, Ralf Niemczyk, Tanith, Triple R, Upstart, Sven Väth, Talla 2XLC, Wolle XDP and many more

further Information
In terms of pop culture, it's Techno that put Germany on the map. In no other part of the world has this kind of electronic dance music left its audience in such uninterrupted ecstasy. Within a few years, what had started out as a form of avantgarde specialist music had become a form of expression for a whole generation...

We Call it Techno! is a film about the emergence of the Techno scene and culture in Germany. It is a film about the first generation of Techno fans and activists as well as the ideas, mindset and motivations of those who made Techno a central part of their own lives. However, it is also a film that addresses the first problems and hindrances which confronted the scene already in the early years.

We Call it Techno! is not meant to be a film that conveys the message 'Back in the day, everything was better'. Whether or not everything was better back in the day is another matter. By all means everything was new and open back then and caused a lot of enthusiasm which was not only transposed onto the dance floor but was also channelled into a productive creativity and selfless actionism. It was important to us to show this side of Techno and thus differentiate from the images of cross-eyed ravers that have so often been seen on TV Reportages about the scene.

The Techno scene slowly emerged into its own at the beginning of the 1990s. The first rules and definitions were established, many of which are still valid today. Almost 20 years after these beginnings we got in touch with some of the most important protagonists of the time. Some of them abandoned the scene years ago while many others are still active. Most of them were more than willing to be interviewed or assist in any way possible. A few of them refused on the grounds that they had no time or were completely finished with
that phase of their life. As is shown by the conversations we had, some perceptions have in fact changed a lot in comparison to back then. For a few of them the fighter spirit of the past has given way to the wisdom of age. However, for some of them the disappointment caused by certain events and developments are still deep-rooted today and even the classic old 'Berlin vs. Frankfurt' issue is not yet resolved. We ended up with almost 30 elaborate interviews (i.e. just under 50 hours of interview material!) which we mixed together with a lot of footage from archives and came up with a film of just under 100 minutes. 

It was not only the editing of interviews that proved to be a mammoth job but also the hunting down of footage from the early years ended up being a real challenge. The fact that very few people thought about recording the events of the time and that only a few people even owned a camera meant accordingly that the early days were rarely filmed. Furthermore, in some places it was frowned upon and only on exception was filming or photography even allowed so as to ensure that people felt free to let themselves go. 
The little footage that did still exist was, to put it mildly, well scattered. If at all, most people were in possession of a few photographs. When phoning round it was not rare to get tips such as '' hmm. Sven who worked at the bar of so-and-so Club 15 years ago, he might have some pictures. But I don't know what his surname is or where he lives now.....'' Some of them invited us into their apartments so we could search for misplaced material together (''there's gotta be a few pictures from the first Planet lying about somewhere?!?'') while others sent us their treasures per courier to Berlin. People who were sure that they had 'tonnes of material' at home ended up, however, having nothing at all or a least nothing from the time, while those we never reckoned with turned out to be sitting on a goldmine ("rather than them just rotting away down there, you may as well just take them!''). Thus, we found ourselves sitting in the middle of a very varied mixture of Hi8 and VHS-C Tapes, Radio recordings, shoe boxes full of unsorted photographs and flyers, press-clippings, books and a few carefully pasted and labelled photo albums. 
The material we have used comes largely from private archives. They are from amateur camera operators and photographers, members of the scene who documented themselves mostly with no intention to ever publish the images. However, there are also a few professionally active photographers and camera people who's first motives included the early Techno scene and who gave us access of parts of their archives. Thus, they were of great help to us.

Finally, after one good year of intensive work our film is finished. We could not show everything that was important and formative at the time. The topic is too vast, complex and intricate. With a heavy heart we had to forgo one thing or another. On the one hand that was because we simply lacked the material and a film without pictures somehow is not a film. On the other hand, it was because we wanted to get more in-depth on certain issues by showing them in context and their background rather than to finish of with merely a string of comments and listings of people, clubs and parties, something which in any case would never be comprehensive.