Require：

IMAGINE SIM - VHHH HONG KONG CHEK LAP KOK FSX

OVERLAND - INCHEON INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT RKSI

AES2.05 Credits




Flight1 Software in cooperation with their sister company Flight1 Aviation Technologies, Inc. has announced the release of its latest product, the Cessna Skyhawk 172R.

The Flight1 Skyhawk 172R captures the spirit and feel of this famous and popular high wing, single engine aircraft. Features include a photo realistic 2D panel, 3D aircraft model, exceptionally clear virtual cockpit, new sounds, and flight dynamics that have been developed using the real performance tables. 

Flight1's Skyhawk 172R continues the tradition and commitment in offering you the highest level of product realism and integration for Microsoft's Flight Simulator 2004 and Flight Simulator X.

Feature Highlights 

GMAX Aircraft Model - Designed in GMAX with exceptional detail. All control surfaces are fully animated, including the cabin door and cargo compartments.

Beautiful 2D-Panel -The 2D-Panel uses high definition technology for unmatched clarity and detail. The unique main panel perspective gives you the feeling of being in the real cockpit. The panel and subpanels can easily be accessed with the included "Panel Manager" which allows you to move around the cockpit with just a few mouse-clicks.

Clickable Virtual Cockpit - The virtual cockpit of the 172R includes incredible detail with full working gauges, switches, and moving parts. This cockpit sets a new milestone in terms of clarity for a virtual cockpit, allowing you to get the full experience of what its like to fly this beautiful aircraft. 

Highly Accurate Flight Model - The flight model has been carefully developed right from actual performance tables. 

Authentic Sounds by "MeatWater" - The sound package is digitally recorded from an actual Skyhawk 172R, by "MeatWater" Sounds.

Skyhawk 172R Tutorial Flight - The tutorial flight will challenge your flying skills and will require you to perform various manuevers to a given set of tolerances. 

Configuration Manager - Use to add/remove passengers, add cargo to the baggage compartment, and then see if you fall within the specified weight limits to fly your aircraft. The configuration manager also includes two selectable flight dynamics models and a wheel pants off/on model. 

Text-o-Matic for Repaints - Flight One's proprietary Text-o-Matic aircraft repainting utility allows you to download additional user created paint schemes and install them on your system with just a couple mouse-clicks.

The Skyhawk 172R package also includes extensive documentation, checklists, and specifications to get you flying in no time.
