Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


A live performance by Shakira - She Wolf from the Jonathan Ross Show.


"She Wolf" is a song by Latin Pop singer Shakira taken from her third English studio album of the same name. Shakira wrote and produced the track with John Hill, and Sam Endicott (lead singer and songwriter of The Bravery). The song was released as the lead single worldwide and is being shipped with a Spanish version "Loba" which is being used to promote the album in Spanish-speaking countries.

"Loba" premiered on June 29, 2009 and was played on various radio stations. Shakira premiered "She Wolf" on Z100 and KIIS-FM on July 13, 2009 and the single was available to download from the following day. The song impacted on US radio on July 21, 2009. The song has currently peaked at number 2 in Ireland, Spain and Germany, 3 in Italy and Switzerland, 4 in the UK, 5 in Canada as well as number 11 in the US.

She Wolf is the third English studio album by Colombian Latin-pop singer-songwriter Shakira, scheduled for release on October 9, 2009, in Germany through Sony Music, October 12 in the UK and France through RCA Records and Jive Epic Records, respectively, before being released the following day by Epic Records in the US.

So far it is known that Shakira has worked hip-hop producers Pharrell Williams, John Hill, and Wyclef Jean who was involved in producing her previous worldwide hit "Hips Don't Lie". The album sees Shakira shift from latin pop and pop-rock to electro pop while also exploring dancehall.

The album's lead single is also called "She Wolf" in English-speaking territories and is currently making its premier worldwide. A Spanish version of the song titled "Loba" is being released in Latin America and Spain to promote the album. Representatives from Epic Records appear to have confirmed that "Did it Again" will be released as the second single.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

