Bloods And Crips - Bagin On wax (MUsic Video)

Official Gangsta Music

Lyrics

[GENUINE DRAFT a.k.a DOMINO]
Genuine Draft with the Gat
Can you see the Slob slippin' as I aim for the heart by connect with the level
That I'ma bust to this nigga now he's slippin'
Two to the head now if he ?toiled? like a Simpson
Now them Snoops from them switch block
?? with the Slobs on the muthafuckin' Crip track
I don't know but he feels me when laughter
So peep this Crip shit for this bitch line Slob-ass nigga

[LIL' STRETCH]
Fuck all these Crab niggas
Guess what, guess who, Crab killa's back
The AK-47 mix with the maniac
A nigga with a problem
A nigga ain't back tight
So I'll be rollin' on these Crab niggas everynight
Crip, Crip, Crip, buck buck, time to go off
Crabs got throw off niggas to get hauled off
Crab got lived it out, mixed out or ship it out
Tec-9 bullets for the hoes is still spittin' out

[AWOL]
Well if I'm not killin' a Snoop
I'm runnin' from the police
I'm at the spot just hangin' with the homies
Ain't no ?? where the Kelly is down for
When I'm hangin' on 3-8 double O
A homicide when a nigga ride
Ain't naythin' good about shit with dip out
I kill a punk for the color is wearing
And kill his bitch cause keep on staring

[RED RAG]
I throw low blows in elbows on low-lows ?? tight shit
That nigga Red Rag wreck it straight
C-sick flavor like the rest of my peer
I'm a magician and you punk Crab bitches are my trick
You Sissy muthafuckas stay heat out your ??
You wild up like the Ten Deuce Rice Cryspis
Kelly Park stay in Compton
Cause see you was a clip water
Slay stay down lookin' ??

[BLUE RAG]
Fuck it, it's time to catch your hands up
Put the barrel of my Gauge in a Slob mouth with one shot
Blowin' them brains out and watch this shatter
Is splatter on the concrete
Another Slob
Added to my murder beat, I'm Blue Rag
A Crip for life fool
Bangin' On Wax with a Charles Manson attitude

[LIL' STRETCH]
In 1975
A nigga was raised on the streets of Watts to survive
Where I live it was nuthin' but a living hell
So at the age of nine I rebel
I was growin' up my mom was solo
But Crabs ?of piece?
Out of niggas don't give a fuck
Rollin' with the street gang knockin' out Crabs
Cause it's an everyday muthafuckin' thang

[SIN LOC]
Sin Loc - quick to put one in your forehead
Shootin' every muthafucka that I catch wearing red
It's only must ain't stoppin' this
I gotta do it on wax
So I can put the caps in it
And if you wanna knock the mind frame ???
Sin Loc'll have put a slug in your forehead
And for the hood I'ma still keep stompin'
East Sider C Cuz, this is Compton

[REDRUM 781]
Four Crabs down and you know as soon to go
Niggas gotta dump so I shoot 'em at the funeral
I don't give a damn about another nigga's life
I roll by and squeeze on a fuckin' trigga type
People started to fall up a bitch's calling for the One-Time
Aimin' from his momma he better walk the chalk line
And I'm servin' Crips to rest like a hoe cell
Flue-ass fools are goin' down to a red hell



Enjoy And seed.

I will take requests for music videos or Music so leave a comment.