
Overview

A practical guide to networking fundamentals

Fully up to date with the latest technologies, this introductory handbook covers wired and wireless network design, configuration, hardware, protocols, security, backup, recovery, virtualization, and more. After laying the groundwork, Networking: A Beginner's Guide, Fifth Edition explains, step-by-step, how to install, set up, and administer Windows Server 2008, Exchange Server 2010, Fedora 10, and Apache. If you're beginning a career in networking or looking to refresh your skills, you need this detailed reference.

    * Learn about network cabling, topologies, hardware, and the OSI Model
    * Set up a small office and home office (SOHO) wired or wireless network
    * Connect LANs and WANs
    * Work with network protocols--TCP/IP, UDP, DHCP, HTTP, FTP, SMTP, VoIP, and others
    * Enable remote access through a VPN or other methods
    * Secure your network and handle backup and disaster recovery
    * Install, configure, and administer Windows Server 2008, Exchange Server 2010, Fedora 10, and Apache
    * Understand virtualization technologies, and learn how to set up and use VMware Server
    * Learn how the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 affects networking and IT professionals

Bruce Hallberg has been involved in IT for more than 25 years and has consulted for Fortune 1000 firms on the implementation of management information and networking systems. He is the bestselling author of more than 20 books.
Table of contents

Acknowledgments;
Introduction;
Part I: Networking Ins and Outs;
Chapter 1. The Business of Networking;
Chapter 2. Laying the Foundation;
Chapter 3. Understanding Networking;
Chapter 4. Understanding Network Cabling;
Chapter 5. Home Networking;
Chapter 6. Understanding Network Hardware;
Chapter 7. Making WAN Connections;
Chapter 8. Understanding Networking Protocols;
Chapter 9. Exploring Directory Services;
Chapter 10. Connections from Afar: Remote Network Access;
Chapter 11. Securing Your Network;
Chapter 12. Network Disaster Recovery;
Chapter 13. Network Servers: Everything You Wanted to Know but Were Afraid to Ask;
Chapter 14. Purchasing and Managing Client Computers;
Part II: Hands-on Knowledge;
Chapter 15. Designing a Network;
Chapter 16. Installing and Setting Up Windows Server 2008;
Chapter 17. Administering Windows Server 2008: The Basics;
Chapter 18. Introducing Exchange Server 2010;
Chapter 19. Understanding Other Windows Server 2008 Services;
Chapter 20. Installing Linux;
Chapter 21. Introduction to Linux Systems Administration;
Chapter 22. Setting Up a Linux Web Server with Apache;
Chapter 23. Introduction to Virtualization;
Appendix: Understanding the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;
Index
Biographical note

Bruce A. Hallberg has more than 25 years of experience in the computer industry. He is the bestselling author of more than 20 computer books, including all four previous editions of Networking: A Beginner’s Guide.


