Donations for author if you like this audiobook:
http://www.stinkfight.com/donate.htm



A USER'S MANUAL FOR THE HUMAN EXPERIENCE
by Michael W. Dean
Audiobook read and produced by the author.

SUBJECTS: Learn and apply THE ONLY TWO RULES IN LIFE. Delete any addiction without meetings. Learn to block idiots from your life. Learn to make a living doing what you love.

Paperback on Amazon (please review):
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0970539231/www30dollarfi-20

Paperback on Amazon UK (please review):
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Users-Manual-Human-Experience/dp/0970539231/

Donations, PayPal to 99cent@kittyfeet.com

Website for book:
http://www.lifeamp.org/

Author's blog: 
http://www.stinkfight.com/

Author's voiceover site:
http://michaeldeanvoice.com/

Author's wife's voiceover site: 
http://www.debrajeandean.com/

WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT THIS BOOK: 
"Part intellectual memoir, part self-help book. Michael W. Dean's Practical Emotional Self-Defense (PESD) techniques flow from a wealth of life experiences, both positive and negative. 'The Only Two Rules in Life' have some radical, refreshing implications."
--Jason Sorens, Ph.D. (Assistant Professor, University at Buffalo, SUNY), founder of the Free State Project

"You owe yourself the opportunity to step outside your comfort zone and put yourself in the court with this modern-day Socrates."
--Pastor Kenneth V. Blanchard, Sr., author of Black Man with a Gun 

“I knew Michael Dean back in the day, when he was a 19-year-old punk rocker with an appetite for self-destruction. I honestly didn’t think he’d live to be 30. But guess what? It turns out that Michael isn’t just a survivor; he’s a survivor who’s learned how to enjoy life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness after recovery. For everyone who wants to know how to stay sane, develop a great work ethic, and make a mark on the world, Michael Dean has a great story to tell."
--Professor Michael Bérubé, Ph.D. (Penn State), author of What’s Liberal About the Liberal Arts? and Life as We Know It 


SHOW NOTES FOR EPISODES



PART ONE OF BOOK: LIFE


EPISODE: 01
FOREWORD and Chapter One, Greetings Eager Seeker 

FOREWORD by Pastor Kenneth V. Blanchard, Sr., read by the good pastor. A hip Baptist preacher tells you why you don't have to be afraid of Michael Dean, even though Michael doesn't believe in Christ. And you also needn't be afraid that Michael believes in SOMETHING if you believe in NOTHING. This ain't about changing your mind, it's about improving your life. CHAPTER ONE, Greetings Eager Seeker, read by the author, Michael W. Dean. Michael explains what you're in for (it's all good!), how he teaches (more like a friend sitting next to you than like a textbook), and what this book is about (cutting deadwood out of your life, getting rid of bad patterns, habits, and people. Then we teach you how to work smarter once you've cleaned house). 


EPISODE: 02
Chapter 2 - New Year's Resolutions Don't Work:

Learn why our system makes life a fun "work in progress" rather than committing to hard lines that cannot change. Also we define our terms, Practical Emotional Self-Defense, Serenity Vampires, Soul Mosquitoes, LifeAmp, Organization Building, and more. We learn a little about all of these. We define "who this book is for" (hint: about 85% of the world, but not everyone.) We learn why Michael is qualified to write this book, and then begin to discover a bit of life-changing good stuff. 


EPISODE: 03
Chapter 3 - The Only Two Rules In Life

This is where it gets REALLY interesting! We learn why most laws are silly, and how most people have a codependence problem with government (as well as with toxic people). We learn that everything in life, in living right, really boils down to only TWO RULES, and that's all you need to live by. We cheerfully explore these rules at length: their history, their implementation and application. (We also learn a little about computer privacy, because that's the way Michael teaches. It's his view, it's ALL connected.) 


EPISODE: 04
Chapter 4 - Practical Emotional Self-Defense

Ahh....now we're REALLY cookin'! We begin to learn all about dealing with squicky people, and we apply concepts of physical self-defense to emotional self-defense. You will learn not to get caught "unarmed" in an emotional gunfight. Also, and more importantly, you'll learn how to AVOID most emotional gunfights, and how to streamline your existence to keep weenies OUT of your life, even if the DEMAND to be there! 


EPISODE: 05
Chapter 5 - Your Rights End at My Nose

Learn why it is your Constitutional right not to have to listen to loud music you don't want to hear, not to have to put up with idiots, and to block HUMANS AND THEIR AGENDAS in civilized society that is a teeter-totter of give and take. We learn why HOME IS WHERE THE RIGHTS ARE, and learn to recognize and block MATH WORMS. Here we offer practical experience, strength and hope to live a life that has less of people imposing their will on you. And we begin to talk about how we will MAKE A LIVING DOING WHAT WE LOVE after we get rid of the idiots and problems that are avoidable. (And you will discover how to tell which problems really are avoidable, and which ones aren't.) 


EPISODE: 06
Chapter 6 - From Netiquette to Restraining Orders

Examples of different tactics when dealing with good people, weenies, Serenity Vampires, and people from hell. Here we show you actual examples from the author's life (because this IS a teaching hospital!) on blocking and sidestepping the good, the bad, the ugly, and the criminal. We take you step by step, showing you what happened, what was done right, and what we would have done differently had we known what we know now. Each of the seven examples are in order of increasing hellishness, and you'll learn how to diffuse and avoid, including showing you which Cooper Code color level was involved. 


EPISODE: 07
Chapter 7 - The No-Contact Strategy

So, what do you do if enforcing reasonable boundaries with a hard-core serenity vampire simply DOES NOT WORK? Well, if it's someone you never want to see again, you block them for good. But if it's someone you love, who you MIGHT want back in your life at SOME point, but now just isn't the time, you can institute a NO-CONTACT STRATEGY. It's only for certain types of situations (which we explain), and most be done in a specific way in order to work (ditto). The NO-CONTACT STRATEGY can save a relationship or end it for good, but it can sometimes be the ONLY thing that will help. 


EPISODE: 08
Chapter 8 - A Resentment and a Laptop

Our "grad school of recovery" from codependence, government, alcoholism and drug addiction. Topics covered: What is addiction? Eight lives spent. Why you won't die without the AA group. All you need to change the world is a resentment and a laptop. The laws of man vs. the Natural Law. Why the "WAR ON DRUGS" is a farce! How to recover, from anything, without meetings. Also: SIDESTEPPING RECIDIVISM. 


EPISODE: 09
Chapter 9 - Twelve Steps? How About Two Steps!

Here we show how the Twelve Steps of Alcoholics Anonymous were based on the four Spiritual Practices of The Oxford Group, which are based on the Natural Law, which is included in The Only Two Rules in Life. 


EPISODE: 10
Chapter 10 - Hardcore Recovery Without Meetings, first half of chapter

Is life fair? Expectations are appointments with resentments. How to know the difference between apologies and amends (don't TELL them what you're going to do, ASK them what you can do). How to change your "playmates and playgrounds." How to avoid the bullies who "bump into you, spill their OWN milk, and then sue YOU for your lunch money." Becoming human. Giving back. 



EPISODE: 11
Chapter 10 - Hardcore Recovery Without Meetings, second half of chapter.

Dealing with death. Is something "God's Will"? Prayer. Pet therapy. The stunning majesty of cats and the healing power of beasts. How can you be sad? More ways of changing your ways. The uselessness of opinions. CUTTING OFF DAMAGED GOODS. Dealing with liars. If you falter, do not feel defeated, life is a moving target. My average day sober is far better than my average day loaded. 


EPISODE: 12
Chapter 11 - You Have The Right To Be Left Alone

BULLIES AREN'T JUST PEOPLE WHO BEAT YOU UP. You are your own property. Anyone who invades your mind or wastes your time is trespassing and stealing. Even well-meaning mosquitoes who get in your way should never be tolerated. Even if they're family. Here we'll teach you how to outgrow ALL kinds of bullies once and for all. 


EPISODE: 13
Chapter 12 - Stop Being a Victim

Professional victims make a career out of reenacting their grief. Over and over. They do it in real time, too: relive each tear, each torment, and then "see the light", all as a tiny three-act play. They live on "redemption in the third act." And the more horrific the first two acts are, the more talk-show engagements they'll get, and the more books they'll sell. Learn how to spot and avoid all types of victimhood (professional AND amateur), and learn how to delete any victimhood in yourself. Your life will be much happier and more productive.




PART TWO OF BOOK: AMP

EPISODE: 14
First half of Chapter 13 - Work Smarter 

This is where we step out of "get rid of weenies" mode and step into "now that you've got your life more in order, let's do something with it." 

Learn to focus your drive and focus like a quantum laser. Here Michael W. Dean shares the techniques that have made him an in-demand modern renaissance man. You'll learn to apply these same techniques in your life. 


EPISODE: 15
Second half of Chapter 13 - On Professionalism

Basically, a large part of being a success in the world is interacting with people in a professional manner. It's often the difference between being well employed and being unemployed. Here, Michael tells you step-by-step how to do this, whether you're making art, starting a business, or changing the world by developing a movement. 


EPISODE: 16
First half of Chapter 14 - Time Management for Calm and Profit. 

In this chapter, I'm going to give you some more of my patented work philosophy - some "punk rock cheerleading." Then we'll get down to business with some serious step-by-step time-management ideas (including The Dean One-Page Plan). You could skip the theory part and go straight to THE PLAN, but you know by now how I work, so you know I think it's all equally important. Besides, I'll also make sure it's all FUN. 


EPISODE: 17
Second half of Chapter 14 - The Dean One-Page Plan. 

Learn to be a light-on-your-feet WORK NINJA with the simplest time-management system in the world. And it's free, doesn't require ongoing software or seminars, and best of all, you can start doing it RIGHT NOW. 


EPISODE: 18
Chapter 15 - Make a Living Doing What You Love. 

This chapter describes how the author came to make a living doing what he loves. Here we teach you how to love, rather than dread, waking up each day. It's all about making your mark without stepping on toes, now that you know how to keep the toes of others off yours.


EPISODE: 19
First half of Chapter 16 - Organization Building - New Uses For Old Tools. 

"Group-dynamic games" are exercises where a "team building consultant" is hired to come into a company for a few days and lead employees through problem-solving exercises. The goal is to try and learn to work together more effectively. WE AREN'T GOING TO DO THAT. WE AREN'T PLAYING GAMES HERE. This is THE REAL DEAL. ORGANIZATION BUILDING is more about working with simple voluntary bylaws from the beginning. Using The Only Two Rules in Life with AA's 12 Traditions can be very effective for Org Building.


EPISODE: 20
Second half of Chapter 16 - Organization Building - New Uses For Old Tools.

We continue to present ways to "herd cats" in any organization from the smallest to the biggest, from the local to the global (and beyond!). We also talk about priorities, fighting only the fights worth fighting (which is different from only fighting fights we can win). Also how to AVOID fights, even when working with people who disagree.


EPISODE: 21
Chapter 17 - LETTER TO A YOUNG ME

Here the author goes BRAVELY AND SWEETLY INTO THE PAST. He sits down with his morning coffee at age 44 and writes a wise and loving letter to himself at 22 (knowing full well that himself at 22 wouldn't listen to what "some old guy" has to say!). We end this chapter (and the book) with the author at age 44 receiving a wise and loving letter from the future, from himself at age 60. The author at 44 actually DOES listen to some of that. Then the author and his wife sit down and tell you the wonderful things predicted in the book that have actually HAPPENED by LIVING THE BOOK since the book came out! And THAT'S ALL FOLKS! (But stay tuned for two bonus episodes, MP3s of the full songs by the author used in excerpt in the intro and outro of each episode.)


EPISODE: 22
Bonus one of two

MP3 of 1992 Bomb song "Power of Suggestion." Written by Michael W. Dean, Jay Crawford, Tony Fag, Doug Hilsinger. Lead vocals and bass guitar, Michael W. Dean. Website for the band Bomb: http://www.hitsofacid.com


EPISODE: 23
THE END OF THIS PODIOBOOK! Bonus two of two

MP3 of 1992 Bomb song "Lucy in the Sky with Desi." Written by Michael W. Dean, Jay Crawford, Tony Fag, Doug Hilsinger. Lead vocals and bass guitar, Michael W. Dean. Website for the band Bomb: http://www.hitsofacid.com
