Sex At Sweatbox (2010)
 
http://www.spicetvstore.com/exec/v1_item.asp?item_id=1519639&partner_id=10008496 
http://www.adultdvdnow.com/dvd/Sex_at_Sweatbox_84267.html 
http://www.adultdvdempire.com/1519639/sex-at-sweatbox-porn-movies.html?partner_id=42023867

Label  Alpha Male 
Release Date  Jan 30, 2010 
Category  Gay, Foreign, Muscle Studs 
Starring  Tony Serrano, Trojan Rock, Carlo Cox, Nathan Price, Ray Stone, Jacob, Ty Le Boeuf 

Welcome to the hottest gym around, Sweatbox, where the biggest, beefiest studs head for all manner of workouts!! In this place, when the men get bored of pumping iron, they get down to pumping each other! With sexy stars like Ty LeBeouf and Trojan Rock showing off their broad, muscular chests and huge throbbing dicks, its more than enough incentive to start hitting the gym! Who knew exercise could be so much fun?

Scene One: Sex in the Steam Room!!

After seeing broad, shaven head stud Ty LeBeouf heading into Sweatbox, hairy hunk Carlo Cox can’t resist taking a detour into the gym where anything goes!! Built like a tank, Tys also got his own thick layer of fur across his bulging pecs and all the way down his washboard abs!! Coupled with his ruggedly handsome face and sexy American accent, it makes him almost irresistible. Carlo certainly seems to feel that way, as hes soon stripping off to reveal a monstrously large cock! Thick, veiny and throbbing at the propect of fucking Ty!! Sparks fly as these versatile studs flip flop and fuck each other until they explode, coating the steam room in thick, sticky jizz!!

Scene Two: Man on Man Massage Action!!

Masseur Jacob sure knows how to provide a quality service, as he makes sure his client Tony Serrano enjoys a very happy ending to his treatment!! After running his hands across Tonys tanned, muscular back, Jacob starts working his way down his perfectly round, lightly hairy and deliciously juicy ass!! The tension doesnt let up as these two Latino men explore every part of each other, with Tony repaying Jacob by swallowing his enormous cut cock whilst sliding his hands over the other mans lean and extremely hairy body!! As the scene comes to a crescendo, Jacob puts his full attention back on Tonys gorgeous ass and gives it a pounding that hes sure to feel for days after!!

Scene Three: Pumping Iron, Pumping Ass!!

While lifting weights, sexy skinhead Nathan Price sees something to do that looks like much more fun that dumbbells, Ray Stone’s enormous cock!! Long, fat and with a massive mushroom head on the tip, Ray really has a perfect cock!! The thing is so thick it could easily be mistaken for a third arm!! The delight is clearly visible on Nathans face when Ray pulls his meat pole out of his sweat shorts, and he obviously loves having the whole thing slide down his throat, if his moans and own erect, throbbing dick are anything to go by!! Hairy bear Ray is more than willing to return the favour though, doing some perfect cock sucking of his own before giving Nathan exactly what he wants, a good hard fucking followed by a creamy climax!!

Scene Four: Ty Takes on the Trojan!!

Finally, to finish us all off, porn veteran Trojan Rock takes a trip to Sweatbox and has his attention focused all on new boy Ty!! A mountain of a man, Trojan is a true embodiment of masculinity and that clearly appeals to Ty, who has no problem with Trojan watching him as he wanks himself in the steam room!! If anything, it makes him harder, which previously didnt seem possible given the raging boner Ty is sporting!! The two of them are soon worshipping each others awesomely toned and furry bodies, Trojan suckling Tys balls and eating out his high, firm ass before he gets Ty right where he wants him, sitting on his cock!! Its truly an epic sight seeing these two prefect specimens of manhood ramming each other mercilessly, so much so that youll definitely be blowing your load when these two do, roaring as their gooey, wet spunk explodes from their cocks!! In fact, when these two head for cold shower after, you might need to do the same!!
