Title: MySims Agents
Genre: Adventure            
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: PAL
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
Love mysteries, twisting plots and sinister villains? Love puzzles, adventure and high tech gadgets? Now players can enjoy the thrill of solving mysteries, while re-joining their MySims friends. In MySims Agents, players are the heroic agents who must stop a sinister plot that threatens the fate of an entire city. In MySims Agents players take on the role of a special agent hired to foil the sinister plans of Morcubus, lord of the criminal underworld. By recruiting different MySims, each with their own special characteristics, players can build up their very own crime-busting dream team. From tracking footprints and using forensics to picking locks, hacking into computers, following leads and collecting clues, players must rely on their wits, skills and trusty gadgets to piece together the clues to solve the mystery. Jump aboard the jet to reach an ancient temple, a spooky mansion or an icy mountaintop chalet in search of clues that lead players closer to the sinister Morcubus. Return from the adventure with cool treasures that players can use to construct and customize their headquarters and make it their own.


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers