Eboy

S  K  i  D  R  O  W

-  T H E  L E A D i N G  F O R C E  -

proudly presents
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Conviction / Ubisoft

RELEASE DATE : 30-04-2010              PROTECTION : Ubisoft DRM
GAME TYPE    : Action                  DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

Stupid Sceners Notice:

While in the competition stages, we had at least a decent
amount of respect for the work Razor1911 and RELOADED normally
do. Now during the last weeks they have for sure lost our last
lines of respect.

1. RELOADED, get some balls and bring your stupidity out in
the open. At least get someone who we don't know to write
your FAKE nfos for the FAKE content of the Assassins Creed
2 nfo release. The writing style is so obvious, that
several non scenere already caught who was behind it.

Also, when you plan to make such FAKE nfo statements
releases, then at least cover your tracks of it's origin.
Our FTP scanning logs, verify that the release was first
upped and spread by a certain RELOADED affiliated person.

Furthermore we have already guessed your purpose of all
this dissing towards us. It's obvious that you want the
public, as well as the scene to believe that our 100%
working Assassins Creed 2 release is nuked, so that you can
make path for yet another dupe. Do we even have to mention
Just Cause 2?

RELOADED, your lies and propaganda can help you boost your
ego beyond your talent, but eventually your lies and
propaganda will stand out as the most talented about you.

2. Razor1911, you took the liberity to use bigger words, than
you can handle. You obviously haven't even looked at our
Assassins Creed 2 crack.

You judge our Assassins Creed 2 crack by reading public
boards and FAKE nfos with FAKE content really made you look
nonworthy to use the blade's group name. It's so obvious
that you're not the sharpest blade in the drawer.

Claiming you was the first to crack the new Ubisoft
protection, is just so ridiculous, so much actually, that
we're infact still laughing since you released Settlers 7.

You even praised the new Ubisoft DRM, as it apparently to
you, gives the scene a chance for redemption to bring back
the good old days of REAL cracking. You're so full of
bullshit with that Settlers 7 nfo, that you're starting to
sound like RELOADED.

For the people with no cracking knowledge, then we will
explain a few things about the Ubisoft DRM:

a) Ubisoft DRM can't even be compared with protections of the
"good" old days.

b) Razor's "crack" isn't really any different from our
Assassins Creed 2 crack, it's the emulated data that makes
the differences.

c) Razor just moved the Ubisoft launcher into the main folder
of the Settlers 7 game and patched it to work from there.

d) To make these "cracks" work correctly you still have to
gather and emulate the data that are being sent/recieved
from the communication between the game and your PC.

The cracking method is still the same for each title. It's the
handling of the data being sent/recieved between the Ubisoft
servers, and the decryption methods of it, that takes time to
do properly.

Obviously, that has nothing to do with exterme skill, nor has
it anything to do with the REAL protections of the past. It's
also getting more obvious that 1911 marks the IQ level of
whole Razor.

The real old blade, must feel very ashamed now.

Note to anybody else:

This will be the last nfo, where we defend our Ubisoft DRM
work. We're here to compete, even if we lost a lot of faith in
the two mention groups above. We're here for scene matters and
not childish behaviours, like our competitiors choose as path
to get their messages out. Let the work speak instead.

Beware with the trigger, as you never know if the bullet will
hit yourself in the end

Reloading might not be an option, no matter how sharp you have
razored the bullets edges

/
/ / //          / / /  /
/ / / / //      //// / / / / / /
/      /      / / / // / /// /
/// / //////
twice the fun  / double the trouble

On with the game release information:

An investigation into his daughter's death unwittingly leads
former agent Sam Fisher to discover he's been betrayed by his
prior agency, the Third Echelon. Now a renegade, Fisher finds
himself in a race against time to thwart a deadly terrorist
plot that threatens millions.

Uniting revolutionary gameplay enhancements with a
high-octane, no-holds-barred storyline, Tom Clancy's Splinter
Cell Conviction arms you to the teeth with all the high-tech
weaponry and lethal skills of an elite operative and invites
you to enter a dangerous world where justice means making your
own rules.

NEW LEVEL OF ACTION FOR SPLINTER CELL A full arsenal of
cutting-edge innovations allow you to outflank foes with the
Last Known Position system, tag and eliminate enemies using
the Mark and Execute feature, and much more.

BLOCKBUSTER EXPERIENCE A unique storytelling style keeps you
on the edge of your seat as you navigate the explosive world
of a renegade agent where trust is impossible and justice
requires you to go above the law.

JAW DROPPING VISUALS A revolutionary new graphic direction
delivers an utterly seamless gameplay experience that'll keep
you totally engrossed in the story of Sam Fisher.

EXPLOSIVE ONLINE PLAY Brand-new addictive multiplayer modes
amp up the dramatic intensity like never before.

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD to your
installation directory and overwrite
5. Play the game

Additional Notes:

Don't run the game with patch 1.01 applied, do a fresh install
and apply our crack.

Patch 1.01 isn't official by Ubisoft yet. When it is, we will
of course release it.

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

We 3 Paris Hilton

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS

Logo and layout by: Eboy/SAE
Last updated 21/07/2007 by XXX