 http://bayimg.com/jaaMHAAdB

Will Not End Here (2008) 
Will Not Stop There 

Nije kraj (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0991351/

Croatian language with hard English subtitles.

Will Not End Here (Nije kraj) is a Croatian film directed by Vinko Bresan. It was released in 2008.


  Ivan Herceg  ...  Martin  
  Nada Sargin  ...  Desa  
  Predrag Predjo Vusovic  ...  Djuro (as Predrag Vusovic)  
  Inge Apelt  ...  Marija / Zaklina (as Ingeborg Appelt)  
  Drazen Kuhn  ...  Kriminalac  
  Mladen Vulic  ...  Nikola  
  Leon Lucev  ...  Martinov kolega  
  Damir Orlic  ...  Martinov kolega II  
  Ljubomir Kerekes  ...  Doktor  
  Ana Begic  ...  Emina  
  Tanja Pjevac  ...  Kurva I  
  Ivana V. Jovanovic  ...  Kurva II  
  Nina Lazarevic  ...  Kurva III  
  Vojislav Brajovic  ...  Stevan (as Voja Brajovic)  
  Linda Begonja  ...  Kokotovicka 

War films are a dime a dozen but Ive never seen anything quite like Vinko Bresans Will Not Stop There. Granted, Bresans film isnt exactly a war film per say since the bulk of the story unfolds after the war but the story starts during the war.

It would be unfair to divulge the plot of the story since one of the films major strengths is the way in which it unfolds. The opening twenty minutes of the film are a series of events that seem to lead nowhere and when we finally get there, its still not quite clear what Martin, the films lead, is up to. With the help of a porn star/nose player (yes, Djuro plays his nose like most people would play a clarinet), Martin goes in search of Desa, a woman he finally finds at a brothel. Why he wants her and what his plan is wont be clear for some time and film does an excellent job of slowly unfolding the mystery; kudos to Bresan and co-writers Mate Matisic and Franjo Mogus for creating a film which successfully builds the suspense.

The film doesnt get itself bogged down in the drama which unfolds and that too is clear from the opening scene in which were introduced to Djuro the nose player, providing a voiceover to the film as if it were a long forgotten fairy tale. Will Not Stop There carefully and successfully walks the fine line of drama and comedy and though it keeps you guessing as to whether it will end well or not, the final scene doesnt feel like a cheap cop out but rather well earned.

Funny, touching and sometimes sad, Will Not Stop There is not exactly a heartwarming film but it is uplifting and down right entertaining.

