Humble Pie 
The Definitive Collection (2006)

Format: Mp3
Genre: Rock
Release Date: August 29, 2006
Label: A&M
Size: 179 MB
Source: World Wide Web

Channels: 2 (Stereo)
Sample Rate: 44.1 Khz
Sample Size: 16 Bit
Bit Rate: 320 kbps

Audio Quality: Very High (Lossy)
Encoder: LAME3.82U
Encoder Settings: Constant Bit Rate 320 kbps (Insane)
Contains: Album Art, ID Tag ID3v2.3 (ANSI) & ID3v1.1

A showcase for former Small Faces' frontman Steve Marriott and one-time Herd guitar virtuoso Peter Frampton, the hard rock outfit Humble Pie formed in Essex, England in 1969. Also featuring ex-Spooky Tooth bassist Greg Ridley along with drummer Jerry Shirley, the fledgling group spent the first several months of its existence locked away in Marriott's Essex cottage, maintaining a relentless practice schedule. Signed to the Immediate label, Humble Pie soon issued their debut single "Natural Born Boogie," which hit theTop Ten and paved the way for the group's premiere LP, As Safe as Yesterday Is. 

Formed: 1968 in Essex, England

Disbanded: 1975

Group Members:

Steve Marriott
Jerry Shirley
Peter Frampton
Greg Ridley
Dave "Clem" Clempson
Anthony Jones
Bob Tench



The Definitive Collection unites original recordings from Humble Pie's early-'70s A&M output, highlighting the gravelly vocals of ex-Small Faces frontman Steve Marriott along with the driving guitars of first Peter Frampton and then Frampton's replacement, Dave "Clem" Clempson. During their peak years, Humble Pie were the premier boogie band. Their output of the era inundated album rock radio with the originals "Hot 'n' Nasty" and "30 Days in the Hole," Eddie Cochran's "C'mon Everybody," and the Ray Charles-inspired epic "I Don't Need No Doctor," which was recorded live at the Fillmore and was Frampton's swan song with the band. Also included are several hard-edged cover versions of blues classics -- "Four Day Creep," "Rollin' Stone," and "I'm Ready" -- which were a significant part of their regular live set at the time. While there are other, more exhaustive compilations, such as the double-disc 1994 set Hot 'n' Nasty: The Anthology, this is the best concise overview of the group's career, containing the most hits on a single disc. 


Track List:

1. Natural Born Woman
2. The Sad Bag Of Shaky Jake 
3. Big Black Dog
4. Live With Me
5. I'm Ready
6. Shine On
7. Stone Cold Fever
8. Rollin' Stone
9. Four Day Creep (Live)
10.I Don't Need No Doctor (Live)
11.Hot 'N' Nasty
12.C'mon Everybody
13.30 Days In The Hole
14.Black Coffee
15.I Believe To My Soul
16.Ninety-Nine Pounds
17.Road Hog


Enjoy!