Simon G. Powell - Metanoia: A New Vision of Nature
 
http://www.psychoactive-media.com/



AVI Information
   Filename: Simon G. Powell - Metanoia- A New Vision of Nature.avi
   Filesize: 733580118 Bytes (699.60 MB)
   Streams (i.e. Video, Audio): 2
Video Stream
   Compression: divx - DivX
   Avg. Bitrate: 1391.89 kbit/s
   Resolution: 640x368
   Color Depth: 24 bits
   Running Time: 3831.93 s (1h 3m 51s)
   Framerate: 29.9700 fps
   Microseconds Per Frame: 33367 ms
   Frames: 114843
   Keyframes: 4176 (Every 27)
Audio Stream
   Wave Type: 85 - MPEG Layer 3
   Avg. Bitrate: 128.00 kbit/s
   Sample Rate: 44100 Hz
   Bit Depth: 0 Bits
   Channels: 2
   Audio Delay: 0.00 s


Metanoia: an independent 90 minute DVD - this includes the Metanoia documentary plus 30 minutes of extra features.

Metanoia: over 2 years in the making and filmed on location in the UK, France, Spain and Malaysia.

Metanoia: from the Greek words 'meta' (to change) and 'noia' (mind).


Written and directed by author/musician Simon G. Powell, Metanoia: A New Vision of Nature is the world's first DVD film to delineate the paradigm of natural intelligence. And it does so accompanied by an original upbeat soundtrack - making this film an enticing blend of art and science.

This DVD is designed to promote a new way of thinking about Nature, the biosphere, and the evolutionary process that built the biosphere.  This new way of thinking involves the concept of natural intelligence.  The underlying premise is that our current definitions of what life is, and what evolution represents, fall short of the mark and thereby do Nature a major disservice.  Rather than seeing the evolution of life as a blind and dumb process, evolution can be viewed as an inherently sensible process whereby Nature selects and preserves sensible changes to the genetic code (i.e. changes in the genetic code which happen to promote the kinds of sensible biological behaviour that facilitate survival and reproduction).  It is precisely this sensible and sense-making aspect of natural selection that gives evolution a specific direction.  Thus, the natural intelligence concept does not invoke supernatural forces or new mechanisms lying 'outside' of Nature but is, rather, a complete reinterpretation of Nature.  Moreover, as the Metanoia film attests, such a reinterpretation of Nature is crucial if our relationship with the rest of the biosphere is to be improved and healed.  It should also be noted that the natural intelligence paradigm is not wholly aligned with any currently existing 'ism', be that atheism, pantheism, deism, theism, ID creationism, or similar.  For this reason, the concept of natural intelligence (and its various metaphysical implications) needs to be judged according to its own merits.


Visit 
 
http://www.psychoactive-media.com/metanoia/metanoia.htm#PayPal 

to buy the Metanoia DVD.