File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:04:02

[Video]
Resolution : 1920x1080
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 23.98
BitRate : 4446 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.09 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Ghost" is a song by Canadian singer–songwriter Fefe Dobson from her second (released) studio album, Joy. It officially impacted mainstream radio on May 11, 2010. The song was released as the lead single from the album in Canada on June 21, 2010 and two weeks later on July 6, 2010 in the United States by 21 Music and Island Records. The song has received success in Canada, constantly gaining sales and airplay. It has so far peaked at #18 on the Canadian Hot 100.

The music video was released on June 28.

The video starts off with Dobson leaving the club while her song "Watch Me Move" is playing. Her face suddenly goes blank as she discovers her significant other kissing another girl in the back of a red Dodge Challenger. The songs starts as she peers through the open window. She is then seen dancing around the Challenger in black and white leather outfits. It also shows her boyfriend dreaming many hallucinations where he thinks Dobson is there, but she really isn't. When the second verse starts, he wakes up. There are shots of him aggressively playing the drums and his new girlfriend trying to comfort him as he gives her the cold shoulder. There are also scenes where Dobson is seen dancing on and around a bare bed in an abandoned building. During the second chorus, the boyfriend is shown secretly looking at pictures of him and Dobson, and neglecting a dinner his new girlfriend made for him but instead wandering the street. He hallucinates again and sees Dobson in the Challenger while they are making-out in the back, explaining that she caught him. During the breakdown of the song, he starts scratching his arm and a tattoo with Dobson singing appears, with the words "I Haunt You In Every Dream" underneath. He wakes up realizes it was just a dream, and tries to fall back asleep, only to find Dobson is sleeping next to him. When he looks back it is his girlfriend again, but now Dobson is dancing upside down from the ceiling, but then she disappears. The video ends as Dobson sets the mattress on fire, and his girlfriend leaves angrily because she found the pictures of Dobson hiding in his dresser.

The song has only charted on the Canadian Hot 100, debuting at #98 on the issue dated June 19, 2010. The song has reached it's highest peak of #18 so far on the July 31, 2010 chart due to high airplay and digital downloads.

Joy is the second (released) studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Fefe Dobson. It is set to be released on October 5, 2010.


My Videos: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/