Andy Dick - Do Your Shows Always Suck - 2007

Review	by David Jeffries

This isn't the album to buy if you're curious or "sort of" into Andy Dick. You have to be a major fan to sit through all of Do Your Shows Always Suck?, and while it is hilarious in parts, it is woefully sloppy. Being a scatterbrained, raging bisexual who always has one foot in rehab is Dick's shtick, so it would be silly to expect something tidy, but there are and have been plenty of other reckless comedians who packaged their chaos with the audience in mind. They feel spontaneous; this feels unrehearsed as it rambles off in every direction with long stretches between punch lines. The shocking songs with acoustic guitars are the highlights and they appear with greater frequency on the album's superior second half. Sight jokes aren't edited out and Dick isn't that good of an improviser, either, with any interruption from the audience throwing him off, forcing him to use sick-o potty humor to worm his way out of it. Being there is probably a totally different story since Dick's mannerisms and "look" are important to the whole package. Do Your Shows Always Suck? seems completely unaware of this and even the biggest Andy Dick fan would have to admit he could be packaged much better than this. 

Andy Dick - 01 - Therapy
Andy Dick - 02 - Squirrels
Andy Dick - 03 - One Friends
Andy Dick - 04 - I'm Adopted
Andy Dick - 05 - Ellen DeGeneres
Andy Dick - 06 - Poke A Hontas
Andy Dick - 07 - Beautiful Urinal
Andy Dick - 08 - Homecoming King
Andy Dick - 09 - Niggers!
Andy Dick - 10 - Water On The Brain
Andy Dick - 11 - Cock & Balls
Andy Dick - 12 - My Mother
Andy Dick - 13 - Cancerous Testical
Andy Dick - 14 - Look At Me
Andy Dick - 15 - Ballad Of Andy
Andy Dick - 16 - Punkin' Lovin'
Andy Dick - 17 - Before AYDS Came Out
Andy Dick - 18 - Good Luck With That
Andy Dick - 19 - Chocolate Martini
Andy Dick - 20 - Little Brown Ring
Andy Dick - 21 - Damn Good Pussy
Andy Dick - 22 - Do Your Shows Always Suck
Andy Dick - 23 - Dirty Sanchez-v-Hot Karl
Andy Dick - 24 - Jerkin' Off A Wombat
Andy Dick - 25 - Trash-Elle
Andy Dick - 26 - Would You Rather
Andy Dick - 27 - Another Great Day For Drugs
Andy Dick - 28 - Mom, You Fucking Whore
Andy Dick - 29 - Where Did I Go Wrong
Andy Dick - 30 - Dip Your Cock In Vodka
Andy Dick - 31 - My Friend Drank So Much Liquor
Andy Dick - 32 - Leonard's Ass Is Bleeding
Andy Dick - 33 - Bartender Friendly
Andy Dick - 34 - Angry Pirate