Not madison square garden or Kew gardens but smack in the middle of James Brown’s extensive catalog is a nearly forgotten release from May 1967: Live At The Garden. Like so many other live records of the era, it was overshadowed by Brown’s blazing landmark album Live At The Apollo, then further eclipsed a year later by another Apollo LP. Adding to the obscurity is that, although intended to highlight Soul Brother No. 1’s groundbreaking ascension to headlining status at New York’s Madison Square Garden, the album was actually recorded over several performances at a nightclub in Cherry Hill, New Jersey 

We’ve got two hours of straight-ahead JBE: the opening instrumental set, with the boss leading his incredible orchestra from behind the organ, including 10 minutes of “Night Train,” and, for the first time, the full Star Time portion of the show - highlighted by an unedited version of “Papa’s Got A Brand New Bag,” tracks left off the LP including “It’s A Man’s Man’s Man’s World” and “Come Rain Or Come Shine,” and some alternate versions of what was included on the album.
The collection’s unreleased material, newly mixed from the original four-track master tapes - and sonically rescued from the venue’s haphazard recording techniques - captures the raw excitement of James Brown Experience circa ‘67, resulting in a soaring, searing revue of emerging funk and hit ballads. This Expanded Edition is also unique to all other James Brown live albums, as it features JB and band in a nightclub, not a theater or arena, with a delightfully casual pacing unheard anywhere else. 



Disc 1

   1. Out Of Sight
   2. Bring It Up
   3. Try Me
   4. Let Yourself Go
   5. Hip Bag '7
   6. Prisoner Of Love
   7. It May Be The Last Time
   8. I Got You (I Feel Good)
   9. Ain'tThat A Groove - Part 1
  10. Ain't That A Groove - Part 2
  11. Please, Please, Please
  12. Bring It Up (Finale)
  13. Live At The Latin Casino
  14. Introduction - Vonsheliah
  15. The King
  16. Wade In The Water
  17. Devil's Den/Get Loose/Jabo
  18. Night Train

 Disc 2

   1. Live At The Latin Casino: Star Time!
   2. Introduction/Out Of Sight
   3. Bring It Up
   4. Try Me
   5. Come Rain Or Come Shine
   6. Papa's Got A Brand New Bag
   7. Prisoner Of Love
   8. Maybe The Last Time
   9. I Got You (I Feel Good)
  10. James Brown Thank You
  11. It's A Man's Man's Man's World
  12. Ain' That A Groove
  13. Please, Please, Please
  14. Bring It Up (Finale)
  15. Let Yourself Go (Instrumental Jam) (After Show)
  16. Let Yourself Go (False Start) (After Show)
