In 1946 Lisa Held, a survivor of the concentration 

camp at Auschwitz, falls into the hands of ex-Nazi 

Thorens, who promises to smuggle her into Palestine; 

actually he is a white slaver who plans to ship her to 

South America. She is saved when Dutch policeman Peter 

Jongman, who is plagued by his failure to save his 

fiancée from death at the hands of the Nazis, 

accidentally kills Thorens. Jongman then decides to 

atone for the past by seeing that Lisa reaches 

Palestine. He gets them both work on a Dutch barge 

owned by Captain Brandt, who takes them to Tangiers. 

There, a flamboyant smuggler, Van der Pink, arranges 

passage for them to Palestine. During Lisa's medical 

examination, Peter discovers that the Nazis had used 

her for surgical experimentation, a series of 

operations which have made her incapable of being a 

wife or mother. Peter also learns that he is wanted 

back in London for questioning about the death of 

Thorens. Since he knows the British are planning to 

block Lisa's illegal entry into Palestine, he makes a 

deal with one of their agents: if Lisa is allowed to 

enter the country, he will surrender himself to the 

British police. Once he has accomplished his mission 

and Lisa is delivered into the hands of the Haganah, 

Peter leaves to keep his rendezvous with the British 

authorities. 
 

Cast & Crew
Philip Dunne Director 
Stephen Boyd as Peter Jongman
Dolores Hart as Lisa Held
Leo McKern as Brandt
Hugh Griffith as Van der Pink
Donald Pleasence as Sergeant Wolters
Harry Andrews as Ayoob
Robert Stephens as Dickens
Marius Goring as Thorens
Finlay Currie as De Kooi
Harold Goldblatt as Dr. Mitropoulous
Neil McCallum as Browne 

Release Date Jan 1962

Color/BW Color (DeLuxe)

Sound Mono

Production Dates not available 

Alternate Title "The Inspector"

Duration 112 mins

Premiere Information
New York opening: 24 May 1962 

Distribution Company
Twentieth Century--Fox Film Corp. 

Production Company
Red Lion Productions