Mike Holmes is back with an all new series to help homeowners who have been victims of home inspections gone wrong. 
Featuring the well-known host of Holmes on Homes, this new series shines a spotlight on innocent homeowners facing massive repair bills and dangerous living conditions due to incompetence within the unregulated home inspection industry.
Each show offers a unique dilemma faced by house purchasers who, misled by a vague or evasive home inspection, now face a daunting renovation or potential health threat. 
Disillusioned and now distrusting, they call in Mike to offer a personal Holmes Inspection and assessment and to “Make It Right”™.

Episodes

Season 1

1.	Soaked (October 1, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a townhouse with a mysterious leak in the bathroom, caused by a hole in the bathtub itself. A further glance at the home reveals a dangerous lack of insulation and a basement window drywalled from the inside that is dangerously close to a gas meter.

2.	Frigid Floor (October 8, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house with a kitchen addition with overloaded electrical circuits and a permeating odour.

3.	Abated Breath (October 15, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house, where something in the home is threatening the health of the homeowners and their young family.

4.	Exhausting the Issue (October 22, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house that had been "flipped" (renovated by a previous homeowner for the purpose of selling it at a higher price), but finds that the featured stone fireplace, among other things, is shoddily done.

5.	Go with the Flow (October 29, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house with two fireplaces, which are hiding a major problem the home inspectors had overlooked.

6.	Holding It In (November 5, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house on the request of a homeowner who had found mould growing on their children's toys. A further look into their storage closet reveals that it was a room that should have never been closed in.

7.	Troubled Waters (November 12, 2009) - The Holmes Crew visit a house, whose home inspector had missed several glaring problems, and attempts to fix them only made things worse.

8.	Full of Surprises (November 19, 2009) - The Holmes Crew visit a house that was rated "eight out of ten" by a home inspector, but freezing pipes and backed up drains are hiding an "eight out of ten" potential for disaster.

9.	No More Down and Out (November 26, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house which had seemed okay... until a satellite dish installer discovers that the roof was rotten and the dish could not be installed.

10.	Heated Issue (December 3, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house with an old rotting ductwork system that must be totally redone.

11.	A Hole Lot of History - Part 1 (December 10, 2009) - The Holmes Crew arrive at an old historical house, where major issues were popping up despite the home inspector's claims that there were none. Most problems were attributed to a hole in the foundation which had been concealed. This episode was previously titled Historical Hell.

12.	A Hole Lot of History - Part 2 (December 17, 2009)

13.	Watch Your Step (January 7, 2010) - The Holmes Crew find themselves at a suburban home which has more house than furniture, due to the problems that have popped up.

14.	A Century Ago (April 15, 2010) - The Holmes Crew arrive at the request of the homeowners, whose home inspection report stated that only minor do-it-yourself repairs were needed. When the homeowners proceeded to do these fixes, however, it becomes clear that these issues were greatly understated.

15.	A Stitch in Time (April 22, 2010) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house where the home inspector missed signs of obvious neglect that could lead directly to much bigger issues.

16.	No Breathing Room (April 29, 2010) - The Holmes Crew fix a house that was hastily inspected, and find that the house has electrical issues that make it unsafe for the homeowners' children, as well as a roofing problem that causes mould to appear in every wall of the house. This episode was previously titled Wonky Wiring. The episode is dedicated to Robert Graves, one of the roofers whose company regularly appeared on Mike Holmes' series since the beginning of Holmes on Homes, and became the exclusive roofers for the series since the third season therein. Graves had been killed in an auto accident on Ontario Highway 11 north of Barrie, Ontario on September 18, 2009, and this episode was his last appearance on the series prior to his death.

17.	New Beginnings (May 6, 2010) - The Holmes Crew help a policewoman on disability who downsized to a townhouse that she could afford for herself and her daughter.

18.	Sump-Thing New (May 13, 2010) - The Holmes Crew help a couple (victims of a previous bad home inspection) who decided to upgrade to a new house, confident that it would have fewer problems. Once again, the home inspector reported only minor issues, but missed other bigger problems.

19.	Acres of Pain (May 20, 2010) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a dream house built on three acres that has much more serious safety issues than what was mentioned in the home inspection report.

20.	Back to the Drawing Board (May 27, 2010) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house that was negotiated down in price based on the issues raised in the home inspection report. The homeowners put in thousands of dollars and hours into repairs, but they're now discovering things the home inspector missed.

21.	Terminated (June 3, 2010) - The Holmes Crew help a family with asbestos wrapped ducts which the home inspector saw, but said that the house was beautifully renovated so there was no need to disturb them. However, the house hides a serious termite infestation that threatens to compromise the home's integrity.

22.	A Load of Trouble - Part 1 (June 10, 2010) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a house where issues with sloped floors and sticking doors on the second floor are far more serious than reported. After a further series of inspections revealing that portionsof the house were caving in or were in danger of doing so, the Holmes crew are forced to gut the house and rebuild it from the ground up. This episode was previously titled Beam Me Up.

23.	A Load of Trouble - Part 2 (June 17, 2010)

24.	Headroom Headache (June 24, 2010) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a home that has problems in the backyard. The home inspector pointed out a few things that needed doing, but downplayed the homeowners' concerns. This episode was previously titled Morale Support.

25.	Plumb Unlucky (July 1, 2010) - The Holmes Crew help a woman who decided to skip the home inspection. Now she has toilets that don't flush, a shower that takes days to drain, some odd wiring and no heat in the kitchen.

26.	Heads Up Heating (July 8, 2010) - The Holmes Crew arrive at a home where the family room and two bedrooms are freezing, and the kitchen windows are leaking water. This episode was previously titled Cold Feet.
