From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:

When Logan did such a great job showing Dawson the ropes in their recent video, and I saw just what skill Logan had at breaking in (a guy he thought was) a total newbie to man-on-man sex, I thought to myself just how fun it'd be to put together a similar scene, yet with someone who truly was totally new to guy and guy action and hadn't done anything with another male before. Ryan was the perfect candidate - another total stud, All-American, ripped body, hot face, and set to experience his first gay sex session.

What better place than the hot tub, where the last scene we'd shot there had been such a scorcher?! And so I got Logan and Ryan together, had them get in the tub, and again let them chill and hang out and get to know each other. Logan really is just amazing at what he does, and it didn't take him long at all to get Ryan comfy and rearin' to go. They make out like two guys really in to and enjoying each other, grope, feel each other up as their hands roam all over each other's smooth bodies, and then Logan gives Ryan an expert cock-sucking.

It was then time for Ryan to return the favor, so the guys moved on to the bedroom so that Ryan could start practicing those dick-sucking skills on his new buddy. Ryan and Logan were really having a blast, and a lot of their facial expressions made it super clear they were feeling good and totally in to it. Sure, a guy can't help but be nervous his first time having sex with another guy. Hell, I was - and I'm gay! Imagine being a straight guy in that situation! But once guys like Ryan and Logan take the plunge and then realize just how great it all feels - a wet mouth on your dick that knows what makes a cock feel good, a tight asshole, or even having your own hole plugged - it's all about fun and pleasure!

Now it was time to show Ryan the real fun, and Logan gets up and mounts Ryan, riding him for awhile and getting them both worked up and ever more eager to pound and be pounded away. Ryan's got a pretty damn good-sized cock, and you could tell Logan was feeling every inch of it in him - especially when they get in to the doggy position and Ryan starts to really give it to him good and hard. The last position they get in to is the one that's really become Logan's favorite (you could tell when Mason and Dawson drilled him, especially). With Ryan fucking him in the missionary position and on his back, Logan blows his wad while Ryan's big dick is deep up in him.

After that, Logan is ever the selfless giver and finishes off Ryan with some hot jo/bj combo action, drawing an explosive climax out of Ryan.

With all this hot tub action as of late, I'm wondering if my pool cleaning bill is going to shoot through the roof at some point. But hey, it'd be damn worth it even if it did, so long as that hot tub was the classroom for some CF Education 101 courses :)