CONSPIRACY OF SILENCE (1994) - LONGER VERSION- THE FRANKLIN SCANDAL

YORKSHIRE TELEVISION. PRODUCER: NICK GREY, DIRECTOR: TIM TATE.

Available to stream or download online: 
http://www.archive.org/details/ConspiracyOfSilence1994-LongerVersion-TheFranklinScandal



ConspiracyOfSilenceRedo.mpg

Length: 0:59:53
Dimensions: 720x480
Data rate: 2400kbps
Total bitrate: 2528kbps
Frame rate: 29 frames/second
Audio: 128kbps 48kHz, 2 (stereo)


Author and researcher Nick Bryant has come across a new and longer rough draft copy of Conspiracy of Silence.  This copy of the documentary was the version intended for broadcast in Britain & Ireland. It still has attached a partial piece of the opening sequence for "first Tuesday" which was a documentary series that ran once a month.  Nick Bryant and the production company which produced the documentary Horns & Halos will be using some of this unaired, banned footage for an upcoming documentary titled "A Carefully Crafted Hoax" ( http://rumur.com/hoax ).  Nick has made the longer version of Conspiracy of Silence available on his website, FranklinScandal.com, and Joe Uman, a member of http://www.franklinfiles.net , has added information to the beginning of this new copy and archived it on() and archive.org.  

RECENTLY DISCOVERED LONGER, HIGHER QUALITY VERSION OF THE "UNAIRED" 1993/1994 YORKSHIRE TELEVISION INVESTIGATIVE DOCUMENTARY "CONSPIRACY OF SILENCE". CONCERNING A NETWORK OF PAEDOPHILE RINGS IN NEBRASKA & WASHINGTON D.C. THAT TRADED YOUNG CHILDREN TO THE POLITICAL, BUSINESS & INSTITUTIONAL ESTABLISHMENT FOR MOLESTATION, DRUG TRAFFICKING & BLACKMAIL. 
http://www.franklinscandal.com



Conspiracy of Silence is a powerful, disturbing documentary revealing a U.S. child sex abuse and pedophilia ring that leads to the highest levels of government. Featuring intrepid investigator John DeCamp, a highly decorated Vietnam war veteran and 16-year Nebraska state senator, Conspiracy of Silence reveals how rogue elements at all levels of government have been involved in systematic child sex abuse and pedophilia to feed the base desires of key politicians.

Based on DeCamp's riveting book, The Franklin Cover-up, Conspiracy of Silence begins with the shut-down of Nebraska's Franklin Community Federal Credit Union after a raid by federal agencies in November 1988 revealed that $40 million was missing. When the Nebraska legislature launched a probe into the affair, what initially looked like a financial swindle soon exploded into a startling tale of drugs, money laundering, and a nationwide child sex abuse ring. Nineteen months later, the legislative committee's chief investigator died suddenly and violently. A dozen others linked to the Franklin case investigation died strange and mysterious deaths.

So why have you never heard of the Franklin cover-up? Originally scheduled to air in May of 1994 on the Discovery Channel, Conspiracy of Silence was yanked at the last minute due to formidable pressure applied by top politicians. Some very powerful people did not want you to watch this documentary.


Note: The Washington Times published a highly revealing, front-page headline and story on the Franklin case. For a transcript of this astonishing Times article and link to a scanned original, visit here:

For an excellent website filled with information about the Franklin case:
http://www.franklincase.org

To read dozens of media articles on the Franklin case which led to Conspiracy of Silence:
http://www.franklincase.org/newspaper-articles

For other highly reliable information on the secret mind control programs behind the sex abuse:

For revealing, declassified documents related to Conspiracy of Silence:

Note that the official documents at the link immediately above identify a group called the Finders based in Washington, D.C. An FBI and customs investigation definitively linked the Finders to organized child sex abuse, child pornography, blood rituals, and much more. The investigation revealed vast amounts of documents implicating a massive, lucrative child sex abuse ring that was international in scope. The paragraph below is a quote from a statement at the end of the final document showing how the investigation was stopped by the CIA. Why do you think that might have happened? Explore the links above to find out.

"I was advised ... of circumstances which indicated that the investigation in the activity of the FINDERS had become a CIA internal matter. The MPD [Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Police Department] report has been classified secret and was not available for review. I was advised the FBI had withdrawn from the investigation. The FBI Foreign Counterintelligence Division had directed MPD not to advise the FBI Washington Field Office of anything that had transpired. No further information will be available. No further action will be taken."