Source: TV

File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 01:00:00

[Video]
Resolution : 720x540
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 1723 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.15 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz
BitRate : 320 Kbps


Gary Allan: Live From the House of Blues

GAC brings you this incredible one-hour Gary Allan concert special filmed live at the House of Blues in Chicago.  Gary performs a mix of hits from his new album Get Off On The Pain and his previous releases.  Gary and the band kick off the show with lead track "Get Off On The Pain" then flow right into "She's So California."  Gary rocks the packed house for the rest of the show featuring performances of "Nothing On But The Radio," "Learning How To Bend," and an emotional "Best I Ever Had."  Gary will blow you away with acoustic versions of "Right Where I Need To Be" and "Songs About Rain," and then, after several more huge hits, he caps off the show with "Watching Airplanes."

Throughout the show Gary shares personal stories and talks through the power and motivation behind his songs all while he gets the finishing touches on a new tattoo.  This is Gary Allan like you've never seen him before.

Gary Allan Herzberg (born December 5, 1967) is an American country music artist, known professionally as Gary Allan.

Signed to Decca Records in 1996, Allan made his debut on the United States country music scene with the release of his single "Her Man", the lead-off to his gold-certified debut album Used Heart for Sale, which was released in 1996 on Decca Records. A second album, It Would Be You, followed in 1998 on Decca. Allan's third album, Smoke Rings in the Dark, was his first album for MCA Nashville (to which he has been signed ever since) and the first platinum album of his career. Its successors, Alright Guy (2001) and See If I Care (2003), were all certified platinum as well, while 2005's Tough All Over and 2007's Greatest Hits were both certified gold. A seventh studio album, Living Hard, was released later in 2007.

Overall, Allan's seven studio albums and Greatest Hits package have produced twenty-two singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, including three that reached Number One: "Man to Man" and "Tough Little Boys" in 2003, and "Nothing On but the Radio" in 2004. Seven more of his singles have reached the Top Ten on this chart as well: "Her Man", "It Would Be You", "Right Where I Need to Be", "The One", "Best I Ever Had" (a cover of a Vertical Horizon song), "Life Ain't Always Beautiful", and "Watching Airplanes". Allan's latest album, Get Off on the Pain, was released on March 9, 2010. 


This video is the complete show with commercials.



My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

