Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Soulcreek" is a track written by the Kentucky-based Black Stone Cherry and the official fourth single from their latest released album, Folklore And Superstition. The band was sending Soulcreek to rock radio on September 7th.

The song peaked at #33 in Mainstream Rock Charts and #31 in Rock Songs Charts.

Folklore and Superstition is the second studio album by Black Stone Cherry.

The band recorded the album at Black Bird Studios, which is owned and operated by country artist Martina McBride, in Nashville, Tennessee. It was produced and mixed by veteran rock producer Bob Marlette (Alice Cooper, Ozzy Osbourne, Saliva, Seether, Shinedown). The album was available for audio streaming through NME as of August 13, 2008. The week beginning the 24th of August, the album reached the number one position in the UK Rock Album Chart in its debut week, and number 23 on the main Top 200 UK Albums Chart. It debuted in Sweden at #50.

Black Stone Cherry is a southern rock band formed on June 4, 2001 in Edmonton, Kentucky, USA. They are signed to Roadrunner Records. The band is composed of Chris Robertson (lead vocals, guitar), "The Looks of the Band", Ben Wells (guitar, background vocals), John Lawhon (bass guitar, background vocals), and John Fred Young (drums, background vocals), son of The Kentucky Headhunters' rhythm guitarist Richard Young. Black Stone Cherry has released two studio albums and three EPs, and has charted six singles on the U.S. Mainstream Rock Tracks charts.

Black Stone Cherry's music is often associated with bands like Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Black Crowes, and Led Zeppelin to a lesser extent. While there are clear influences in Black Stone Cherry’s music, they have created their own style to a great extent. The musical tone and composition of Black Stone Cherry is very comparable to that of Brand New Sin and Zakk Wylde's Pride and Glory.

The song writing of Black Stone Cherry is often praised for great storytelling and delivering a strong message. For example, the song "Lonely Train" is about the effect on families when a relative goes to fight in a war. The song "Rain Wizard" is about a local legend of mysterious wisemen who could bring the rain in times of drought. "Backwoods Gold" is about a local man who ran moonshine out of the hardware store in the middle of Edmonton.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

