Blues Traveler - Four (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 /15texas band files 

Category Rock, Alternative, Rock/Pop 
Label A & M 
Orig Year 1994 
All Time Sales Rank 6907 
CD Universe Part number 1094239 
Catalog number 540265 
Discs 1 
Release Date Sep 13, 1994 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Engineer Michael Barbiero 
Recording Time 56 minutes 
Personnel John Popper - vocals, guitar, harmonica 
Brendan Hill - drums, percussion 
Chan Kinchla - acoustic guitar, electric guitar, mandolin, background vocals 
Bobby Sheehan - background vocals 


1. Run-Around 
2. Stand 
3. Look Around 
4. Fallible 
5. Mountains Win Again, The 
6. Freedom 
7. Crash Burn 
8. Price to Pay 
9. Hook 
10. Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, The 
11. Just Wait 
12. Brother John 

"Run-Around" won a 1996 Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal. 

Already established as a reputable act due to years of drop-dead touring, FOUR is the album that has broken Blues Traveler through to widespread ... Full Descriptionpopularity, becoming their first best-seller. Singer John Popper's frenetic harp coupled with guitarist Chan Kinchla's chicken-scratch rhythm playing make for a potent one-two punch that goes far in distinguishing Blues Traveler from the hordes of similar "Grateful Dead Baby Bands" that have cropped up in recent years. And while the band still retains that musical formula, FOUR explores other levels of their organic boogie. 

Scaling back the over-extended jams of their previous records, Blues Traveler has returned as a much leaner unit. Opening with the airy "Run-Around," FOUR dabbles with pretty ballads ("Look Around") as well as more upbeat and sunny fare ("Hook"). Guest Warren Haynes' guitar playing gives "The Mountain Wins Again" a heavy Allman Brothers flavor, and Paul Shaffer's funky organ fills on "Stand" tango with Popper's scat-like vocal delivery. 

The road is still Blues Traveler's true calling--it is, after all, where they became the dynamic musical force they are today. But for a studio album made by an acknowledged live band, FOUR makes for one helluva rest stop. 

Recorded at Bearsville Studios, Woodstock, New York. 

Producers: Steve Thompson, Michael Barbiero. 
 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce 
 
 
 
 
 
