HARTFORD, Connecticut – On August 13, 2009 Greater Hartford’s own Patrick ‘Klokwize’ O’Sullivan taps into unconventional sound with his 3rd full-length studio album, Happy Camper.


The first two singles from Happy Camper, “On My Way” and “Speed Kills”, serve up a combination of depth and widespread coming-of-age appeal. As one peruses the album it is easy to take notice of the diversification and artist’s growth intertwined within each song.


“My goal when I began working this album was to create a tangible body of work that maintained continuity… but I ended up delving even deeper. As you progress song by song, you’ll notice the effort exerted in making each song distinctive. The angle we employed allows for listeners to explore the vast array of sound mixed with the words I’ve put down. I’ve never forgotten where I’ve come from,” he explains. “This album pays homage to my modest beginnings spitting on street corners, to honing my technique at the Greater Hartford Academy of the Arts, to working with the Hartbeat Ensemble. Those experiences have allowed me to become more experimental with my work. I wanted people to take the title as a sarcastic pun because really, is anyone a Happy Camper?”


The release of Happy Camper on Thursday, August 13th is culminated with an album release party at Sully’s Pub ( 2071 Park St. , Hartford ). Additional copies are obtainable at Solid Gold in Hartford at 38 Kane Street . Online sales will be available beginning August 31st on ITunes, Amazon, Rhapsody and Napster.


“Over the past 7 years music and hip-hop enthusiasts have responded to me in a positive manner. What they see is an individual who’s been logging the long hours. I recognize that paying your dues is part of the process and I’ve embraced that whole heartedly. It’s all about perfecting your craft. Once you do, you just follow the wave,” Klokwize said.


By utilizing the internet, Klokwize has been successful in corralling listeners and fans.


“We’ve been hitting Myspace, Facebook andhard. By going viral, we’ve expanded our outreach to a more targeted demographic of listeners. It’s all about grassroots. We’re reaching out to fans one person at a time and delivering that personal touch,” states Klokwize.
