DORIAN GRAY 2009 DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
format Avi
size/res 480x272[wide screen]
run-time 01:43:41
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp5

AUDIO CODEC mp3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
a/v sync basic

CAST

Ben Barnes
Colin Firth
Rebecca Hall
Ben Chaplin
Emilia Fox
Rachel Hurd-Wood

Plot

When a naïve young Dorian (Ben Barnes) arrives in Victorian London, he is swept into a social whirlwind by the charismatic Lord Henry Wotton (Colin Firth), who introduces Dorian to the hedonistic pleasures of the city. Henry's friend, society artist Basil Hallward (Ben Chaplin), paints a portrait of Dorian to capture the full power of his youthful beauty. When the portrait is unveiled, Dorian makes a flippant pledge: he would give anything to stay as he is in the picture — even his soul.

Dorian meets and falls in love with young budding actress Sibyl Vane (Rachel Hurd-Wood). After a few weeks, he proposes marriage to her, but after Henry tells Dorian that having children is "the beginning of the end", Dorian and Sibyl argue and he leaves her; the next day he learns that she has killed herself. His initial grief disappears as Henry persuades him that all events are mere experiences and without consequence, and his hedonistic lifestyle worsens, distancing him from a concerned Basil. Dorian goes home to find the portrait of himself warped and twisted and realises that his pledge has come true; while the portrait ages he remains ever-youthful, while his sins show as physical defects on the canvas. The chaos of the picture of Dorian Gray starts, leading to him actually killing Basil and dumping the body in the Thames after Basil sees the portrait.

Having left London to travel for some years, Dorian returns to find himself becoming close to Henry's daughter, Emily, a member of the suffragette movement, despite Henry's distaste for such a relationship based on Dorian's lifestyle. Although Dorian appears genuinely interested in changing his ways as he spends time with Emily, matters are complicated when he is confronted by Sibyl's brother James, seeking revenge for his sister's death; despite Dorian's attempts to drive off his suspicions by pointing out his apparent age, James nevertheless deduces Dorian's true identity, only to be killed in a fight in the underground. As Dorian makes arrangements to leave London with Emily, Henry's study of old photographs makes him realise how little Dorian has changed, prompting him to go to Dorian's house, where he discovers the portrait. In the subsequent confrontation between the two men, the portrait catches on fire, driving Dorian to send Henry and Emily out of the house as his years catch up with him, his last act being to stab the portrait.

A few months later, Henry is shown attempting to convince his ex-wife to allow him to talk to Emily, one side of his face badly burned by the fire, and the now-youthful portrait of Dorian Gray kept in his attic. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1235124/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY THANKS

SCREEN SHOTS 
http://img197.imageshack.us/img197/9017/doriangray2009dvdripvic.jpg