The Phantom Three - Fuckin'-A That's A-Rockin'

1. Bad Feelings - 4:34
2. Victory Auto Wreckers - 2:38
3. Hard Times - 3:04
4. Stampede - 3:09
5. Snake Farm - 1:59
6. Out of Hand - 3:00
7. Twilight - 4:10
8. Womanly Charms -2:57
9. Make-Out Party 1988 - 2:58
10. What the Ouija Board Told Me - 2:58
11. Cool Your Jets (Hidden Track) - 2:19


Have you ever been saved by a song?

Who hasn't? When you’re fifteen and your folks are getting split up and your girlfriend suddenly says she wants nothing to do with you and you see her driving off with that mullet-head, you know the one with the white Firebird, what ever in the world saved you?

A mix tape, probably. Some pal of yours, some girl like Kate, who knew of all the really cool bands before anyone else, before MTV even, probably handed you a blank cassette tape, one she had spent the time loading with the best songs she knew, from the best bands, and probably in those bad, bad moments, that mix tape somehow saved you.

A couple of years ago, on the way home from some shows we played in Texas, Jake put in this mix tape a friend of his had made for him. It was The Mummies, The Oblivions, Rocket From The Crypt, Pussy Galore, even some old Rolling Stones. It was a rock/roll masterpiece. When I popped the tape out of the player, it said, "Fuckin’-A, That’s A-Rockin’" on the hand-written label. We wanted this record to sound like that, a kind of rocking, heartbreaking mix tape your best friend might have made for you.

The Phantom Three are: Professor Joe Meno, vocals and guitar, with Mark Zambo, on drums, and Jake Silker, saxophonist. Having just released their second full-length record on Sonic Records, entitled, "Fuckin’-A, That’s A-Rockin’," they do what they do, because they hope one good song can save you.

The Phantom Three combine the high intensity punk of the Misfits, with the foot-stomping, striptease swagger of the Rolling Stones. They have played w/ such great rock acts as Link Wray, 20 Miles with Judah Bauer of the Blues Explosion, Bob Log III, the Demolition Dollrods, the Candy Snatchers, Jucifer, the Dirtbombs, and the Mooney Suzuki. 