Abraham-Hicks 2008-08-10 San Francisco, CA 4CDs


EnJoy and Share - Please Seed

For more Abraham-Hicks_Torrents see webpage at:
 
http://sites.google.com/site/abrahamhickstorrents/

There you can check what Abraham-Hicks material is available on the net for free download via torrents and for you to have easier access for more of Abe's teachings.

========== 
Abraham-Hicks 2008-08-10 San Francisco, CA 4CDs  150 MB
 
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/product/F0828.html


CD ONE

11:04 When controlling the direction of your thoughts? 
4:34 When modifying “Thou shalt not kill” rules? 
4:22 Just don’t put unwanted on your plate. 
8:38 Law of Attraction and your Vibrational interpretations. 
3:20 Art of Allowing and Law of Attraction. 
11:00 He has a question about “unconscious thoughts.” 
2:07 Will communication with transitioned son get clearer. 
16:55 She’s having control issues regarding her work. 

CD TWO

13:20 Must money-desiring retiree return to work? 
11:38 A new story for abundance-desiring retiree. 
4:21 She wants city; he wants country. 
10:14 Research his ancestors, or live in present? 
4:00 Is every time a “Time of Awakening”? 
5:20 Is acceptance of “Abraham” a cyclic thing? 
1:00 Will “Law of Attraction” ever become common place? 
2:20 Is Wikipedia of value to serious researchers? 

CD THREE

11:30 To harmonize with someone not in harmony? 
13:19 To control his angry knee-jerk reactions? 
9:27 Is this the right relationship or not? 
2:10 Why would one be without strong emotion? 
10:20 Every relationship is about relationship with self. 
5:53 How can he lock into meditational signal? 
2:42 Why would we enjoy the heightened drama? 
2:30 What is the real purpose of water?

CD FOUR

14:00 To create a harmonious, profitable, psychotherapy practice? 
6:12 Her suicidal patients are causing her fear. 
6:00 To feel better about her financial conditions? 
11:00 Movie maker’s getting paid in monkey points. 
7:00 If doctor gave up controlling his staff? 
8:17 Doctors are creating a new business website. 
15:00 Society has “incarcerated” her angry preteen son.
1:30 Abraham closes the Sunday San Francisco workshop.  

=========

From Daily Quotation 
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/

Being happy is the cornerstone of all that you are! Nothing is more important than that you feel good! And you have absolute and utter control about that because you can choose the thought that makes you worry or the thought that makes you happy; the things that thrill you, or the things that worry you. You have the choice in every moment. --- Abraham

"The Teachings of Abraham" is the original source material for the current Law of Attraction wave that is sweeping the world, and it is the 21st century inspiration for thousands of books, films, essays and lectures that are responsible for the current paradigm shift in consciousness. 

Here you will find accurate clarification of the basics of the Law of Attraction and practical applications as well as up-to-the-moment leading-edge expanding information regarding the Law of Attraction. (Also known as "The Teachings of Abraham")

This is the fountainhead of the information upon which the hit movie, “The Secret” was based.

Esther and Jerry Hicks
In 1985, Jerry and Esther Hicks began dialogs with Abraham, a name for a group of nonphysical teachers, who deliver an inspirational message of joy and well-being. Jerry and Esther travel to over forty cities every year, offering workshops where participants direct their questions to Abraham and learn ways to achieve all that is desired in life.  

Abraham, a group of obviously evolved teachers, speak their broader Non-physical perspective through the physical apparatus of Esther. Speaking to our level of comprehension, from their present moment to our now, through a series of loving, allowing, brilliant yet comprehensively simple, recordings in print and in sound -- they guide us to a clear connection with our Inner Being -- they guide us to self-upliftment from our total self. 

The Teachings of Abraham™ are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, which illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience.