. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean Scene Releases!


...................................NFO:....................................

.                                                                     
                                                               
                                                                    
                                                 
                                                     
                                                    
                                                    
                                                
                                               
                                          
                                                
                                             
                                                     
                                                             
                                                     
                                             
                  Reverse Engineering Digital Team                     
                                                                       
                                                                   
                                             
                    PROUDLY                        
                     PRESENT                         
                                      
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                                   
                                                     
                                                               
                                                                   
        Kristanixsoftware (c) Email Sender Deluxe v2.21            
                                                                   
                                                                   
   DATE......: 02/28/2010                                          
   SUPPLIER..: RED TEAM                                            
   CRACKER...: RED TEAM                                            
   PACKER....: RED TEAM                                            
   TYPE......: Crack                                               
   PROTECTION: Other                                               
   SIZE......: 03x.5.00MB                                          
   URL.......: http://www.kristanixsoftware.com/                   
                                                                   
                            
                                         
                             
                                                                   
                                                      
                                                      
                                          
                                    
                                                       
                                                     
                                                               
                                                                   
      The perfect tool for email marketing and newsletters!        
       With Email Sender Deluxe, sending out personalized          
        bulk email and newsletters to your customers and           
       clients just got a whole lot easier! Simply choose          
       your recipients, write your email and hit Send! You         
       can easily import recipients from databases, Excel,         
               text files or enter them manually.                  
                                                                   
       You can store email templates, so you don't have to         
     type the whole newsletter again the next time you send        
                              one.                                 
                                                                   
        If you send out newsletters regularly or need to           
     notify your customers about new products and services,        
            Email Sender Deluxe is here to help you!               
                       Features Highlight                          
                Send personalized emails quickly!                  
          Send emails to all your customers in a snap!             
             Easily import recipients from databases               
       Import from ODBC databases like Oracle, SQL Server,         
                     Access, MySQL and more.                       
                  Import recipients from files                     
       Import recipient details from text files, CSV files         
                     and Excel spreadsheets.                       
                     Easy-to-use HTML editor                       
      Use the powerful WYSIWYG editor to easily create your        
                          HTML emails.                             
          Easily manage multiple "from" email accounts             
      Each account can have its own email address and email        
                          server setup.                            
             Store email templates for re-use later                
           Quickly edit and send email you send often.             
                     Personalize each email                        
      You can insert recipient fields such as "First Name"         
                  or "Country" into your email.                    
                       Additional Features                         
            Preview all emails before they are sent.               
         Insert both embedded images and images that are           
                           linked to.                              
            Send file attachments to all recipients.               
      Send both plain text and HTML versions of the email.         
       Use multiple email encodings such as languages and          
                           standards.                              
       Send using multiple connections for maximum speed.          
               Automatically retry failed emails.                  
        Update latest recipients from databases and files          
                         automatically.                            
       Send using SMTP server, Direct Send (DNS) or Pickup         
                            Service.                               
       Easily manage "from" accounts, recipient groups and         
                        email templates.                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                
                                             
                                    
                                                                   
                                                      
                                                      
                                          
                                    
                                                       
                                                     
                                                               
                                                                   
                           1. read nfo                             
                            2. unpack                              
                           3. install                              
                         4. replace file                           
                 5. thank you for choosing RedT                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                    
                                             
                                            
                                                                   
                                                      
                                                      
                                          
                                    
                                                      
                                                     
                                                               
                      No News At The Moment                        
                                                                 
                  RedT is a closed group                     
                                                                   
                    Greetings To All Of You!                       
                                                                 
                                                      
                                                 
                                          
                                     
                       
                              
                
                  
                          
                      
                  
                      
                        
                                  
                                        
                                                  
                              
                                   
                                    
                                                    
                                                  
                                              
                                                      
                                                    
                                                         
                                                  
                                                  
                                  
                                                
                                                  
                                                       
                                                          
       ~2010                 VN!RcA