''Brazil'' - Modern Architectures in History

Autor do livro: Richard J. Williams
Formato: Inglês
Publicado por: Reaktion Books (www.reaktionbooks.co.uk)


Set against a backdrop of breathtaking natural beauty, Brazil's striking Modernist architecture has long garnered international acclaim. But these well-known works are not fully reflective of the built environment of Brazil, and in this volume, Richard Williams unearths the surprisingly rich and influential architectural heritage of Brazil. Spanning the period from the 1930s to the present, the book examines the variety of Modernist works in Brazil, including those by renowned architects such as Oscar Niemeyer and Lucio Costa and many others, including Roberto Burle Marx, Vilanova Artigas, Lina Bo Bardi, the Arquitectura Nova group and Paolo Mendes da Rocha, as well as more recent buildings by architects including Jaime Lerner, Joao Filgueiras Lima and Ruy Ohtake.

Williams focuses on key issues such as the use of historic architecture, the importance of leisure and luxury, the role of the favela as a backdrop and inspiration for development, the growth of cities, and the legacy of Brazil's Modernist architecture. From the designated world heritage site of Brasilia - a capital city that was planned from the ground up - to the installation work of artists such as Helio Oiticica, Brazil explores in depth the origins and complex meaning of Brazil's architectural Modernism. At a moment when the role of Latin America in global business and culture is growing in importance and attention, "Brazil" is an essential read for all scholars of architecture and Latin American history.


CONTENTS

1. The Politics of the Past

2. The Politics of Eros

3. Brasília, or the Politics of Progress

4. The Aesthetics of Poverty

5. The Politics of Liberation

6. The Politics of Spectacle

7. The Politics of Public Space

8. Brazil’s Legacies



Book Cover: http://eel.com.br/share.php?id=631C_4B96EBC3

Source: http://BrazilTorrents.com/torrents.php?id=399




