Living Language Russian Complete Course
Publisher: Delta Publishing
Year: 2005 
Format: PDF+MP3 
ISBN: 5946191357
Number of pages: 268
Size: 169 MB 

Quote: 
Russian Complete Course
Learn step-by-step with 40 lessons on book and CD Learn step-by-step with 40 lessons on book and CD
Grammar & usage explained throughout Grammar & usage explained throughout
Includes comprehensive reference sections Includes comprehensive reference sections
Most initial course of Russian language courses in the line leading U.S. publisher LIVING LANGUAGE. He will learn to speak, read and write in Russian, will lay the foundation on which you can continue to improve their knowledge. . Modern Course in Russian without problems "based on an effective method, which since 1960 is used for training in the Diplomatic Academy of the United States. In the first fourteen chapters selected the most important and basic elements for beginners to learnRussian. If you are able to devote the rate is only 30 minutes a day, a few weeks you will learn to speak and understand the main themes written ... based on the method of the natural course of learning, that is, we begin by studying the sounds, then phrases and single words and then proposals. All you need - listen to audio recording and repeat after the speaker, for whomRussian is their native language. Listen, speak, then plunge into the language. This complete course covers all aspects of language - oral communication skills, writing and grammar. In the book you will find English translations of all texts and audio recordings of short explanations of each lesson. The first fivelessons are to explain the rules of pronunciation, which is the basis for learning new words, phrases and grammar. If you have studied Russian before you can use the book for repetition and as a handbook on grammar, there is a table of irregular verbs and a directory of correspondence.

Course Materials
Book Living Language is intended for use as a guide, along with audio tapes.Contains the following sections:
40 lessons course
Fundamentals of Russian grammar
Tables of verbs and conjugations
Reference correspondence