Hello, dear users.

As far as I know, all torrents with ABBYY PDF Transformer Pro 2.0 on the piratebay do not seem to have proper crack or keygen. That is why I decided to make this release where everything works as it should.Fallow the simple instruction and use the license version for free.

Two-in-One PDF Conversion and Creation Utility

ABBYY PDF Transformer 2.0 Pro is an easy-to-use yet powerful tool combining two utilities ? PDF conversion and PDF creation ? in one product to help you improve your efficiency and productivity. In addition, PDF Transformer 2.0 Pro allows you to turn your scanned PDF images into searchable PDF files.
Full Layout Retention

When converting PDF files, ABBYY PDF Transformer not only captures text but also retains all formatting elements ? titles, tables, columns, pictures, charts, etc. There?s no need to retype or reformat your documents.

New automatic and manual area selection tools help to achieve the best results when converting PDFs with complex formatting.

PDF Transformer is able to capture and re-create hyperlinks and internal links in the output documents regardless of whether you are using it to convert PDFs to editable formats or to create PDF files from Office documents. For example if your document has links to web sites or table of contents page with links to other pages, these links will be reconstructed in the output document.

Integrated with Microsoft Office Applications

ABBYY PDF Transformer 2.0 Pro is fully integrated with Microsoft Office applications. With the built-in PDF Transformer tool bar, you can access the program and convert PDFs directly from within Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook by simply clicking a button. 
The product also provides the ability to create PDF files directly from Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint or Visio using the embedded toolbar.  You will have the option to save or email the PDF directly without having to save it.

One-Click Conversion from Windows Explorer

Integrated with Windows Explorer, ABBYY PDF Transformer allows you to convert PDF files to editable documents or turn office documents into PDF files with a single mouse-click. Simply right mouse click on the file and select the required option in the ABBYY PDF Transformer 2.0 menu.



Installation notes:

1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount CD-image.
3. Run "setup.exe" from CD main directory.
4. Use serial number key: FTEF-2010-0213-8744-1442 (it also can be found in CRACK  directory).