
"Star Trek Insurrection - The Original


Soundtrack"

Star Trek: Insurrection is a 1998 science fiction feature film, directed by Jonathan Frakes, written by Michael Piller (with the story developed by Rick Berman and Piller), and with music composed by Jerry Goldsmith. It is the ninth film in the Star Trek franchise, and the third to feature the cast from the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation. It revolves around the insurrection of the USS Enterprise-E as they discover that Starfleet has been conspiring with a species known as the Son'a to steal the planet of the peaceful Ba'ku for themselves.


Jerry Goldsmith originally intended to become a concert hall composer, but soon realized that the infrequency of concert hall commissions would never satisfy his hunger to write music (much less pay the bills). He began studying piano at the age of six, and was studying composition at age fourteen. He became acquainted with the legendary composer Miklós Rózsa, and attended his classes in film composition at the University of Southern California.



In 1950, he was employed as a clerk typist in the music department at CBS. It was there that he was given his first assignments as a composer for radio shows, such as Romance and CBS Radio Workshop. He would stay with CBS until 1960, having already scored some episodes of The Twilight Zone. He was hired by Revue Studios to score their Thriller series, which lead to further television commissions. He composed his first film score for the 1957 western Black Patch, which featured TOS guest actors Stanley Adams and Peter Brocco.



In 1962, Goldsmith was awarded his first Oscar nomination for his acclaimed score to the poorly-received John Huston picture Freud. At the same time, he became acquainted with influential film composer Alfred Newman, who, recognizing Goldsmith's talents, influenced Universal into hiring him to score the film Lonely Are The Brave in 1963. From then on, Goldsmith established himself as a leading name in American film music.



Jerry Goldsmith died of cancer on 21 July 2004 in Beverly Hills, California. He was 75 years old.



TRACKLIST



Star Trek: Insurrection 1998

by Jerry Goldsmith



01 Ba'Ku Village

02 In Custody

03 Childrens' Story

04 Not Functioning

05 New Sight

06 The Drones Attack

07 The Riker Maneuver

08 The Same Race

09 No Threat  

10 The Healing Process

11 End Credits   9.79 MB
