- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Classic Albums -  Nine Select Shows -  H.264.mp4 (my favorites from the series)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Classic Albums - Cream - Disraeli Gears
Classic Albums - Fleetwood Mac - Rumors
Classic Albums - Jimi Hendrix - Electric Ladyland
Classic Albums - Pink Floyd - The Dark Side Of The Moon
Classic Albums - Rush - 2112 & Moving Pictures
Classic Albums - Steely Dan- Aja
Classic Albums - The Who - Who's Next
Classic Albums - U2 - The Joshua Tree
Classic Albums - Tom Petty -Damn The Torpedoes

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Judging from the number of downloads of shows that I've packaged into  H.264 MP4's, there appears to be a large demand for these shows in a modern video container.  AVI's have become obsolete. 

However, to support these and future downloads I ask YOU KEEP SEEDING after your download is complete.   This will free up my bandwidth for new torrent uploads.  THANKS!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
I took the VIDEO TS files of the DVDs and ripped H.264 MP4 files.  A few were ripped from .avi's as I didn't have the DVD's.  The files have a suffix of .mp4 and it was ripped/converted using HandBrake 0.9.4 so they can be played on any current iPod, iPhone, iPad, Apple TV or in iTunes by changing the suffix to .m4v.  They can also be played on any compliant player.
===========================================================================
Classic Albums: Cream - Disraeli Gears
CREAM was rock's first true "super group". Combining the extraordinary talents of ERIC CLAPTON, GINGER BAKER and JACK BRUCE, this power trio became the template for many hard rock acts of the seventies. The band remains a huge influence on the genre even to this day.
Powered by hits such as "Strange Brew" and "Sunshine of Your Love", Cream's second album, DISRAELI GEARS, moved the band beyond the blues into hard-driving, psychedelic pop. This was the album that not only broke the group in the United States but also established Clapton as an international superstar.

This addition of Disraeli Gears to the acclaimed Classic Albums series features brand new interviews with Clapton, Baker and Bruce, along with lyricist Pete Brown, Atlantic Records founder Ahmet Ertegun, John Mayall and Manfred Mann. Also included on the DVD are acoustic performances, original studio tracks and archival live footage.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Classic Albums - Fleetwood Mac - Rumours
One of the most popular albums of all times, Fleetwood Mac's 1977 album "RUMOURS" spent 130 weeks on the U.S. Billboard album chart and won the Album of the Year award at the 1978 Grammy Awards. It has been certified for sales of 19 million albums by the RIAA.
The record almost wasn't made. John and Christine McVie were in the process of separating, the relationship of Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks was on the fritz, and the turmoil between the five members was high. These emotions were channeled into the songwriting process in Sausalito, California that became "RUMOURS". Featuring interviews with Mick Fleetwood, John McVie, Christine McVie, Lindsey Buckingham, and Stevie Nicks, along with the studio engineers and producers, "Rumours - Classic Album" tells the story of the making of this smash album.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Classic Albums - Jimi Hendrix: Electric Ladyland
Can an effective episode of Classic Albums be produced when its subject's creator has been dead for more than a quarter century? Perhaps surprisingly, the answer is yes. With Experience members Noel Redding and Mitch Mitchell, additional musicians on the order of Steve Winwood and Dave Mason, manager Chas Chandler, and engineer Eddie Kramer telling much of the story, Jimi Hendrix still stands front and center in this hourlong examination of the making of his most ambitious release, the 1968 double LP Electric Ladyland. The series's usual centerpiece (isolating parts of the multitrack tapes to illuminate the whole) is invaluable not only in demonstrating Hendrix's genius for building performances in the studio, but, by extension, implying how the music coming out of his head reflected his heart. The result is possibly the most moving documentary about Hendrix, and certainly one whose rare bits of film (such as a promotional clip for "Burning of the Midnight Lamp") make it even more invaluable.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Classic Albums: The Dark Side of the Moon
The most phenomenal recording in rock & roll history is thoroughly examined in Pink Floyd: The Dark Side of the Moon. The Floyd's 1973 masterpiece remained on bestseller charts for nearly 14 years, and its enduring importance is honored here by all four members of Pink Floyd and key personnel (engineer Alan Parsons, mixing supervisor Chris Thomas, sleeve designer Storm Thorgerson, and others) who played essential roles in the landmark album's creation. Produced for the Classic Albums series that originally aired on VH-1, this thorough and thought-provoking study highlights a track-by-track dissection of the LP's master tapes (including the spoken-word passages that bookend the album), superbly interlaced with archival footage, early demo tapes, concert animations, and latter-day acoustic performances by David Gilmour, Roger Waters, and Richard Wright to demonstrate each track's contribution to the final mix--a sonic exploration that extends to the illuminating bonus features. Informative interviews abound (including Rolling Stone senior editor David Fricke), and much-deserved credit is given to saxophonist Dick Parry, solo vocalist Clare Torry, and former Capitol Records chairman Bhaskar Menon, who fostered the album's U.S. commercial success. For Floyd fans, musicians, and studio technicians alike, this is a must-have addition to any DVD library.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Rush - 2112 + Moving Pictures
The latest addition to the acclaimed & award winning Classic Albums series tells the story behind the making of two legendary
albums from Rush. 2112 was the album that saw Rush break through to major chart success, going to No.1 in their native Canada
and Top 75 in the USA where it would eventually be certified triple platinum. Moving Pictures opened them to a mass audience for
the first time and remains the biggest selling album of their career. It also went to No.1 in Canada and went quadruple platinum
there while hitting No.3 in both the UK and USA. Rush members Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson and Neil Peart talk us through the
making of the albums, together with original producer Terry Brown via interviews, demonstrations, archive videos and use
of the original multi-track tapes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Classic Albums: Steely Dan - Aja
This profile of Steely Dan's elegant 1977 masterpiece, Aja, is a feast for Dan fans, a thoughtful, satisfyingly detailed assessment of the album and its bejeweled fusion of jazz, R&B, rock, and pop. Better yet, the documentary's producers elicit atypically straightforward, revealing interviews from the group's stealthy principals, songwriters Walter Becker and Donald Fagen, who jettison enough of their signature sarcasm to touch on the autobiographical threads, cultural anomie, and serious musical ambition audible in their work. In that respect, the production rivals any extant interviews with this proudly cerebral, occasionally evasive musical team.
The duo, along with producer Gary Katz, engineer Roger Nichols, and a generous cross-section of the crack New York and Los Angeles musicians featured on the sessions, dissect the sleek layers of the songs both musically and lyrically, both in modern performances featuring the original players and in control-room playbacks of the original multitrack master tapes. Becker and Fagen prove articulate, self-aware, and dryly funny subjects, and the subtlety and richness of the music offer an ample canvas for discovery.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Classic Albums - The Who: Who's Next 
Originally produced for cable and home video as a documentary project, the Classic Albums series offers in-depth profiles of enduring rock and pop albums built around first-person interviews with the artists, producers, and musicians that created them. Their strong sonic debt makes their DVD issues problematic, since the segments aren't intended to replace the original audio recordings, only to expand on them. If you haven't heard these albums, nearly all of them landmarks in late-20th-century pop, then this isn't the place to start. If you know the originals, however, these smartly written, well-produced documentaries can open up a richer understanding of the genesis for each album.
Who's Next proves a terrific candidate for this deep-focus approach: in songwriter and chief strategist Pete Townshend, we're presented with one of the most thoughtful, articulate rock gods extant. His own capacity for self-analysis, as well as an underlying empathy for the band's original Mod fans, translated directly into the band's songs. Townshend's sense of daring had already yielded a more conspicuous rock landmark with Tommy, the "rock opera" that preceded what eventually emerged as Who's Next, which seemed comparatively straightforward, an album of songs without an obvious narrative thread. In fact, Townshend had sought to carry the theatrical underpinnings of Tommy to a higher, interactive level by creating a sprawling stage piece, Lifehouse, that would use the theater space and the involvement of fans to expand on the studio conception that yielded his saga of that deaf, dumb, and blind kid.

Who's Next thus emerges as something of a mirror for the listener--for Townshend, the reductive but still potent remnant of a grand, white elephant, for the rest of the band simply their best album. Surviving members Townshend, bassist John Entwistle, and vocalist Roger Daltrey provide generous comments on the history of the project, and interviews with managers, press agents, and writers, including biographer Dave Marsh, all reinforce the sense that, however chimerical Lifehouse itself proved, it produced a rich set of songs honed by the live performances they received during the project's chaotic development as a de facto theatrical laboratory.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Classic Albums - U2: The Joshua Tree
An outstanding entry in the Classic Albums video series, this hourlong documentary, produced in 1999, assembles the creators of U2's The Joshua Tree to comment about the musical magic that occurred a dozen years earlier in a home studio in Dublin. Merging past and present, co=producers Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno, mixer Steve Lillywhite, and guitarist The Edge isolate separate tracks on the album's master tapes to illustrate how some of U2's greatest songs were layered with each individual's crucial contributions. Bono listens in while Lanois deconstructs the masters, appearing genuinely shy about his vocal tracks but eloquent in describing the album as "not Irish at all" in its innovative sound, but "very Irish" in terms of the emotions that inspired it. Later, The Edge describes the "cinematic" sound of the album, intended to transport the listener to a specific physical location based on each song's mood and atmosphere.

Bassist Adam Clayton and drummer Larry Mullen weigh in with illuminating comments, and the hour offers an abundance of video excerpts, concert footage, and memorable anecdotes. Eno sets the record straight on the torturous process of recording "Where the Streets Have No Name" (he almost "accidentally" erased the master tape in hopes of starting from scratch), and Bono admits to a heavy Led Zeppelin influence on "Bullet the Blue Sky." Archival footage shows the recording in progress (one wishes there were more of it), and what emerges from this collective reminiscence is an enlightening study of mutual chemistry and fruitful collaboration. Upon viewing this video, another listening to The Joshua Tree will be more rewarding than ever.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
Classic Albums-Tom Petty -Damn The Torpedoes
This DVD tells the story behind the creation of this great rock 'n' roll album and the dramatic transformation in the band's career that took place following its release. Through interviews, new and archive performances and analysis we discover how Tom Petty, Mike Campbell, Benmont Tench, Ron Blair and Stan Lynch created their songs and sounds with the help of Co-Producer Jimmy Iovine and Engineer Shelly Yakus.