Chantal Chamberland - This is Our Time
Year: 2002
Release Date: Jan 10, 2006
Label: Chantal Chamberland
Quality: 320 kbps

Chantal Chamberland is the next great thing. she is from quebec province and lives in hamilton, ontario and has stuck pretty close to home, playing the blues and jazz clubs (1505 club) around hamilton and only rarely venturing to toronto.
At last, because chantal's albums (this is our time and serendipity street) are so good, her talent could not forever be denied and she is getting some play in the USA and she just sang at the montreal jazz festival in july, 2004 and brought down the (outdoor) house.

chantal has a bluesy, husky voice, a la eva cassidy or even janis joplin at times, but not as raw, and her song selection is a mix of her own compositions -- (it's you, the first cut on serendipity street, is one of hers, and is great, as are fever and why don't you do right, on this is our time) -- and classics, billie holiday, ella fitzgerald, edith piaf and lena horne (cry me a river). 

chantal sings in flawless and beautifully accented english and french and plays a mean guitar in her own accompaniment. she also has some great jazz trio back-up, particularly on serendipity street.

the best song and my favorite on this is our time is la vie en rose; chantal sings it slowly and plaintively. several of the songs are her own compositions, some good, some so-so; this was her first "big" album. she did a small (four song) album entitled chantal five years ago and she no doubt wanted to demonstrate her creativity. 

all of the songs on serendipity street are great, classic choices particularly since i fell for you and the last one -- fittingly -- at last. chantal gives them both a belting out blues and jazz delivery and shows her versatility and ability to shift gears effortlessly from one style to another. 

i bugged amazon to get some chantal chamberland cds a month ago and am glad they now at least have this is our time. maybe now they will get serendipity street. if and when they do, buy them both. if you can find the old one with four songs, buy that one too. if you get the two new ones, though, you will be getting in on the ground floor of the next great north american female folk/blues/jazz vocalist -- vive la chantal.  ~ John W. Cotner

Chantal Chamberland - This is Our Time Tracks:
01  This Is Our Time
02  Don't Explain
03  Why Don't You Do Right
04  Here Comes the Rain Again
05  Just the Way
06  Rock Away Baby
07  Fever
08  When You Leave
09  La Vie En Rose
10  The Best Thing
