Building Your Own Stanley Meyer Water Fuel Cell (Study Pack)



This torrent contains everything you need to successfully build your own Stanley Meyer water fuel cell. There's almost too much information in this torrent but like that you have the choice what kind of circuit you want to use.

It will take you around a week to construct such a device. The major time consuming factor consists of getting all the parts you need and also the fine-tuning of the device. The device as such is quite simplistic.

Someone suggested the Joe cell to be a better option, but this device can at least be understood in scientific terms. Devices based on Orgone energy are too unpredictable and unreliable in my opinion.

Stanley Meyer's device has been successfully demonstrated at the patent-office and he has received an amazing number of patents for it. It is simply out of question that this device won't work. It it doesn't work for you then it doesn't work because you haven't constructed it properly. Remember: You can also learn a lot from failures - other people's failures and your own ones. In science even an unsuccessful experiment is seen as information that has value. Others won't have to repeat your mistakes and therefore will save a lot of time.

The main problem with this device is that it may work too well. There are also nuclear processes involved in this device and therefore it might be somewhat risky. If I was you, I wouldn't deviate too much from tried and tested circuits. Similar devices have given off a small quantity of nuclear radiation in some cases. This is not a toy, and only experienced craftsmen and maverick inventors should delve further into the hidden secrets of this amazing project.



A Brief Introduction to Stanley Meyer's WFC:


A water molecule consists of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen. Atoms 
consist of electrons, protons, and even smaller particles. The protons are grouped at 
the center of the atom in the nucleus, while the electrons orbit around the nucleus of 
the atom. 

Electrons carry a negative charge. Protons carry a positive charge. Electrically stable 
atoms always have the same amount of electrons and protons. When the number of 
electrons and protons is not the same, the atom is electrically charged. This is called 
an ion. 

The hydrogen atom has 1 proton and 1 electron. 
The oxygen atom has 8 protons and 8 electrons.

When two hydrogen atoms bond chemically with an oxygen atom, a water molecule is 
formed.

When oxygen and hydrogen combine to make water, a covalent bond is formed 
between the atoms. In a covalent bond, the atoms to form a molecule with shared 
electrons. In a water molecule the electrons are shared unequally. There are more 
electrons occupying the space around the oxygen atom than the hydrogen atom. The 
oxygen end of the molecule has a net negative charge, while the hydrogen end has a 
net positive charge. Because of the unequal sharing of electrons opposite charges are 
produced. The unequal electrostatic forces bond atoms of the water molecule 
chemically. 

The unequal sharing of electrons produces a positive and negative side to the water 
molecule. This is referred to as a polar or dipole. 
  
There are three known different forces/fields. They are gravity, magnetism, and 
voltage. 
 
Voltage is basically the difference of electrons in two different locations. The greater 
the difference in the number of electrons in one location compared to the second 
location, the higher the voltage.
 
When you put the water molecule in a voltage field it will move itself to the 
appropriate positive and negative voltage fields. This happens because water is a 
dipole molecule with a positive and negative ends. 
 
Electrolysis separates water into hydrogen and oxygen. This process is done by 
constantly introducing electrons into the water solution. 
 
The water fuel cell uses a different process from electrolysis. In the fuel cell electrons 
are restricted, the water molecule undergoes a lot more stress, and an added sequence 
of events produce a much higher energy efficiency than electrolysis. 
 
Stanley Meyer found a way to use Voltage (electrostatic force) so that hydrogen and 
oxygen could be released on demand, serve our energy needs, and be sustained with 
very minimal power requirements. 
 
Stanley Meyer Identified two stages of gas production these are: 
Electrical Polarization process (Minimal Gas Yield) 
Resonant gas production (High Gas Yield) 

Electrostatic force chemically bonds the atoms of the water molecule. Stanley knew 
that if you raised voltage to a certain level electrons could be stripped of the water 
molecule. During this process the bonding force between the atomic structures of 
water is weakened. 

The strong voltage force was used to strip electrons to weaken the electrostatic force 
that holds the water molecule together. 
 
This is only possible because electron flow was inhibited.  
The gap between the electrodes could be kept to a minimum (around 1-mm). This 
was achieved because arcing could not occur with restricted electron flow. 
keeps voltage high across the electrodes and prevents it from dropping to nothing. 
 
Imagine the force of having this high voltage field with electron flow restricted. The 
water molecule would be pretty stressed out! 
 
Maybe another way to visualize what I am saying is: Imagine a magnetic force, as the 
magnet gets closer and closer it increases in strength. If the water molecule was 
effected by a magnetic force it would be ripped apart but the water molecule is not. 

The Water molecule strongly reacts to a voltage/electrostatic force. That is why Stanley 
Meyer needed to restrict electron flow, if you bring a high voltage field closer and 
closer together, it will get to a point when it will arc (we don't want this). When it 
arcs electron flow has occurred and all that attracting force is lost. Relating this to 
the example above, it would be as if the magnetic force was turned off... 




Files (Folders):


patents
-Stanley Meyer
-Andrija Puharich
-other methods of hydrogen generation

physics
-magnetism
-parametric oscillator
-water
-calculations
-coils
-electrolysis

wfc theory (important)

wfc cars

knowledge from forums (important)

wfc circuits (most important)

basic electronic textbooks
-All New Electronics Self-Teaching Guide (2008) - Malestrom
-Book-7-Power-Electronics-Motor-Drives-Advances-Trends
-EFY_2000_Projects_and_Ideas
-Electronic-Circuits-Fundamentals-and-Applications
-Electronics_Tutorial
-Fundamentals-of-Analog-Electronics
-Hands-on-Electronics
-The-Electronics-Handbook

basic electronics circuits
-electrostatic generator
-electrostatic detector
-frequency counter
-function generators
-power supplies


236.3MB - 209 items - mostly pdf-files
