The Chase is the fourth studio album of American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on Tuesday, September 22, 1992 and sold 403,000 copies in its first week. The Chase sold 14 million copies in the U.S through 2009. It reached #1 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and #1 on the Billboard 200 Pop Albums chart. It was also successful internationally. It reached Number One on the UK country albums chart and remained in the top ten for many months. Brooks had this to say regarding the album:

"The Chase is definitely the most personal album I think I've ever been involved with. This is as much me as anybody has ever seen. It was recorded at a time in my life that was probably the most trying time of my life. Not the fact that it was a hard time for me, I was just going through a lot of things at this time. Probably the biggest thing was expecting the birth of our first child Taylor. Was also in the business for record re-negotiations, we were remodeling our house. And still trying to go through the biggest tour I'd ever been on since Ropin' The Wind was seeing the success that it was. No Fences seemed to still be doing very well. So we were gone another 250 to 300 days out of the year.

So, when you hear this album or snippets from it, and you hear things that are more, probably socially oriented as far as concerns of the world. And some things that are a little bit darker. That's probably 'cause that's where I was at that time. It was a big moment for me. And I gotta say of all the albums I've ever done, this one has the best writing on it, and probably the one that I feel the strongest about. I'm very proud and I love this album."

"Dixie Chicken" is a cover of the classic Little Feat song off of their 1973 album of the same name while "Night Rider's Lament" is a classic cowboy song that had been previously recorded by Jerry Jeff Walker and Chris LeDoux.

"We Shall Be Free" (Stephanie Davis, Garth Brooks) – 3:48 
"Somewhere Other Than the Night" (Kent Blazy, Brooks) – 3:12 
"Mr. Right" (Brooks) – 2:01 
"Every Now and Then" (Buddy Mundlock, Brooks) – 4:16 
"Walkin' After Midnight" (Alan Block, Don Hecht) – 2:33 
"Dixie Chicken" (Lowell George, Martin Kibbee) – 4:25 
"Learning to Live Again" (Don Schlitz, Davis) – 4:06 
"That Summer" (Pat Alger, Sandy Mahl-Brooks, Brooks) – 4:47 
"Night Rider's Lament" (Michael Burton) – 4:05 
"Face to Face" (Tony Arata) – 4:26 
