Camerata Romeu - Cuba Mia
2007

Classical music with a world connection. With the exception of track 4, by Mexican composer Eduardo Gamboa, these are Cuban popular songs. All played with a Classical twist. Think of Buena Vista Social Club going classic, or an imaginary Kronos Quartet Pieces of Cuba. If you love Classical and World music you should give it a listen.

Brought to you by TQMP
The Quality Music Project

On this CD of the Camerata Romeu, led by Conductor Zenaida Romeu, we hear the world renowned, all-female Chamber Orchestra playing everything from Folk and Classical compositions to stirring renditions of new Cuban music. Using their sting instruments to reimagine the popular island rhythms from Africa, Spain, Latin American Indians, and the Caribbean, they create an original and soulful sound all their own. The companion to the award winning PBS documentary & DVD, the album Camerata Romeu: Cuba Mia (Soundtrack), captures the harmonies of the Cuban soul and offers an unforgettable message of hope. Amazingly talented, incredibly beautiful, and Cuban to the core, these amazing musicians demonstrate the power of music to cross the boundaries of nations, gender, and time. Whether performing in their stunning Basilica in Old Havana or captured live on this album, these astoundingly gifted women perform with a joy and energy that has made them renowned to both lovers of Classical music and fans of fellow Cuban musicians such as the Buena Vista Social Club.
-- amazon.com

Several years ago I was fortunate to see the Camerata playing at the Basilica in Old Havana. I tried to find a CD but couldn't, then forgot all about it. It was this documentary, posted by fellow demonodian rubus, which led me to find this soundtrack online. Kudos to rubus. Keep discovering! And keep sharing!
At TPB 
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5537385/
At demonoid

A Camerata Romeu performance (this song is not on Cuba Mia)

Tracks
01- Pregoneros (Calixto Alvarez)
02- Invitacion al son  (Calixto Alvarez)
03- Medico de Pianos  (Jorge L. Marin)
04- Canambu (Eduardo Gamboa)
05- Rosa Roja (Oscar Hernandez / Zenaida Romeu)
06- Manisero (Moises Simons / Roberto Valera)
07- Danza Lucumi (Ernesto Lecuona / Roberto Valera)
08- A la Antigua (Ernesto Lecuona / Roberto Valera)
09- Improvisada (Cervantes / Zenaida Romeu)
10- Cortesana (Cervantes / Zenaida Romeu)
11- Cuba Mia (Armando Romeu / Roberto Valera)
12- He Perdido Contigo (Luis Cardenas / Zenaida Romeu)
13- Jugando Contigo (Rodrigo Prats / Zenaida Romeu)
14- Momo (Ernan Lopez Nussa / Roberto Valera)

Artwork, EAC log and CUE sheet included.

Audio format: FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) 
http://flac.sourceforge.net/index.html 

Enjoy, seed and inhale!

Legalise it!

Pastafari Cubensis 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org