Removing The Mystery Behind Disease (7 DVD Set)

Learn what you can do to prevent and even reverse diseases which were considered to be incurable. Hear the testimonies of how hot flashes have disappeared, diabetes has been reversed, high blood pressure returned to normal, excess weight removed without hunger, fatigue replaced with energy, and even the mystery behind cancer unveiled!

You Don’t Have To Be Sick:

In an acidic condition, the human body is very susceptible to diseases of all kinds; in an alkaline state the body is able to defend itself from virtually every disease. This thought provoking presentation deals with how to bring your body into an alkaline state from an acidic condition, thus increasing your health potential!

Digestion & Colon Care:

Even eating good foods can have a detrimental affect on your health if you don’t understand the laws of digestion. Learn simple rules to improve digestion, and be amazed as you learn how to enable your body to derive the most benefit from the foods you eat!

Initiating True Speed Healing: 

Learn how to initiate true speed healing in your body. In this presentation, you will come to understand the importance of this incredible health component and its effects on the body for healing, or how its misuse can suppress the immune system.

The Forgotten Liquid Miracle:

This is the forgotten liquid miracle which every bodily function is dependent upon. Learn how fatigue can be directly related to water intake and even how degenerative diseases can be reversed by its proper use.

Will The Real Carrot Please Stand Up:

What’s all the excitement these days about excitotoxins and the use of GMO foods in our diet? In this eye opening video you will learn about what these foods do in the body and the cover-ups used to keep them on the market!

Please Hold The Extras:

This video shows you how to put into practical use all the things that have been taught in this series. Learn how to incorporate what you have learned into your daily regime in order to live a longer, healthier life.

Recipes:

Making good healthful dishes for your family, friends or just for yourself can be easy and enjoyable. Watch as Jeanie builds some fabulous recipes from very simple foods that can be purchased most anywhere. A delight to the taste and a rich blessing to your health!
