From the vaults of Corbin Fisher:


Zeke generated a great deal of enthusiasm among CF fans when we introduced him a short while back. It's not hard to see why - those piercing blue eyes, defined and tight body, deep voice, and big dick are all a great deal of fun to look at!

Whether we were going to see him in any action with another guy was very much up in the air, though. I'd talked to him about the idea of doing a video with another guy, and he caught me off-guard by how chilly his response was. He wasn't freaked out by the idea, nor was he super excited about how much money I was willing to offer him to give it a shot. Indeed, his reaction to the offer was almost impossible to read! He said he'd consider it for awhile and I really had no clue which way he was leaning as he thought about it. I assumed it was a lost cause and was terribly disappointed at the thought we might not get to see this stud in action with another CF guy.

When Zeke finally did decide to give it a go and tell me, he was just as hard to read at that point. He so matter-of-factly said, "OK" that I stood there for a second thinking he was going to say more. "OK, no thanks"?! "OK, I'll do it"?! Which was it?! That was it, though. "OK."

"OK... yes?" I asked.

"Ya", he responded.

Well... OK!! :)

He was willing to give it a shot, and I was eager to make it happen! I never even really considered anyone other than Jeff to be the one to break Zeke in! Zeke has himself a nice, big, curved dick and Jeff has proven himself to be quite skilled at getting fucked - it's clear he enjoys how it feels and his facial expressions (along with the noises he makes while it's happening!) are just too hot. So the prospect of seeing Jeff take on Zeke's big dick and see how Zeke would react to another guy as good looking and as masculine as he is so thoroughly enjoying being on the receiving end of his dick was too good to pass up.

At the outset of this video, you can see how Zeke is a man of few words, yet with a pair of bright blue eyes that often clue you into what's going on in his head. Though he was obviously a bit shy and nervous, his eyes show a bit of playfulness and inquisitiveness. It was like he couldn't help but wonder how it was going to be, as well as getting a kick out of the fact that it was happening at all.

I was definitely getting quite the kick out of it all, as well, and was having a blast capturing it all on camera!