Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Life's Too Good, released in April 1988, was the first album by the Icelandic alternative rock-pop band The Sugarcubes, which brought fame to lead vocalist Björk. Through the first single, "Birthday", the Sugarcubes received attention in Europe and the United States.
"Ammæli", afterwards released in English as "Birthday", entered the charts outside Iceland, leading the band to put Icelandic music on world map. "Birthday" was chosen as "single of the week" by both NME and Melody Maker in August 1987 and was also selected Number 1 in John Peel's Festive Fifty for 1987. The album has been chosen as one of the 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.

Besides the regular green sleeve, the UK and American LPs were released in blue, yellow, orange, and pink.

The Sugarcubes (Sykurmolarnir in Icelandic) were an Icelandic alternative rock band formed in 1986 and disbanded in 1992. They received critical and popular acclaim internationally.

The Sugarcubes formed on June 8, 1986, the day that vocalist Björk  (born Björk Guðmundsdottir) gave birth to her son, Sindri Eldon; another member of the Sugarcubes, Þór Eldon, is his father. Before that day, the members of the group had been a variety of Icelandic bands. Björk had the longest career out of any of the members. When she was 11 years old, the vocalist had recorded a children's album. In her late teens, she joined the Icelandic post-punk band Tappi Tikarrass, who released two albums before splitting in 1983. Drummer Siggi Baldursson (born Sigtryggur Baldursson, October 2, 1962) was a member of þeyr (aka Theyr), whose most prominent international moment came in 1982, when they recorded with Youth and Jaz Coleman of Killing Joke. At the same time Theyr was popular within Iceland, Einar Benediktsson and Bragi Olafesson formed a punk band called Purrkur Pillnikk, which released records on Benediktsson's own label, Gramm. By 1984, Björk, Benediktsson, and Baldursson had joined forces, forming KUKL  with keyboardist Einar Mellax. KUKL – which means witch in Icelandic – was a noisy, artsy post-punk band that released several singles on the independent British record label Crass. In 1986, KUKL evolved into the Sugarcubes, adding Björk's then-husband Þór Eldon on guitar and Bragi Olafesson on bass.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/