Nexus is a comic book series created by writer Mike Baron and penciler Steve Rude in 1981.  The series is a combination of the superhero  and science fiction genres, set 500 years in the future.

On the distant moon of Ylum, an enigmatic man is plagued by nightmares. He is forced to dream of the past. He dreams of real-life butchers and tyrants, and what they have done. And then he finds them, and kills them. The year is 2841, and this man is Nexus, a godlike figure who acts as judge, jury, and executioner for the vile criminals who appear in his dreams. He claims to kill in self-defense, but why? Where do the visions come from, and where did he get his powers? Though a hero to many, does he have any real moral code?


The series debuted as a three-issue black-and-white limited series.  #3 came with a Flexi-Disk, which featured an audio dramatization of that issue's story, complete with sound effects and theme song.
This was followed by an eighty-issue ongoing full-color series. The black-and-white issues and the first six color issues were published by Capital Comics; after Capital's demise, First Comics took over publication.  In addition to the ongoing series, First reprinted the original mini-series as a graphic novel and later reprinted the first two years of the ongoing title in the Nexus Legends series. 

Following the conclusion of the ongoing series with #80 (May 91), seven miniseries and two one-shots were published by Dark Horse Comics.  The last of these was printed in black-and-white as a cost-cutting measure.  Low sales led to the series being discontinued.  Many of the Nexus miniseries had been given dual numbering to continue from issue #80.  

In 2007 Steve Rude self published Nexus #99-102 which tied many of the loose ends left in the "regular series", albeit with a clearly open ending.

The series won a total of six Eisner Awards, including Best Single Issue/Single Story for 1993's Nexus: Origin, Best Writer/Artist for Nexus: Origin, Best Artist/Penciller/Inker or Penciller/Inker Team for the Nexus series in 1988, Best Artist/Penciller/Inker or Penciller/Inker Team for Nexus: Origin, Best Artist/Penciller/Inker or Penciller/Inker Team for Nexus: Executioner's song in 1997, and Best Letterer/Lettering by Todd Klein in 2008.

Included in this pack are additional comics featuring Nexus characters and a reading order.


Released on http://ComicPirates.info