This is the STAND-ALONE expansion to 'Hard Truck Apocalypse'. If you don't know the first game - then this one is fine to play on it's own.

I'll describe it as Carmageddon with mountable weapons and an RPG element ;)

"Hard Truck Apocalypse: Rise of Clans - is an addon to a vehicular          
   Action/RPG set in an alternate future. New heroes and mysteries await      
   you in the vistas of a post-apocalyptic North America. Special             
   customization features, new types of weapons, and hi-tech bosses will      
   immerse you even deeper into the ruthless world of Apocalypse, and your    
   extreme driving skills will serve you well in its new multiplayer mode.    
                                                                              
   Features:                                                                  
                                                                              
   * The multiplayer mode is the most important feature of this add-on        
   standalone. The game supports up to 16 players via LAN and Internet.       
   Choose your truck, get money killing other players and improve your        
   weaponry. Wear your war colors and send your machine into the battle.      
   Deathmatch & Team Deathmatch modes available.                              
                                                                              
   * The history continues from the end of the first part. New locations to   
   visit, new trucks & weapons and lots of new quests to solve.               
                                                                              
   * The new version of the graphic engine on which the game is based,        
   improves the physics and visual effects, already amazing in the original   
   game."


INSTRUCTIONS:

1. Run Install.exe and select where to place the game.

2. Then run htaroc.exe from the folder you installed the game to.

3. Enjoy the game!


If you'd like to run a virus scan check, please do. You should with any files you get from the internet!


Suggested sites are:
 
http://www.virustotal.com/
and 
http://virusscan.jotti.org/

As you can see - Jotti detecs nothing and VirusTotal detects only three (3) false-positives, which are due to the .exe being compressed and/or being an installation file.



The Intro and Music was ripped from the game by the scene group