March 2010. I'm back. My aim now is to have a real conversation with Edward and Cor, to write a short book about FLUE, the genesis of Vista, all the details, the atmosphere, everything... I know that Edward Gijsen have a profile on Linkedin : does anyone of you, friends on Myspace, have an account on Linkedin ? I have none. And more than that, could anyone on Linkedin be kind enough to contact Edward, tell him about this page and my book project ? It'll be... excellent. Thank. PS : I recently listened to "One and Half" again. And found that it's, in reality, a very good album, except the first track that I really dont like... So, I changed my mind about it (see my comments below). And for all newcomers on this page, the story so far... "From a band of students, formed in the north of Nederland, to a gifted duo, who recorded one of the best album ever, here comes the unpublished, and incomplete, story of FLUE. In 1983, in a provincial city of southern France where I used to live. We were a bunch of pale and bored college kids, hanging around in the streets of provincial boredom, and inevitably ending in PARADISC (!) (not PARADISIO), a tiny and dark record shop, the only one in town. We were deeply into New Wave at that time, praising WIRE, MARQUIS DE SADE, ORCHESTRE ROUGE, TUXEDOMOON, THE PASSIONS... reading L'EQUERRE, SOUNDS, MELODY MAKER and the NME every week. An older friend of mine, working in a pirate radio station in Toulouse, brought me back two vinyls from a recently founded label from Paris : Divine Madrigal. One was Fra Lippo Lippi (Small Mercies). The other one was FLUE (Vista). And this record changed my life forever, staying all along the years at the top of my personal top 10. One year later, my copy of Vista was stolen, with most of my vinyl records... the thief might have had quite good taste as he let me all the crap (Foghat double live anyone ?), and took all the best stuff... No need to say how devastated I was at that time... Fortunately, I had made a copy of the album on cassette, and this cassette followed me everywhere all along the years. I did several copies to be sure that this album unavailable anywhere ! will always be with me. In 2004, on a forum, I met this DJ from New York who revealed to be smart enough to send me a CD ripped from the original LP. I tried then to contact Cor Bolten (ex MECANO), Edward Gijsen, the original singer, then Leo Schlevis and Tejo Bolten from ex-Torso and new Mutantjasz label, but nobody seemed very inclined to exhume what appeared more and more like some kind of a painful experience... Well, not exactly, as FLUE 1st album, "One and A Half" was recently re-released by Mutantjasz. But this album's got nothing to do with Vista : different line up (Edward Gijsen + 3 musicians), a more classic New Wave global atmosphere, and much more predictable songs about deprivation, loss and despair... To my great disapointement, Tejo Bolten send me a copy of that album in 2005... and I was very surprised by the complete difference with Vista. What happened, in 1983, is that Edward apparently split up from his original band and teamed with Cor Bolten from MECANO, to compose and record Vista, FLUE 2nd album. The result is exceptional but just a few seemed to notice at that time... The point is that, all along the years, I met real fans of this cult album everywhere in the world...So, here we are : the purpose of this webpage is to spread the word in the whole universe : FLUE 2nd album is an intemporal masterpiece. If anybody knows more about it, more about FLUE, please, feel free to contact me. "

Albums:
(1981) One And A Half
(1983) Vista
