Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Pearl's Dream" is the second single from Bat for Lashes' second album Two Suns. "Pearl's Dream" was announced as the second single when the song was made available for MySpace users to remix in May 2009, then the Pearl's Dream EP was released in 22 June 2009, as digital download and 7" in the UK. The download single includes two live songs, the album version, a radio edit and a remix of "Sleep Alone"; the 7" comprises the radio edit and the "Sleep Alone" remix.

The video for "Pearl's Dream" starts with Khan rising from a mist to find herself on a stage facing an empty auditorium. As Khan starts to dance, we see the planets and night sky glowing around her. A wolf appears with Khan which seems to exam the surroundings. Khan then notices a blonde woman in the audience, which we assume to be Pearl. Pearl watches Khan's show, seemingly unimpressed at first but as it progresses she seems to become scared and makes her way slowly toward the stage, reaching to grab Khan by the neck as the wolf snarles and growls at her. The planets above shoot a laser at Pearl, effectively destroying her. She leaves behind her clothes and blonde hair as if she has been disintegrated. The video then ends with stars falling from the sky onto Khan.

The video was directed by Nima Nourizadeh.

Two Suns is the Mercury Music Prize nominated second album by English-Pakistani solo artist Bat for Lashes (pseudonym of Natasha Khan), released on 6 April 2009. It is the follow-up to the also Mercury Music Prize nominated album Fur and Gold.

According to the press release, Two Suns is "a record of modern-day fables exploring dualities on a number of levels – two lovers, two planets, two sides of a personality," bringing reflection about "the philosophy of the self and duality, examining the need for both chaos and balance, for both love and pain, in addition to touching on metaphysical ideas concerning the connections between all existence."

In Two Suns, Khan also presents an alter ego named Pearl, described by the press release as "a destructive, self-absorbed, blonde, femme fatale of a persona who acts as a direct foil to Khan's more mystical, desert-born spiritual self."

The first single from the album, released on 1 March 2009, is "Daniel". Two Suns was recorded in segments in California, New York, London, Brighton and Wales.

It was co-produced by Khan and Dave Kosten, her collaborator on Fur and Gold, and features collaborations with members of Yeasayer on various tracks and Scott Walker on the final track. The whole album was available for listening at the Last.fm website.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

