+--------------------------------------+
|User Control 2010 v6.405 + Serial-[HB]|
+--------------------------------------+

User Control can prevent specified applications  from starting and block access to blacklisted websites. It can also prevent access to operating system components. This keeps users from altering system stettings and changing the appearance of the desktop.

Restrict access to applications completely, or at specified times

Rules are often established that limit the use of a computer to specific purposes defined by the owner, but employees, students or users of public computers sometimes do not follow these guidelines. User Control applies the rules you have set up in a friendly, but efficient manner. To play it safe, you could provide access only to predefined applications and block everything else. This will eliminate the possibility of unexpected surprises. Alternatively, you could block only specified applications, such as the popular download wizards, copy-protection crackers, auction site clients, or CD burners. And if you want to allow access to harmless games at lunchtime or after work, you can relax application blocking at the times that you specify.

Complete control over Internet use

The Web is a great tool for research, education, and communication, but it also has a dark side. User Control can allow access only to specified sites, and block all others. It can also block only certain categories of “bad” sites, such as entertainment, online auctions, “adult” sites, or online games. All you need to do is set up filters that search for specified expressions and block any pages on which these appear. These filters can be user-modified at any time to add additional websites or keywords. This functionality can also be relaxed from time to time. You can also specify times when blocking will not be in effect.

+--------+
|Overview|
+--------+
	
User management: Determine at a glance what limits have been set for any user or user group. It’s easy: just click the last column to see which users belong to a given group.

Improved software filter: For any application, establish whether it is always available, never available, or restricted by time. User Control shows both the application name and the name of the executable file. An application can be made available only at specified times.

Controlling window titles: You can set restrictions not only for individual applications, but also for specified window titles. Window titles can be blocked system-wide or for individual applications.

Desktop Protection: To prevent changes to a desktop once it has been set up, you can lock in its appearance. This means that you can stop individual icons from being moved, deleted, or renamed. You can also prevent hiding of the start menu or the taskbar.

Internet Safety: Use filter categories, such as “sex” or “chat” to determine the types of web content you would like to allow or prohibit. You can also prevent downloading of .exe and .zip files.

Say yes to the web, but...: Define which web pages (URL's) or keywords you don't want to see on your computer. Users who surf to one of these pages will see a warning message displayed. You can also import or export lists of restrictions.

Websites: You could create a list of the URL’s that your users need to do their work. Once this is done, any other pages can be completely blocked. You can also make certain sites available only during restricted times (such as lunchtime).

Settings: You can configure whether users will see warning messages, how often the log files are to be reset, or if User Control is to run in “hidden” mode. 

Protecting the start menu and desktop: You can restrict access to a large number of Windows system settings. For example, you can prevent the display of individual items on the start menu, restrict access to Control Panel, prevent logging off or shutting down, and much more.

System Protection for Internet Explorer: In addition to the general Internet settings, there are some special restrictions that can be set especially for Microsoft ™ Internet Explorer. You can use these to prevent downloading and block access to settings and configurations.

Network system protection: Use this page to limit access to the principal settings for your network environment. For example, you can establish which parts of the network are visible for a particular user and which ones are not.

Log files: Use this page to see what happened while your computer was online, and which user was logged on. The logs show you both a list of started applications and of websites that were visited. The list can be exported into formats such as Excel or text.


+-------------+
|Install Notes|
+-------------+

* Install software.

* Register using given username and serial.

* Enjoy!
