550,000+ Real-Time Scheduled Flights - Ultimate Traffic 2 will provide users over 550,000+ scheduled flights based on real airline timetables. These schedules include International, National, Regional, Commuter and even Air Cargo operators. The flight schedules touch every corner of Flight Simulator X world. 

1,300,000+ General Aviation Flights - Besides commercial schedule flights, Ultimate Traffic 2 will provide users over 1.3 million general aviation flights. These flights fly between 6400 airports and log over 2.5 million flight hours each week. 

100's of Airlines Worldwide - All that traffic buzzing around the sky wouldn't be right if you did not support the airlines that fly these scheduled routes. Ultimate Traffic 2 contains over 1600 aircraft repaints of various worldwide air carriers, both big and small. The package contains over 90 aircraft types to provide users with a wide variety of aircraft scenery that adds a unique feel that is only second to you being outside a real airport fence. 

6000+ Airports with Traffic - Ultimate Traffic 2 provides users with AI traffic for over 6,000 airports. The end result is an active airport environment, whether you are shooting approaches on 28L at San Francisco International, or flying a virtual load of food supplies to the upper reaches of Alaska. 

Fully Featured Interface - The Ultimate Traffic 2 interface contains a rivet busting, cornucopia of options that cannot be found anywhere else. The interface was made to handle the needs of both novice users and power users by providing a whole host of options and features. 

Add-On Schedules - Create and manage custom add-on schedules for Ultimate Traffic 2. Complete virtual airline schedules can be created using Ultimate Traffic's proprietary tools allowing Ultimate Traffic 2 to display these flights in FSX. 

Airline / Airport Printable Timetables - Ultimate Traffic 2 also provides users the ability to organize and print timetables for any airline in the Ultimate Traffic 2 world. UT2 has the ability to print airport-specific timetables of the AI traffic that are included in the package. These printouts are designed to resemble the timetables that you can find at your local airport, for your favorite airline. 

Flight Plan Assignments - Each airline flight in Ultimate Traffic 2 uses a flight plan to navigate from the departure airport to its destination airport. These flight plans can also be customized. Assign any FSX style flight plan to a flight using this feature. 

Flight View Map - Create map views of anywhere on the planet and view all traffic currently flying at that location. Unique filters allow from all to very specific traffic to be displayed. Simulation rate can be changed as well. 

Status Board - View a live status board for any airport that handles commercial traffic in Ultimate Traffic 2. View departure and arrival boards for a unique look at traffic at the airport. 

Aircraft Tail Numbers / Parking Codes - Each airline can have its own rule for generating a tail number. UT2 uses these rules to generate random tail numbers for each flight in the database. Users can also manage and assign parking codes to any FSX aircraft. 
