"Rogue Frequency", How it was meant to be! "Rogue Frequency" is a band that is dedicated to what they enjoy, which is writing and creating music, as well as playing live to any audience. This band excels on live shows with plenty of energy and interest to make anyone stop and listen, giving positive energy and vibes on stage that gives each member a chance to show their unique talents. All of the band members are from totally different backgrounds & age groups, and just happened to meet at the right time to make up the outstanding band that they are today Rogue Frequency is totally self produced from the writing of the songs and music to the recording of their own albums, as well as the graphics, artwork, photo shoots and video that has all been produced by their selves with a little help here and there from close dedicated friends Their album "SPAT OUT BY MACHINES" that is now available to all, has been a year long venture of sheer determination and very hard work from them all. The music mastering, album cover graphics and photographic excellence has taken time to produce to the extremely high standard that has all paid off in the finished product Of a 14 track CD with an 8 page booklet containing photos and all lyrics to the songs Rogue Frequency are a band with fantastic ideas about what they want and they cover every possible way of trying these out, until the right one just falls into place. Each member has a strong belief in making something that the everyday person may just take for granted and making it stand out way above the rest and making you realize that everything has depth. The band consists of 3 members Smithy Malone – Lead Vocals & Bass Muskett – Lead Guitar – Backing Vocals Si Slater – Drums, Percussion & Backing Vocals When Did You Start Making Music? Each member of the band started making music from their teens, and are all self taught From listening to great artists and watching how they play thus giving each member their own style of which they feel happy with. Who Are Your Influences? Due to the fact that the band are all of different age groups it has still comes down to the same type of music Led Zeppelin are a big influence as they had so many different and multi talented band members, as well as the Beatles and other great 60's 70' artists. But Rogue Frequency unlike a lot of other bands, have a great interest in other unsigned bands as themselves and love to give other unsigned self penned bands & artists both support in watching and buying their products. They also have great belief in artists doing their own stuff, rather than being a cover/tribute band, but that is their personal preference.