The Ultraverse was a comic book imprint published by Malibu Comics.  he Ultraverse was the default setting of Malibu Comics' major series, a world in which a myterious Entity on the Moon sent out bursts of energy called the "Jumpstart" effect, which geve certain people superhuman powers.  These beings become known as Ultras.

The Ultraverse line was launched by Malibu Comics during the "comics boom" of the early 1990s following the success of Image Comics and Valiant Comics.  They boasted improved production values over traditional comics (especially digital coloring and higher-quality paper), and a roster of respected and/or talented new writers and artists.  Ultraverse emphasized tight continuity between the various series in their line, Malibu made extensive use of crossovers, in which a story that began in one series would be continued in the next-shipping issue of another series. Various promotions for special editions or limited-print stories also encouraged readers to sample issues of the entire line. Many fans loved the scope of storytelling this approach allowed; others complained of the effort and cost of buying the issues necessary to keep track of it all. Regardless, the Ultraverse line came to dominate Malibu's catalog.

As sales declined industry-wide in the mid-1990s, Malibu canceled lower-selling series. The company was purchased by Marvel Comics in 1994. Reportedly Marvel made the purchase to acquire Malibu's then-groundbreaking in-house coloring studio, and/or its catalog of movie-licensable properties. Others believe that Marvel simply wanted to put a significant competitor out of business. Marvel canceled the entire Ultraverse line, but re-launched a handful of the more popular titles as well as a number of crossovers with Marvel characters during the controversial Black September (or B.S., to most fans) event.  The volume 2 series each started with infinity issue but were canceled a short time later. Within the Marvel Comics multiverse, the Malibu Universe is designated as Earth-93060.

In June 2005, when asked by Newsarama whether Marvel had any plans to revive the Ultraverse, Marvel editor-in-chief Joe Quesada replied that:

"Let's just say that I wanted to bring these characters back in a very big way, but the way that the deal was initially structured, it's next to impossible to go back and publish these books.  There are rumors out there that it has to do with a certain percentage of sales that has to be doled out to the creative teams.  While this is a logistical nightmare because of the way the initial deal was structured, it's not the reason why we have chosen not to go near these characters, there is a bigger one, but I really don't feel like itâ