Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Battlefield" is a song performed by American R&B and pop, recording artist Jordin Sparks. It is the title song from her second studio album also titled Battlefield and was released as the lead single through US through iTunes on May 12, 2009. Later in June and July it was released worldwide in preparation for the album's release on July 17, 2009.

The single was first performed live on American Idol and has given Sparks' her fifth consecutive top 20 hit as well as becoming a top 10 international hit, peaking at 3 in New Zealand, 4 in Australia, 5 in Canada, 9 in Ireland and number 11 in the UK on three separate occasions.

Philip Andelman was booked to shoot the music video in Los Angeles before the single was performed live on American Idol. Andelman has shot videos for the likes of Beyoncé Knowles, Jesse McCartney and Jonas Brothers. The video began production on May 13 and shooting was completed by May 14, 2009. Entertainment Tonight got a behind the scenes of "Battlefield" and also had a short interview with her about American Idol season 8 finalists. The video premiered on MTV June 8, 2009 and MTV played it on heavy rotation all day for the remainder of the day every hour.

In the video, Sparks sports a few different looks — in a 1971 De Tomaso Pantera wearing a black dress, lying out in a field in a white dress — but it's when she steps out of the car that we see her turn up the attitude in the aforementioned black gown. The song is about a tumultuous relationship where neither side wants to compromise. She sings, "I never meant to start a war/ You know, I never wanna hurt you/ Don't even know what we're fighting for/ Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield." There are several times in the video — especially by the time night falls and the song's bridge comes in — where Sparks, flanked by fireworks and smoke, warns her love interest to get his armor. And, it seems like she's using the video as a way to step out of her shell a little — perhaps she's out to show the world that she isn't all that sweet and can "start a war" in a relationship with the best of them.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

