Privacy OS is a rolling release GNU/Linux based graphical computer operating system that is perfect for desktop and laptop computers.

It has the possibility to run as a livecd, booting from your cdrom and without touching your hard drive, or it can be installed as a regular operating system. Privacy OS is a customized remaster of PCLXDE, using the lightweight LXDE desktop environment and Openbox as window manager.

The goal of Privacy OS is privacy, efficiency and ease of use. It comes with preinstalled multimedia codecs.

It comes with the following applications and scripts:

Firefox - Web Browser with Flash and Multimedia playback. Scroogle search engine for enhanced privacy, Phzilla extension for anonymous web browsing, and Adblock Plus.
Abiword -Word Processor (Get Open Office script available after hd install)
ePDFView - PDF Viewer
Bleachbit - Cleans up your Computer
Leafpad -Text Editor
Transmission - Bittorrent Client with Blocklist
Pidgin - Instant Messenger (with OTR Encryption Plugin and Privacy Please Plugin)
Skype - Encrypted phonecalls
Truecrypt - Disk Encryption Software
Sylpheed - Email and News Reader
GRDC - Remote Desktop Client
GPicView - Graphic Viewer
Seahorse - Graphical frontend to the GNU Privacy Guard encryption tool
MTPaint - Graphic Drawing Client
Audacious2 - Music Player
VLC - Versatile Multimedia Player
PCMan - File Manager
Simple Backup - Backup Software
MkliveUSB - Install Privacy OS to a USB stick
Xfburn - CD/DVD Burning Software
Gnome  PPP - Dial up Client
File Roller - Archiving Software
PCLinuxOS Control Center - Adminstration Tool
LXDECC - LXDE Control Center
AddLocale - Convert LXDE into your language
XPat2 - Card Playing Suite
Grsync - Graphical Rsync Client
Virtualbox Additions added

If the torrent is dead, or you for other reasons can`t use Bittorrent, you can get it here:(page contains advertising and a popup window)

MD5sum: 9abe15ab2947aeda14ef2b73a2aa32bf  privacyos.iso

At boot you will be asked for a password. The password for the livecd is guest if the username is guest, and root if the username is root. root is always the password for administrative tasks on the livecd. 
http://sites.google.com/site/privacyosproject/

Read more: http://linuxtracker.org/index.php?page=torrent-details&id=48c00989bb7f8deb4d5149c8a2f87dc58aa92b16#ixzz0brW17vN2
