TMPGEnc XPress 4.7.6.304 Retail | 38.83 Mb


TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress encoder is now twice as powerful as before. Offering the most common file formats including HDV import/output along with DivX 6 AVI, MPEG-1/2/4, QuickTime (MOV), and Window Media (WMV/WMV-HD/WMA) input/output. TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress gives you the freedom to take almost any video file and encode it to your desired file format including DivX, AVI, QuickTime, MPEG 4-ISO, H.264, DVD-Video, DVD-VR, HDV camcorder, Blu-ray Disc and much more. This powerful software provides you with functions and features ranging from a simple cut-editor tool to multiple powerful video filtering and effects. Now with NVIDIA CUDA support!

TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress gives you an easier way of encoding with 4 steps: Start, Input, Output, Encode, along with settings template so you don t waste your time figuring out the spec settings. Now it doesn t take a video guru to be able to encode video; with the simple user interface, workflow is a lot more enjoyable.

Convert Almost Any Video File!
TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress excells at converting video from one format to another. Got a Media Center recording that you'd like to convert to DivX? Or maybe you have a DivX file you'd like to convert to DVD-compliant MPEG?TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress can do it all, and you'll have complete control over the output settings. You can even make your own custom output settings!
NVIDIA CUDA Support! NEW!
If you have a NVIDIA CUDA compatible graphics card, you can unleash the power of the GPU's multiple cores to crush the processing time for decoding and applying video filters! (Speed increases are dependent on your hardware environment and are not guaranteed.)
Edit Your Video
TMPGEnc 4.0 XPress includes plenty of tools to enhance your video. Use the cut-editor to cut out unwanted scenes. Add filters to correct color, crop the picture, resize, sharpen, deinterlace, reduce noise, and more!
AVCHD input support!Convert Your AVCHD Footage! NEW!
The popular AVCHD video format is now officially supported as an input source! Easily take your AVCHD footage and convert it to other video formats such as DVD-Video!
Blu-ray Disc output Blu-ray Disc Encoding! NEW!
We've added a new output template for the Blu-ray Disc format! Convert your video into BDMV or BDAV compliant MPEG-2 video and maintain the quality of your high definition footage!

Main features:
H.264/MPEG-4 ISO output (Standard and High Definition)
High Definition Video support and encoding template
19 Audio and Video Filters
High Speed Thumbnail Navigation
Smart Scene Search
MP3 input/output
QuickTime output
Officially licensed DivX video software product
Creates high-quality DivX video
Flash Video input support
Multi core CPU support
SlideShow creations
DVD Video Subtitle support
Support for Intel Core 2 Extreme quad-core processors

New Features:
Utilize NVIDIA CUDA For Filtering and Decoding NEW!
NVIDIA CUDA technology is now supported for processing the video filters and decoding. The multiple cores of the GPU can divide the workload and run the processes in parallel for a huge boost in processing speed over your computer's CPU*. This lets you apply multiple filters such as video noise removal (time), smart sharpen, color correction, and more without having to add hours to your output time!

*Speed improvements are dependent on your hardware specifications.

The GeForce8800 GTX/GTS video card using the G80 core is not currently supported. Thank you for your understanding.
Decoding benefits apply to MPEG-1/2 video only and may produce unexpected video output quality compared to regular CPU decoding.

You can activate NVIDIA CUDA processing by going to Options > Preferences > NVIDIA CUDA 2.0.
To learn more about NVIDIA CUDA technology, CUDA enabled graphics cards and graphics card drivers, visit NVIDIA's website.

Performance Optimization Feature NEW!
You can choose to optimize your CPU and CUDA performance based on your hardware when you start up the program. This allows the video filters to use the processing method that will obtain the best results, increasing the performance of your hardware and saving you time.
Real Time Processing Rate Display NEW!
During output, the processing performance of the CPU and CUDA processors are displayed so you can see how much your computer is utilizing them. These results are not cumulative and only display the currentprocessing rate.
Test results show impressive performance gains NEW!
In the beta version, application performance has been increased by up to 446% with CUDA technology, compared to the Intel Core2Quad Q9450, a top-of-the-line CPU. This demonstrates that CUDA technology will have a major impact on encoding speed, which requires a lot of filterprocessing.

