BIKER BOYZ DVDrip

VIDEO CODEC Xvid
SIZE/RES 480x272[wide screen]
runtime 106.24mins
video bitrate 512
video framerate 25
Xvid profile asp25

AUDIO CODEC MP3
audio bitrate 128
sample rate 44100
info  123 kb/s tot , Joint Stereo

In the world of underground motorcycle clubs, the undefeated racer known as Smoke (Laurence Fishburne) is the undisputed "King of Cali." But Smoke's dominance of the set is about to be threatened by a young motorcycle racing prodigy called Kid (Derek Luke), who is determined to win Smoke's helmet and earn the coveted title.

Kid says that the difference between men and boys are the lessons they learn- and that his father, Slick Will, taught him plenty. Kid's mother, Anita, is left a single mother after Kid's father dies at the beginning of the movie. A challenger for Smoke's crown crashes, sending a bike hurtling into Kid's father - Smoke's mechanic, Slick Will. Six months after the funeral of Kid's father, he decides to take up racing on the underground circuit without his mother's knowledge. The movie timeline is a bit unclear here as Kid later tells his mother that he has been racing for six months. As only a couple of weeks appear to have passed from the six month jump it would seem to imply that he started racing almost immediately after Slick Will's funeral.

His first "race" was when he interfered with Stuntman's race with Donny. As he interrupts the race, he pulls off several stunts, notably standing on top of the motocycle while it is still moving. He wins the race and the crowd seem to like his stunts, much to the dissatisfaction of Smoke. Kid demands to race with Smoke but Smoke says he is too inexperienced and should get experience first. It is later revealed that Kid and Stuntman were hustling in that race.

Kid then goes to a diner where he meets fellow hustler Stuntman. Fellow biker Primo tells them to create a biker gang, and after a bit of persuasion they agree, calling themselves the "Biker Boyz."

Kid is set to race Motherland to prove he is good enough to race Smoke. However he has showed up late to "make an entrance" after Smoke has beaten Dogg. Kid is arrested when racing Motherland, whereupon his mother forbids him to race again.

Kid is "called out" to race Dogg and he accepts. Having said that, Anita informs Smoke before the race that Kid is actually his son, not Slick Will's. Smoke successfully stops the race by telling Kid it is too dangerous. This however only leads to a fight between the two from which Kid comes off considerably worse than Smoke. Kid is then told Smoke is his father, and leaves home.

Kid decides to turn renegade and after gaining quite a few more followers for his club, announces that "we're gonna win more lids than any crew on the set and we're gonna out hustle every crew off the set" and indicates that from that point on, "Biker Boyz set their own rules." At this point the Biker Boyz get their own hangout and begin hustling several races, but when they go to the wrong part of town and Stuntman successfully hustles the nephew of a respected biker, Stuntman and Primo are ambushed at the next party. Kid comes to the rescue but is quickly over-powered as the leader of the other gang pulls a gun on him.

Smoke and some of the other Black Knights intervene and convince the other biker to stand down. Smoke takes Kid inside and sits down to give him a stern talking-to, but Kid shrugs it off angrily. It is at this point that Smoke agrees to race Kid. However, whoever loses will never race again. But first Kid has to race Dogg. Dogg runs Kidd off the track, wrecking his bike. Later that night Dogg lends him his bike as he wants Smoke to be finally beaten.

Smoke and Kid are racing on a farm with open fields. With the finish line in sight, it is obvious that Smoke will win. However filled with emotions, he decides to slow down and let his son win the race, becoming the new "King of Cali." Kid tells Smoke to hang onto his crown for a while, and that he'll come and get it someday. Kid rides off, repeating his sentiment that the difference between men and boys are the lessons they learn - and that his father, Smoke, taught him plenty.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0326769/

PLEASE SEED AND ENJOY 