Strip Searched (2010) [VOD-WMV]
 
http://www.tlavideo.com/raw-strip-searched/p-307976-4?sn=1 
http://www.adultdvdnow.com/dvd/Strip_Searched_87944.html

Studio 	Vouyer Media
Release Date Jun 12, 2010
Category All Sex, Anal, Compilation, Oral, Swallowing, 4 Hour
Director Zander
Starring Mark Wood, Mick Blue, Sascha, Marco Banderas, Madison Scott, Juelz Ventura, Bridgette B., Tessa Taylor, Tia Cyrus, Cathy Heaven

You have the right to remain hard!

Are you ready to do some hard time? From The Big Doll House to Chained Heat, “babes behind bars” have long ruled the day in mainstream films. But rarely have the twisted sexual exploits that go down inside the greybar hotel been treated with the hardcore panache that 2010 AVN award nominated director Zander brings to the table in Strip Searched. 

For proof of Zander's inherent feel for the genre, one need look no further than the cast he’s assembled for his latest erotic opus. With her dark eyes, olive-skin, and delicious ink, 2010 Penthouse cover star Juelz Ventura couldn’t have found a better vehicle for her unique charms. 

And while she’s long been an industry favorite, Juelz has rarely been photographed as well as she is here. Her petite body, pert breasts and sly smile all shine in a smoldering tease sequence that leads seamlessly into some powerful XXX action. Simply put, get ready for jailhouse rock of a radically different stripe.

Strip Searched covergirl Madison Scott exhibits a similar carnal charisma, obviously relishing the opportunity to seduce the camera with her flawless skin and supple breasts before showing off her formidable sex skills in another fit of caged fury.

With superstar performances like these, the passion, energy, and excitement never flag, regardless of whether the focus is on Cathy Heaven's great, deep swallowing blowjobs or the torrid trysts that unite teenagers Tessa Taylor and Tia Cyrus with the likes of Sascha, Mark Wood, and Mick Blue. Taken together, these segments add up to a movie that is guaranteed to put your lust on lockdown. 

From costumes and settings that pay knowing homage to the women-in-prison films of yesteryear to a bonus sequence that pairs Marco Banderas up with “Spanish Doll” Bridgette B., Strip Searched is a lighthearted erotic exercise that's as stylish as it is filthy. Nearly three hours in length, the DVD is presented in 16:9 widescreen HD and comes wrapped in a striking O-card featuring the shapely Madison Scott in what has to be the sexiest sheriff’s uniform in adult movie history. 

From baby gangsters to reform school girls, the wild, the willing, and the innocent get rolled up and topped out in Strip Searched. It's a naked cage of desire and Vouyer Media is ready to lock your cell and throw away the key. But with cellmates like these, don’t be surprised if you beg for life without parole.

