Roald Dahl - Not just children's books 
     

HIS FIRST NOVEL FOR GROWNUPS

      From that most dramatically dual of literary personalities, writing not in his classic
“Chocolate Factory” incarnation but as the devilish Dahl of Kiss Kiss and Switch Bitch --
here is the ultimate adult romp.
      Behold Uncle Oswald, Michelangelo of seduction.
      He makes Casanova look like Winnie the Pooh.
      He stumbles -- circa 1919 -- onto the world’s most powerful aphrodisiac: Powdered
Sudanese Blister Beetle.
      it makes Spanish Fly look like Ovaltine.
      Then he discovers a method of quick-freezing sperm . . . and gets the most imspired
commercial idea in history.
      First he makes a list of the 51 living geniuses and crowned heads (from young James
Joyce and King Albert of the Belgians to Puccini and Henry Ford) whom your average very
rich and ambitious woman might most want to father her children. Then he retains the
half-Persian, ineffably beautiful (and insatiable) biology student Yasmin to personally
administer Blister Beetle to each of the famous 51 and, during each incredible aftermath,
to collect the priceless essence of fatherhood for freezing. Well. As we follow Yasmin across
Europe -- from Genius to Genius and Royal to Royal -- amazing scenes take place. George
Bernard Shaw’s ultimate secret is revealed. Freud is utterly bewildered. Picasso doesn’t
even put down his paintbrush . . .
      How does Yasmin gain access to the great? Which of Them is interestingly activated by
the Beetle Pill: King Alfonso? Proust? Kipling perhaps? Who will ultimately make a fortune
from the scheme? And will the world be incresingly populated (and, of course, enhanced) by
the secret progeny and grand-progeny, ad infinitum, of the dazzling 51? These are only a
few of the questions answered in a book in which you encounter -- under quite
extraordinary circumstances -- just about everybody who was anybody you might like to
have had for your dad.


^ text from inside front cover notes.


* I've Also included two of his young readers classics:

Charlie and the Chocolate factory

and

Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator


*These are all NEW PDF formatted versions that I personally spent a couple hours each on to get right and readable.

I will seed these through the evening, and on & off through the weekend, so PLEASE SEED!!

I hope to seed for a while, but I may loose my apartment and internet soon.

ENJOY!