Vaccinations & Health Concerns

Date:
 08-04-09
 
Host:
 George Noory
 
Guests:
 Dr. Robin Falkov, Barbara Loe Fisher, Jane Burgermeister, Dr. Andrew Moulden 
 


During the first three hours, a special program on vaccinations and health concerns featured homeopathic & acupuncture physician Dr. Robin Falkov and three experts in alternative healthcare she invited to participate in the discussion. Barbara Loe Fisher, the co-founder and president of the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), pointed out that legislation passed in the wake of 9-11 allows experimental vaccines to be tested on Americans without liability, in the event of a "public health emergency." And now with the advent of Swine Flu, the US government may be planning forced inoculations in schools this fall. She noted that "adjuvants" added to vaccines to make them more potent can cause problems for certain people. Fisher and Falkov advised people to educate themselves on vaccine risks and specific public health laws in their state.

Dr. Andrew Moulden spoke about medical discoveries that connect vaccinations to chronic disorders and disease, such as autism, ADHD, Sudden Infant Death, and Gulf War Syndrome. He believes that vaccines impair blood flow and introduce brain and body damages. Further, a number of vaccines contain aluminum, which he said was particularly problematic.

Jane Burgermeister talked about her filing of criminal charges in Austria against Baxter Healthcare and WHO, related to Baxter’s Austrian subsidiary distributing 72 kilos of vaccine material contaminated with live bird flu virus to sixteen laboratories. She considers this an act of bioterrorism rather than an accident. 

Falkov recommended the Vaccine Safety Manual by Neil Miller, and stressed that the possibility of mass vaccinations with an unproven, possibly toxic substance should serve as a wake-up call for people to join together on a community level and consider action. 

The last hour of the show featured Open Lines. 
