Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


Rose Tattoo is an Australian hard rock band, led by Angry Anderson. Their sound is mixed with blues rock influences. Among their best known songs are "We Can't Be Beaten", "Scarred for Life", "Rock 'n' Roll Outlaw" and "Bad Boy for Love". Their first four albums were produced by Harry Vanda and George Young who also worked with AC/DC.

Guns N' Roses, L.A. Guns, Keel, Nashville Pussy and Helen Schneider have all covered Rose Tattoo songs.

Scarred For Life is the third album by Australian hard rock band Rose Tattoo. Scarred For Life launched Rose Tattoo to international success with the rock anthem "We Can't Be Beaten."

Rose Tattoo was formed in Sydney in 1976 by slide guitarist Peter Wells, who had just departed the bassist role in Buffalo. Ian Rilen from Band of Light joined on bass. Rilen had apparently taught himself to play bass while in prison and thus gave Wells' band the street-cred he was looking for. Rhythm guitarist Mick Cocks, singer Tony Lake and drummer Michael Vandersluys completed the line-up however the last two only remained for a few rehearsals and were soon replaced by former Buster Brown members Angry Anderson and Dallas "Digger" Royal. Like Buffalo, Buster Brown had enjoyed a level of notoriety, playing at the Sunbury Festival in 1974 and at one point had featured AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd. Rose Tattoo made their public debut on New Year's Eve at the rock club Chequers that several years earlier had launched the career of AC/DC.

Chiefly inspired by The Rolling Stones and the Faces, Rose Tattoo's hard-rocking sound quickly earned a devoted following in the Sydney area. Among the band's fans were the members of AC/DC, who recommended them to Albert Productions; the band's debut single "Bad Boy for Love" was written by Rilen, who left the lineup prior to the record's release.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

