File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"For Your Entertainment" is the debut mainstream single by American recording artist and American Idol season eight runner-up Adam Lambert. It is also the title track to his debut studio album, For Your Entertainment. The song was released commercially on November 3, 2009.

The single was written by Claude Kelly and Dr. Luke, who have previously collaborated with other contemporary artists such as Britney Spears, Katy Perry, Avril Lavigne, Flo Rida, and Kelly Clarkson.

The music video for "For Your Entertainment" premiered on Lambert's official website on November 24, 2009. It was directed by Ray Kay.

On October 28, 2009, Lambert announced via Twitter that his lead single from his debut album would be "For Your Entertainment", a song that was produced by Dr. Luke. The following day, Lambert announced that the single would debut on Ryan Seacrest's radio show on October 30, 2009.

The song became available as a legal download in the United States on November 3, 2009 and on November 15, 2009 in the United Kingdom.

"For Your Entertainment" made its live debut at the American Music Awards on November 22, 2009, at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles, California. It was a sadomasochism-laden performance that drew 1,500 complaints to the network that broadcast the show: the American Broadcasting Company (ABC). Lambert told Rolling Stone magazine, "Female performers have been doing this for years — pushing the envelope about sexuality — and the minute a man does it, everybody freaks out. We're in 2009 — it's time to take risks, be a little more brave, time to open people's eyes and if it offends them, then maybe I'm not for them. My goal was not to piss people off, it was to promote freedom of expression and artistic freedom." In response to his performance, the Parents Television Council, a conservative decency campaigning group, urged viewers to complain to the FCC if living in an area where the performance was shown before 10 p.m. local time. Lambert's performance reportedly was broadcast around 11 p.m. Eastern and Pacific time, "outside the FCC's usual 6am-10pm time frame prohibiting the broadcast of indecent material". ABC received about 1,500 telephoned complaints and announced he would not perform on Good Morning America on November 25th as planned. CBS subsequently invited Lambert to perform instead on The Early Show, on the same date in New York City.

For Your Entertainment is the debut album from American artist and American Idol season eight runner-up, Adam Lambert. It was released on November 23, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

