File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


Joy Lynn Strand (born April 25, 1985) better known by her stage name Jadyn Maria is a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter. Strand was the first artist signed to Ne-Yo's Compound Entertainment label.

Strand was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico but grew up in Nashville, Tennessee after moving there when she was two. She was the oldest daughter born to Rosa and Dan, a Southern Baptist pastor. Her mother is Puerto Rican. Her family's Christian  background meant that she was immersed in Christian music. Strand began singing in church at the age of two. She currently lives in Atlanta, Georgia.

At the age of seventeen, Strand was signed to Sparrow Records, a Christian music subsidiary of EMI, after being spotted singing at a wedding. She appeared on the song "Never Alone (Nunca Solo)" from Avalon band member Jody McBrayer's album, This is Who I Am. She was also asked to record a cover of "With or Without You" with GRITS on the U2 tribute album In the Name of Love: Artists United for Africa.

She and one of her songs, "Rock You Senseless" was featured in a commercial for Clairol's 2004 Herbal Essence campaign. The song was released digitally and also used in an episode of What I Like About You called "Split Ends" in which Strand played a role loosely based on her experience of getting the part for the Herbal Essence commercial.

By then, she had signed with Virgin Records with plans to release a non-Christian album that failed to come to fruition. A subsequent contract with Zomba Label Group also fell through. Strand later appeared as a contestant in the failed reality television series The One: Making a Music Star in 2006.

In 2007, Strand signed a songwriting deal with Universal Music Publishing Group, which led to her meeting with Ne-Yo's manager and then Ne-Yo, himself and eventually signing with his label and Universal Motown after auditioning for its president in 2008. She was the first artist signed to Ne-Yo's label, Compound Entertainment. Strand was an opening act for Ne-Yo on his Year of the Gentleman tour.

She is also friends with Katy Perry and appeared in Perry's music video for "Hot N Cold" as a bridesmaid. Strand co-wrote the title bonus track from Ashley Tisdale's album, Guilty Pleasure. Strand is working on her album, "Man's World", due to be released in 2010. Her debut single, "Good Girls Like Bad Boys" was released on June 9, 2009, it features Flo Rida. Another song, "Trenchcoat & Shades" was released digitally in the UK on September 6, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

