Wackies music has a distinctive sound. It is bass heavy and deliberately crafted to have what some people call a "lo-fi" sound. Wackies achieved this sound using special recording techniques and equipment. This equipment was so notable that some pieces now have a place in the Les Paul Museum. Popular Jamaican reggae artists such as Horace Andy, Sugar Minott, and Wayne Jarret appeared regularly on the label. However, Lloyd Barnes developed a number of New York-based artists such as: Itopia; Chosen Brothers; Love Joys; Jah Batta; Clive Field Marshall; Dub Generals, and Junior Delahaye, whose releases primarily appeared on the Wackies label. Most commonly known as "Bullwackie All Stars," Lloyd Barnes worked with a notable group of studio musicians including: Jerry Harris; Ras Menelik; Jerry Johnson; Clive "Azul" Hunt, and Douglas Levy.

Wackies music, while mainly known for its contribution to reggae, influenced the burgeoning hip hop movement of late-70's and Early-80's New York. Reggae sound system dances were quite popular throughout New York City. Wackies music was played on specialized, powerful soundsystems while reggae deejays such as Jah Batta vocalized rhythmically and melodically atop the trademark bass-heavy sound.

This is a self made comilation drawn from several releases on the Basic Label

You can see their catalogue here:
 
http://basicchannel.com/label/Wackies

Tracklisting


1.	Addis Ababa Dub - Wackies
2.	Studio Man - Love Joys
3.	Mother Land Dub - Wackies
4.	Sheep Skin  Gone Clear - Clive Field Marshall
5.	Jah Light - Love Joys
6.	Live And Love – Wayne Jarrett
7.	Ethiopians Live It - African Woman Abroad
8.	Prepare Jah Man - Jah Carlos
9.	Simple Little Woman - Joe Auxumite
10.	Money Money & Bullybay Jumping - Al Moodie
11.	Stranger Get Up - Love Joys
12.	Freedom Train – Sugar Minott
13.	Revolution - Dennis Brown
14.	Dubwise -  Wackies
15.	General - Ini Kamoze
16.	He’s My God - Annette Brissett
17.	Mango Walk - The Chosen Brothers
18.	Jenifer Charm - Clive Field Marshall

EAC rip Log and cover images.

Enjoy and explore the Basic Label, some nice things you will find.

Please seed



