Friday, March 5, 2010

As you are no doubt aware, in disturbing news that’s hardly even news these days, there’s been another violent anti-government incident, this one outside the Pentagon.  Details on the alleged perpetrator are just emerging, but it all seems to be sadly in line with the sort of pathological behavior that’s been manifesting itself with more frequency lately. There are several ways to deal with paranoid extremism. Unfortunately, one of them seems to be to use paranoid extremism. In a perfect example of making things worse, the Sheriff of Bossier Parish, Louisiana has created a parish emergency operations plan that seems to rely mostly on giving guns to overweight middle-aged white “volunteers.”   Video from the sheriff departments’ own website shows what appears to be a gathering of exclusively pudgy white guys being shown the rudiments of what parish Chief Deputy of Support Services Doyle Dempsey calls “use of force continuum” while they peruse a virtual arsenal of weaponry to be put at their disposal. Really? This is their plan in case of an emergency? I think that—to most people—a situation where a bunch of poorly trained rednecks are given lethal weapons constitutes an emergency. Yes, a hurricane can be devastating. A terrorist attack could be very damaging. But neither one is likely to be as harmful as mobs of rampaging rednecks with machine guns. Nice going, Bossier Parish. You’ve created a plan to respond to a natural disaster with a manmade disaster. So what happened here? Somebody was tasked with coming up with an emergency response plan, and decided the best idea would be to give automatic weapons to the cast of “Deliverance.” Great idea, if you’re being invaded by Ned Beatty. The plan is called “Operation Exodus.” Nice choice. One look at these volunteers, and I would be planning a hasty exodus from Bossier Parish myself. Their website says “Operation Exodus” was chosen for the Biblical reference in which “…the Israelites were totally on their own, learning to be self-sufficient and handle everything alone…” OK. I’m no Bible scholar, but as I remember Exodus, the Israelites were carrying unleavened bread, not automatic weapons. And besides—take another look at the Bible. The Israelites were running away! Or is your plan that, in the event of a terrorist attack, you flee and wander the desert for 40 years?

As we see from today’s news, there are plenty of loose cannons out there. Our response shouldn’t be to set more cannons loose.