This CD is no longer Available

The Beach Boys - The Beach Boys' Christmas Album (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 / 15 files 

Category  Rock/Pop, Oldies, Rock, Christmas 
Label  Capitol / EMI 
Orig Year  1998 
All Time Sales Rank    93849   
CD Universe Part number  1518951 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Nov 01, 1991 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Producer  Brian Wilson 
Recording Time  36 minutes

 1. Little Saint Nick 
 2. Man With All the Toys, The 
 3. Santa's Beard 
 4. Merry Christmas Baby 
 5. Christmas Day 
 6. Frosty the Snowman 
 7. We Three Kings of Orient Are 
 8. Blue Christmas 
 9. Santa Claus Is Coming to Town 
 10. White Christmas 
 11. I'll Be Home For Christmas 
 12. Auld Lang Syne 


Originally released in 1964, this classic early Beach Boys album contains both traditional holiday songs like "White Christmas," "Blue Christmas," and "Frosty the Snowman," and Brian Wilson-penned originals like "Little Saint Nick," "Merry Christmas, Baby," and "Christmas Day," the latter of which is also Al Jardine's lead vocal debut. A rarity in that half the album is produced by Dick Reynolds, the regular arranger for primary Beach Boys influences the Four Freshmen, rather than Brian Wilson himself, the CHRISTMAS ALBUM also features a gorgeous a cappella version of "Auld Lang Syne," previously unreleased mixes, and contemporary interviews with both Brian and Dennis Wilson.

Since Phil Spector produced the classic A CHRISTMAS MESSAGE FOR YOU, it's fitting that Brian Wilson would emulate his idol once again and release a superior Christmas album of his own. Like BEACH BOYS PARTY!, another "novelty" record whose musical substance belies its humble origins, THE BEACH BOYS' CHRISTMAS ALBUM is the finished work of just emerged professionals.

The set begins with several Wilson originals, such as "Little Saint Nick " and "Merry Christmas, Baby"--tastefully produced in low-riding Beach Boys surfer style. Midway, the emphasis shifts to familiar Christmas standards such as "Frosty The Snowman" and "We Three Kings," featuring the Boys' rich, Four Freshman-derived harmony work and accompanied by full orchestra just like the grown-ups do. One is reminded that Brian Wilson began his musical education by figuring out those complex Four Freshman vocal parts on an old upright piano in his room. And if one ever needed reminding, again his homework paid off in droves.
 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce
