 http://bayimg.com/fAPlaAACH

It's Alive  (1974) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071675/

DUAL AUDIO TRACKS
TRACK 1 RUSSIAN
TRACK 2 ENGLISH

It's Alive is a 1974 American horror film written, produced, and directed by Larry Cohen. In the movie, a couple's infant child turns out to be a vicious mutant monster that kills when frightened. Notable talents involved in the movie were Bernard Herrmann for the score (noted for his work on many films of Alfred Hitchcock) and Rick Baker (makeup artist) for makeup and puppet effects.  Larry Cohen is a great idea man. Recently, as an example, he is the creative force behind both Phone Booth and Cellular. And in the horror department he wrote both the underrated Maniac Cop series and the monster movie classic Q. He is however best known for his Seventies opus, the It's Alive killer baby series. His trademark social commentary and realistic dialog are evidenced in spades.

  John P. Ryan  ...  Frank (as John Ryan)  
  Sharon Farrell  ...  Lenore  
  James Dixon  ...  Lt. Perkins  
  William Wellman Jr.  ...  Charley  
  Shamus Locke  ...  The Doctor  
  Andrew Duggan  ...  The Professor  
  Guy Stockwell  ...  Bob Clayton  
  Daniel Holzman  ...  Chris  
  Michael Ansara  ...  The Captain  
  Robert Emhardt  ...  The Executive  
  Nancy Burnett  ...  Nurse (as Mary Nancy Burnett)  
  Patrick McAllister  ...  Expectant Father (as Patrick Macallister)  
  Diana Hale  ...  Secretary  
  Gerald York  ...  Expectant Father  
  Jerry Taft  ...  Expectant Father 


Lenore Davis gives birth to a hideous clawed and fanged mutant baby. It immediately slaughters the delivery team and then flees into the city. As it conducts a spate of killings in its search for food and shelter, the father Frank is suspended from his job. He joins the police manhunt, determined to exterminate the baby. Through the course of this, Frank instead becomes the baby’s saviour.

At the heart of the film are the excellent performances of the parents, namely John Ryan in the lead role. While normally a character actor, here John relishes his opportunity to star. He brings a boat load of pathos to the role, and wears his inner turmoil and conflict on his face. The title of the film is a reference to the line in Frankenstein, and John mentions at one point that he used to think that “Frankenstein” was the name of the monster, but figured out later that it was actually the name of the doctor. Their identities had melded. The doctor, no matter who he was before the birth of the monster, would always be known as the creator of this beast, just as the father will always be linked to the monstrous child, despite his attempts to brush the whole thing under the rug.

It's Alive is all the more effective not so much for the scares, which would make it merely a better jump in on the Rosemary’s Baby (1968) and The Exorcist (1973)-inspired malignant pregnancies and diabolical children cycle, but for Cohen’s perverse inversion of paternal/infant imagery. It is subtle and understated but the baby’s trail of killings, for instance, seem to be related to a sense of its enforced self-sufficiency – having to find its own milk, a nursery, a home – against which is balanced John P. Ryan’s need to prove to himself that it is not human and by extension not his. Most fascinating is the ending where John P. Ryan finds the pathetically mewling baby in the sewers and fathering instinct takes over, suddenly turning him from the baby’s exterminator to its saviour. The scenes with it bawling in the torchlight as he approaches it to tell it to stop crying and the subsequent chase lit in the red flash of sirens is something that Cohen pulls off with style.

Surprisingly, in view of the fact that some countries (Finland among them) banned the film, the movie received a MPAA rating of PG in the United States. It was also originally given an 18 certificate in the UK, but was recently lowered to a 15. It was also originally given an R rating in Australia, where it has been lowered to an MA rating. It was given an R16 rating in New Zealand.

The film was a financial failure in its initial 1974 release. Three years after its original release, it was reissued with a new advertisement campaign. The new 1977 TV advertisement showed a baby carriage with the music "Rock-a-bye Baby" playing, then a claw came out and a voice-over said, "There is only one thing wrong with the Davis baby. It's alive". The new ad drew people into theaters, ultimately earning Warner Bros. $7.1 million in U.S. domestic rentals.

