File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Cd recorder: Plextor PX-716SA (for my rips)
Cd Ripper: Exact Audio Copy V0.99 prebeta 4 (for my rips)
EAC Log: Yes (for my rips)
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes (for my rips)
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce;
Torrent Hash: AE4CF1D187E9484A07114C1B720FA456E47B8590
File Size: 5.62 GB
Label: Nothing / Interscope



Albums, Years & Catalog # in this torrent: 


Studio Albums 


Portrait of an American Family 1994 CD 92344
Antichrist Superstar 1996 INTSD-90086
Mechanical Animals 1998 (ripped from a friend, no catalog)
Holy Wood 2000
The Golden Age of Grotesque 2003
Eat Me, Drink Me 2007
The High End of Low 2009





Greatest Hits, Live, Singles & Remixes 


Lunchbox 1995 INTDM-95806 (single)
Smells like Children 1995 INTMD-92641 (Remix)
Lest We Forget 2002 (Greatest Hits)
The Last Tour on Earth 1999 (Live)
Remix & Repent 1997 (EP Remix)
Coke & Sodomy 2002 (Remix Bootleg)



*albums with a Catalog # denotes my rip. Audiochecker folder included, not sure why the Lunchbox Single all tracks have Error. Its my rip but as I’ve said before Audiochecker can have false positives and be buggy.


Please help seed these FLACs! 




From Wiki:



Marilyn Manson (born January 5, 1969 as Brian Hugh Warner), is an American musician and artist known for his controversial stage persona and image as the lead singer of the eponymous band. His stage name was formed from the names of actress Marilyn Monroe and convicted murderer[1] Charles Manson.[2][3] His long legacy as being depicted in the media as a bad influence on children, along with his seemingly outrageous styles for which he models, and the controversy surrounding his lyrics all have led to his more pronounced public appeal




Studio Albums:






Portrait of an American Family 1994


Portrait of an American Family is Marilyn Manson's debut album, released in 1994. This album was produced by Trent Reznor. As on the band's next two releases, Trent Reznor is co-producer. The album has sold 2.5 million copies worldwide.


The Portrait of an American Family album has an especially wide array of American cultural references. The words "Go on and smile, you cunt" at the beginning of "Cake and Sodomy" are spoken by Marlon Brando in the film Last Tango in Paris. In the song "Dogma," there is a sample from the John Waters film Pink Flamingos, when Mink Stole's character says "Burn, you fucker!" before setting fire to a trailer. Although the clip from Desperate Living is credited in the liner notes, this audio clip is not. Furthermore, John Waters was thanked in the liner notes. The phrase "We're gonna ride to the Abbey of Thelema" in the song "Misery Machine" is a reference to Aleister Crowley's Abbey of Thelema, which was used as the Headquarters from which the doctrines of Thelema would be spread throughout the world.

The track "My Monkey" borrows certain lyrics from a Charles Manson song called "Mechanical Man;" the lyrics of "My Monkey" are credited simply to "Manson". At 02:29 of "Get Your Gunn", there is a sample of a crowd murmuring and a gun shot. This is the audio from the press conference in which Budd Dwyer committed suicide in front of an audience. The words to "Prelude (The Family Trip)" come from Roald Dahl's book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Also, the printing of Marilyn Manson on various promos during this time and on the remix album Smells Like Children resemble the printing of the title to the 1971 film version of the novel.

"Killing is killing, whether done for duty, profit or fun" is a quote by Richard Ramirez that is an audio clip at the start of "Snake Eyes and Sissies". "Organ Grinder" features the sample "Lollipops for the kiddie winkies," spoken by the Child Catcher from the movie Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. At the start of "Cyclops" there is a very slowed down and distorted sample of the preacher from Poltergeist II singing "God Is In His Holy Temple". "Dope Hat" contains the samples "the great Hoodoo!" and "Prepare to meet your doom" taken from the Sid and Marty Krofft cult TV show Lidsville. These words are spoken by the actor Charles Nelson Reilly. "Lunchbox" contains the sample "I bring you fire!" from the song "Fire" by The Crazy World of Arthur Brown. "Misery Machine" contains a sample from "Beep Beep" by The Playmates. "Wrapped in Plastic" is influenced by Twin Peaks, referencing the image of character Laura Palmer wrapped in plastic, which was one of the show's most enduring images. It also featured the distorted words "Hallelujah" and "Meanwhile" from the Twin Peaks scene in the Black Lodge. This is followed by the distinctive scream of Laura Palmer.



Tracks: 


1.	"Prelude (The Family Trip)"  
2.	"Cake and Sodomy"  
3.	"Lunchbox"  
4.	"Organ Grinder"  
5.	"Cyclops"  
6.	"Dope Hat"  
7.	"Get Your Gunn"  
8.	"Wrapped In Plastic"  
9.	"Dogma"  
10.	"Sweet Tooth"  
11.	"Snake Eyes and Sissies"  
12.	"My Monkey"  
13.	"Misery Machine" (with bonus track. actual song is 5:08)









Antichrist Superstar 1996


Antichrist Superstar (sometimes written as Antichrist Svperstar as an allusion to Latin) is Marilyn Manson's second full-length studio release and was released in 1996. The album raised public awareness of the band, and led to numerous protests due to the band's supposed anti-Christian stance. It was produced by the band's frontman and Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails. The album has sold 7.5 million copies worldwide as of 2008


The album's title is a combination of the concept of the Antichrist with the title of the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical Jesus Christ Superstar. The influence of the latter can also be seen in the song "Angel with the Scabbed Wings", which features a riff strongly reminiscent of a portion of the Jesus Christ Superstar score.

The album is considered a concept album. In a three part storyline, an abused and apathetic person (represented by "The Worm") becomes an influential celebrity and finally is transformed into the powerful "Disintegrator". In an issue of Kerrang! magazine edited by Manson, he stated that the album was a tribute to—and inspired by—the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. Much of the album content is deliberately vague, allowing listeners to draw independent conclusions.

Many of the album's riffs are based on the notes of a diminished pentatonic minor scale. This scale in D runs D E F G Ab, and is a staple of metal songwriting, being preferred due to its dark tone (this being due to its combination of a minor key and the inclusion of the tri-tone Devil's Interval, the interval brought to rock in the main riff of the song "Black Sabbath", and banned in the middle ages for its supposedly demonic qualities). The Devil's Interval can be heard in the first ten chord-strikes of "The Beautiful People". Other songs built around the diminished pentatonic minor include "Irresponsible Hate Anthem" and "Little Horn".

It has elaborate packaging, consisting of a black cardstock sleeve covering the plastic jewel case with graphics of Manson on both the front and back, the latter of which is flanked by the red Superstar Shock logo and the roman numerals IX, VI, III and VII. The booklet contains pictures of the band, a visual worm-to-angel metamorphosis, medical diagrams, printed lyrics to each song, and liner notes including traditional thanks and credits as well as a curious entry found under the lyrics to the song "Irresponsible Hate Anthem", stating it was recorded live on February 14, 1997, despite the album being released well before that in October 1996.

Also, found on the front of the album cover is a circle surrounded by the words Heart, Mind, Complacent, and Malice. If you fold the booklet just right you can also find the hidden words Heart, Mind, Complacent, and Malice made up of folding the words Heaven/Comfort, Minister/Fiend, Complaisant/Magnificent and Master/Lice respectively. The booklet also makes reference to Revelation chapter twelve, verses one through five, in the Bible.

The album is cyclical, as both the very beginning of Track 1 and the end of Track 99 include the distorted phrase "When you are suffering, know that I have betrayed you." Similarly, Track 16, the last "official" track of the album, ends with computer-generated voices repeating the phrase "When all of your wishes are granted, many of your dreams will be destroyed". The names of the two latter cycles seem to be referencing two films by avant garde filmmaker and Satanist Kenneth Anger: Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome and Lucifer Rising.

Tracks: 


Cycle I: The Heirophant 

1. "Irresponsible Hate Anthem" – 4:17 
2. "The Beautiful People" – 3:38 
3. "Dried Up, Tied and Dead to the World" – 4:15 
4. "Tourniquet" – 4:29 

Cycle II: Inauguration of the Worm 

5. "Little Horn" – 2:43 
6. "Cryptorchid" – 2:44 
7. "Deformography" – 4:31 
8. "Wormboy" – 3:56 
9. "Mister Superstar" – 5:04 
10. "Angel with the Scabbed Wings" – 3:53 
11. "Kinderfeld" – 4:51 

Cycle III: Disintegrator Rising 

12. "Antichrist Superstar" – 5:14 
13. "1996" – 4:01 
14. "Minute of Decay" – 4:44 
15. "The Reflecting God" – 5:36 
16. "Man That You Fear" – 6:10 
99. Untitled – 1:39









Mechanical Animals 1998


Mechanical Animals is Marilyn Manson's third full-length album, released on September 15, 1998. This album marked a glam rock phase for the band, in contrast to earlier eras.

Initial sales were extremely strong but overtime it came under fire as controversy surrounding the album and the band increased, culminating in the aftermath of the Columbine shootings of 1999 (despite the lack of evidence that the shooters were fans of the band), with unit sales halting very close behind the figure for its predecessor, Antichrist Superstar.

The album is a concept album, similar to its predecessor, Antichrist Superstar. This album is considered a prequel to its predecessor. Mechanical Animals has sold more than 8 million copies, making it the second best-selling Marilyn Manson album. It debuted at No.1 in its first week of sale, and was the first Marilyn Manson album to do so. Four singles were released off the album: "The Dope Show," "Rock is Dead," "I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)," and, only released promotionally and with a video, "Coma White." 

Compared to Marilyn Manson's previous work, Antichrist Superstar, Mechanical Animals is, on an aesthetic level, far less dark, but in concept, far more grim. In both image and music, Mechanical Animals is inspired by 1970s style, Bowie-esque glam rock.

Musically, many songs are much lighter in melodies than those on Antichrist Superstar and they are far less sonically abrasive. The lyrics, however, are much more grim than its predecessor. Compared to most of the band's work, the musical arrangement is far more complicated than anything the group released previously or since.

In the album, there are two sections of songs that show two sides of the album's character. The first section is more emotional, and the songs deal with themes of alienation and depression. Subsequently, seven of the fourteen songs are from the perspective, lyrically and musically, of a fictional band called Omēga and the Mechanical Animals, while the other seven are by Marilyn Manson. The Omēga songs are typically those most nihilistic and superficial lyrically, such as "New Model No. 15," "User Friendly," and "The Dope Show." The album artwork features a dual liner note book, in which one half has lyrics for the Omēga songs, and when flipped over, has those for the Alpha songs.

Tracks:


1.	"Great Big White World"  
2.	"The Dope Show"  
3.	"Mechanical Animals"  
4.	"Rock Is Dead"  
5.	"Disassociative"  
6.	"The Speed of Pain"  
7.	"Posthuman"  
8.	"I Want to Disappear"  
9.	"I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)"  
10.	"New Model No. 15"  
11.	"User Friendly"  
12.	"Fundamentally Loathsome"  
13.	"The Last Day on Earth"  
14.	"Coma White"  

	






Holy Wood (In The Shadow of Death) 2000


Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) is the fourth full-length album by rock band Marilyn Manson. It was released on November 14, 2000 by Interscope Records. It is a concept album, and the third and final album of a trilogy along with Antichrist Superstar and Mechanical Animals. It spawned three singles ("Disposable Teens", "The Fight Song" and "The Nobodies") and a novel which remains currently unreleased.

Holy Wood was Marilyn Manson's first album since the Columbine High School massacre (20 April 1999), for which some media outlets, pundits and politicians had made him scapegoat through accusations that his music and "goth" imagery influenced killers Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. Consequently, much of the album's content addresses the issue and poses several counterarguments investigating the roles parents, the values and culture of Conservative Christian America and the media alike also play in the exaltation and acceptance into the "mainstream" of wholesale violence. The record supplants this by underlining American society's obsession with guns, religion and fame - esp. fame that has historically been attained by people whose deaths have been publicly displayed and romanticized in the media (televised or print) and consequently painted as "martyrs" within the national or public consciousness (e.g., President John F. Kennedy also, by extension, Jesus Christ). This is the band's most successful album to date, selling over 9 million copies worldwide

Holy Wood is the prequel to Mechanical Animals and Antichrist Superstar. The main character in the over-arching storyline is Adam Kadmon who was previously manifested by Manson as the androgynous alien/rockstar "Omēga" in Mechanical Animals and "The Worm / Antichrist Superstar" on Antichrist Superstar.

Interestingly, the tragic and ill-fated character Coma White (from Mechanical Animals) is paralleled on this album by "Coma Black".

Holy Wood follows Adam Kadmon, a rebel from the Valley of Death, which is essentially a dwelling of "rejects", who leads a revolution against Holy Wood, which is populated by the rich and famous; referred to in Antichrist Superstar as "The Beautiful People". His revolution is a bittersweet success in that, while he does eradicate Holy Wood, the void assumes "the rejects" into becoming the mainstream and status quo. The new-found power and influence quickly erode their original guiding principles and they soon devolve into the same fake, profiteering, and hollow monsters as the denizens of Holy Wood. All of this disenchants Adam and leads to his (assumed) suicide and the start of the Mechanical Animals storyline.

Mechanical Animals then follows the journey, the protagonist now with a new name but essentially the same character as Adam: "Omēga" - a decadent and sexually ambiguous androgynous alien who, much like David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust, falls down to earth, is captured and then turned into a rock star product. Another lesser character on the album is Alpha who is more Manson like. Omēga, just like Adam, has a love interest for Coma. As a rock star, Omēga becomes increasingly addicted to drugs, emotionally dissociated and nihilistic. All the while his relationship with Coma grows more dysfunctional and falls into disrepair. Just as in Holy Wood, he snaps.

Finally the Antichrist Superstar storyline begins. It follows one main character and the two stages of his life; The Worm and The Disintegrator. The Worm is likened to "an insignificant shadow looking for his place in an infinite world of light." In his journey, he becomes a fascistic, repressive tyrant, the eponymous "Antichrist Superstar", known alternatively as "The Disintegrator", who in his vitriol, betrays everything the revolution fought for and along the way destroys everyone and everything around him.

Tracks: 


A: In the Shadow 

1. "GodEatGod" – 2:34 
2. "The Love Song" – 3:16 
3. "The Fight Song" – 2:55 
4. "Disposable Teens" – 3:01 

D: The Androgyne 

5. "Target Audience (Narcissus Narcosis)" – 4:18 
6. ""President Dead"" – 3:13 
7. "In the Shadow of the Valley of Death" – 4:09 
8. "Cruci-Fiction in Space"' – 4:56 
9. "A Place in the Dirt" – 3:37 

A: Of Red Earth 

10. "The Nobodies" – 3:35 
11. "The Death Song" – 3:30 
12. "Lamb of God" – 4:39 
13. "Born Again" – 3:20 
14. "Burning Flag" – 3:21 

M: The Fallen 

15. "Coma Black: a) Eden Eye, b) The Apple of Discord" – 5:58 
16. "Valentine's Day" – 3:31 
17. "The Fall of Adam" – 2:34 
18. "King Kill 33°" – 2:18 
19. "Count to Six and Die (The Vacuum of Infinite Space Encompassing)" – 3:24 
20. "The Nobodies" (Acoustic Version) (Bonus track on UK version) – 3:33 









The Golden Age of Grotesque 2003


The Golden Age of Grotesque is the fifth full length album by Marilyn Manson released in 2003. It incorporates themes from the glamorous Swing era of the thirties, as well as from the Weimar Republic of pre-Nazi Germany. It was the last Marilyn Manson album with guitarist John 5.

These themes were primarily drawn from Mel Gordon's 2000 book Voluptuous Panic: The Erotic World of Weimar Berlin. Concerned that Gordon might take issue with use of the book's material, Manson called Gordon, who said he couldn't imagine a greater compliment than a popular CD based on an academic book.[1] The album artwork is also influenced by the illustrations found in Voluptuous Panic.

The album met with modest commercial success. It debuted at #1 in the United States, selling over 120,000 copies in the first week, but was the lowest selling #1 album of the year. As of November 2008, the album has sold 526,000 copies in the United States.[2] The album drew a mixed critical response. Although ending up in many critics' 'best of' lists for 2003, other critics consider this Manson's weakest album, arguing that it lacks originality and thoughtful lyrics compared to its predecessors.

Instrumentally, this album is more beat-driven and electronic than previous albums. This is perhaps due to Tim Skold's presence — some believe this album's sound is at times reminiscent of KMFDM, with whom Skold had collaborated prior to recording with Manson.

Lyrically, this album is full of historical and popular culture references, much like Holy Wood. References include Mickey Mouse, Adolf Hitler, and Oscar Wilde. As in many of his other works, he makes extensive use of word play and double-meanings, coining words like "gloominati", "scabaret sacrilegends", "vivi-sex symbol", "cocaingels", "Mobscene", "vodevil" and "para-noir".

The Austrian-Irish artist Gottfried Helnwein collaborated with Manson on this album. The cover and the artwork inside the album sleeve was created by Helnwein, and this artwork was also shown in his exhibitions.

Also included with some copies was a DVD titled Doppelherz (Double-heart), a surrealist short film directed by Manson.

The album follows the evolution of Manson himself ("Thaeter") through to "Obsequey (The Death of Art)", or "art into a product". This album takes on dual layer storylines, first as a punk rock ballad spouting the notion to live life to its fullest in presumption that there is no future.[3] The second storyline takes a parody to the idea that living life to the fullest has led us into a nihilistic stupidity, hence the "rebel to sell" references within 'The Bright Young Things' and the transformation into a commercially acceptable "happy" icon, Mickey Mouse (Manson posed as Mickey Mouse throughout the album's publicity.)

In the song Obsequey there is a dialogue in the background. This dialogue can also be heard on the Japan Bonus Track Baboon Rape Party.

It was revealed in a 2007 edition of the British rock magazine Kerrang! that this was intended to be Marilyn Manson's departure from music. Since then this album has sold over 4 million copies worldwide.

Tracks: 


1.	"Thaeter" (Instrumental)
2.	"This Is the New Shit"  
3.	"Mobscene"  
4.	"Doll-Dagga Buzz-Buzz Ziggety-Zag"  
5.	"Use Your Fist and Not Your Mouth"  
6.	"The Golden Age of Grotesque"  
7.	"(s)AINT"  
8.	"Ka-boom Ka-boom"  
9.	"Slutgarden"  
10.	"♠"  
11.	"Para-noir"  
12.	"The Bright Young Things"  
13.	"Better of Two Evils"  
14.	"Vodevil"  
15.	"Obsequey (The Death of Art)"  
	







Eat Me Drink Me 2007


Eat Me, Drink Me is Marilyn Manson's sixth studio album, released worldwide on June 5, 2007. Eat Me, Drink Me was recorded in a rented home-recording studio in Hollywood, California by lead vocalist Marilyn Manson and guitarist and bassist Tim Skold. A press-conference with Manson in April 2007 revealed that the album itself was a collaboration strictly between himself and Tim Skold. It was produced by Marilyn Manson and Tim Skold, and mixed by Sean Beavan.[1] It has been stated that there were originally around 20 embryonic songs, all written by Skold, 2 of which (that didn't make the album) Manson considered complete with lyrics and vocals. Manson stated that he had a difficult time cutting some of them, but felt he had to in order to prevent the album from being "diluted". This album was also the last to feature Tim Skold's contributions, having been replaced by Twiggy Ramirez the following January.


Manson decided not to give up music and recorded a duet of “Don't You Want Me” with Shirley Manson. This was originally intended to support the forthcoming ‘best of’ release but was felt by both artists not to live up to their standards and has yet to see release.

Lest We Forget was released on September 28, 2004. It was referred to by the singer as his "farewell" album; however, he insisted that it would not be the final Marilyn Manson album. After the release of the single "Personal Jesus", the band made a number of promotional appearances. Lest We Forget was certified Gold in 2005. When promotion for Lest We Forget concluded the band returned to the studio and recorded eight embryonic songs – some of which had vocals, and one notably a tribute to Andy Warhol. It was supported by the Against All Gods world tour.

The Against All Gods tour was marked by one release, a 2005 EP of "The Nobodies" featuring a new mix of the song (by Chris Vrenna) and other remixes.

Tracks:


1.	"If I Was Your Vampire"  
2.	"Putting Holes in Happiness"  
3.	"The Red Carpet Grave" 
4.	"They Said That Hell's Not Hot"  
5.	"Just a Car Crash Away"  
6.	"Heart-Shaped Glasses (When the Heart Guides the Hand)"  
7.	"Evidence"  
8.	"Are You the Rabbit?"  
9.	"Mutilation is the Most Sincere Form of Flattery"  
10.	"You and Me and the Devil Makes 3"  
11.	"Eat Me, Drink Me"  







The High End of Low 2009


The High End of Low is the seventh studio album by Marilyn Manson. Sean Beavan, who mixed Antichrist Superstar, Mechanical Animals, and Eat Me, Drink Me, is co-producer of the album along with Chris Vrenna.[5] The album was released on May 25 2009 in the United Kingdom and May 26, 2009 in the United States.[7] The album's first radio single "Arma-Goddamn-Motherfuckin-Geddon" was released on May 18, 2009.[11] Reviews were mixed, with some criticizing the repetitiveness of the music and lacklustre ideas, while others praised a more human Manson following his divorce, and a return to the sound of the well-received Mechanical Animals. The album debuted at number four on the Billboard charts, falling to number 24 and 60 on its second and third weeks


On November 29, 2007, it was reported that Marilyn Manson planned to begin writing songs for their seventh studio album.[citation needed] Pre-production began following the band's Rape of the World tour, which ended on March 2, 2008.[citation needed] Jeordie "Twiggy Ramirez" White, who had collaborated with Manson on numerous previous projects was confirmed as a collaborator, and also mentioned as possible contributors were Kerry King (of Slayer) and James Iha (former guitarist of The Smashing Pumpkins),[13] though ultimately only White would be involved. The album was recorded in Manson's Hollywood Hills studio and the first single ("We're From America") was made available for download from MarilynManson.com on March 27th, 2009.[14]
The album received mixed reviews; some critics felt it sounded diluted and repetitive while others praised the album for showing Manson's more human face after his divorce and best material since Mechanical Animals.

Allison Stewart from The Washington Post gave the album a positive review saying that Manson's divorce from burlesque dancer Dita Von Teese has led to a new musical high. "He doesn't seem to realize it, but he's much more interesting, much more human, as a spurned lover than he is as a fusty culture war relic, rattling his chains."[10]

Spin writer Doug Brod gave a positive review and stated "While it's still easy to dismiss his shock tactics as puerile and insensitive he hasn't sounded this vital -- and tuneful -- since Mechanical Animals."[9]

The BBC review states that the new album sees Manson resurrected after the lacklustre Eat Me, Drink Me, with credit given to the skilled bass work on the album. The review sums up the album by saying that it "proves there's still a fair dose of blood and bile to pour from his carcass yet. More impressively, at its best it provides a pointed satirical commentary on noughties America." "We're From America" was cited as the strongest track on the new album.[2]

Planet Sound gave the album a positive review, citing it as his best work since Mechanical Animals and that Manson has his "preening confidence back. It results in strutting glam and magnificently OTT ballads, with Manson engaged with sounding alien again."[6]

Los Angeles Times reviewer Mikael Wood states that the band even provide a "surprise or two, as in "Running to the Edge of the World," a lush acoustic power ballad complete with pretty falsetto vocals." Wood also states that "'High End' makes a deeper impression as a result of Manson’s reunion with longtime guitarist-bassist Twiggy Ramirez; together with producers Sean Beavan and Chris Vrenna, they sculpted a sound both harder-hitting and more finely detailed than on any previous Marilyn Manson record."[4]

Rolling Stone reviewer Jody Rosen the album a mediocre review, citing the diminished shock value of the album compared to years past. Rosen stated the best parts of the album are in the ballads like the blues-tinged "Four Rusted Horses" for a more endearing depiction of Manson as a melancholy human rather than "Antichrist Superstar."[8]

Phil Freeman of Allmusic criticized the lack of variety in the album with "two or three musical ideas are repeated throughout the disc". He also criticized the lyrics, stating that Manson "[feels] like he's trying to convince himself as much as the audience" and that he is "pretty much advertising that [he's] out of ideas".[1] A review in The Guardian complained of the lack of novelty in the album, which repeated "the usual entry-level shock-rock histrionics".[3]

The album debuted at #4 on Billboard 200 with 49,000 copies sold. Despite reaching a higher charting position than Manson's last studio effort Eat Me, Drink Me which debuted at number 8, it arrives with the lowest opening week sum of any of Manson's albums since The Last Tour on Earth began with 26,000 in 1999.[15] Since its debut the album dropped steadily, falling to the 24th position in its second week and 60th in its third

Tracks: 


1.	"Devour"  	 
2.	"Pretty as a Swastika" (censored for retail as "Pretty as a ($)")	 
3.	"Leave a Scar"  	 
4.	"Four Rusted Horses"  	 
5.	"Arma-Goddamn-Motherfuckin-Geddon"  
6.	"Blank and White"  	 
7.	"Running to the Edge of the World"  	 
8.	"I Want to Kill You Like They Do in the Movies"  	 
9.	"WOW"  	 
10.	"Wight Spider"  	Manson, Ramirez, Vrenna
11.	"Unkillable Monster"  	 
12.	"We're From America"  
13.	"I Have to Look Up Just to See Hell"  	 
14.	"Into the Fire"  	 
15.	"15"  	
		


Bonus Disc 


1.	"Arma-goddamn-motherfuckin-geddon" (Teddy Bears Remix) – 3:30 
2.	"Leave a Scar" (Alternate Version) – 4:02 
3.	"Running to the Edge of the World" (Alternate Version) – 6:08 
4.	"Wight Spider" (Alternate Version) – 5:28 
5.	"Four Rusted Horses" (Opening Titles Version) – 5:02 
6.	"I Have to Look Up Just to See Hell" (Alternate Version) – 4:08 









Greatest Hits, Live, Singles & Remixes 








Lunchbox 1995


Lunchbox is the second single of the first album Portrait of an American Family by Marilyn Manson, released on February 5, 1995 by Interscope Records. It contains five versions of the song "Lunchbox" and the cover "Down in the Park". The single comes in a regular CD jewelcase.


Tracks: 


1.	"Lunchbox" – 4:34 
2.	"Next Motherfucker (Remix)" – 4:48 
3.	"Down in the Park" – 5:00 
4.	"Brown Bag (Remix)" – 6:19 
5.	"Metal (Remix)" – 5:25 
6.	"Lunchbox (Highschool Drop-outs)" – 4:34









Smells Like Children 1995


Smells Like Children is a 1995 Remix album by band Marilyn Manson. Various contributions by engineer and Skinny Puppy producer Dave Ogilvie, Nine Inch Nails keyboardist Charlie Clouser and new material by the band resulted in an eclectic and unusual combination of material. The album was produced by Trent Reznor and Marilyn Manson and represents an era of the band full of drugs, abuses, tours, sound experimentations and is also a reference to the Chitty Chitty Bang Bang movie. All the ideas and tracks for this EP were created and composed during the Portrait of an American Family tour and is also the first Marilyn Manson work that features Ginger Fish on drums. Marilyn Manson referred to this album as "An album that looks like an album for children that is not for children". On the bottom edge of the disc you can see the words "Keep this and all drugs away from small children"

A number of covers are included on the album, most famous of which is the band's cover of Eurythmics' "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)", which helped to skyrocket the band into the mainstream. The other covers on the album are the Patti Smith song "Rock N Roll Nigger" and Screamin' Jay Hawkins' "I Put a Spell on You". Manson's recording of "I Put a Spell on You" was also featured on the soundtrack for the David Lynch film Lost Highway.

The original version of Smells Like Children as produced by the band featured unauthorized samples from the films Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. In addition the tracks "Abuse, Part 1" and "Abuse, Part 2" included recordings of fans made backstage during the band's tour with Danzig. Interscope Records was not interested in buying licenses to use the film samples and demanded written affidavits from the participants in the "Abuse" tracks, certifying their consent to be recorded. Accordingly the album was re-edited prior to its release, but a master of the original version was mistakenly used to press a limited number of promotional discs. In his autobiography Manson says of the unedited tracks, "Now, they are available to anyone who wants to hear them on the Internet. Though someone at the label actually accused me of plotting it, I wish I was that resourceful. God, however irrelevant he may be to me, works in mysterious ways." [1]

Two songs from the album were completely replaced: "Abuse, Part 1 (Confession)" and "Abuse, Part 2 (There is Pain Involved)". "Abuse, Part 1" features Manson and Danzig/Pantera tour driver Tony F. Wiggins speaking to a masochistic girl, attempting to calm her down when things get really out of hand. "Abuse, Part 2", features an interview with a teenage girl who confesses to molesting her 7-year-old male cousin. [2]

"May Cause Discoloration Of The Urine Or Feces" is sometimes included on bootlegs of the uncensored EP under the title "Procardia", in a heavily modified version which is a fan made track, and not an actual track from either pressing. The version contains the original track in the left channel, and an extract from Raggedy Ann in the right. The Smells Like Children version was previously featured as part of the sound scape "Revelation #9", released on the single for "Get Your Gunn".

The album alludes to famous occult author Aleister Crowley, particularly in the track titled of "Diary of a Dope Fiend" after the Crowley novel Diary of a Drug Fiend.

The "Frankie" referred to in "Fuck Frankie" is Frankie Proia, Manson's tour manager at the time who embezzled $20,000 from the band during their tour for their previous release, Portrait of an American Family.

The "One Legged" referenced in "Dancing with the One Legged" was "a battered doll of Huggy Bear, the pimp from Starsky and Hutch, which was missing a leg". Manson explains, "Inside that empty plastic socket was where we hid our drugs throughout the Tony Wiggins tour. Whenever we ingested the contents of that extra orifice, we referred to it in code as 'dancing with the one-legged pimp'". [2]

The tracks "Sympathy for the Parents" and "Dancing with the One-Legged..." are distorted sound clips taken from an appearance [3] by Marilyn Manson, Twiggy Ramirez and Madonna Wayne Gacy on the The Phil Donahue Show. The episode discussed the dangers of moshing at concerts. While responding to a question about the appearance of the band from an audience member, Twiggy pulls out a tape recording and begins playing the track "Scabs, Guns and Peanut Butter".

The untitled 16th track contains a slower, more ominous remix of "Shitty Chicken Gang Bang" and, approximately 6 minutes in, an unusual audio experiment sometimes referred to as "Poop Games". The album has sold over 4 million copies worldwide.

Tracks: 


1.	"The Hands of Small Children"  
2.	"Diary of a Dope Friend"  
3.	"Shitty Chicken Gang Bang"  
4.	"Kiddie Grinder (Remix)"  
5.	"Sympathy for the Parents" (Taken from the Phil Donahue show interview)
6.	"Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" (Eurythmics cover)
7.	"Everlasting Cocksucker (Remix)"  
8.	"Fuck Frankie"  
9.	"I Put a Spell on You" (Screamin' Jay Hawkins cover)
10.	"May Cause Discoloration of the Urine or Feces" (features Manson's mother and grandmother)
11.	"Scabs, Guns and Peanut Butter"  
12.	"Dance of the Dope Hats" (Contains samples From Cake and Sodomy)
13.	"White Trash (Remixed by Tony F. Wiggins)"  
14.	"Dancing with the One-Legged..." (Taken from the Phil Donahue show interview)
15.	"Rock 'n' Roll Nigger" (Patti Smith cover)
16.	"Untitled"  









Lest We Forget 2002


Lest We Forget: The Best Of is a best of album by Marilyn Manson. A new song was recorded to promote the album, a cover of Depeche Mode's "Personal Jesus". The album was released at the end of September 2004. The inside booklet contains previous photo-shoots and several new pictures to hint at Manson's next era and musical/lyric direction.[citation needed] The album cover itself was taken from one of Marilyn Manson's watercolors, titled "Experience is The Mistress of Fools". The deluxe edition (now out of print) includes a DVD containing most of the band's music videos, excluding "(s)AINT" (although the Region 2 edition sold in the UK features this video, uncut, and the Japanese edition features a slightly edited version), "Tainted Love", and "Astonishing Panorama of the Endtimes". The album has sold 3 million copies worldwide.

Manson has been quoted as having called Lest We Forget the band's "farewell album"; however the band has since made two additional studio albums, Eat Me, Drink Me, released in June 2007, and The High End of Low, released in May 2009.

Tracks: 

1.	"The Love Song"  
2.	"Personal Jesus (Depeche Mode cover)"  
3.	"mOBSCENE"  
4.	"The Fight Song"  
5.	"Tainted Love (Gloria Jones/Soft Cell cover)"  
6.	"The Dope Show"  
7.	"This Is the New Shit"  
8.	"Disposable Teens"  
9.	"Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) (Eurythmics cover)"  
10.	"Lunchbox"  
11.	"Tourniquet (extended ending)"  
12.	"Rock Is Dead"  
13.	"Get Your Gunn"  
14.	"The Nobodies"  
15.	"Long Hard Road out of Hell"  
16.	"The Beautiful People"  
17.	"The Reflecting God"  








The Last Tour on Earth 1999


The Last Tour on Earth is a live album comprising recordings from Marilyn Manson's Mechanical Animals and Rock is Dead tours. On the studio version of "The Dope Show", Manson says that drugs "are made in California", but in the live version, he says that "drugs, they say, are made right here in Cleveland", to a roar of crowd approval, suggesting that the song was recorded in Cleveland, Ohio. "Lunchbox" was recorded in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and "I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)" was recorded in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. "The Last Day on Earth" was recorded in Las Vegas on the Mechanical Animals Tour, and "Get Your Gunn" was recorded some time during the Rock is Dead Tour.

Rock is Dead is introduced as if Omega and the Mechanical Animals, the alter-egos Manson and his band devised for the Mechanical Animals album and tour, were playing. Some of the tracks, most notably "I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)", are prefaced with spoken diatribes.

The album includes one new studio track, "Astonishing Panorama of the Endtimes", which also appears on the Celebrity Deathmatch soundtrack.The album has sold 2 million copies worldwide.

Tracks: 


1.	"Inauguration of the Mechanical Christ" – 2:45
2.	"The Reflecting God" – 5:32 (from Antichrist Superstar)
3.	"Great Big White World" – 5:21 (from Mechanical Animals)
4.	"Get Your Gunn" – 3:37 (from Portrait of an American Family)
5.	"Sweet Dreams / Hell Outro" – 5:36 (from Smells Like Children / Spawn: The Album)
6.	"Rock is Dead" – 3:20 (from Mechanical Animals)
7.	"The Dope Show" – 3:56 (from Mechanical Animals)
8.	"Lunchbox" – 8:35 (from Portrait of an American Family)
9.	"I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)" – 7:31 (from Mechanical Animals)
10.	"Antichrist Superstar" – 5:15 (from Antichrist Superstar)
11.	"The Beautiful People" – 4:30 (from Antichrist Superstar)
12.	"Irresponsible Hate Anthem" – 4:40 (from Antichrist Superstar)
13.	"The Last Day on Earth" – 4:26 (from Mechanical Animals)
14.	"Astonishing Panorama of the Endtimes" – 3:59








Remix & Repent 1997


Remix & Repent is a five-track EP from the industrial rock band Marilyn Manson.

It was released on November 25, 1997 during their Antichrist Superstar period. It features remixes of songs from Antichrist Superstar, live tracks recorded during the Dead to the World tour, and an acoustic version of "Man That You Fear".

Tracks:


1.	The Horrible People – 5:13
2.	The Tourniquet Prosthetic Dance Mix (Edit) – 4:10
3.	Dried Up, Tied and Dead to the World (Live in Utica, NY) – 4:25
4.	Antichrist Superstar (Live in Hartford, CT) – 5:16
5.	Man That You Fear (Acoustic Requiem for Antichrist Superstar) – 5:22







Coke & Sodomy 2002


Coke and Sodomy is a remix bootleg by Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids, released on April 23, 2002 by Eastworld Recordings. Each disc contains five reworked versions of original Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids songs, remixed by The Untraceable. Most of the remixes are not named after the track it was based on, for instance the first track "White Trash" is actually a remix of "Misery Machine", although in this case the exact same remix appears on the second disc, titled properly. 

When inserted into the computer the first disc shows a video-recording of a part of a Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids show.


Tracks: 


Disc 1

1.	"White Trash" – 12:55 (Actual track: Misery Machine) 
2.	"Herpes" – 9:39 (Actual track: unknown) 
3.	"Chocolate Factory" – 10:09 (Actual track: My Monkey) 
4.	"Cyclopse" – 9:25 (Actual track: Dope Hat) 
5.	"Dope Hat" – 9:11 (Actual track: Strange Same Dogma) 
 	"Luci in the Sky with Demons"/"Cake and Sodomy" (Multimedia track) - 9:38 

Disc 2

1.	"Thrift" – 8:58 (Actual track: Misery Machine) 
2.	"My Monkey" – 9:55 (Actual track: Choklit Factory) 
3.	"Coke and Sodomy" – 8:18 (Actual track: Dope Hat) 
4.	"Strange Same Dogma" – 9:34 (Actual track: Misery Machine) 
5.	"Misery Machine" – 12:55 






Enjoy :)
