Ashampoo Burning Studio 10.10.0.1 
Full version with reg Key (32-64bit)
--------------------------------------
MultiLanguage

[IMG]http://i777.photobucket.com/albums/yy56/trt-crew/ashampooBurn10.jpg[/IMG]

Full HD Video, New Modules, Data Disc Menus
 Ashampoo Burning Studio users are unusually loyal, with good reason – this program’s speed, 
 simplicity and efficiency are simply unbeatable. Over the years the Ashampoo programmers have 
 turned the program into a full suite that can handle all your data, audio and video burning 
 and authoring tasks, without sacrificing its famous ease of use. In version 10 they have once 
 again added a wealth of new features and modules, but the program is still amazingly intuitive 
 to use – everything is explained as you do it. 

 The main focus of this premium version is even better authoring capabilities for building video 
 and audio discs using the latest formats. HD and Full HD video (720p and 1080p) are now fully 
 supported for Blu-ray discs, and all the encoding is handled by Ashampoo Burning Studio 10. 
 All the authoring tools have been overhauled and the video encoding quality is even better than before. 
 You now use the same new integrated editor for building DVD and Blu-ray video disks with menus. 
 The program also starts more quickly and is generally snappier to use. 

In addition to this there is a new Autoplay Editor module with which you can build auto-starting 
data discs with attractive interactive menus – for example for collections of programs. And there 
is now also a new Audio Player with which you can play audio files and audio CDs without leaving the program. 
Audio and video authoring improvements and features
The audio and video authoring features have been completely overhauled, adding many new 
features and capabilities. You can now create HD and Full HD Blu-ray video discs with interactive 
menus as well as DVDs and video disc editing is integrated in a single redesigned editor. 
The list of features below only includes the major highlights. 
¦A single integrated editor for DVD and Blu-ray editing
¦Build and burn Blu-ray HD and Full HD video discs (16:9, PAL and NTSC)
¦Completely new and improved Add Movies dialog
¦Preview your movies directly in the editor
¦New and improved DVD and Blu-ray menu themes with new preview functions
¦Generate all your menus automatically or design them yourself
¦New mirror function for items in the menu editor, free placement for all objects on your menu pages
¦Menu Preview Player – test your video disc menus directly in the editor, everything is fully functional 
(buttons, multiple pages, play movies, skip, stop etc.)
¦Use a wide variety of attractive 3D buttons and geometric shapes
¦Use different themes for each menu page 
¦Use different background music for each menu page
¦Replace automatically-generated menu pages with your own designs
¦New menu background options: use movies, Ashampoo Burning Studio 10 slideshows, edited movies and themes 
as your menu backgrounds
¦Improved video encoding, encoded video is always stored automatically and only needs to be re-encoded 
if you make changes
¦Output directly to disc or to a folder
¦Compress big movies to fit on a single DVD
¦Create disc images for DVDs with different formats – compression is optimized for the selected format
¦Burn Blu-ray videos directly from a folder of files prepared by Ashampoo Burning Studio or another authoring program
New Autoplay Editor
The new Autoplay Editor enables you to build data discs with interactive, multi-page menus that start 
automatically when the disc is inserted – for example for collections of programs on a portable disc. 
You get a full-featured graphical editor for building your menus and the menus can include links to files 
and documents on the disc, mail links, links to web pages and more. You can also create auto-starting 
discs without menus. 
¦Single or multiple pages of menus saved on the disc
¦Stand-alone menus or open in web browser
¦Add background music to your menus (multiple formats supported)
¦Ready-to-use themes for menus, splash screens and buttons
¦Add “splash screens” with your own content
¦Design your own menus with a powerful graphical editor
¦Full preview functions while you are designing your menus
¦3D buttons with tooltips, icons, ready-to-use button layouts
¦Auto-generate buttons for files and folders
¦Animated transitions between pages
¦Options to start programs, open documents, open folders, create email messages etc., on start-up or 
with links and buttons
¦Scan function for using images from a scanner
¦Define icons to be displayed for your discs
¦Start the web browser and navigate to a specified page
¦Generate all your menus automatically or design them yourself


Install Notes:

1) Unpack rar archive
2) Run installer ashampoo_burning_studio_10_10.0.1_sm.exe
3) When finished, close the program
4) click or double click regx64.reg (64bit) or regx86.reg (32bit)
   * see directory regkey for the .reg keys
That's it, you've now a fully registered app.
Enjoy, TrT

   