Annie Little - Fly Me Away

Audio Codec..........:  MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 199 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 3,463,993  
http://www.annielittle.com/ 
http://bayimg.com/HAOeHaACN

Annie Little has starred in over 40 national commercials and hit TV shows including Mad Men, Scrubs, and Sabrina the Teenage Witch, as well as the comedic web series Lost Angeles. As a Ford model, Little has appeared in campaigns for Estee Lauder, Nicole Miller, Murad and Levi’s.   She is also the face of Shade clothing.


At Shade, Little was introduced to photographer Angela Kohler. As a result, Kohler and production partner Ithyle Griffiths, both fans of Kindle and recent Kindle owners, invited Annie to collaborate with them for an Amazon Kindle video contest, which they proceeded to shoot in a single seven hour day in July 2009. In addition to starring in the commercial Little, the past recipient of a full scholarship for Vocal Performance at the University of Utah, co-wrote and recorded the song, “Fly Me Away” with Marcus Ashley to accompany the finished Amazon entry, which ultimately won both the Audience and the Amazon Jury prize.


The winning entry is currently airing on national television in addition to a subsequent Kindle commercial that features Annie on-screen as well as Little and Ashley’s song “Stole My Heart”, available on their new EP along with “Fly Me Away” and two additional tracks—“Still Missing You” and “Telegrams to Mars”—exclusively on Amazon.  



Silver Moons and paper chains,
Faded maps and shiny things.
You're my favorite one-man show.
A million different ways to go.

Will you fly me away?
Take me away with you,
My love.

Painted scenes, I'm up all night.
Slaying monsters, flying kites.
Speak to me in foreign tongues.
Share your secrets one by one.

Will you fly me away?
Take me away with you,
My love.

Now I cant think what life was like
Before I had you by my side.
Cant say what I'd do without you,
Knowing what its like to have you.

Hidden walk ways back in time.
Endless stories, lovers cry.
In my mind I've been set free.
Will you take this Journey
You and Me?

Will you Fly me away?
Take me away with you,
My love.

Fly me away with you,
My Love.

Take me away with you,
My Love.
