UGK Presents: UGK For Life


A unique memorial to Pimp C, who died in December 2007, UGK 4 LIFE doesn't smother the duo's swan song in posthumous sentiment. (There's a foreboding proclamation from Pimp C during the intro that he and Bun B are "back from the dead.") But from there, his surviving partner and production team let the music--and familiar themes of sex and other forms of indulgent relaxation--take center stage. Apart from inviting a revaluation of the late rapper's underrated soulfulness, 4 LIFE serves as a testament to UGK's trademark smoothness, which, on their final collaboration, evokes what the Ohio Players might sound like if they were updated for the hip-hop generation.

Audio Mixer: Mike Dean (Z-ro's Producer) .Rolling Stone (p.86) - 3.5 stars out of 5 -- 'Da Game Been Good to Me' reminds us what rap lost with Pimp C's death: one of its most musical and melodic MCs, with a thick drawl and a knack for wildly elongating words..."
Spin (p.98) - "UGK 4 LIFE is a fitting capper to this Texas duo's storied career -- nothing groundbreaking, just funky, rough-hewn, celebratory tracks."
Blender (Magazine) - 4 stars out of 5 -- "The languid beats are hazy with heat-distortion organs...the spirit is carefree....Pimp excelled at scowling, bawdy boasts, and he creates his own eulogy here..."
Pitchfork (Website) - "Bun-B's performance is a masterwork of nuance here, sounding doubled even when it's obvious he's not..."

Mike Dean's Quote From p.86 Rolling Stone:

"Back from the dead!" crows Pimp C in the opening moments of the sixth studio album by these Texas crack–rap pioneers. It's an eerie moment — Pimp C was found dead in an L.A. hotel in December 2007 — but thankfully, Pimp's surviving partner, Bun B, doesn't wallow in the macabre. Instead, we get UGK basics: songs about drugs, sex and flossing, flavored with thudding, no–nonsense beats. Cuts like the sulfurous "Da Game Been Good to Me" remind us what rap lost with Pimp C's death: one of its most musical and melodic MCs, with a thick drawl and a knack for wildly elongating words — stuffing seven or eight extra syllables into phrases like, well, "back from the dead."


Tracks Featured:

 1. Intro
 2. Still On The Grind - (featuring Raheem DeVaughn)	
 3. Everybody Wanna Ball	
 4. Feelin' You
 5. Pimp & The Bun, The - (featuring Ronald Isley)	
 6. She Luv It
 7. 7th Street Interlude	
 8. Swishas & Erb - (featuring Sleepy Brown)
 9. Purse Come First - (featuring Big Gipp)		
10. Harry A**Hole - (featuring Lil' Boosie/Webbie)		
11. Used To Be - (featuring E-40/8Ball/MJG/B-Legit/8Ball & MJG)	
12. Steal Your Mind - (featuring Snoop Dogg/Too $hort)	
13. Texas Ave. Interlude		
14. Hard As Hell - (featuring Akon)	
15. Da Game Been Good To Me	
16. Outro

RIP Pimp C - Show some Love!!!