Remarkably, Tech N9ne's second release of 2009 is as driven, ambitious, and satisfying as his first, the collaboration filled Sickology 101. The big difference here is that K.O.D. is a concept album at its core, telling the story of Tech was the "King of Darkness" and dividing it into three acts: Anger, Madness, and The Hole. Coming before the official intro, the opening "Show Me a God" is one giant highlight of a prelude as Tech deals with his mother's failing health and offers a more humble examination of despair than the heavy-handed epic that follows. Guests Three 6 Mafia prove a perfect choice to set the tone with their eerie work on "Demons," while the fantastic foursome of Big Scoob, Kutt Calhoun, Skatterman, and Bumpy Knuckles are just as welcome on Tech's version of guys night out, "B. Boy." It gets shockingly dark from here, with victims being thrown "In the Trunk," while past acquaintances are addressed in "Killing You," but you don't come to a Tech N9ne album for sunshine and light. Fans who feed on the rapper's Eminem-meets-Freddy Krueger style are going to find that Tech is communicating his inner demons as vividly as ever, and that the dark carnival music still holds strong with returning favorites Ruben Armstrong, YoungFyre, and Robert Rebeck handling most of the production.

Tracklist: 
01 - Show Me A God 
02 - The Warning (Skit) 
03 - Demons Ft. Three 6 Mafia 
04 - Blackened The Sun 
05 - Strange Music Box Ft. Krizz Kaliko And Brotha Lynch Hung 
06 - Sundae (Skit) 
07 - Check Yo Temperature Ft. Sundae And T-Nutty 
08 - B. Boy Ft. Big Scoob, Kutt Calhoun, Skatterman And Bumpy Knuckles 
09 - Hunterish Ft. Irv Da Phenom And Krizz Kaliko 
10 - The Pick Up (Skit) 
11 - In The Trunk 
12 - Pinocchiho 
13 - Horns Ft. Prozak And King Gordy 
14 - Interview With Jason Whitlock (Skit) 
15 - It Was An Accident Ft. Alan Wayne 
16 - Shadows On The Road 
17 - Low 
18 - Messages (Skit) 
19 - Killing You 
20 - Leave Me Alone 
21 - Prayer By Brother K.T. (Skit) 
22 - K.O.D. (Introducing Mackenzie O'Guin) 
23 - The Martini Ft. Krizz Kaliko

And yet another first brought to you exclusively by BluENuke