Well…

I think this is the best Aubrey-Maturin Series Edition so far on the Web. It is by no means perfect, of course, and I probably have missed many things, but it certainly improves the versions out there (the ones I have managed to find through years, for I have tackled this corrections on my second tour with Jack and Stephen). Since this series is not available for purchase on the web, this is probably the best official/unofficial version. So far.


What you get here:

You get two versions of each book, one is a MS Word document (DOC). The other is a PDF. Both are adapted to my personal preferences in size and font size to be read on a 6" ebook reader like my Sony PRS-505. The DOC is the master, the PDF is the actual book for reading.
 For those of you who do not own one of these, or don't like the font type, size or whatever of the way I have made the PDFs, or the format itself, It takes but a couple of minutes to convert the .doc to A4 size, or to replace the fonts, to convert to EPUB or whatever. Actually, that is the reason to enclose the DOC too. If you don't like the PDFs, you can throw them away. The DOCs you should keep.
I also added a handful of goodies like images of the ships, covers, sail plans and other stuff you might like. Also some documents like the Butcher's Bill and a great book in French.
You also get the Guide for the Perplexed, a very handy dictionary created by  Anthony Gary Brown, another A&M fan, that includes many foreign expressions, words, etc. that I have often fallen back on to apply italics I had not detected.

What I have done:

I have read all the books and (thoroughly, I hope) corrected all the errors detected while reading, using different versions of the books when in doubt. I have added italics where missed and detected (all ships names, Latin and other foreign words, songs, letters, rhymes, book titles, newspaper names, etc.). I have added missing accents (ö…) and corrected wrong ones (French è and é…).
I have corrected spacing and applied same types and  symbols in all 20 books.
I have completed a part in "The Wine Dark Sea" that was missing in some versions.
I have edited and fully formatted the paragraphs, chapters, etc.
Added a cover, some images explaining sails, points of navigation, parts of a ship and a little section view of the ships Jack commands in each book.
I added extra returns where the story changes from one situation to another because sometimes it could be confusing.

I have loved to sail with Jack, Stephen, Bonden, Killick and many others so much that I already miss them. If you enjoy these books just half as much as I have (and will again), you will never forget them.

My dear friends, please to read, enjoy and spread these books, for all love.

Peto

