APComics was a short-lived comic book publisher that produced titles from 2003-2005.


Assassin School 
This series follows the many missions of the accident prone but elite assassin, Emma, and her life through a military school where they train assassins for special missions. 
Written by Phil Littler and drawn by Edu Francisco in the first series and Enrique Corts in the second.


B1N4RY 
Joseph Burrows, a security officer at a shopping mall stumbles across a murder... a digital murder!  
Written by Richard Emms and illustrated by Jim Sutherns.


Darkham Vale
A young boy discovers he is a pivotal player in an age old battle between various clans of supernatural creatures. 
Created and produced by Jack Lawrence (Lions, Tigers and Bears).  Lawrence left APComics when he discovered that the creator-owned contract he signed didn't mean he owned Darkham Vale.


Monster Club
Monster Club follows the story of a high school student who is recruited into a secret organisation to fight monsters across the globe.
Created by Kit Wallis (Breathe). 


The Chase
Tom Lecab searches for his missing wife while trying to outrun a gang that believes he has a rare jade Buddha in his possession.
Created by the Spanish creative team of Inaki Miranda and Eva de la Cruz (2000AD). 


The Gloom
Millionaire playboy Carson Kane takes on the streets at night as The Gloom, helping the wronged, fighting evil and ridding 1940’s Manhattan from the scum of society.
Created by Tony Lee (Doctor Who: The Forgotten, Starship Troopers) and Daniel Boultwood.


Mr. T
Mr. T comes out of retirement to fight drug dealers.  This series got a lot of press interest announcing itself to be one of the biggest licensing deals in British comic's history, but ultimately it had a very short life due to the closure of APComics. Apparently the second issue, released several months after the first, was released out of license by APComics and many copies were ordered to be immediately withdrawn.
Written by Chris Bunting (Action Man) with pencils by Neil Edwards.




Released on http://ComicPirates.info