FxStudio.Designer.2.0.7.18-MKDEV.TEAM


Read the nfo seed/enjoy





FxStudio Designer

FxStudio Designer provides the design surface for creating outstanding visual effects. The familiar, friendly and powerful user interface incorporates tried and tested features to aid the artist.

FxStudio Designer brings an enjoyable workflow and experience to visual effects development. By keeping similar elements grouped together an artist can quickly achieve desired results.

When coupled with real-time preview the artist has zero iteration time to see his or her changes.    

SPEED : Real-time Preview

Effect changes are tracked immediately, from adding a new component to tweaking a value in a property you will see those changes instantly with the help of the preview system. This is a critical element in developing the best visual effects possible
.

FLOW : Track Based Sequencer

Timelines and tracks are a familiar environment to anyone who has used sequencing software. If you are new, it is immediately intuitive as you have control over what happens when. No debugging of complex node networks necessary.

Drag and drop components onto a track and then drag to setup the play time of the component. Organize components with track groups and rearrange tracks as you desire.    

ORGANIZE : Effect Browser

An integrated effect browser helps to organize your assets and quickly find what you are looking for. Coupled with an easy to use search filter this makes an ideal setup for managing thousands of visual effects.


TWEAK : In-Place Property Editing

Property editing is made easy with the property editor panel which is tightly coupled to the effect being edited. Make changes quickly and easily. The user interface fosters tweaking and iterating - both critical elements to achieving high quality visual effects.

Specialize properties for specific platforms and setup level of detail on your effects. Choose new values based on level of detail to ensure your effects look fantastic at any distance and keep that frame rate high.    
Key Features


COVERAGE : Cross platform support for PC, Microsoft Xbox360, PlayStation 3 and Nintendo Wii

At the heart of the design of FxStudio lies cross platform support. Designed from the ground up to support any number of platforms with ease the FxStudio system provides the key feature set that a modern game team is looking for. An important part of the workflow is to differentiate between platforms and FxStudio embraces this by providing both platform specialization and runtime management.




INSPIRATION : Powerful Designer for creating effects

At the heart of creating special effects with the FxStudio system lies FxStudio Designer, the artist friendly environment for creating special effects. Designed to embrace familiar and useful editing features such as timeline track based editing, drag and drop components and in-place property editing with real-time feedback, FxStudio Designer users will feel right at home.



FEEDBACK : Real-time preview system

FxStudio is all about efficiency. You want to see your changes happen as you make them. The FxStudio real-time preview system provides the feedback you are looking for. As you make changes to an effect, those changes are silently communicated to your runtime and updated behind the scenes. This means ZERO iteration time and that translates into quicker, better and more enjoyable!



SPEED : Optimized runtime effects engine

The FxStudio runtime provides high performance playback of special effects. Designed to fit into your environment with ease, the FxStudio runtime comes with an easy to use SDK which speeds integration. Optimizations include fast loading through packed banks, optimized playback core and virtually no memory allocations with hooks provided for memory management.



FLEXIBILITY : Data-driven, component based modeling of special effects

The FxStudio system uses a tried and tested system for putting together special effects - components. Components can be defined easily through the component editor within FxStudio Designer. Any number of properties can be added to components to represent all manner of interesting things from colors, to decay rates, to screen effects and so on and so forth.



COMPLETION : Integrated Level of Detail system and support for platform targeting

The FxStudio LOD system solves the inherent problems with effect content in a tightly integrated fashion. Categories of special effects can be defined that contain any number of level of details. Artists can assign different values for different levels of detail through the powerful FxStudio Designer property editor.