An innocent youth finds love and, eventually, heartbreak in this film, which ranks among Ingmar Bergman's simplest and most unaffected. Harry (Lars Ekborg), the unworldly, unhappy hero, suffers at his job and in his personal life. Then he falls in love with the superficial Monika (Harriet Andersson), who shows little capacity for sensitivity but radiates carnality. Defying the repressive, degrading ways of adult society, the couple flees from the city, their responsibilities, and their problems by stealing a boat and retreating to an island, where they live free of inhibitions or social restrictions. But when the glorious summer comes to an end, the young couple is compelled to return to the city, where their relationship soon disintegrates. Monika gives birth to their child but shows little parental inclination, preferring to sleep late and lounge about. Harry, meanwhile, tries to provide support. Bored, Monika eventually finds another lover, whereupon Harry moves his child from their filthy apartment and determines to make a better life. With its agreeable lead actress and its unadorned style, Sommaren med Monika constitutes one of Bergman's most immediate and accessible films. Harriet Andersson, who became a Bergman regular, shows an unabashed sexuality that would serve her well in subsequent films, and she reveals a canny ability to maintain audience interest, if not sympathy, for a character that is ultimately unappealing, even repellant. Bergman allows Andersson's performance to dominate the film. He generally abstains from emphatic lighting or provocative angles, preferring to accommodate his actress with rich close-ups and sunlit portraits. Andersson's compelling performance, together with the film's idyllic island setting and Bergman's unfailing direction, renders Sommaren med Monika an impressive, noteworthy work. 


   General
      Complete name : Ingmar Bergman - Sommaren med Monika (1953).avi
      Format : AVI
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
      File size : 1 024 MiB
      Duration : 1h 31mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 557 Kbps
      Writing library : VirtualDub build 0/release
   Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
      Codec ID : XVID
      Codec ID/Hint : XviD
      Duration : 1h 31mn
      Bit rate : 1 481 Kbps
      Width : 544 pixels
      Height : 416 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4:3
      Frame rate : 25.000 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.262
      Stream size : 973 MiB (95%)
   Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format : MPEG Audio
      Format version : Version 1
      Format profile : Layer 3
      Codec ID : 55
      Codec ID/Hint : MP3
      Duration : 1h 31mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 64.0 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Sampling rate : 44.1 KHz
      Resolution : 16 bits
      Stream size : 42.1 MiB (4%)
      Alignment : Aligned on interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 26 ms (0.65 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 496 ms

IMDB: tt0046345

Swedish audio; English, French, Italian, spanish and Portuguese subtitles