Admin_Explorer_final.exe let you run a alternative Explorer shell 
as admin from a limited account.
(based on XYplorer v9.10)
The first time you run the executable you will be prompted for a username
and password.(The admin credentials)
Those details will then be encrypted and saved in a file called Adminpass.dat.

The Adminpass.dat file gets created in programfilesXyplorerData directory.
(C:Program FilesXyplorerDataAdminpass.dat)

The next time you run Admin-Explorer.exe, it reads the encrypted admin
credentials from the Adminpass.dat, and executes explorer automatically.

If you want to change or delete the credentials, simply 
delete the Adminpass.dat file.
You will then be prompted again for username and password.

By using this app, you will get a much cleaner interface, with direct access
to many of the administrator tools one click away, without the hassle of UAC promts.
Still benefitting of the security of limited account user.
Remember though, running a second instance as Administrator on Win7, still gives you a few prompts
on some of the tools.
This is because the elevation scheme built into win7. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_Account_Control
I recommend using the superuser account "Administrator" for minimal UAC prompts.
(This app does not write to registry, all settings is in a ini file)
On XP this app is a breeze, Total admin control, but still peasant, farmer, underdog user  

(On a footnote i can tell you while developing this app, i truly appreciate
the non-bloated interface of XYplorer.
The obnoxious explorer interface on Windows 7 turns my gut around.)

Updated to Xyplorer v9.10 and the following improvements:

Profile installer (on non UAC OS'es only)
By choosing the profile installer feature, you will be logged in 
to the current userprofile with admin priviledges, without being an admin!
This is very usefull.
You can install programs, run regcleaners etc, and the settings will be 
stored/deleted from the current user profile.
This is achieved by adding the non admin user to the administrator
group temporarily, and start a new login session.
Directly after the session is started, the user gets removed from the
administrator group.
Since the session got created before the user were demoted, admin credentials
still apply.effectively making you an admin, without belonging to the 
admin group.
No need to logout and login again as you usually have to do, when changing
user groups for the new credentials to be effective.
This works immediately!
Just choose what application/installer you wanna run, or open a new instance
of Xyplorer.

Choice to save admin credentials or not on startup

Improved detection of OS