Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Friday I'll Be Over U" is the first single from the debut album, Just Like You, of American Idol season eight finalist Allison Iraheta. It was written by Max Martin, Shellback, Savan Kotecha and Tiffany Amber. The single debuted on AOL's Popeater on October 5, 2009 and was made officially available through digital distribution on November 3, 2009 after being released and pulled from online distributors in early October. 

The music video premiered on Yahoo! Music on November 18, 2009. The music video has been very well received. Lyndsey Parker of Yahoo! Music wrote,
 	"...'Friday I'll Be Over U' is so totally tubular, it seems like something Martha Quinn might have back-announced back in MTV's brick-walled basement infancy. It's pretty much the awesomest '80s-homage video since Stone Temple Pilots' 'Big Bang Baby,' ... Complete with Cheap Trick checkerboards, Synchronicity primary-color paint slashes, and even some sketch animation that makes Allison resemble either the love interest in A-ha's iconic 'Take On Me' video or a 2D Patrick Nagel vixen come to life, 'FIBOU' is a fun-filled retro romp back to the more innocent '80s days Allison missed out on ... And in the clip, Allison is at her Benatar-channeling best..." 

Andrea Reiher of Zap2it, praised the video as well, writing,
 	"What a great video. It's like a cross between A-Ha's "Take On Me" and something out of the Dire Straits oeuvre. We love the irony that the born-in-1992 Idol has a video straight out of 1983. Fantastic. In all the hoopla surrounding Kris Allen and Adam Lambert's first albums, we'd forgotten how catchy Allison's debut single is. We think with the right songs she could become the next Idol female pop star. They really haven't had one since Kelly Clarkson. (Carrie Underwood's too country to be considered pop.) Here's hoping, Allison!" 	”

The music video was made available for purchase via iTunes on November 24, 2009.

Just Like You is the debut album from American Idol's eighth season contestant Allison Iraheta. It was released on December 1, 2009. The lead single, "Friday I'll Be Over U", produced by Max Martin, debuted on AOL's Popeater on October 5, 2009, and was made available through digital distribution on November 3, 2009.

Allison Iraheta (born April 27, 1992) is an American singer from Los Angeles, California, who came in fourth place on the eighth season of American Idol. Prior to Idol, Iraheta won the Telemundo competition Quinceañera: Mamá Quiero Ser Artista. Following the conclusion of Idol, Iraheta was signed to a record deal with 19 Entertainment and Jive Records. Her debut album Just Like You was released on December 1, 2009.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/