THE ALEX JONES SHOW
2009.08.14 Friday

Alex welcomes to the show conservative political activist, author, former diplomat, and presidential candidate Alan Keyes. In May, Keyes was arrested with other pro-life activists prior to Obama's commencement speech at Notre Dame. Keyes also contests Obama's eligibility to be president on the birth issue. Alex talks with Stewart Rhodes, founder of Oath Keepers, a non-partisan association of currently serving military, reserves, National Guard, peace officers, and veterans who swore an oath to support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. The SPLC recently attempted to connect Rhodes and Oath Keepers to the militia movement. Regular guest Bob Chapman of the International Forecaster also makes an appearance. Alex covers the news and takes your calls. 

HOUR 1: Foreign and US troops training to pull triggers on American people - 
upwards of million regular police force and half million regular military, get
ready for troops to take your farms - homes - businesses - possessions, now DHS
is (by stated threat assesssments) meant for American population, Whitehouse
hiring people upwards $500 to protest protesters and anti deathcare, brain washed
police minions, etc.

HOUR 2: News, obama joker posters, pentagon to post over 400,000 troops in USA, 
tyranny is completely out in the open now, AJ addresses other talk show hosts
and web masters, appeals for sense of freedom and love of life, going into 
revolution, staged attacks or Reichstag fire in the works, mainstream media is
calling for AJ's arrest under racism and hate crime, STEWART RHODES Oath Keepers,
open lines with Rhodes

HOUR 3: Establishment wants bloody revolt?, more Stewart Rhodes, BOB CHAPMAN,
more bailout by year end, federal reserve created another $500 billion out of 
nothing for currencies, the federal reserve having foreign central banks buying
U.S. treasuries - monetizing the dollar and debt with everyone sinking simultaneously
and assets going to the elite, Open Lines with Chapman, mass graves,  

HOUR 4: Dr. ALAN KEYES, cover everything from politics to eugenics, pandemic flu for
martial law pretext, DOJ and DHS declaring right wing as terrorists etc., Michael Savage
mentioned, Riechstag Fire was Nazi turning point - an inside job staged event, etc.


>> 88.7 FM Olympia, WA (west side)
>> sig_garrett << 
http://www.truthnews.info
