                                      Sach004

                               
                                 PROUDLY PRESENTS


         kurbaan 2009(no repeated



CAST:

Kareena Kapoor   
Saif Ali Khan   
Om Puri   
Diya Mirza  (as Dia Mirza) 
Vivek Oberoi ...  Ayaaz 
Evans Forlidas ...  Husband of Bombing Victim 
Cheryl Alessio   
Faezeh Jalali ...  Anjum 
Damien Colletti ...  Train Passenger 
Kiron Kher   
Rupinder Nagra ...  Hamid 
Joe DeMarzio ...  Student 
Anita Storr ...  Nypd officer 
Milton A. Marsh III ...  Boat Passenger 
Mohammed J. Ali ...  Man falling down steps 
Lewis Tan ...  Swat Team Member 
Carl Burrows ...  FBI Agent Bill 


Story:


"Avantika is a teacher in a university in Delhi. She has come back from New York where she teaches, because her father has suffered a heart attack. During this period, she meets a temporary Professor called Ehsaan Khan. Soon they begin seeing each other and love blossoms. A few months later, Avantika receives a call from her university in New York, asking her to come back for the Fall Semester. Avanitka breaks the news to Ehsaan. He in turn, tells he doesn't mind coming to the states with her, to find a job. But first they need to get married.

"Soon after the marriage, they leave to start a new life in New York. They buy a house in an Indian neighborhood and move in. Just as they are setting up home, their conservative Muslim neighbors, Hamid and Anjum, invite them over for dinner. The next morning, Salma, one of the women Avantika met the night before at the dinner, visits her under the pretext of gifting her sweets. When Avantika invites her in, Salma tells her that she is in grave danger. Nothing is what it seems. Salma pleads with Avantika to help her. What follows next, is a series of incidents that suck Avantika into a vortex of danger and intrigue. As her life spirals out of control, Avantika realizes that she is a pawn in a huge game. And no one is to be trusted."



Screens:
 
http://www.imageuploadsite.com/images/vlcsnaewe.png 
http://www.imageuploadsite.com/images/vlcsnadud.png 
http://www.imageuploadsite.com/images/vlcsnaqqq.png 
http://www.imageuploadsite.com/images/vlcsnaete.png 
http://www.imageuploadsite.com/images/vlcsnajpj.png


Write Your Comments :D

Mail me- Sachin.Jade28@Gmail.com.

Enjoy... :)


