File Info:

Valid : Yes [AVI]
Duration : 00:05:15

[Video]
Resolution : 480x360
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec
FPS : 29.97
BitRate : 3871 Kbps
Quality Factor : 0.77 b/px

[Audio]
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
Number of channels : 2
Sample Rate : 44100 Hz
BitRate : 128 Kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


The Blackeyed Susan were a group hard rock founded in 1990 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .

The leader and founder of Britny Fox, Dean Davidson left the band in 1990, and founded shortly after the Blackeyed Susan. The band was formed by Davidson on vocals, Rick Criniti (keyboards of Cinderella ) on guitar and sitar, Tony Santoro on guitar, Eric Levy on bass (he was the designer of the logo of Britny Fox), Branco and Chris on drums.

 The band signed to Polygram Records, and released the album Electric Rattlebone in 1991, produced by Randy Cantor . The album was different from the previous of Britny Fox, Davidson put aside atmosefere revelers, to devote himself to a genre more cultured, sophisticated, varied, sometimes psychedelic, that touched the rock blues settantaniano, and was composed of a wide variety of instruments such as keyboards, sitar, horns and female backing vocals.  He could remember some of the work of Cinderella. Was extracted from the hard track "None Of It Matters," which was filmed a video clip. In addition to the song "Ride With Me" was included on the soundtrack of the movie Harley Davidson & Marlboro Man (1991).

Polygram dismissed the band while on tour in support BULLETBOYS and The Scream at the end of 1991. The following year, having completely changed lineup, they recorded the demo "Just a Taste" ( 1992 ), but they will not find labels available to its publication, and the album was never realized. This will bring the group to dissolve. Davidson over the years, will undertake other projects.

Electric Rattlebone is the first album of Blackeyed Susan , released in 1991 for the ' label Polygram Records .


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/