The Art Of Psy-Trance Production - education program for the creation of psychedelic trance music from Cubase Guru. (Best Video on the subject from Western specialists)

Year: 2009
Developer: Cubase Guru
Platform: Any
Compatibility with Vista: complete
System requirements: Minimum
Language: English only
Medicine: Not required

Creating brilliant Psy-Trance – or any music for that matter – takes more than a good ear and a dabble on Cubase. Even the most technically-minded of us need to invest in the real insight, experience and expert know-how needed to create those mesmerising, effortless, can’t-stop-dancing sounds of unforgettable nights (and mornings) out all over the world. That’s why we created the Psy-Trance Music Production Course – a comprehensive video tutorial that’ll take you and your Cubase skills from blank canvas to an explosion of colour, texture and depth. Take a look for yourself. Go on. You know you want to.
Course Overview
The Psy-Trance Music Production Course is perfect for beginners or intermediates (and no previous experience on Cubase is necessary - any DAW will do), giving a comprehensive step-by-step tutorial in every layer of the production process – from the subtleties of synths and sound effects to final arrangement and mastering.
The course – which has been developed and fine-tuned by Cubase Guru over a period of six months – is split into nine distinct sections, so you can learn at your own pace in manageable chunks.
Because when we say comprehensive, we mean comprehensive. The course is over ten hours long in total, plus there’s a free bonus package of 13 extra video tutorials included to help you refine your tracks even further. You’ll get a project PDF included with each tutorial explaining what samples, effects, processors and VST instruments are used in each section, plus any links to demos and recommended or alternative music production software you’ll need to complete each stage.
We also make sure you’re fully kitted out with the patches and presets you need for each effect and VST instrument, as well as Access Virus T1 hardware (if you’ve got it).
And if your connection speed isn’t great – no problem. Cubase Guru supplies all videos in both high resolution and a maximum-quality lower-res format, so you can get going in a matter of minutes.

Course Section:
1. Drums
2. Bass
3. Intro
4. SFX/Stabs
5. Vocals
6. Synths
7. Arrangement
* Arrangement 1
* Arrangement 2
* Arrangement 3
* Arrangement – Automation
8. Final Mix
9. Mastering

All of the above videos are supplied with both Low and High Resolution versions which can both be downloaded.
Where it is applicable there is also a P.D.F file with all the necessary information required to complete the video tutorial successfully.
The Low resolution videos are in rmvb format (RealAudio) and I have supplied Windows Media Classic in the first video .zip file (Drums) to allow you to watch them. Mac users will have to use RealAudio player I believe.

Extra/Bonus videos:
1. Acid Squelch (Virus TI)
2. Albino Squelch
3. Fast FX
4. High Bleep (Virus TI)
5. Leads Q and A
6. Wooshing Sound (Virus TI)
7. Clean Up Vocals
8. Kick Drum Creation
9. Kick Rolls
10. Snare Rolls
11. Reverse Kick
12. Reverse Reverb
The above videos are all in rmvb format, please follow instructions above.

Credits goes to chikalpark

~~~ SHOW YOUR GRATITUDE BY SEEDING ~~~