Foreigner - Foreigner (EAC.FLAC)

all music files are in flac format
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s
# of Discs 1 

Category  Rock/Pop, Rock, Hard Rock 
Label  Rhino 
Orig Year  1977 
All Time Sales Rank    4339   
CD Universe Part number  3029844 
Catalog number  74270 
Discs  1 
Release Date  Apr 02, 2002 
Studio/Live  Studio 
Mono/Stereo  Stereo 
Personnel  Ian Mcdonald - vocals, guitar, horns, keyboards
Mick Jones - vocals, guitar
Lou Gramm - vocals
Dennis Elliott - drums
Al Greenwood - keyboards, synthesizer
Ed Gagliardi

Also: Ian Lloyd 

Along with bands like Styx, Journey, and Boston, Foreigner was one of the first hard rock acts to add overt Top-40 pop sensibilities to the mix. The result was mass crossover success, something that both the pop and rock audiences could easily ...    Full Descriptionlatch onto. Foreigner's self-titled debut from 1977 is the epitome of classic rock: big guitar hooks, melodicism, simple driving rhythms, and sexually charged lyrics. Two of Foreigner's best-known tracks, "Double Vision" and "Cold as Ice," are included here, as are such strong album cuts as "Long Way From Home." FOREIGNER was a multi-platinum success--with just one try, the band found itself at the top of the hard rock heap.

Along with bands like Styx, Journey, and Boston, Foreigner was one of the most popular 1970s arena rock acts to add overt Top 40 pop sensibilities to the mix. The result was massive crossover success, something that both the pop and rock audiences could easily latch onto. Foreigner's self-titled debut from 1977 is the epitome of classic rock: big guitar hooks, melodicism, simple, driving rhythms, and sexually charged lyrics. Two of Foreigner's best-known tracks, "Double Vision" and "Cold as Ice," are included here, as are such strong album cuts as "Long Way From Home." FOREIGNER was a multi-platinum success--with just one try, the band found itself at the top of the AOR heap.

Although punk rock's furious revolution threatened to overthrow rock's old guard in 1977, bands like Foreigner came along and proved that there was plenty of room in the marketplace for both the violent, upstart minimalism of punk and the airbrushed slickness of what would be called "arena rock." Along with Boston, Journey, Heart, and others, Foreigner celebrated professionalism over raw emotion. And, looking back, it's easy to see why they sold millions; not everyone in the world was pissed off, dissatisfied with the economy, or even necessarily looking for a change. In fact, for most suburban American teens, Foreigner's immaculate rock sound was the perfect soundtrack for cruising through well-manicured neighborhoods in their Chevy Novas. The album spawned some of the biggest FM hits of 1977, including the anthemic "Feels Like the First Time" and "Cold As Ice," both of which were anchored -- like most of Foreigner's songs -- by the muscular but traditional riffing of guitarist Mick Jones, the soaring vocals of Lou Gramm, and the state-of-the-art rock production values of the day, which allowed the band to sound hard, but polished. As pure rock craftsmanship goes, Foreigner was as good as it got in the late '70s. [The expanded edition adds four demos: "Feels Like the First Time," "Woman Oh Woman," "At War With the World," and "Take Me to Your Leader."] ~ Andy Hinds

Expanded & remastered edition of their 1977 debut with 4 added bonus demo versions of 'Feels Like The First Time', 'Woman Oh Woman', 'At War With The World' & 'Take Me To Your Leader'.

 1. Feels Like the First Time    
 2. Cold As Ice    
 3. Starrider 
 4. Headknocker   
 5. Damage Is Done, The  
 6. Long, Long Way From Home    
 7. Woman Oh Woman  
 8. At War With the World    
 9. Fool for You Anyway  
 10. I Need You 

 
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce 
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce