 http://bayimg.com/kaOeeaaci

The Ghost in the Swamp (2006) 
Duh u mocvari (original title)
   
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0776770/

This Croatian feature by Branko Istvancic shows the efforts by a community to help animals survive the winter but they are confused when a child raves that he was attacked by a ghost in the swamp and begin searching for this mysterious attacker. 

 Marko Pavlov ...  Miron 
 Robert Váss ...  Liptus 
 Ena Ikica ...  Melita 
 Ivo Gregurevic ...  Vucevic 
 Dejan Acimovic ...  Levay 
 Mladen Vulic ...  Kovacevic 
 Vlatko Dulic ...  Farkas 
 Buga Simic ...  Aranka 
 Nandor Szilagyi ...  Liptusov otac 
 Luka Buljan ...  Halazs 
 Radoslav Spitzmuller ...  Milan Loncar 
 Nada Gacesic ...  Liptusova majka 
 Rada Mrksic ...  Baba Etelka 
 Nela Kocis ...  Halaszova majka 
 Slaven Knezovic ...  Inspektor 


A brother and sister, Miron and Melita, go to visit their friend Zoltan in the north-eastern Croatian town of Kopacevo for the winter holidays. One night, they are awoken by the shouting of the villagers when a half-frozen boy is found near the village swamp, delirious after being attacked by a ghost. The doctors cannot help him, so the children decide to take matters into their own hands and the adventure begins in which they find the secret of the ghost, save their friend and become the heroes of the village. An adventure-packed children’s movie with beautiful imagery, it is the first Croatian children’s film produced after 20 years, winning the hearts of the country’s youngest viewers.

The screenplay was written according to the book by the same title by the popular children's writer Ante Gardas, whose heroes Miron, Melita and others many have grown up with. "The Ghost in the Swamp" is part of the required reading for fourth graders in Croatia. In addition to being an exciting children's story, The Ghost in the Swamp educates and serves as a good example for children. Hence, it has been chosen to mark the comeback of feature-length films for children, which have not been made by the Croatian film industry for the last twenty years.

