Producer, director, performer Tony Prince was among the first adult film makers to shoot directly onto video and use natural sounds with no dubbing.  Besides these four short films here, Prince also produced and directed the cowboy s/m classic 'RAWHIDE' and made an appearance in William Higgins 'These Bases are Loaded'


Wrestling Meat has Chris Burns and Steve "12" York wrestling a very long time on mats. This no-holds-barred match is hearty and sweaty. Both uniformed and nude wrestling is followed by Steve long-dicking Chris's face. They 69, suck balls and more until Steve plunges Chris's asshole both doggie and missionary styles. Produced by Tony Prince. 1981


In The Boy Next Door, new neighbor Tony Prince knocks on youthful Melchor's door. Tony invites Melchor to the gym but takes to kissing him instead, rubbing his crotch through the towel around his waist. Melchor sucks Tony's big cock as we watch in vivid close-ups. Then, Melchor gets his face fucked before they mutually jerk off. Huge close-ups of Melchor's foreskinned dick are shown as Tony beats. Finally, Tony hump Melchor's smooth and sexy butt until he cums a big load. Cum shots are excellently presented here!  Produced by Tony Prince. 1981


Wrestling Meat Part Two reunites Chris Burns and Steve York, this time in a four-way with Mike Kelly (a.k.a. Noel Kemp, Eric Stryker) and Tony LaVarga.

Beefcakes Tony and Noel are shown working out a long time as Chris and Steve wrestle in the other room. Noel and Tony start out in their sweats and then strip to underwear and work up a sweat. Live sound in used as Chris and Steve slam-dunk bodies, and more, on the mats.

Tony and Noel join the duo for four-way wrestling. All of them strip naked and wrestle in the nude. A four-way with two couples ensues as they take to sucking one another's cock 69 style. Larger-than-life close-ups capture a daisy chain with all four men. Produced by Tony Prince 1983

Tan Lines has Tony Prince himself and muscleman Brad Medford. Produced by Tony Prince 1983