 http://bayimg.com/eAPeNAaCe

Soft for Digging (2001) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0303397/

  Edmond Mercier  ...  Virgil Manoven  
  Sarah Ingerson  ...  Claire  
  Andrew Hewitt  ...  Shovelman  
  Kate Petty  ...  Paperboy  
  Wayne Nickel  ...  Shakespeare (as Wayne Knickel)  
  Joshua Billings  ...  Dick  
  David Husko  ...  Priest  
  Mia Todd  ...  Orange Vested Citizen  
  Max  ...  Harpo  

You may have heard of J.T. Petty. He's the guy responsible for writing several of the highly-successful Splinter Cell games, as well as the video game version of Christopher Nolan's excellent Batman Begins. I'm not entirely sure how much he was involved with these projects, but he's credited on IMDB as a "writer," so take that for what you will. He also directed the straight-to-video epic Mimic 3: Sentinel, which I watched and promptly erased from my memory. I'd read an article about the guy in an issue of Fangoria a while back, which featured quite a bit of information about Soft For Digging, Petty's first feature.

Soft For Digging tells the story of Virgil Manoven, and old guy who lives in a cabin somewhere in the middle of nowhere with his pet cat Harpo. He seems content with his existence, spending his empty days checking the mail, reading the paper, and drinking eggnog in front of his wood-burning stove. One cold gray morning, his "very bad cat" gets out and makes a run for the surrounding forest, as cats often do. Virgil doesn't get around that fast anymore, you see, so the cat's gone before he has time to react. Wearing nothing but his long johns and a red robe, our hero sets out through into the woods to locate his furry companion. He soon stumbles across a strange man, a little girl, and a dead dog in a small clearing near the edge of woods. Thinking they're just out to bury the family pet, Virgil pays them no mind and continues his search. Not long after that, however, he sees the man and the little girl yet again, this time deeper in the woods. More importantly, the man has just finished murdering the little girl. Completely freaked out, Virgil races home, phones the cops, and leads them on a hunt for the corpse. But there's no corpse and no trace of the mysterious killer. Being up in age and more than little eccentric, the police think Virgil's just some lonely old nut, paying very little attention to the stories they think are the product of his faultering mind. But Virgil knows the truth, and sets out to find the killer he knows is very real, and VERY dangerous.

A blackly comic, bracingly experimental no-budget horror film, Soft For Digging was filmed at roughly the same time as The Blair Witch Project in another corner of the same Maryland forests. But while Blair Witch relied on endless chatter to propel its plot, Soft For Digging is virtually wordless, with only three brief bursts of dialogue. Writer-director Petty instead harks back to silent movies and literary forebears by dividing his narrative into discrete sections: ‘Chapter I: In which we are introduced to Virgil Manoven; His very bad cat runs off.’ 

Petty works wonders on a reported budget of $6,000: eschewing the horror genre’s usual excesses, he patiently and precisely constructs a deadpan fable that juxtaposes the humdrum and the nightmarish. This is a refreshingly bare-bones kind of storytelling, deploying pictures and sounds (a squeaky toy, a boiling kettle, Manoven’s flatulence) to parcel out just enough character and plot information at each stage. Barely 21 when he made the film, Petty shows an especially precocious understanding of the rhythms of old age – on one level, the film can be interpreted as a visualisation of Manoven’s decline into senility. But there are many possible readings of this elliptical, tantalisingly ambiguous miniature: an impressive calling-card from an audacious, innovative film-maker.
