RELEASE DATE : 08-09-2010
PROTECTION : Nothing
GAME TYPE : Card & Casino
DISKS : 1 DVD

If you have a knack for blackjack, a passion for poker or a
mind for old maid, thereΓΓé¼Γäós a new way to shuffle through your
favorite card challenges all in one place. Put on your poker
face for video poker, suit up for solitaire and get ready for
a card game that is fit to challenge a card connoisseur of any
level ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ Hoyle Card Games 2011.

Take it to the card table and play a huge selection of card
games right on your computer screen ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ whether you play solo,
challenge family and friends or compete against a cast of
Hoyle card-crazy characters, get ready to get dealt a hand
full of fun. The casino-style grandeur comes to life with
all-new slots games ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ if you have the poker face and
risk-taking readiness. Express yourself while you play with
the customizable Face Creator feature, where you can design
your own character, then choose your own adversaries. Dive
into the thrilling animation, strategic challenges and expert
tips, and be the top card shark.

Refine your strategy, compete with friends and family and
entertain yourself with a huge collection of favorite
team-style and solo card games from Old Maid and Canasta to
Solitaire and Poker

Play new slots games like Video Blackjack and Video Poker with
single and multihand action

Deal the cards in games such as Astro Jack, Backroom
Blackjack, Special 21ΓΓé¼▓s and more

Customize the game to suit your style ΓΓé¼ΓÇ£ use Hoyle Face Creator
to design your own player, then select a regular set of
characters to play along with you and even design your own
card backs

Experience dynamic card-shuffling excitement through vivid
animations and large, easy-to-read cards, adjustable speed of
play and more

Spend your winnings on shopping sprees to add selections and
upgrades to your characters and your trophy room

Fly solo, challenge friends and family in multiplayer games or
compete against in-game characters

Learn new card games with the help of rules and tips for every game


Ready to get in the game? Then pull up a chair and deal yourself in to these exciting card games from HOYLE, the #1 brand in family entertainment!
HOYLE Card Games 2011 features all of your favorite team-style and solo card games from Old Maid and Canasta to Solitaire and Poker. Learn new games, refine your strategy and play the cards you're dealt, all in the company of the personable HOYLE characters!
Brand New & Improved: 
•	Large, easy-to-read playing cards
•	New Slots games - video blackjack and video poker with single and multi-hand action!
•	Select a regular set of characters to join in the fun
•	Exciting animation
•	Competitive games, Solo games and Team Games
Hoyle Highlights: 
•	Use Hoyle Face Creator to design your own player
•	Select from a variety of card fronts and backs, customize characters, adjust speed of play and more
•	Rules and tips available for all games.
•	Shop by using your "winnings" to add selections/upgrades to your characters and "trophy room."
Special HOYLE 2011 Feature: 
•	Classic
•	Astro Jack
•	Backroom Blackjack
•	Special 21's
•	Video Blackjack - all featuring exciting animation when player gets a natural (21 in the first two cards dealt)
•	Video Poker
•	Single hand with 17 varieties to play and
•	Multi-hand with 3 varieties to play

MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:
Windows® XP (Home & Pro) SP3/Windows Vista® SP1/Windows® 7 ¹, Pentium® IV 2.4 GHz processor or faster, 512 MB (1 GB RAM for Windows Vista® & Windows® 7), 1024x768 16 bit color display, 64MB VRAM (Intel® GMA chipsets supported), 3 GB Hard Disk Space, DVD-ROM drive, 33.6 Kbps modem or faster and internet service provider account required for internet access. Broadband internet service recommended.² Macintosh® OS X 10.4.11-10.6 ¹, Intel® Core™ Solo processor or better, 1.5 GHz or higher processor, 512 MB RAM, 64MB VRAM (Intel® GMA chipsets supported), 3 GB hard drive space, DVD-ROM drive, 33.6 Kbps modem or faster and internet service provider account required for internet access. Broadband internet service recommended.² ¹Administrator privileges are required to properly install the program on Windows® XP, Windows Vista®, Windows® 7 and Mac® OS X. ²User is responsible for all Internet access fees and phone charges. Important Installation Note: Please disable any Antivirus and/or Firewall software that you have running before installing this software. After the installation has completed and the product has been updated, you can re-enable your Antivirus and/or Firewall software.

