Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"3" is a song by American pop singer Britney Spears, from her second greatest hits compilation, The Singles Collection. It was released on September 29, 2009, as the lead single of the album by Jive Records. The song was produced by Max Martin and Shellback while Spears was on tour in Sweden. "3" is an uptempo dance song, that features a heavy bassline and has influences of electropop and rave. The song's lyrics talk about threesomes while referencing Peter, Paul and Mary during the choruses.

The song received positive critical appreciation from contemporary critics. "3" has also achieved commercial success by topping charts in the United States and Canada, as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries. In the United States, the song debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, breaking many of the chart records. The accompanying music video, directed by Diane Martel, features Spears and her dancers in different black and white backgrounds and received positive reviews.

The music video was filmed on October 5 and October 6, 2009 in Los Angeles, California, directed by Diane Martel and choreographed by Tone & Rich. On October 15, 2009, a sneak peak of the video in images was released. A countdown including images and video previews was announced on her official website and the release date was revealed to be on October 30, 2009. When asked about the video, Diane Martel said,

    "I think it's her next sexy video. It's a very simple video for her -- I don't think you've seen her this much under a magnifying glass. Everything's really strong and playful. We collaborated on the wardrobe and had meetings about hair and makeup people, we talked a lot on the phone and met Tone and Rich — two of the best choreographers. [..] [Spears]' so sweet and funny and so normal and down to earth. It's really fun as a director to see her in front of the camera. She's so creative with this stuff. The video is very simple, it's very, very minimal. So it's her, her, her. And she's totally engaging every second. She really knows how to work with a camera and move. I was really impressed, and I have worked almost with every female artist in the business."

The video begins with Spears wearing a sparkly black dress at a vanity, putting mascara and Circus Fantasy on. Then, it cuts to her holding her hair up and singing the first lines in a white background. There are also black and white scenes of her wearing a white leotard behind a foggy glass. She then appears wearing the leotard and glasses while surrounded by four female dancers wearing black outfits, hanging from a raised barre. The word "sin" is censored and changed for the word "this" during the pre-chorus. In the chorus, she dances in front of a white wall with barcode-like light installations with six male dancers. There also scenes of her dancing provocatively with two male dancers. At the bridge, there are intercut close-ups of her that end with a smirk. The video concludes with Spears dancing with the two male dancers and cuts to a close-up of her looking into the camera. This is the first time Spears has incorporated tutting in her dance.

Rolling Stone writer Daniel Kreps compared the video with the music video of "Single Ladies" and complimented the choreography saying Spears haven’t danced with so much conviction since the In the Zone era. Jocelyn Vena of MTV also gave the video a positive review, stating that it's a "sexy, fast-paced clip" and that "there are a few moments in the video where Britney's personality shines" adding that "she smiles at the song's tongue-in-cheek lyrics, particularly when she finishes the song's bridge." Tanner Stransky of Entertainment Weekly complimented the video’s choice of wardrobe, but said that the video was "sparse", adding "there’s not much to the single besides trite, ridiculous advocation for a ménage à trois anyway, so why would the video go any deeper?". The Daily Mail said the video "features Britney writhing around in scantily-clad outfits with male dancers in the best way she knows how".


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

