pk/133                             
                                
                         
                      
                
                
                  
                      
                           
                           
                              
                       
                     
                             
                                       
                                         
                            
                 
              
                    
                                 
                                                 
                                                
                                                
                                               
                                  
          
          
                                    
                                       
                            
                           
                               
                       
       
                     
      
      
      
      
                             E X T R O A D i N A R Y
                        
                          r E V E R S E
                        
                       E N G i N E E R S
                      
                   S Q U A D
                    
                P D A
                  


                                                                         
        P  R  O  U  D  L  Y       P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S . . .       
                                                                         


            
              Killer.Mobile  SecureMe 
            
        
      
       Release Group ........: ErESPDA   
  
        Version ..............: v1.30         
   
          Operating System .....: S60v3.SymbianOS9.1
      
         Release Type .........: Unsigned.Cracked.READ.NFO
   
         Release Date .........: 04/12/09      
      
             Filename .............: km019          
        
      Disks ................: 01 disk(s)  
 
 
                                                                       
                                  Description                          
                                                                       


        SecureMe is an Anti-Theft, Data Security & Protection application       
        for SmartPhone devices. The application can automatically lock          
        down, and prevent usage, send location details, hide, password          
        protect or delete data you choose, either automatically on SIM          
        change or remotely via SMS commands. You can even listen into           
        the thief, get reports of calls made or sms's sent and much             
        more. SecureMe runs completely hidden, is password protected and        
        can optionally utilize uninstallation protection. SecureMe will         
        satisfy all of your Mobile Security & Privacy needs! BONUS! A           
        special "Java" remote application is available for easy sending         
        of the remote SMS commands!                                             
                                                                                
        * Symbian Signed and Certified Application                              
        * Runs 100% silently and invisibly in the background                    
        * Autostart on Device Reboot                                            
        * Device will be 100% locked  upon unauthorized SIM change              
        * Uninstall prevention option                                           
        * "Call & Listen" feature allowing you to call from a                   
        secondary number and listen to background sound                         
        * Fully configurable application - can be used as a                     
        Anti-Theft device or a basic "spy" type application                     
        * Remote SMS commands to lock device or hide/delete data                
        * Configureable device lock timer upon SIM change                       
        * Configureable lock screen text                                        
        * Receive complete SIM details via SMS to secondary numbers             
        upon unauthorized SIM change to help find the thief                     
        * Receive notifications of all Call & SMS activity while                
        device is in "attack" mode (but screen and keyboard are NOT             
        locked)                                                                 
        * Supports emergency number dialing when device is locked               
        * NEW!! Exclusive Java "remote" app for easy Remote SMS                 
        commands                                                                
                                                                                



                                                                       
                                  Installation                         
                                                                       


        Register with Any Key (if Required)                                     
        Install SM.jar file to apply Commands                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                



                                                                       
                          How to Install Unsigned Apps                 
                                                                       


       Step 1: Make sure you have a file browser installed, it is running
       and nothing else. Do not use the built-in Symbian browser,
       but a program like X-Plore (free version works too).

       Step 2: Send HelloCarbide and installserver.exe to your phone
       (S60v3 Device). Do not open them yet.

       Step 3: Close any programs that may be running on your phone,
       except the file browser.

       Step 4: Install and Run HelloCarbide.sis. Now go to options,
       then to menu1. Keep Pressing the selection key untill it crashes.
       This is normal. You will have access to the system/private folders.

       Step 5: Use the file manager to copy installserver.exe into the
       c:sysbin folder of your phone. This allows you to install
       unsigned apps.

       Now Simply send the Unsigned Releases from ErESPDA to your phone
       and install without any complications. ^_^
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                      
                     - -- --- ----  Group  Info  ---- --- -- -              
                                                                             
                                We are looking for                        
                                                                         
                 - Crackers for all Operating Systems                 
                                                                      
                 - Quality suppliers                                 
                                                                      
                 - Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with       
                                                                        
                 - Anything else you think we might like              
                                                                       
                       e r e s p d a  a t  g m a i l . c o m            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
    
     - ยง  i i -b  -p   K - R  M -t H  -w  R L D -o F -1 3 3