Torrent Information - Review Lecture Session 7 - Physics.zip
Torrent managed and seeded by Erasariel

Technical Information

Found in:

The Pirate Bay

Trackers: 6

**please take note that the seeder may not be active at all times**
-------------------------

Contents:

Name							Size

Information.txt						2.08 KB
Review Lecture Session 7 - Physics - Part 1		24.9 MB
Review Lecture Session 7 - Physics - Part 2		7.59 MB
Review Lecture Session 7 - Physics - Part 3		35.1 MB
                                                   	---------
                                                        67.6 MB

Content Synopsis:

This is a series of three recordings of the Physics review lecture at the Ofelia Orate Review Center this 25th of May, 2010. The review covers a wide range of topics in physics, much of it covering classical mechanics topics such as speed, force, and work. This has been a bad day to record, though; all parts may have some wrongly-paused and wrongly-resumed parts, Part 2 was cut short since the recorder ran out of battery, and my position in the room was bad for recording as well. Although most of the speech is audible, you may have to increase the volume a bit. Also, please take note as well that there might be some parts in which it seemed as if a whole part was cut. In these parts, the recorder was paused in order to save time and to keep the recordings short (if it was running when we took the exercises and tests, it'd be much longer!).

Please do take note that this lecture is mostly in English, although there are parts in Filipino. Even with this, I still strongly recommend having a good understanding of the Filipino language before attempting to download. No, there will be no alternate soundtracks.

Before anyone asks, these recordings have been executed with permission from both the authorities and the teacher. This is an original recording and has not been "ripped" from any source. You may seed and help distribute this file, but please do not use this for any purpose other than academic (and especially not commercial).

Enjoy the download!

Erasariel