Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"(You Can Still) Rock in America" is a hard rock song released in 1984 by Night Ranger from their Midnight Madness album. It reached number 51 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and number 15 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in the U.S.

It is Downloadable Content for Rock Band 2 and will be a playable track in Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock

Midnight Madness is the second album from Night Ranger. The album contained the band's best known hit, "Sister Christian," and therefore became the band's highest selling album, selling well over a million copies in the U.S.

Night Ranger is an American  1980s rock band from San Francisco that gained significant popularity during the 80s and 90s with a series of successful albums and singles. The band's first five albums sold over 10 million copies worldwide, and gave the band international recognition. The quintet is perhaps best known for the power ballad "Sister Christian", which peaked at #5 in June 1984.

After their success waned in the late 1980s, the band split up in 1989 and its members pursued other musical endeavours including both group and solo efforts. Several members released an album without original singer Jack Blades in 1995, but the band soon re-united to release two new albums in the latter half of the decade. Despite the departure of original keyboardist Alan Fitzgerald and guitarist Jeff Watson, the band has continued to tour into 2008 and remains very popular in Asian countries including Japan.

The group's origin can be traced back to Rubicon, a pop/funk group led by Jerry Martini, who gained fame as a member of Sly and the Family Stone. After Rubicon's demise in 1979, bassist Jack Blades formed a hard rock trio with two other Rubicon members, drummer Kelly Keagy and guitarist Brad Gillis. Performing under the name Stereo, the threesome later added keyboardist Alan Fitzgerald, a former member of Montrose (and the offstage keyboard player for Van Halen since the 1990s). Fitzgerald soon recommended enlisting a second virtuoso guitarist, so Jeff Watson, who led his own band in Northern California, was added to the group. The seeds were sown for a new melodic hard rock band, initially called simply Ranger.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/