POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit



POtHS -- Picking Out the Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Pointing Out the Hovering Sausers -- POtHS -- Pouring Out true Helping Scriptures -- POtHS -- Pouring Out The Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Pointing Out the Hopeless Socialists -- POtHS -- Pour Out the Holy Spirit -- Upload POtHS Everywhere -- POtHS -- Pointing Out The Hellish Scumbags -- POtHS -- Partaking Of the Holy Scriptures -- POtHS -- Prosecute Only the Highest Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pouring Out the Holy Spirit -- POtHS -- Prosecute Obama The House & Senate -- POtHS -- Plant Only the Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our treasured Heritage Seeds -- POtHS -- Plant Our treasured Hemp Seeds -- POtHS -- Passing Over the Harmful Sins -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over the Hypocritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Prosecute Our treasonous Homeland Security -- POtHS -- Prevailing Over the Hypacritical Scoundrels -- POtHS -- Pondering On the Heavenly Skies -- POtHS -- Pointing Out the Hellish Saucers


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

Thank you for the POtHS suggestions. Type POtHS in your search window and see what POPS UP.

More Torrents in this series at


POtHS - Conspiracy Facts - Part 46 - How Weed Won the West


How Weed Won the West

the title is a little premature, however, California votes for legalization in November. If they legalized it, they may be correct. Smoking Pot is a sin? NOT. Drinking Wine a Sin? Nope. It's in The Bible, The Divine Word of God!!!  I actually registered to vote for the first time in 30 years. I voted "ONCE" in the seventies. Only took ONE time to figure out that the system is rigged and does NOT work for the People that voted them in and sign their paychecks. Votem "ALL" out. New blood please!!!

GENESIS 1:29
29  And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

Did you know that there are 23 different trees listed in the Bible? Did you know that when this text is written in Hebrew, all 23 trees are spelled with ELS in that 1 sentence. Google: equal distance letter sequence. For a better explanation than I care give. (Eg. Write down every 7th letter to make a word.)This happens only in The original Hebrew Torah.- Old Testament.   If just one letter in The Scriptures was changed this phenomena would not happen. There are thousands of Hidden Codes in The Bible. Google: Bible Codes, for more info.



type POtHS in your search window for more info.


RAPtURE  (My transportation outta here.)

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOtHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH that Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever with him...Praise Jesus, Amen.

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://www.theberean.org/ 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.netListen to Alex Jones 
http://bibledatabase.com/html_bibles.html 
http://hickoryhammockbaptist.org
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.




           thankyou            thankyou            thankyou 