Cactus Flower DVD Rip (1969 comedy, Matthau, Bergman, Hawn)

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 870kbps 
Duration.............: 1:39:34
Resolution...........: 608*336 
Framerate............: 25.000 
Audio Codec..........: 0x0055 MPEG-1 Layer 3 
Audio Bitrate........: 99 kbps VBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064117/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cactus_Flower_%28film%29
 
http://bayimg.com/HaOIDAaCI


Cactus Flower is a 1969 comedic film directed by Gene Saks and starring Walter Matthau, Ingrid Bergman, and Goldie Hawn. The film is adapted from an earlier Broadway stage play, written by Abe Burrows, which in turn was based upon the French play Fleur de cactus. The film was the seventh highest grossing film of 1970.

Awards

Goldie Hawn won two awards for her supporting role:

    * Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress - Goldie Hawn
    * Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress - Motion Picture - Goldie Hawn

In addition, there was a nomination for Ingrid Bergman and an additional one for Goldie Hawn:

    * BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role - Goldie Hawn
    * Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy - Ingrid Bergman

Cast

Walter Matthau 	Dr. Julian Winston 	a dentist
Ingrid Bergman 	Stephanie Dickinson 	Dr. Winston's assistant
Goldie Hawn 	Toni Simmons 	Dr. Winston's girlfriend
Jack Weston 	Harvey Greenfield 	a friend and patient of Dr. Winston
Rick Lenz 	Igor Sullivan 	a writer and Toni's neighbor
Vito Scotti 	Señor Arturo Sánchez 	a diplomat and patient of Dr. Winston
Irene Hervey 	Mrs. Durant 	a patient of Dr. Winston
Eve Bruce 	Georgia 	a date of Harvey Greenfield's
Irwin Charone 	Record Store Manager 	Toni's employer
Matthew Saks 	nephew 	one of Mrs. Dickinson's nephews
 
The film begins with 21-year-old Toni Simmons trudging across the road at night to post a letter. Subsequently, she returns to her apartment and attempts to gas herself using a "second-hand" stove. Fortunately, her neighbor, Igor Sullivan, smells the gas and rescues her from imminent death using rescue breathing, which evolves into a French kiss after Toni regains consciousness.

The movie then moves to the cause of the suicide attempt. Toni's lover Julian, a dentist and philanderer, had previously told Toni that he has a wife and three kids, in order to avoid commitment issues. However, upon learning of the suicide attempt, he decides to rethink his bachelor status and to marry Toni, resulting in him needing a wife to divorce.

In order to resolve his dilemma, Julian decides to ask Miss Stephanie Dickinson, his spinsterish Swedish nurse of ten years, to pose as his wife. At first unwilling, she ultimately accepts the role, since she has secretly developed a crush on Julian. However, upon meeting Miss Dickinson, Toni intuitively senses Miss Dickinson's love for Julian. This causes her to ask Julian to help Miss Dickinson find another man, in order for everyone to be happy. To resolve the situation, Julian involves several other characters, including Julian's friend Harvey, Señor Arturo Sánchez, and Igor. Ultimately, Toni finds out about the lie and leaves Julian for Igor, while Julian falls in love with Miss Dickinson.

The namesake of the film is a prickly cactus that Miss Dickinson keeps on her desk at the dentist's office. Similar to Miss Dickinson, the cactus is cold and inhospitable. However, by the end, both the cactus and Miss Dickinson have bloomed.
