Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Come Back Song" is a single recorded by American singer Darius Rucker. The song, co-written by Rucker, was released to country radio in early July 2010 as the lead single from Rucker's second album of country music, Charleston, SC 1966.

"Come Back Song" is a mid-tempo which features a narrator singing to his ex via radio and asking her to "come back."

Charleston, SC 1966 is the third studio album and second country album from American artist Darius Rucker. It was released in the United States on October 12, 2010 through Capitol Nashville.

Darius Rucker (born May 13, 1966) is an American musician. He first gained fame as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Hootie & the Blowfish, of which he has been a member since the band's foundation in 1986. The band has released five studio albums with him as a member. He released his first solo album, Back to Then, in 2002 on Hidden Beach Recordings.

In 2008, Rucker signed to Capitol Records Nashville as a country music artist, releasing the album Learn to Live that year. Its first three singles—"Don't Think I Don't Think About It", "It Won't Be Like This for Long" and "Alright"—all reached number one on the U.S. Hot Country Songs chart, followed by the number three "History in the Making." The album itself has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for U.S. shipments of one million copies. A second Capitol album, Charleston, SC 1966, was released on October 12, 2010, led off by the number-one "Come Back Song".

Rucker has been the lead singer of Hootie & the Blowfish since its formation in 1986. He met fellow band members, Mark Bryan, Jim "Soni" Sonefeld, and Dean Felber, while attending the University of South Carolina. Bryan heard Rucker singing in the shower, and the two became a duo, playing R.E.M. covers at a local hangout called Hooters. They eventually recruited Felber. Sonefield finally joined in 1989. As a member of Hootie & the Blowfish, he has recorded five studio albums: Cracked Rear View, Fairweather Johnson, Musical Chairs, Hootie & the Blowfish, and Looking for Lucky. All five albums feature songs that Rucker, Bryan and Felber wrote. As the frontman, Rucker began to be called simply "Hootie" in the media, though the band title combines the nicknames of his college friends.

Rucker's signature contribution to the band is his baritone voice that Rolling Stone called "ingratiating," TIME called it "low, gruff, [and] charismatic," and Entertainment Weekly characterized it as a "barrelhouse growl." He brought additional attention as the sole African-American member of a major rock band with otherwise white members. Rucker said they "flipped" the formula of the all black band with a white frontman, like Frank Sinatra performing with Count Basie. Musically, he was sometimes criticized or spoofed for not being "black enough". Saturday Night Live ran a sketch of Rucker leading beer-drinking, white, frat boys in a counter-march to Louis Farrakhan's Million Man March. He also received death threats for singing the Hootie song "Drowning," a protest song against the flying of the Confederate flag above the South Carolina statehouse. The other band members were protective of Rucker in regards to the issue, and had a policy of generally ignoring racists and their comments.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/