Legacy of Kain - Soul Reaver 2 for the Ps2                          Rel. 10/31/2001


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         MDS/ISO
Genre.:        Action
Rating:        M (Mature)
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method. 


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.


Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.


You could try the homebrew exploit to (Free Mc Boot - Also known as soft modding for ps2), if your ps2 system isn't hard modded with a chip or if Swap Magic isn't working as a last resort. There are ps2 emulators but its not 100% & the quality isn't as good as playing your game on your ps2 console.

If your using swap magic and don't have a flip top, you'll need to first
remove the front cover of the disc tray for use of the slide card.

Here's a link for how to remove the front cover...
           
http://www.modchipstore.com/support/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=49&nav=0,2

And here's some links on using the slide tool to open the tray to swap in your ps2 copy or backup game.
           
http://www.swapmagic3.com/slide-tool/Instructions.htm
          
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/340944
          
http://forums.afterdawn.com/thread_view.cfm/15105

Those that don't have a modded Ps2 Here's a few links for Free MC Boot & how to use it to soft mod your ps2 so you can be able to play burned games. Free Mc Boot won't work on newer models of ps2 you'll have to use an older version the tutorial explains this.

--  http://bootleg.sksapps.com/tutorials/fmcb/

Then you will also need to patch the iso (the PS2 game) with ESR disc patcher GUI v0.24a if your using free mc boot with ESR Elf to boot your p2 copies or backups (No-swapping required for esr method).

After patching burn the iso with Imgburn or Dvd Decrypter to respectable media
then use the ESR through fmcb after you installed everything to boot your game.

You will still need to use the proper media for the game to run or load properly regardless if your using fmcb, a modded ps2, or swap magic. Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is preferred.

Note: If fmcb isn't working and your Ps2 isn't Modded, Swap Magic should do the
trick.


Game Description:

Following the events in Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver, Raziel discovers a way back through time and encounters one of the Circle of the Nine, Mobius the timestreamer. Mobius urges Raziel to continue his quest for revenge and destroy the vampiric Kain. Raziel reluctantly agrees and heads off to discover the knowledge and weapons that will allow him to achieve his goal.

Soul Reaver 2 is a 3rd person adventure game, like the first game. The player controls the game from behind Raziel's shoulder, moving him in any direction, climbing, attacking, swimming, jumping and using specific abilities. Raziel can grip onto the sides of ledges, climb walls and his torn wings allow him to glide gently downwards. 

Raziel can shift through the "material" world into the "spectral" realm at will... but must find specific locations in order to shift back. The two realms mirror one another, with distortions which give access to new areas and platforms. Existing in the material world drains Raziel's life energy at a constant rate. 

Raziel must restore energy by consuming the souls of defeated enemies. Raziel no longer gains abilities from absorbing great souls and instead must imbue his Soul Reaver weapon by activating certain elemental temples. Once activated, various
"elemental fonts" can be used to charge the Soul Reaver to specific attributes. Raziel can arm himself with a variety of other weapons including daggers, swords, axes, spears as well as the Soul Reaver and bare-handed claws.

Unlike the previous game, Soul Reaver 2 is linear and follows specific paths through different areas. Raziel cannot return to certain areas once he has left them behind. Soul Reaver 2 features a variety of different puzzles, often involving blocks or manipulation of different devices. 

One common theme is "light puzzles" where Raziel must reflect light, using mirrored objects, so that they touch switches or objects which require activation.


Features:

* Acquire new and improved physical abilities, and relics to interact with the 
  environment and unlock the dark secrets of Nosgoth.

* Encounter a variety of new enemies including vampire hunters, vampires, Sarafan
  warrior-priests, spectral spirits, and extra-dimensional demons.

* Immerse yourself in a gothic realm of highly detailed architecture and 
  environments supported by an intriguing storyline, in-game cinematic event, and
  compelling voice-over.

* Shift real-time between the spectral and material realms to access previously
  unattainable areas.

* Devour the lost souls of your enemies to recover and maintain your strength.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(Only if your mod-chip or ps2 doesn't support DVD+R).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!