1968-09-06 London, The Roundhouse (2nd set)
VOB video combined
lineage: "The Doors: The Doors are open" DVD5 > VOB > torrent
lineage: "The Doors: Live in Europe 1968" DVD5 > VOB

Notes:
Progams used:
DVD shrink 3.2
TMPGEnc DVD author 3
MAGIX movie edit pro 16

The goal was to get as much footage from this concert without all the additional footage that was edited into it.
I removed all the non-Roundhouse material from "Live in Europe 1968" and The doors are open".
I split the material per song.
"Five to one" is only available on "The Doors are open". The film begins with a snippet from "Five to one" that is actually the end of the song. I cut this part and placed it at the ending of the track "Five to one".
"When the music’s over" is more complete on "The Doors are open". Although "Live in Europe 1968" has a higher bit rate, the editing would worsen the overall quality. I didn't compare the two clips because "Live in Europe 1968" only has a small portion of this song.
"Back door man / Crawling king snake (medley)" is most complete on "The Doors are open". "Live in Europe 1968" has a snippet of a couple of seconds at about 2 minutes that isn't on "The Doors are open". I inserted this bit.
"Spanish caravan" is identical on both sources, so I took it from "Live in Europe 1968".
"Light my fire" is more complete on "The Doors are open". Although "Live in Europe 1968" has a higher bit rate, the editing would worsen the overall quality.
"The unknown soldier" is only available on "The Doors are open".
"The celebration of the lizard" is only available on "The Doors are open".
I arranged the tracks so that the songs are in the correct order.
The result of all this is all the available Roundhouse material from these two DVD's without any other footage.
Because the material was so cut-up, the audio and video have a lot of hiccups.
For completists only!
-MrKing-

Track list:
01. Five to one (cut)
02. When the music's over (cut)
03. Back door man / Crawling king snake (medley) (cut)
04. Spanish caravan (cut)
05. Light my fire (cut)
06. The unknown soldier (cut)
07. The celebration of the lizard (cut)