Dark Reign: The List is a series of eight interconnected one-shots heralding the next major chapter in the Marvel Universe's current saga.

Norman Osborn composes a To-Do List - a list of things, not necessarily people to be targeted, but situations that have to be dealt with or addressed in one way, shape or form.  In the course of each of these stories, different characters will become involved, not because they've specifically been targeted but because a particular objective on Norman's list falls within their sphere of activity.


Dark Reign: The List - Avengers
After the events of Utopia, Clint Barton (Ronin), enraged that Osborn has been able to continue his rule despite his best efforts, decides to storm Avengers Tower and kill Osborn himself.
Written by by Brian Michael Bendis and illustrated by Marko Djurdjevic.


Dark Reign: The List - Daredevil
After a group of black-clad ninjas kill a group of crooked cops and lawyers, Osborn turns his attention to the Hand and their new leader: Daredevil. 
Written by by Andy Diggle and penciled Billy Tan.


Dark Reign: The List - Uncanny X-Men
After Emma Frost and Namor's betrayal, Osborn decides to send Namor's former lover Marrina Smallwood to kill the Atlanteans. 
By Matt Fraction and Alan Davis.


Dark Reign: The List - Secret Warriors 
Nick Fury goes to Avengers Tower and walks into Osborn's office when Ares just lets him in.  Osborn tries to frighten Nick by showing him his List.
Written by by Jonathan Hickman and illustrated by Ed McGuiness.


Dark Reign: The List - Hulk
In order to get rid of Bruce Banner and his son Skaar, Osborn sends a heavily armed Victoria Hand and Moonstone to attack the duo. 
Written by by Greg Pak, with art by Ben Oliver.


Dark Reign: The List - Punisher 
Following repeated failed attempts to kill Frank Castle, Norman Osborn sends Daken and a platoon of H.A.M.M.E.R troops to complete this mission.
By Rick Remender and John Romita Jr.


Dark Reign: The List - Wolverine 
During his tenure as leader of HAMMER, Norman Osborn tries to take control of The World and the Weapon Plus creations. 
Written by Jason Aaron and illustrated by Esad Ribic.


Dark Reign: The List - Spider-Man
Peter Parker teams-up with several other members of The Front Line, to expose Norman Osborn as the maniac he truly is. 
By Dan Slott and Adam Kubert.



Released on http://ComicPirates.info	