Personal stories reveal marginalized Argentine daily victories and achievements against unemployment, poverty and misery caused by the neoliberal model imposed in the country. Anonymous heroes with collective proposals, showing that people can change. YOU WERE POSITIVE FOR INFORMATION ON DIFFICULT TO LIVE AND SEASONS FOR WORST THAT CAN SOMEONE COME TO THE DOCUMENTARY subtitling IN GREEK. The translation is done by the Spanish to the Greek method ¨ ¨ GOOGLE TRANSLATION http://translate.google.gr/ # ¨ ¨ apologize for my mistakes! Information: Direction and screenplay: Fernando E. Solanas. Year: 2005. Production: Fernando E. Solanas and Sara Silveira. Music: Gerardo Gandini. Photo: Fernando E. Solanas. Place: J.C. Fernando Macias and E. Solanas. Summary: During the 90 repeated the idea that reality can not be changed, that people should resign from the unique neo-liberal way. The philosophy of defeat, amnesic and hypocritical, was born in feelings of millions of people. The documentary tells the story and moving testimonies of social resistance in Argentina against unemployment and hunger caused by the model of globalization. These stories of solidarity, small epics told starring anonymous heroes with collective proposals overcame homelessness, rebuilding hope. With "The Dignity of Nobodies" Fernando Solanda chose to reveal the small victories and daily exploits of "nobodies" solidarity alternatives and proposals that show how this world can change. Awards: - 62? Venice Film Festival (September 2005) DOC / IT (Association of Italian documentary) "From the poetic sensibility and political commitment to tell a dramatic moment in the history of Argentina, the universal pain and dignity of a people through memorable testimonies of small heroes of everyday life. " - Human Rights Award for "its ability to represent the resistance of the people and their struggle to safeguard the fundamental rights of individuals and the community." - Best Movie Latina - Premio Citta di Roma-Arcobaleno Latino essential and powerful film shows with spiritual vitality and cinematic knowledge of everyday men and women fight against impunity and social degradation. - New Montreal Film Festival Special Prize of L'Office National Film du Best documentary about the technical quality, the strength of his subject, his view of the author and the accuracy with which the director has shown the courage and dignity of their fellow citizens. - Week Valladolid International Film (50 Edition) Best Documentary narrative accurately show its solidarity with the disadvantaged victories and devastating implications of the new neo-liberal policies. - Best Film Festival in Havana Memory Cultural Center Pablo de la Brau Torriente «To follow up with clarity and rigor, the time of the current reality of their country through human and inclusive vision of the characters The rescue "through these photographs, the face and dignity" Specifications: Quality: DVDRrip Video Format / Codec: XviD Video Bitrate: 1490 kbit / s Resolution: 592 x 320 Audio format / codec: AC3 192 kbps Language : Spanish Size: 1397 MB 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0480126/