"Undisclosed Desires", also known as "Undisclosed", is a song by English alternative rock band Muse, featured on their 2009 fifth studio album The Resistance. The song was written by lead vocalist Matthew Bellamy, who has described the song as "quite a personal song about me and my girlfriend." "Undisclosed Desires" is due to be released as the second single from the album on 16 November 2009, after "Uprising" in September.

"Undisclosed Desires" was first performed live at the first of the 2009 A Seaside Rendezvous concerts at the band's childhood hometown of Teignmouth on 4 September. On 7 September, the song was played twice on BBC Radio 1 by Zane Lowe as part of the MuseNight programming.

Since the album's release, the song has had a mixed reception by critics, with some chastising the Rock sound while others thought of it as too much of a departure from their already diverse sound. Andrew Leahey of music website allmusic described the song as "bizarre Timbaland-meets-Depeche Mode ambiance," using it as an example of the band's apparent "tendency to pile excess upon excess."Reviewing for NME, Ben Patashnik noted "Undisclosed" as evidence of the band "try[ing] to reignite the low-down R&B of ‘Supermassive Black Hole’," which he also suggests "backfires."[10] Patashnik went on to criticize the song further, slating it as sounding like "something Timbaland might find down the back of his mixing desk." Mojo, on the other hand, identified "Undisclosed" as one of the highlights of The Resistance, along with "United States of Eurasia" and "Uprising".


Music video
In revealing news of the single's release, the band's official website confirmed that the video would be available to watch on MySpace from 3 November, and from the official site itself on 4 November. The video shows the band playing in a room full of cables, surrounded by screens. The screens display the song lyrics, as well as photographs of a heart. A brightly dressed dancer, wearing an outfit also made of ribbons and tassels, is also seen several times.
