The Hollies - The Vintage Hollies (1967)
Mp3
CBR 320
Front Cover


The Hollies are a British rock and roll band formed in the early 1960s. They signed to Parlophone in 1963 as label-mates of The Beatles, and released their first album in the US in 1964 as part of the first wave of British Invasion releases. They are commonly associated with Manchester, because several original Hollies came from the city and its outlying communities.

The Hollies had a squeaky-clean image, and were famous for their vocal harmonies. Frequent releases throughout the early '60s included many cover versions of popular songs as well as a few original hits (notably 1966's "Bus Stop"). "Carrie Anne", "Carousel" and "Look Through Any Window" are three of their more memorable harmony performances. Drummer Bobby Elliot is also considered by many to be one of England's best drummers; together with longtime bassist Bernie Calvert, the Hollies enjoyed a solid, almost jazz-oriented backbeat. Tony Hicks and Graham Nash shared the guitar spotlight, while frontman Allan Clarke sang in his distinctive nasal tenor. Until 2000, Allan Clarke remained the primary singer.

When Graham Nash, one of the group's main songwriters, left in 1968 over creative differences, he formed Crosby, Stills and Nash. Soon afterwards, a massive audition took place for a suitable successor. Guitarist-singer Terry Sylvester of the Swinging Blue Jeans eventually joined. This lineup had an immediate hit with "Sorry, Suzanne". Singer Allan Clarke briefly left the group in 1971 for a solo career. European star Mikael Rickfors overcame language barriers as Clarke's replacement, yielding the major hit "The Air That I Breathe". Allan Clarke returned in 1972 with the Creedence Clearwater Revival-inspired smash, "Long Cool Woman in a Black Dress".

The group's popularity reached a peak in 1972 with a cover song, "He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother", which was revived years after its initial appearance as a result of its use in a television advertisement and reached #1 in the UK and American charts. Some have compared the Hollies' successful vocal style to classic 70s bands, from Yes to Styx.

The band continued to record and tour sporadically in various lineups through the mid-1980s They still tour as of 2004, albeit with only two original members -- Hicks and Elliot. 


Record club re-issue of  "In The Hollies Style", 1964, but  this time released in stereo.

In The Hollies Style is The Hollies' second LP for Parlophone. Originally available in mono only, it was reissued in true stereo under the title The Vintage Hollies in 1967. In 1997, British EMI put both mono and stereo versions of this album onto a single CD.

Upon being released, The Hollies' second album drew little success. While their debut and third album both reached the top five in the UK album charts, In The Hollies Style did not make the top twenty. However, it managed to retain the energy and excitement of their debut and demonstrated the development of The Hollies' songwriting. The debut album featured one original song; nearly half of the songs on In The Hollies Style (credited to "Ransford") are original.

For reasons unknown, none of the tracks on this album have been issued in the United States.



Review by Richie Unterberger, All Music Guide 

Released only ten months after their debut album, Stay With the Hollies, their second album was a huge leap forward in every respect. Their famous airtight harmonies were now in place, and the sloppiness of the instrumental attack gone. Most important, the group developed enormously as songwriters. Eight of the 12 tracks were Hollies originals and quite skillful in their mastery of the British Invasion essentials of driving, catchy melodies and shining harmonies. A couple of the covers are duds, but the "Nitty Gritty/Something's Got a Hold of Me" medley is first-rate, and the version of "It's in His Kiss" (retitled "It's in Her Kiss") respectable. The Hollies weren't from Liverpool (though Manchester is fairly close), but this nonetheless ranks of one of the very best Merseybeat albums not released by the Beatles themselves. It doesn't include any British or American hits, but "Come On Home," "To You My Love," "Don't You Know," and "What Kind of Boy" (the last of which was written for them by one Big Dee Irwin) will appeal to any British Invasion fan. Surprisingly, none of the tracks were ever released in the United States, making the reissue all the more desirable an item for British Invasion collectors from U.S. shores, who most likely missed it entirely the first time around. 

Track Listing:

Side 1

1.Medley: Nitty Gritty/Something's Got A Hold Of Me 4:09  	
2.Don't You Know 1:53 		
3.To You My Love 2:04 		
4.It's In Her Kiss 2:06 		
5.Time For Love 2:34 		
6.What Kind Of Boy 2:34 		

Side 2

1.Too Much Monkey Business 2:23 	
2.I Thought Of You Last Night 2:14 		
3.Please Don't Feel Too Bad 2:23 		
4.Come On Home 1:41 		
5.You'll Be Mine 1:58 		
6.Set Me Free 2:18 


Enjoy!