So Stimulated
Wednesday, February 17, 2010

Happy Birthday to the Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, better known by the nickname “stimulus.” As one-year olds go, the stimulus is doing quite excellently. It’s walking, talking, and creating jobs. The stimulus has created or saved some two million jobs, by conservative estimates… that is by estimates that are conservative, not from pundits who are conservative. According to conservative pundits, the stimulus hasn’t created any jobs. That’s incorrect right off the bat—considering the fact that those conservative pundits have jobs bashing the stimulus. But the stimulus program is also employing teachers, police officers, health care workers, firefighters, and other workers of every description. In short, the stimulus is working. And that seems to be conservatives’ biggest problem with it. The only recovery Republicans want to see is for them to recover control of the Senate. OK, that wouldn’t strictly be necessary. Republicans seem able to control the Senate with only 41 votes anyway.


In fact, the Republicans in Congress seem to have some pretty impressive job skills all around—like the amazing ability to bash the stimulus while simultaneously requesting stimulus project funds for their home districts. That’s right—despite attacking the stimulus for not working, Republican lawmakers have been handing out giant-sized stimulus checks and going to ribbon-cutting ceremonies for stimulus projects. The lesson here? Don’t pay attention to what the Republican lawmakers are saying—pay attention to the giant ribbon-cutting scissors that they’re holding. If you guys really believe the stimulus isn’t working, you shouldn’t be posing with giant checks and scissors. You should be cutting up the giant checks with those giant scissors. The list of Republican stimulus hypocrites is impressive.  In just one example, the entire congressional delegation of Alabama signed a letter asking for stimulus funds from the Forest Service. Now that’s hypocrisy AND teamwork! Luckily, the Democrats have highlighted some of the more colorful examples in a new ad.
In all, 111 Republican lawmakers directly requested or tried to take credit for stimulus projects that they opposed. It seems that when it comes to the government, Republicans are against spending, but not against receiving. 