Adsense Secrets 4. One Of The Most Important Books You Will Ever Aquire.


I am new to this phenomenon of 'making money online', I have spent hours reading and investigating how it all works. It has opened up a whole new level of interest - I am getting a buzz about something new and I like it! But I have to say their are times when I think "what on earth is going on here!" because like all areas of life you get the cons and the scams, avoid the scams though and their are people genuinely interested in providing quality info at a price. So where does Adsense Secrets 4, by Joel Comm, fit? is it a scam or the genuine deal?

I stumbled across Adsense Secrets 4.0 during an evening trawling the net for information. It's hard to explain, but the first impression of Joel Comm's website was different to those 'other' sites. I immediately felt that this was a guy who knew his stuff, but who was also managing to make a lot of money from creating and selling quality products. A bit of research on the Net showed that he has certainly been around a while, and appears to be well liked in the business. I didn't jump in though, I first joined his email newsletter and enjoyed the information sent out regularly, I searched the net for his sites which were all upto date and interesting. So I took the decision to part with my $9.95 and to become a disciple of Joel Comm and to learn the inner secrets of Google's Adsense. At this price you have nothing to lose!

So what do you get for your money? Well the first thing to remember is that this is Adsense Secrets 4, it is the latest updated release of a book that has been around a while, previous versions have been best sellers, earning a reputation as the Adsense 'Bible' so immediately the expectation is high. But the price isn't! Joel has pitched this ebook at only $9.95 so immediately you are on a win win situation.

Opening the ebook you realise that it is packed with information. 235 pages containing 25 chapters. Starting to read through confirms that this is a quality peace of work. The depth of information means that all your Adsense needs are covered, and it is unlikely you will need any other source of information. If this was a printed book it would be one of those that never leaves your desk, becoming grubby from constant use - a friend in time of need. I have picked random chapters and then searched the Internet to check out the information, I wasn't disappointed, all relevant and upto date.

So what information do you get? Well, 235 pages is a lot to fill and I think that the name infers that this is purely an Adsense How-to, it's not. What you get is a guide that leads you by the hand through setting up your website, choosing and configuring your blog and then covers every aspect of integrating Adsense into your site. The bonus is that Joel also covers other types of advertising so you have ample skills to make money from your website. But, if that was not enough once your site is up and running you are taken through Search Engine Optimisation, and methods to increase your sites traffic.

So to answer my question - scam or the genuine deal? Well, I have to say genuine deal. I liked it a lot and have worked my way through it, managing to implement Adsense on all off my sites. I have only two very minor criticisms. The first is the price is too low! Yes you heard me right - it could give someone new to this the idea that it's cheap and therefore nasty! Secondly, so much information means that in places certain topics are skimmed over too quickly, but this tends to be areas that are not important and can be followed up on the Internet.

Adsense Secrets 4 is an excellent ebook for the Internet marketing novice. It covers many areas that can be confusing, and daunting. Enjoy!
