BOB DYLAN - STADIUMS OF THE DAMNED 

Saenger Performing Arts Center (New Orleans, LA); November 10, 1981 (line, remixed) 

Kiss The Stone 056/057 [T-221] 

Original silver discs> WAV (EAC) > FLAC (TLH) 

COMPLETE DISCS, ARTWORK (BOBSBOOTS) INCLUDED

CD 1:

Gotta Serve Somebody, 
I Believe In You, 
Like A Rolling Stone, 
I Want You, 
Man Gave Names To All The Animals, 
Maggie's Farm, 
Girl From The North Country, 
Ballad Of A Thin Man, 
Heart Of Mine, 
Simple Twist Of Fate, 
All Along The Watchtower, 
I'll Be Your Baby Tonight, 
Forever Young, 
Gamblin' Man, 


CD 2: 

Times They Are A-Changin' [cut]
Watered-Down Love, 
Shot Of Love, 
Masters Of War, 
Just Like A Woman, 
Thief On The Cross, 
Dead Man Dead Man,
In The Garden, 
Blowin'In The Wind, 
It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding), 
It Ain't Me Babe, 
Knockin' On Heaven's Door 


Review Bobsboots: 

The Italian Label KTS quickly established themselves as 
the Crown Prince of bootleg CDs in the early 1990's. 
Their beautiful packages, silk-screened CDs, graphics, 
aesthetics, and quality of recordings was surpassing 
the reigning king 'Swinging Pig'. This release is a prime example. 
The double CD was released in the new slim line jewel case with a 12 page booklet of images, 
itineraries, and reviews. Each CD is silk-screened with an image from the booklet. 
The graphics are over the top. 
This represents nearly the entire 28 song show in great soundboard quality. 
The two missing songs are shown grayed out above. 
They had never surfaced among tape traders at the time of this release. 
Each song is very tastefully edited in and out to eliminate in between song down time. 
There is no music lost, but some purists may find it annoying. 
There is also a small amount of white noise (tape hiss). 
The concert recording has since been cleaned up 
and released in an even better quality as 'CHILD'S BALLOON' 

Concert Review 
Dylan delivers a knock-out performance. The gospel material is powerful 
and biting without a condescending edge. 
The older standards are performed with a new fire and passion that 
includes them among the best live versions to date. 
Dylan stumbles on the lyrics once or twice, but adds new lines as well that more than compensate. 
The vocals are crisp are over the top out front and in your face. 
The music is tight, well mixed, and well performed. 
It might be a little dark, murky, and low in the overall mix for some tastes. 
Don't let that sway you from this incredible piece, however. 
Others will find the vocals to music relation pure heaven. 

What I have is what you get, ENJOY!