. 
 
http://www.torrentday.com - Your Key To The Scene.
 
http://www.torrentday.com :  Clean RAR Scene Releases!


Enjoy =)

...................................NFO:....................................

.
                                       
                                      
                                               
                                            
                                          
                                         
                                      
                                       
                                   
                                     
                                     
                                      
                                      
                                      
                                       
                                        
                                       
                                             
                                      
                                 
                          
                       
                    
                      
                   
                       
                       
                        
                         
                         
                      
                       
                     
                       
                         
                           
                              
                                    
                                      
                                            
                                              
                                                
                                                 
                                       
             AGGRESSIVE ARCHIVE FORCE       
                                           
                        
                        
                           
                        
            
                                                                 

                       I.Hate.Mum.2010.WS.PDTV.XviD-aAF

                                                                      
       
                      
                      
                          
                       
            
                                                                 

              Release Date....: 2010.02.16
              Genre...........: Documentary

       I Hate Mum looks into the lives of two boys who are at war with 
       their mothers and follows their progress as they visit a 
       specialist unit dedicated to helping families on the verge of 
       collapse.
       
       Ten-year-old Adam has been violent and abusive to his mum and 
       brother Jake (eight) for the past five years. At school, Adam is 
       able to control his outbursts, but home is a constant battleground.
       
       Adam's anger has been affecting the whole family but family life 
       has not always been that way, explains Sharon: 'He was what I call 
       a perfect son. I never had problems with him at all. It was when 
       Adam turned five or six that his behaviour started to change.'
       
       With Adam's behaviour growing increasingly worse, the family GP 
       has referred them to specialist NHS unit CAMHS in Greenwich - part 
       of the national network of child and adolescent mental health 
       services. Working with the family and closely observing how they 
       interact, the family therapists come up with a programme to 
       connect the family again. But can they reunite mother and son?
       
       Over the past three years, Ryan (16) has been caught stealing from 
       home, been excluded from school and smashed up the house, but the 
       worst of his behaviour is targeted at his mum Cathy.
       
       Ryan lives with his mum, his older sister Annie and his mum's 
       fiance Jamie. He's been going missing from home recently, and was 
       once found sleeping on a night bus.
       
       Ryan and his family have been attending CAMHS for nine months and, 
       although there has been some improvement in Ryan's behaviour, his 
       family still don't trust him alone. Can CAMHS counsellors help Ryan 
       get to the nub of his problems before it's too late?


                             Big up all scene massive!


    
                                       
                GROUP  INFORMATION          
         9 Years of the Force and still    
                      going strong                  
     

           What we are looking for:

           * gigabit euro sites for x264 only
           * Fios x264 rippers or cappers
           * also we have a contest to annouce we are in need of a
           * new nfo ascii artwork design email us with your designs
           * winners artwork will be added as our new nfo
           * dont forget to tag your work
           * If you think you can help contact us on irc
           * or email us at Force@hush.ai