5 split scenes



all 5 screens (+ DVD-covers): 
http://www.cmylink.com/SexWithYoungGirls




Sex and passion are fused together in this amazing new series. 
Featuring the hottest young ladies in some of the most intense and erotic scenes ever filmed. 
These girls don't make love - THEY GET FUCKED! 
The biggest cocks in the world fill their tighest holes with orgasmic results.


 
Actresses

    * Avena Lee                     [Facial]
    * Brooke Ballentyne             [Anal Facial]
    * Cherry Rain                   [Facial]
    * Foxy Lady                     [Facial]
    * Kara Nox
 
   
Scene Breakdowns

    * Scene 1. Cherry Rain, Julian
    * Scene 2. Ben English, Kara Nox, Steve Hooper
    * Scene 3. Brooke Ballentyne, Mark Ashley
    * Scene 4. Avena Lee, Pat Myne
    * Scene 5. Foxy Lady, Julian


REVIEW:

Sex with Young Girls is one of those movies that tells you everything you need to know in the title. There’s no plot setups for the scenes, no interviews to let you know about the girls as people, and barely any tease to get things started. It just gets into straightforward sex between a young woman and a guy or two.

Scene 1 - Cherry Rain and Julian

Cherry starts things out in a tank top and a pair of panties walking over to a glass door. She plays with herself lightly before Julian walks into the room. He enjoys the show while dropping his coat to the ground and walks up to kiss the back of her neck, rub his hands across her body, and start stripping her down. They give each other a slow and sensual oral going over before Cherry hops up to start thing out in the mandatory reverse cowgirl. They keep going through the doggie, cowgirl, missionary trinity before Julian makes Cherry smile by giving her a nice facial.

This is an okay scene, but didn’t quite work for me. The chemistry is okay, but it just seemed a little forced. It also felt like they were trying to be a little too ‘pretty’ rather than just letting the sex flow. Perhaps the problem here was more the camera work than the sex, as it was constantly changing angles going from close-ups to extreme distance shots. It normally framed Cherry very well, but for some reason that I can’t put my finger on, it just seemed to be missing something.


Scene 2 - Kara, Steve Hooper, and Ben English

Dirty blonde Kara starts things out in a lacy bra and panties, diddling herself in front of a glass door while looking like she desperately needs some cock. Her wish is granted why Steve and Ben meet her at the top of a staircase and immediately start admiring her body with their hands and mouth. They work the oral action all around before Steve fucks Kara from behind while she sucks Ben. The guys trade back and forth, as well as move locations, while making Kara a pair of human fingercuffs. They give her a break from cocksucking with a bit of reverse cowgirl, but she goes right back at it when she turns around for cowgirl. Finally, Kara finishes things up letting the guys decorate her small but implanted rack.

This is an excellent scene! Kara has a lustfulness about her that really makes the scene work, and kept my interest the entire time despite the better part of the scene being only one position. This girl knows what she’s doing, and the only mistake I think she made was getting implants. This is a hot and energetic scene, and easily the best in the feature!


Scene 3 - Brooke Balentyne and Mark Ashley

Brooke starts things out in white panties and a white shirt in front of a window. She’s discovered by Mark as he comes down the stairs, but he doesn’t believe that she’s really surprised and didn’t know he wasn’t watching her. He takes control and gives Brooke directions to show off for him before making her ask him to lick her pussy. She swallows Mark’s cock to get him ready before turning around so he can fuck her from behind while spanking her. They work Brooke’s pussy through a few of the common positions before boning her behind from the back as well as in reverse cowgirl. Finally Mark gives Brooke an excellent pop which she tries to take as much of as possible in her mouth.

I had a little trouble getting into this scene at first, but I can’t deny that Brooke and Mark did a great job. There’s some very nice energy and decent chemistry, and by the time Brooke started taking it up her turd cutter I was nicely into the scene. I think the biggest problem here was the music, which was a bit too noticeable for being a style that didn’t seem to fit the scene.


Scene 4 - Avena Lee and Pat Myne

Avena, an Oriental with braces, starts things out blindfolded and masturbating while waiting on a staircase in pink panties and a pink shirt. Pat moves her to a chair and leaves her blindfolded while he plays with her pussy. He keeps Avena blindfolded and drives her nuts working on her slit and clit before letting her suck his cock. Pat eats her ass before fucking her from behind, and then works her through a bit of missionary so he can slap and pink her tits. They finish things up with a bit of reverse cowgirl before Pat lets Avena take off the blindfold for her facial.

This is another hot scene. Avena and Pat seem to be really into each other, and the blindfold is a very nice touch for the scene to make it a little different. There’s nothing overly special about the scene other than that, but it’s still quite enjoyable as well as very strokeable.


Scene 5 - Foxy Lady and Julian

Latin Foxy Lady starts things out in a pink long sleeved shirt and panties diddling herself as she sits against a wall. She doesn’t waste any time pulling out Julian’s cock and sucking it when he walks up to her. Julian doesn’t bother returning the favor, and instead goes directly to fucking her missionary style on an overstuffed chair. They keep things going reverse cowgirl, doggie, and cowgirl style before Foxy Lady hops off takes Julian’s joy juice on her chin.

This was another scene which didn’t quite work for me. Foxy Lady seems to get into it well, but she just couldn’t carry the scene all the way for me. I guess that brings me to what the two scenes in this movie seemed to have in common. Julian had a nice smile and a big cock, but other than that he seemed like he’d be distracted by any shiny objects which happened to be nearby. Yes, he does a passable job, but that’s about it. He seemed worn out and like he was pretty much just there to pay the rent. This is an okay scene, but that’s about it.


Final thoughts:

Although Sex with Young Girls doesn’t completely hit on every cylinder, it’s close enough to be worthwhile. The girls don’t always look too young, especially since I’ve seen a couple of them for a few years now. Tyrone Shuz keeps things fairly straightforward, but adds a bit of slightly artistic camera work and editing to make this a feature that couples can watch if they don’t want to put up with a plot or risk bad acting. The sex is good enough here that it should keep the guys going, and I think the artistic feel will make the women happy while not being so strong to turn off the guys. Kara easily scores the best scene here, with Avena coming in at second. Surprisingly, cover girl Cherry Rain’s scene was the biggest disappointment, but that might have also had a bit to do with my not expecting this movie to have the style it did and needing a scene to get used to it. Sex with Young Girls is a pretty good movie and highly recommended for couples who just want some straightforward sex without worrying about lesbian action, a lot of anal antics, or a plot.



Distributor:   New Sensations
AKA:           Sex With Young Girls 1
Director:      Tyrone Shuz
Released:      2003
Format:        Xvid
Language:      English



3,600+ torrents: 
(ALWAYS with honest screens & detailed info)
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens







