 http://bayimg.com/oAOeCAacH

Voyager (1991) 
Homo Faber (original title)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102050/

Homo faber (Latin for Man the Smith or Man the Maker; in reference to the biological name for man, Homo sapiens meaning man the wise) is a concept articulated by Hannah Arendt and Max Scheler. It refers to humans as controlling the environment through tools. Henri Bergson also referred to it in The Creative Evolution (1907), defining intelligence, in its original sense, as the faculty to create artificial objects, in particular tools to make tools, and to indefinitely variate its makings.

Homo Faber: A Report is a novel by Max Frisch, first published in 1957.

The novel is in the form of a first-person narrative, written by Walter Faber, a successful engineer traveling through Europe and the Americas on behalf of UNESCO. Fabers world-view based on logic and probability is challenged by his falling victim to a series of incredible coincidences.

The novel hits the reader hard as Faber meets each blow inflicted upon him by fate. It is one of the major postwar German language novels, which has received critical acclaim in its translations into other languages. It is a sharp satire portraying the contradictions inherent in the technocratic civilization of the West after World War II.

It has clear allusions to Sophocles Oedipus Rex. The series of hammer-blows inflicted on Faber by fate recall those inflicted on the heroes of Greek tragedy. More than most Greek tragedies, however, it employs irony which, combined with Fabers personal tragedy, are ultimately quite moving.

The Voyager, directed by Volker Schlöndorff in 1991, is based on the novel.

The Voyager (German title: Homo Faber) is an English language motion picture made in 1991. It was adapted from the 1957 novel Homo Faber by Max Frisch. The director is Volker Schlöndorff.

 Sam Shepard ...  Walter Faber 
 Julie Delpy ...  Sabeth 
 Barbara Sukowa ...  Hannah 
 Dieter Kirchlechner ...  Herbert Hencke 
 Traci Lind ...  Charlene 
 Deborra-Lee Furness ...  Ivy 
 August Zirner ...  Joachim 
 Thomas Heinze ...  Kurt 
 Bill Dunn ...  Lewin 
 Peter Berling ...  Baptist 
 Lorna Farrar ...  Arlette 
 Kathleen Matiezen ...  Lady Stenographer 
 Lou Cutell ...  New York Doorman 
 Charley Hayward ...  Joe 
 Irwin Wynn ...  Dick 


It tells the fictional story of United Nations engineer Walter Faber, played by Sam Shepard, a man portrayed as devoted to saving the world through development of massive dams.

With a winding scenario that involves six countries, and a string of hokey Greek-tragedy coincidences, Voyager is doomed to easy derision and a small audience of European-film aficionados. 

Yet this adaptation of Max Frischs Homo Faber, set in the 1950s, has some appeal. To watch Voyager is to remember old-fashioned elements from the European films of that time, the then-exciting work of the Antonionis and Fellinis. International traveler Sam Shepard is sitting dejectedly at an airport contemplating something significant that has happened to him. In classic tragedy fashion, the movie replays all that has preceded this day. 

It is revealed early that he was involved with German Jew Barbara Sukowa in Zurich before World War II. But when she became pregnant, he dispatched her to have an abortion. They have not seen each other since. 

The story is easily predictable, so the less revealed the better. Shepard discovers his friend August Zirner (who has since married Sukowa) has committed suicide in South America, which leads him back to an ultimately devastating discovery. During his travels, he becomes emotionally involved with Julie Delpy (some will recall her from Europa Europa), a sirenish eccentric with whom he falls in love. A second meeting with Sukowa is also in the cards. 

As an Americanized version of Frischs erstwhile Swiss engineer, Sam Shepard is respectable for being effortless. His slightly goofy quality and one-sided knowledge of kilowatts and hydraulics help take the edge off his cover-boy features. Delpys intrinsic mystique (not her acting) suggests the mystery heroines of old art films such as La Dolce Vita. 

ALSO INCLUCED:

Journey to Voyager [interview with Volker Schlondorff]
The Last Sabeth [interview with Julie Delpy]
Rudy Wurlitzer remembers Voyager
Theatrical Trailer
Alternate English language credits
Deleted German language scenes


