Category: XBOX360
Language: Español,English,French
Type:Accion
Format: ISO
Size: 6.20 GB
Date: 02-09-2009

Developed exclusively for Xbox 360 by acclaimed developer Bungie, Halo 3: ODST is a new installment of the hit "Halo" that will allow fans to experience the events leading up to Halo 3 via a computer ODST (Orbital Drop Shock Trooper), while trying to locate the rest of the squad and find out the reasons for the invasion of New Mombasa by the Covenant. Features: New content in campaign mode: The campaign for Halo 3: ODST explores the events that preceded the arrival of Master Chief to New Mombasa in Halo 3. Defend the future of the earth from the fresh perspective of the group of special forces, the ODST (Orbital Drop Shock Trooper), adding a new setting and new gameplay elements to the story that closed the end of the trilogy. A new hero: ODST soldiers are the elite special forces of the UNSC. Known for their strength, courage and madness are the first unit to go into hostile situations. Expansion of multiplayer: No Halo game would be complete without its revolutionary multiplayer mode. Halo 3: ODST introduces a new way to play Halo with "Firefight," a new cooperative multiplayer mode that allows four players to jump immediately into action. As an ODST squad, you will face a constant barrage of enemies, becoming more aggressive. Halo 3: ODST also includes a second disc with three new multiplayer maps for Halo 3, the original maps and Halo 3 Legendary map packs, Heroic and Mythic totaling 24 maps. Endless possibilities for the community: Players can enjoy all the innovations introduced Halo 3 as the ability to save video and image capture, league tables and four-player cooperative. All maps include the Forge editor, offering more customization options than ever. Access to "Halo: Reach": As a special bonus for fans, all copies of Halo 3: ODST will have access to the multiplayer beta of Halo: Reach when available in spring 2010.

original credit goes to the original uploader and remember to seed!!!