Email me if you are looking for an album in Lossless/FLAC (even obscure ones). I'd be willing to send you a link to it if you would share the album on publicbt/thepiratebay after you finish downloading it. My email: centroids1@gmail.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lossless/FLAC
Includes: Log/Cue


[Track List]
1. Division 1:56
2. Pale Horses 3:37
3. Shot In The Back Of The Head 3:15
4. Study War 4:18
5. Walk With Me 4:01
6. Stock Radio 0:55
7. Mistake 3:47
8. Scream Pilots 2:48
9. JLTF 1 1:27
10.JLTF 4:40
11.A Seated Night 3:23
12.Wait For Me 4:13
13.Hope Is Gone 3:31
14.Ghost Return 2:38
15.Slow Light 4:00
16.Isolate 3:28


[Release Notes]
A good year after Moby's last record Last Night he returns with a new album that
has been eagerly awaited by the fans, because Moby has stated that with this
album he's essentially tried to return to making music, for the love of making
music, without really being concerned about how it might be received by the
marketplace.

As a result it's a quieter, more melodic, more mournful and more personal record
than some of the records he's made in the past.
It's also, for better or worse, all homemade, in that Moby recorded it at home,
in his studio on the lower east side, with his friends and drew the artwork with
a black sharpie on copy paper.

The record begins with Division, a two-minute long instrumental that glides
along with whispering synthetic strings. The following track, Pale Horses,
and 2nd single, continues to set the tone for the record with Amelia Zirin Brown
adding, "Put me on the train, send me back to my home. Couldn't live without you
when I tried to roam. Put me by the window. Let me see outside. Looking at the
places where all my family died."

The album's first single, while being instrumental, again confronts the ongoing
sadness that is evident throughout the record. Shot In The Back Of The Head
reveals an interesting inverted loop that works beneath moaning guitar to lend
a picture of moroseness to the music.

Walk with Me continues by utilizing vocals that sound almost like weeping.
Mistake is the album's first vocal track. Where Moby has made a habit of tossing
in a few outliers on his albums, the relaxed Mistake is oddly about as far from
the norm as Wait For Me gets musically.

The album continues through similar trends, JLTF 1 is a beautiful track that
blends deliberate piano with melancholic lyrics, Hope Is Gone is a slow burning
ballad, Ghost Return and Slow Light deliver gloomy keys and Isolate concludes
the record with a tone similar to Shot In The Back Of The Head, if only with a
less energy and a single violin playing in the background.

Regardless of history and intent, what Moby has created with Wait For Me is
intensely personal. While the tone of the album's songs are consistently
reflective, and strikingly dark, as a whole they represent a piece of music that
is the most thorough Moby has created in a decade.
At times you hear Play, and at times you hear Everything Is Wrong, but at no
time can you hear a track that is truly expected.