Dj.Nece's International DJ Mix 23
November is here and I am too with my IDJ mix 23. Last month there was good vibes in my mix but this one goes a bit farther. Two consecutive months on the Movers and Shakers list in my podcast makes this great to do and know that you are enjoying my mixes your support is undeniably great. Here is my tracklist:

Intro
Fight Club You are not your kakis
1. Lektrono-Chica Mala
2. Blome & TigerSkin-Sheila
3. Armin Van Buren feat.Sharon Den Adel-Out Of Love
4. Hamvai P.G-In My Heart(Original Mix)
5. Minimal Freaks-Amped
6. Slam-Ghost Song(Joris Voorn Remix)
7. Starkillers-Able & Uneasy(The Unreal Mix)
8. DHS-House of God(Martin Landsky Remix)
9. Sidney Samson-Riverside(Original mix)
10.Mike Mash-Marimba(Chriss Ortega Remix)
11.Sisko Electrofanatik-No Control
12.Decibel Monkeys-Sight of Summer(Original Mix)
13.Luca Bacchetti-Caribbean(Original mix)
14.Abel Ramos & Miss Melody-Rotterdam City Of Love(Axwell Re-edit)
15.Pawas-Playtex(Daso Remix)
16.Martin Solveig-One 2.3 Four(Popof Remix)

And that is it for November hope that you enjoy and spam it(the mix),blog it,pass it, burn it, email it, put it in your favorite pub,club,bar, and most of all tell your locals about me. For those people that I have emailed and have given me bad vibes just write to me and I will remove you from my list there is NO artist, record label,producer,radio station or anyone signed in too good for me or me for them I am humble about what I do. For that bullish web page,Record label,Magazine and that so callled DJ that has their weak sessions and think they are the bomb well dont worry you are Now out of my mail list I have had good people to deal with and dont need to deal with non professionals Keep slamming doors eventually you will run into a revolving one. Thank you NTX Management (Jesus), Marcie, In My Radio, Victor & German Wandu Records, Sylvia Tosun, Barraca, Glen Friscia, Dinamik Parties,Okulos Anomoly,Dj.Tengo,AudioLoop, and all you artist that have published my podcast in your webpages.I know you guys are busy but you still support this unsigned Dj/Producer.If I forgot someone I am truly sorry and a good example of professionalism is that! spam is not spam when it is YOUR LINE OF WORK and your Job is to listen to new artist!Remember January "IDJ" is changed to "The Nece Within You".
Love
Nece

visit my podcast here is the link:
 
Http://djnece.podomatic.com/
