Title: Muramasa The Demon Blade
Genre: Platformer
Platform: Nintendo Wii
Region: NTSC
File Type: WBFS
Scrubbed: Yes (Game Partition Only)


About this game:
Based on ancient Japanese lore, Murumasa: The Demon Blade plunges players into the mystical Genroku era, ruled by the skilled shogun Tsunayoshi Tokogawa. But this culture is threatened; Tokugawa's thirst for power leads to a conflict over the enormously powerful, though cursed, Demon Blades. Used in hatred, drenched in blood, the cursed blades condemn those who use them to tragedy, madness, and untimely deaths. As chaos spreads, denizens from the netherworld breach their realm as these malevolent swords summon evil spirits -- and the Dragon and Demon Gods as well. Featuring hand-drawn 2D art reflecting the heritage and tone of the storyline, Muramasa: The Demon Blade transports players into a little known mythology, envisioned by the creators of the critically acclaimed Odin Sphere. Players take on the role of a male ninja or female kunoichi, utilizing their ninja prowess to traverse the clever side-scrolling levels that feature vertical progression as well as the traditional horizontal stage advancement.  


NOTE: To play this game you need a chipped or soft modded Wii.

To install & play off disc:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to convert .wbfs file to an .iso file
3. Burn .iso to DVD-R (lowest speed)
4. Enjoy!

To install & play off WBFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download Wii Backup Manager ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=188295  
2. Use Wii Backup Manager to add .wbfs file to your partition.
3. Enjoy!

To install & play off FAT32/NTFS Partition on USB Drive or SD card:
1. Download and install Configurable USB Loader ->  http://gbatemp.net/index.php?showtopic=147638  
2. Create a WBFS folder in the root of your FAT32/NTFS Partition.
3. Copy the torrent download into the WBFS folder
4. Use Configurable USB Loader to play
5. Enjoy!


Please help seed!

Cheers