David Sereda - Differentials, Crop Circles and Anti-Gravity.avi

Duration: 01:50:48
Dimensions: 720x544
Audio: 128kbps mp3
Size: 0.97gb

------

You can stream or download this presentation as AVI, MP4 or OGG online: 
http://www.archive.org/details/DavidSereda-DifferentialsCropCirclesAndAnti-gravity

------- 
http://www.ufocongressstore.com/

2010 UFO Convention Speaker Spotlight: David Sereda

David Sereda will speak at this year’s convention on Saturday, February 27, from 3:30 to 5:30p.m. The topic of his discussion will be: Reverse Engineered UFO Technology

David will present shocking evidence of Reverse Engineered UFO technology with new material from Lockheed Martin Senior Scientist Boyd Bushman, Break-throughs in Differentials, crop circles and more. He will go deeper into his own presentation on Anti Gravity than ever before.

David Sereda has appeared on national news and radios shows. He is a space scientist, ecologist, filmmaker and author focusing on Reverse Engineered UFO Technology. He experienced a daylight sighting of a flying saucer in 1968 in Berkeley, CA and continued to have experiences with the ETs through dreams about alien technology.


----------------------


You can download the e-books listed below (HINT: first part is backwards...)

LRUynit . com / 22uwl8h



---- E-Books ----

- Quantum Electrodynamics and 2012.pdf



Table of Contents
Chapter 1: 2012 - The Thesis
Chapter 2: David Sereda Meets and Angel
Chapter 3: Quantum Mechanics versus Astronomy
Chapter 4: The Galactic Clock
Chapter 5: The Quantum Model
Chapter 6: The Milky Way Galaxy Model
Chapter 7: The planets as particles
Chapter 8: The sun as a particle
Chapter 9: Religious Views


- Differentials, The Hidden Harmonic Codes of the Universe.pdf



Paper on Differentials: Harmonics & Zero Point Energy

Abstract: All Geometry and Sacred Geometry lacks the discovery of differential mathematics and shapes. Without differentials, the universe could not function as a perpetual motion machine.

Newton’s Third Law is Violated by this paper. All opposing forces may appear equal and opposite to each action but they are not; they have differentials. In the quantum universe, all particles have opposite pairs. It is believed these opposite are equal in mass-energy. This will be violated by this new discovery.


- Singularity.pdf



Did God of the Old Testament, Krishna, Pythagoras, Buddha and Jesus speak in a secret language of quantum physics that no one would understand until now? If there is a code that can unlock the matrix of War, Disease, Death, Space and Time, Singularity is it! Singularity unlocks the code to the most profound enigmatic questions human beings face: Where are we in the universal map? How did we get here and why are we stuck here? Why do we face disease old age and death? Why is war part of our reality? Finally, why are we stuck on a small planet, unable to move faster than the speed of light? It is almost as if the material universe has a secret code, that unless discovered and broken, humanity remains imprisoned unable to conquer the vast distances between Earth and other Star systems where intelligent life might exist. Human beings do not have regular, accurate contact with the Divine Architect of the Universe. Why? We are trapped unless we can decode Space and Time.

