AFI - Crash Love Deluxe Edition(EAC FLAC)ResourceRG       
 
AFI - Crash Love Deluxe Edition(EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 2 /28 files with scans cover & disc's 

List Price $19.98 
Category Rock/Pop, Alternative, Punk, Gothic, Rock 
Label Interscope 
Orig Year 2009 
All Time Sales Rank 89225 
CD Universe Part number 7997072 
Catalog number 001338872 
Discs 2 
Release Date Sep 29, 2009 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer AFI; Jacknife Lee; Joe McGrath 
Recording Time 60 minutes 
Personnel Davey Havok - vocals 
Julie Delgado - background vocals 
Dan Under 
Adam Carson - drums 
Nick 13 
Jade Puget - guitar 
Kenna Ramsey 
Luke Wood 

Crash Love: Deluxe Edition CD DISC 1: 
1. Torch Song 
2. Beautiful Thieves 
3. End Transmission 
4. Too Shy to Scream 
5. Veronica Sawyer Smokes 
6. Okay, I Feel Better Now 
7. Medicate 
8. I Am Trying Very Hard to Be Here 
9. Sacrilege 
10. Darling, I Want to Destroy You 
11. Cold Hands 
12. It Was Mine 

Crash Love: Deluxe Edition Songs DISC 2: 
1. Fainting Spells 
2. We've Got the Knife 
3. Where We Used to Play 
4. 100 Words 

[img]http://torrent-stats.info/083a/3de1464.png[/img] 

Goth-punk firebrands AFI follow up their smash 2006 effort, DECEMBERUNDERGROUND, with the propulsive blast of alterna-glam that is 2009's CRASH LOVE. Sticky with epic swaths of melodic rock and just enough swaggering goth-itude to please the ... Full Descriptionemo-tweens, CRASH LOVE is less mannered than its predecessor and reveals a band exploding with a creative power pop and metal spark. Though lead singer Davey Havok's glitter-goth persona is well intact, it seems tempered here with a bit more punkish muscle and '80s pop croon. These songs have madly obsessive hooks along with a sparkling production that never sacrifices the hard rock energy at the core of each song. In that sense, such tracks as "Too Shy to Scream," with its tribal drumbeat homage to Adam Ant's "Goody Two Shoes," and the swooning romantic anthem "Veronica Sawyer Smokes" come as double ice cream scoops of sugary rock bliss. Think equal parts solo Morrissey and the Raspberries. Similarly moving is the pyrrhic mid-album rock ballad "Okay, I Feel Better Now," with Havok's cries of "I died for the last lie/And the heartbreak for the first time/I could not take 'til I made you cry." However, AFI are anything but saccharine, and tracks like the epic fist-pumping leadoff single, "Medicate," with its slabs of distorted Jimmy Page-esque lead guitar lines, and the equally blood pressure-raising "I Am Trying Very Hard to Be Here" are both kick-butt rockers and dancefloor-ready rave-ups. Ultimately, AFI have lightened up the band's darkly sexy vibe on CRASH LOVE and delivered a yearning, perfect pop/rock crush of an album. 

Goth-punk firebrands AFI follow up their smash 2006 effort, Decemberunderground, with the propulsive blast of alt-glam that is 2009's Crash Love. Sticky with epic swaths of melodic rock and just enough swaggering goth-itude to please the emo-tweens, Crash Love is less mannered than its predecessor and reveals a band exploding with a creative power pop and metal spark. Though lead singer Davey Havok's glitter-goth persona is well intact, it seems tempered here with a bit more punkish muscle and '80s pop croon. These songs have madly obsessive hooks along with a sparkling production that never sacrifices the hard rock energy at the core of each song. In that sense, such tracks as "Too Shy to Scream," with its tribal drumbeat homage to Adam Ant's "Goody Two Shoes," and the swooning romantic anthem "Veronica Sawyer Smokes" come as double ice cream scoops of sugary rock bliss. Think equal parts solo Morrissey and the Raspberries and you are pretty close. Similarly moving is the pyrrhic mid-album rock ballad "Okay, I Feel Better Now," with Havok's cries of "I died for the last lie/And the heartbreak for the first time/I could not take 'til I made you cry." However, AFI are anything but saccharine, and tracks like the epic fist-pumping lead-off single, "Medicate," with its slabs of distorted Jimmy Page-esque lead guitar lines, and the equally blood pressure-raising "I Am Trying Very Hard to Be Here" are both kick-butt rockers and dancefloor-ready rave-ups. Ultimately, AFI have lightened up the band's darkly sexy vibe on Crash Love and delivered a yearning, perfect pop/rock crush of an album. ~[The deluxe edition of Crash Love features a bonus disc containing the bonus tracks "Fainting Spells" and "100 Words," as well as demo versions of "We've Got the Knife" and "Where We Used to Play."] ~ Matt Collar 
 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce  
http://thetracker.org:80/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce  
http://www.sumotracker.com/announce 
 
