Camtasia Studio is the complete professional solution for recording, editing and sharing high-quality screen video on the Web, CD-ROM and portable media players, including iPod. With support for a variety of video standards, you can ensure your content delivery now and in the future.
Easily record your screen, PowerPoint, multiple audio tracks, and webcam video to create compelling training videos, screencasts, and presentations without ever leaving your desk. With the power of interactive Camtasia Studio videos, you can deliver high-quality content anytime, to even your most remote audience.
Camtasia Studio helps you keep pace in a mobile world by making it easy to publish videos and MP3 files for iPod and other portable media players. Now your marketing message, screencast, lecture, or just-in-time training video can reach your audience practically anywhere – on the bus, in a coffee shop, or while they’re jogging. Camtasia Studio videos are simply designed to share.

• Intelligent capture controls that adapt to you
• Crystal-clear playback at any size with Camtasia SmartFocus™
• Easy, versatile video sharing with TechSmith ExpressShow™
• Precise editing and butter-smooth onscreen movement
• Professional content without a ton of production time

With the smartest screen recording tools on the planet, Camtasia Studio makes everything from training videos to PowerPoint presentations to lectures look better, reach more people, and pack more punch. Which makes you look even smarter, too.

• Record Anything
Easily create training, demonstrations, presentations, online courses... the possibilities are endless. Connect with your audience by including screen recordings, audio, voice narration, PowerPoint, Picture-in-Picture and webcam video.

• Edit and Enhance
Edit and enhance your video with callouts, titles, credits, zooming, panning, quizzes and additional audio tracks. Camtasia Studio's extensive editing options are at your fingertips.

• Share
Publish in Flash, QuickTime and a variety of video formats, then share on the Web, CD or DVD. You can use the Production Wizard to assist you in choosing the best format and settings for sharing with your audience, or you can have complete control over audio and video codecs and quality, frame rate, color depth, and inclusion or exclusion of special effects. 

Features
 New callouts shine the spotlight on your content
 Add background music with a third audio track
 Deliver screencasts to millions of iPhone and iPod Touch users
 Customize Flash FLV videos with TechSmith ExpressShow™
 Build a Web menu for your videos with Camtasia Theater
 Focus attention with Spotlight and Highlighter callouts
 Add callouts faster, edit them easily
 Set the mood with a music track
 Put your screen recordings on the iPhone
 Customize FLV videos with ExpressShow
 Organize and present Flash videos with Camtasia Theater