Build Rich Applications that Run on the Desktop, the Web, Mobile 
Devices...Anywhere! 

Using JavaFX, developers and graphic designers can work together to 
build robust, immersive applications and deploy them anywhere: on the 
desktop, on the Web, and on millions of Java-enabled mobile devices. 
JavaFX lets you maintain your existing graphics and seamlessly integrate 
them into Java applications. Plus, JavaFX Script is a declarative 
language that allows you to preserve your investment in the Java 
platform while allowing more creativity with JavaFX’s Rich Internet 
Application environment. 

JavaFX™: Developing Rich Internet Applications brings together all the 
knowledge, techniques, and reusable code you need to quickly deliver 
production-quality solutions. Writing for both developers and designers, 
the authors explain how JavaFX simplifies and improves the RIA 
development process, and they show how to make the most of its 
ready-built components and frameworks. 

JavaFX™ covers everything from data integration to multimedia, special 
effects to REST. The authors present a full chapter of code recipes and 
a complete case study application. This book’s wide-ranging content 
includes 

- Building and running JavaFX programs 
- Understanding the role of graphics designers in creating JavaFX 
Graphical Assets 
- Writing fast, efficient JavaFX Script programs 
- Using data binding to simplify Model-View-Controller application 
design 
- Creating rich user experiences with JavaFX visual components 
- Bringing user interfaces to life with lighting, reflection, and 
other special effects 
- Adding motion with the JavaFX animation framework 
- Incorporating pictures, sound, and videos in your applications 
- Creating RESTful applications with JSON and XML 
- Writing JavaFX applications that make the most of the underlying 
Java platform 

The Java™ Series is supported, endorsed, and authored by the creators of 
the Java technology at Sun Microsystems, Inc. It is the official place 
to go for complete, expert, and definitive information on Java 
technology. The books in this Series provide the inside information you 
need to build effective, robust, and portable applications and applets. 
The Series is an indispensable resource for anyone targeting the Java 
platform.

The type of the release is: eBook 
In the PDF format with ISBN: 013701287X and Pub Date: June 11, 2009 
The size of the release is: 03 disks x 2.88mb 
And released on: 07/17/2009
 
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/013701287X/