Overview

User Rating:5.3/10   68 votes » 
Your Rating:Saving vote...
Deleting vote...
/10   (delete | history) 
Sorry, there was a problem
MOVIEmeter: Up 13% in popularity this week. See why on IMDbPro.Director:Hansal Mehta
Writers:Suparn Verma (story)
Suparn Verma (screenplay)
Contact:View company contact information for Yeh Kya Ho Raha Hai? on IMDbPro. Release Date:11 October 2002 (India) See more » Genre:Comedy | Romance See more » Plot:Four young men enter college in order to study and make careers for themselves. They develope a friendship for each other... See more » | Add synopsis » Plot Keywords:College | Sex Symbol | Bollywood | Homoeroticism | 

Cast


Prashant Chianani ...  Ranjit 
 Aamir Ali Malik ...  Rahul 
 Vaibhav Jhalani ...  Bunty 
 Yash Pandit ...  Johnny 

 Deepti Daryanani ...  Priti 

 Payal Rohatgi ...  Esha 
 Samita Bangargi ...  Anu 
 Punarnava Mehta ...  Stella 
 Tarun Anand ...  Esha's boyfriend 
 Gajraj Rao 


Additional Details

Parents Guide:Add content advisory for parentsCountry:IndiaLanguage:HindiColor:Color Certification:India:A Company       


User Review

YKHRH tries hard to be a Bollywood equivalent to the likes of "American Pie" - but fails because the moral starts creeping into the plot fairly quickly. That ruins every attempt to make it a gross-out-comedy. Not that this is bad, of course. What remains is more a teen-version of the enchanting Aamir-Khan-Hit "Dil Chahta Hai". Or even closer: Bollywood's answer to the Israeli smash hit "Lemon Popsicle/Eskimo Limon" (1978).

What's funny is that those two movies are essentially movies about male bonding and the search for women. Therefore they are considered films about men for men. YKHRH however might prove to be more successful with the ladies, mainly because of the cast. Prashant Chianani who plays Ranjiv looks straight out of a Playgirl-calendar and you sometimes get the feeling, the camera is actually making love to his body. The guy who plays Johnny is equally cute.

That all is for the female audience to sink their teeth into - but the men shouldn't be disappointed. There's an attractive female cast, some crude humor and a nice message about male friendship. Not too bad either.

Still, I wouldn't rate YKHRH too hight because with the exception of the first song, the music is highly average. The acting is so-so and the novelty factor rather low. It is entertaining .. that's why I'd give it a rather generous

Rating: 6/10 

COMMENT AND DON'T FORGET TO SEED