 W..W..W . T..R..A..C..K..E..R . A..M..A..Z..I..N..G..B..I..T..S . O..R..G..

Title: Fight Filth-Eating Spirit Ghoul. 
AKA: Krasue Fud Pob
Year : 2009
Director : Nati Phunmanee
Genre: Ghost / Comedy
Runtime: 96 mins
Country: Thailand
Audio: Thai
Subtitle: none
Starring : Inthira Charoenpura, Prangwalai Tepsatorn, Tuarae Chern-yim, Tantikorn 

Tantiwasharodom
 
http://www.ethaicd.com/show.php?pid=48506 
http://www.thaicinema.org/kits176krasuepob.asp

Source: 2 VCDs
File format: DAT
Release date : 9 September 2009

Story :

At one village Bgantrgati. Events are taut when greedy capitalist (fat invited 

smile) cooperation with heart trouble shaman (soybean invited smile) used black 

magic to force top sexy young ghoul (heavenly pagoda Sathorn bracelet) away the 

people from all villages. But the filth-eating spirit young and very beautiful, 

very grateful good (sand move between keys) to help them every time. Both are swing 

each disorder. Pound together immensely. Is the source of. "Filth-eating spirit 

struggle ghoul". 

Stress disorder and complicated story began last sweet confusion when teachers 

(teacher's teacher at the City) suitably bright young professors of a university 

has a group of revolutionary students, including the open condemnation (population 

medicine Busarakamwong Thai) students taking beautiful Sun (Tanti organizations. 

Robert Tanti Wanch smell) handsome young student body is smart ideas range. And 

confidence in their lot. Who compete for funds from the foreign country. To come to 

study in Thailand.

With pale bug (National Wuh glorious Supr) and mushrooms (Theerasak race close call 

victory) intimate partner good-natured comedy with steam at the Rio (with the right 

kind Nwwit) to the Telecommunications Circuit (Nant legislation private people) 

friends of Tahiti. the glass part and Chaba (g Val you look Opchns million), the 

young students of color regularly. All decision to travel to sculpt and paint the 

Bgantrgati in the provinces. The unknown yet. Sensational events embracing all 

people of the village is at the filth-eating spirit and ghoul. In most capitalist 

with shaman. Ghoul is ordered to kill people in all villages. As well as exquisite 

and teachers have found that these student ID "is what Soi" by coincidence or not 

all will survive. How to close all the stories. Everyone will love the track in 

hopes fulfilled or not "fight filth-eating spirit ghoul".
