File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 4000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.

"Piano in the Dark" is a song written and performed by Brenda Russell. It was a single from her album Get Here, released in February 2, 1988. Backing vocals by Joe Esposito, Grammy-nominated for Best pop Duo. It was her second charting single on the Billboard Hot 100 (So Good, So Right her first hit, charted in 1979), peaking at number eight on the Hot Black singles Chart and number six on the Hot 100. "Piano in the Dark" was also a top 30 hit in the UK (#23).

Brenda Russell (born Brenda Gordon, April 8, 1949, Brooklyn, New York) is an African American singer-songwriter and keyboardist. Known for her eclectic musical style, her recordings have encompassed several different genres, including pop, soul, jazz and adult contemporary. As well as composing her own material, Russell's songwriting talents are often in demand by many other artists who, over the years, have included Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, Earth, Wind & Fire, Joni Mitchell, Donna Summer and Sting.

Released in 1988, Get Here became her greatest commercial success, spawning her biggest hit "Piano in the Dark" and garnering three Grammy Award nominations. The title track went on to become a worldwide hit when covered by Oleta Adams in 1991. After releasing two further albums in the early 1990s, Russell took time off from recording her own music. During this period she composed songs for other artists and wrote the score for the film How Stella Got Her Groove Back. She also appeared in the 1999 film Liberty Heights in which she performed two songs written especially for the movie.

Russell resumed her solo career in 2000 with the critically acclaimed album Paris Rain, released on Hidden Beach Records. The album (which includes collaborations with Carole King, Dave Koz and Sheila E.) saw Russell move completely away from the pop market and toward a more adult oriented sound. In 2003 she signed to the new UK label Dome Records and released the compilation album So Good, So Right: The Best of Brenda Russell. Her 8th studio album, Between the Sun and the Moon, was released by Dome the following year.

2005 saw the Broadway release of a musical stage version of Alice Walker's The Color Purple. Produced by Oprah Winfrey, the show's score is written by Russell and lyricists-composers Allee Willis and Stephen Bray.

Russell's forthcoming ninth studio album, This Is Real Life, is set for release in 2010.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

