Torrent Information - Review Lecture Session 4 - Math.zip
Torrent managed and seeded by Erasariel

Technical Information

Found in:

The Pirate Bay (http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5582580)

Trackers: 6

**Please take note that the seeder may not be active at all times**
-------------------------

Contents:

Name							Size

Information.txt						1.65 KB
Review Lecture Session 4 - Math - Part 1.wav		33.4 MB
Review Lecture Session 4 - Math - Part 2.wav		18.8 MB
Review Lecture Session 4 - Math - Part 3.wav		14.7 MB
Review Lecture Session 4 - Math - Part 4.wav		4.60 MB
                                                       ---------
                                                        71.6 MB

Content Synopsis:

This is a series of four recordings of the Mathematics review session hosted by Ma'am Orate in Ofelia Orate Review Center, Quezon City, Philippines, on the 22th of May, 2010. This review session covers most basic and fundamental topics in algebra such as the concept of polynomials, synthetic division, and so on. Part 4 is a short recording of the checking of papers in the diagnostic exam given out near the end of the session; however, since there was no discussion made, there is almost nothing to be had in Part 4. Also take note that Part 1 starts hastily since I came into the class late, and might have missed around two to five minutes of discussion (however, the discussion was just about to start when I came in, apparently). Please take note as well that there might be some parts in which it seemed as if a whole part was cut. In these parts, the recorder was paused in order to save time and to keep the recordings short (if it was running when we took the exercises and the exam, it'd be much longer!).

As with all other recordings, most of the spoken language here will be in Filipino. There will be no alternate soundtrack for other languages.


Before anyone asks, these recordings have been executed with permission from both the authorities and the teacher. This is an original recording and has not been "ripped" from any source. You may seed and help distribute this file, but please do not use this for any purpose other than academic (and especially not commercial).


Enjoy the download!

Erasariel