File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"Fight for This Love" is the first solo single by British pop singer Cheryl Cole, best known for being a member of British girl group Girls Aloud and a judge on reality TV show The X Factor. The song was written and produced by Wayne Wilkins, Steve Kipner and co-written by Andre Merritt. It was released as the first single from Cole's debut solo studio album 3 Words on 16 October 2009. It charted at the top spot on the UK Singles Chart and the Irish Singles Chart and went on to be the fourth best-selling British single of the year.

The music video was directed by Ray Kay and was filmed in early September 2009. ITV1 premièred the video at 12:15am on 20 September 2009. The video stars Cole dancing in front of various moving backgrounds in a number of outfits, most notably a soldier-themed outfit with a red military jacket. There is a sequne in front of moving bars like in Chipmunk's hit Look For Me. There is also a dance sequence in which Cheryl, wearing leopard-print bottoms, and a number of dancers perform a routine.The main colours of the video are red, white and black. Also the music video has Scored over 13 millon views onKay commented on the filming that:

    The recordings went very well, and Cheryl was fantastic to work with. I drove her very hard at the shoot, and it was very difficult on her part. My job was relaxing in comparison. We made the video in London, with a lot of focus on fashion and dance, with very tough choreography, before putting it all together in Los Angeles afterwards. I have a strong feeling that this will be a # 1 for Cheryl in England!

"Fight for This Love" was Cole's first entirely solo release outside of pop group Girls Aloud, following an appearance on will.i.am's "Heartbreaker" in 2008. The song initially came to Cole in demo form with a male vocalist. Cole said she "knew instantly it was a single", having "connected with the song so well".

The song received its worldwide radio première on 7 September 2009 on BBC Radio 1's The Chris Moyles Show. On 18 October 2009, Cole performed the song for the first time on The X Factor's live results show. It was the first time that Cole had performed by herself on TV since participating on Popstars: The Rivals. There were reports that the performance would be pre-recorded, but Cole insists she performed the song live. The show, which also featured Whitney Houston, drew a record audience of 14.8 million to The X Factor, making it the most watched episode in the show's history. Cole also performed the song on T4.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

