Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"The Night Chicago Died" is a song by the British group Paper Lace, written by Peter Callander and Mitch Murray. The song reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for one week in 1974 and also reached number 3 in the UK charts. It is about a fictional shoot-out in Chicago between gangsters tied to Al Capone and the Chicago Police. The narrator retells his mother's anguish while awaiting news of the fate of her husband, a Chicago policeman.

"The Night Chicago Died" was Paper Lace's follow-up single to "Billy, Don't Be A Hero", a #1 hit in the U.K. but virtually unheard in the U.S. where Bo Donaldson and the Heywoods' cover reached #1. Callander and Murray wrote both songs.

The U.S. single received a Platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America, signifying sales of at least one million copies. Though the song's story is set in America, Paper Lace were unable to perform the song live in the U.S. at the height of its popularity because of contractual issues.

"The Night Chicago Died" is a work of fiction. Although it references the notorious Chicago mobster Al Capone and his gang by name, no such massive police shootout took place during Capone's reign as the head of the city's organized crime  syndicate. In fact, Capone's criminal career ended quietly in 1931, when he was convicted of income-tax evasion and weapons possession.

The song's events supposedly take place "on the East Side of Chicago." Unlike the North, West, and South Sides, which divide the city into three general and commonly referred-to regions, East Side is, in reality, a small local neighborhood several miles south of downtown Chicago, not far from where Al Capone lived (at 7244 South Prairie Avenue).

While the song is entirely fictional, probably the most notable contemporary real-life event in Chicago resembling a massive shoot-out involving Capone's forces as depicted by the lyrics would be the famous St. Valentine's Day Massacre of 1929, an encounter between Capone's men and a rival Chicago gang rather than the police, and it took place on the city's North Side in February instead of "in the heat of a summer night."

The songwriters said in interviews—most notably on Beat Club shortly after the song's release—that they had never been to Chicago, and that their knowledge of the city and that period of its history had been based on gangster films.

Paper Lace did send the song to Mayor Richard Daley, who was not impressed with the song and greatly disliked it.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/