Pack containing all the currently scanned titles and issues published by Virgin Comics.  

Virgin Comics LLC was founded in 2006 by Sir Richard Branson and his Virgin Group, author Deepak Chopra, filmmaker Shekhar Kapur, and entrepreneurs Sharad Devarajan, Suresh Seetharaman, and Gotham Chopra, with the aim of producing stories (many of which are Indian-culture related) for an international audience.  In September 2008, it was announced that Virgin Comics was renamed Liquid Comics after a management buyout.  No further comics have been published since this time.

Virgin Comics' initial lines were their flagship Shakti line, the Maverick (later Voices) line and the Director's Cut imprint. 


Shakti
The Shakti line ("Shakti" means "power" in Sanskrit) feature Indian mythology, art, history, classical stories, and other related themes, often with a modern twist. Its debut titles - two of the first three to see print from Virgin Comics - were Devi and The Sadhu.  Devi was written by Siddharth Kotain, and featured "a modern take on a very ancient myth", in which title character Devi becomes a "warrior of the light" after the pantheon of gods re-birth her in response to the "the rapid decay of the city of Sitapur" caused by "fearsome renegade god Bala." The Sadhu, written by Gotham Chopra himself, is a story of revenge, from an individual who "was once a Sadhu - what, in the East, they call mystics."
Other Shakti titles include:

Ramayan 3392 A.D.
India Authentic
The Tall Tales of Vishnu Sharma
The Asura Analogues
Project Kalki
Beyond
Blade of the Warrior: Kshatriya
Buddha: A Story of Enlightenment


Director's Cut
The Director's Cut line is designed to showcase the work of film directors, and effectively give them an unlimited budget to create works that might be more difficult to realise on screen.  It sees directors such as Shekhar Kapur, Guy Ritchie and John Woo creating comics.
Titles include:

Dock Walloper (Edward Burns project)
Gamekeeper (Guy Ritchie project)
The Megas (Jonathan Mostow project)
Seven Brothers (John Woo project)
Snake Woman (Shekhar Kapur project)


Voices
The Voices line (formerly known as the Maverick line) is intended to feature new talent, as well as presenting comics by actors and musicians.  The line's first release was in December, 2006, and written by Eurythmics frontman Dave Stewart.  Dave Stewart's Walk In #1 was loosely based on "Stewart’s real-life experiences as a young man doing stage shows as "Memory Man" and - during this time of his life - suffering from odd moments of memory loss himself". It was scripted and expanded by Jeff Parker, author of the acclaimed comic Interman.  Other titles include:

Voodoo Child (Nicolas Cage project)
The Stranded (joint venture with the Sci Fi Channel)
Shadow Hunter (Jenna Jameson project)


Released on  http://ComicPirates.info