File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 8000 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


This video has no logos or titles.


"My All" is a song written by American singer Mariah Carey and Walter Afanasieff for Carey's seventh album, Butterfly (1997). It is built around a Latin guitar, Latin chord, and also makes subtle use of Latin percussion in the first chorus, before taking on a more conventional contemporary R&B-style beat. Its protagonist declares she would give "her all" to have just one more night with her estranged lover. It was released as the album's fifth and final single in 1998. It was produced by Carey and Afanasieff with keyboards by Afanasieff and producer Dan Shea. "My All" was mixed by Mick Guzauski. "My All" at the time set a record, giving Carey her thirteenth number-one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, the most by any female recording artist.

The single's video, shot entirely in black and white and on location in Puerto Rico, was directed by fashion photographer Herb Ritts before he died. The video (released in March 1998) starts with Carey lying on an overturned rowboat in the ocean and progresses to her exploring the beach past flowers and a beam from the beach's lighthouse. The images of Carey lying in the shell and in front of the flowers were inspired by Sandro Botticelli's painting The Birth of Venus. The video climaxes to a scene where Carey and her lover make love, but then ends with Carey alone. The video was later re-edited to portray intimate kissing and caressing before its release as the official video for the Classic Club Radio Mix.

Although "My All" was the fifth single released from Butterfly, it was only the second commercial release in the U.S. It was released worldwide beginning in April 1998. In the U.S., it was commercially released as a double A-side with "Breakdown" (the album's third, radio-only U.S. single). In June 1998, a remix maxi-single entitled "My All/Stay Awhile" was released. "My All" became Carey's thirteenth number 1 single on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, making her the female artist with the most U.S. number 1 hits (she had previously shared this record with Diana Ross & the Supremes). It debuted at number 2 (her second to do so following "Always Be My Baby" in 1996), and two weeks later it ascended to number 1. It spent one week at the top of the chart, from May 17 to May 23, 1998, Carey's only one-week stay at number 1 at the time.

"My All" continued the trend in Carey's singles begun with "Honey" (1997) of strong sales but moderate radio airplay, which worked against its chart performance because the formulations made by Billboard magazine during this period were becoming much more focused on radio airplay than sales. It spent twelve weeks in the top ten and a total of twenty weeks on the chart, was certified platinum by the RIAA and was ranked 16 on the Hot 100 1998 year-end chart. The single was only a moderate success outside the U.S., achieving top ten peaks in the United Kingdom, France and Switzerland, and reaching the top twenty in many other countries.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/

