Please help to seed this torrent when you are completed as my ISP has a monthly limit that I always max out on since I have over 50 torrents that I seed for you all. My ISP is going to terminate my service if I max out my monthly limit, so I just can't continue to seed all by myself so often. PLEASE help to seed. Thank you.  :)



This is one of those GREAT groups of the early 80's that you've probably never heard of or don't remember. Their debut album had two minor hits - 'Don't Run My Life' and 'She Can't Wait', with the second attaining moderate playtime on the fledgling MTV. I absolutely LOVE their first album, and never heard their second album until I purchased this compilation CD with both albums on one CD.

I still prefer the first album, and I'm still disappointed that this group never received better recognition for how GREAT their first album was. The media and recording industry being the pile of garbage that it was and still is, it's no wonder this group faded away after such a wonderful start.

I couldn't find any biography online about the group so I did a copy and paste from someone that has the CD available online. Remember, if you REALLY enjoy it, you CAN always purchase it - after all, I eventually did. See, being able to find and download obscure albums online from decades past isn't always such a bad thing.  ;) 

"Formed in 1981 by ex-Foreigner keyboard player Al Greenwood and bassist Ed Gagliardi (they left Gramm & co after "Head games"), SPYS set forth to deepen and further explore the then impopular pompous symphonic aspect of their rolemodels, who (covertly) operated within the progrock scene. On their debut they came up with an impressive batch of bright, upbeat songs, dominated by Greenwood's lush keyboards, with stabbing guitars, a solid backbeat, multilayered vocals and colorful arrangements. Well engineered by top-flight producer Neil Kernon, it abounded in finest AOR/poprock in typical early '80s style, with John Blanco's signature voice providing an instant means of ID. To single out the specific highlights is a tough assignment, but top honors should perhaps be awarded to back-to-back winners "Ice age" (cool lyric), "Danger" (beautiful piano intro, excellent buildup) and "Over her" (featuring an over the top chorus), runners-up being "She can't wait" and the memorable "No harm done". Sole ballad "Hold on (when you feel you're falling)" tugs eloquently at the heart strings."



More of my music & movie downloads that you may find of interest are located here:  http://thepiratebay.org/user/rubusdemonoid/

