E X T R O A D i N A R Y
                        
                          r E V E R S E
                        
                       E N G i N E E R S
                      
                   S Q U A D
                    
                P D A
                  


                                                                         
        P  R  O  U  D  L  Y       P  R  E  S  E  N  T  S . . .       
                                                                         


            
              Fingertip.Access SmartProfile
            
        
      
       Release Group ........: ErESPDA
  
        Version ..............: v4.0.1     
   
          Operating System .....: S60v3.SymbianOS9.1
      
         Release Type .........: Unsigned.Cracked
   
         Release Date .........: 09/12/09   
      
             Filename .............: fa023       
        
      Disks ................: 01 disk(s)
 
 
                                                                       
                                  Description                          
                                                                       


        SmartProfile enables your phone to work under proper profiles           
        automatically according to your time schedules, calendar/agenda         
        or your locations. For example, you may need your phone to be           
        silent from 11 pm to 5 am every day, and be in a meeting profile        
        from 10:30 am to 11:30 am every Monday, all you need to do is to        
        set up the schedules using SmartProfile,and then the application        
        will take care of setting your phone to use proper profiles             
        automatically. You can also let your phone switch to proper             
        profiles based on your location, for example, switch to a               
        meeting profile at home from 9:00 pm to 6:00 am every day, or           
        switch to a silent profile in a theatre, then just let                  
        SmartProfile remember the desired locations and it will manage          
        proper profile schedules for you. You can also let SmartProfile         
        turn on proper profiles based on your calendar events.                  
                                                                                
        SmartProfile supports multiple ways of saving the locations of          
        your interests. For example, you can use a Bluetooth device as          
        an indicator of a location, such as a Bluetooth enabled laptop          
        at home, a Bluetooth dangle in your desktop; you can also use           
        the availability of a WiFi network as a sign of location change,        
        for example, a WLAN in your office building. Finally, you can           
        also simply use your phone's own wireless connection as a               
        location indicator.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                



                                                                       
                                  Installation                         
                                                                       


        Register with any 10 Digit Key.                                         
        & Have phun :)                                                          
                                                                                



                                                                       
                          How to Install Unsigned Apps                 
                                                                       


       Step 1: Make sure you have a file browser installed, it is running
       and nothing else. Do not use the built-in Symbian browser,
       but a program like X-Plore (free version works too).

       Step 2: Send HelloCarbide and installserver.exe to your phone
       (S60v3 Device). Do not open them yet.

       Step 3: Close any programs that may be running on your phone,
       except the file browser.

       Step 4: Install and Run HelloCarbide.sis. Now go to options,
       then to menu1. Keep Pressing the selection key untill it crashes.
       This is normal. You will have access to the system/private folders.

       Step 5: Use the file manager to copy installserver.exe into the
       c:sysbin folder of your phone. This allows you to install
       unsigned apps.

       Now Simply send the Unsigned Releases from ErESPDA to your phone
       and install without any complications. ^_^
                                                                              
                                                                              
                                                                      
                     - -- --- ----  Group  Info  ---- --- -- -              
                                                                             
                                We are looking for                        
                                                                         
                 - Crackers for all Operating Systems                 
                                                                      
                 - Quality suppliers                                 
                                                                      
                 - Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with       
                                                                        
                 - Anything else you think we might like              
                                                                       
                       e r e s p d a  a t  g m a i l . c o m            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
    
     - ยง  i i -b  -p   K - R  M -t H  -w  R L D -o F -1 3 3