Season 2, Episode 1: A Minority of One 
Original Air Date—9 January 1994 

DI Jack Frost investigates a series of commercial robberies. He's assisted by DC Carl Tanner, a black officer recruited by Supt. Mullett to encourage racial balance on the local force. When Frost makes an arrests on the local housing estate, Mullett's only concern is the culprit's racial background as he's concerned that the area not become a racial powder keg. When Frost's informant on the estate is killed, the case becomes a murder investigation, but all of the suspects are black and racial tensions are on the rise. In the course of his investigation, Frost determines that his informant had a number of secrets. 

Season 2, Episode 2: Widows and Orphans 
Original Air Date—16 January 1994 

DI Jack Frost investigates a series of burglaries directed against old age pensioners. Things take a serious turn when an elderly woman is badly beaten. On examination however, this case doesn't fit the pattern of the others and may not be related. As well, the victim was very difficult and disliked by many, including neighbours and community volunteers. The case takes a nasty turn when another elderly victim is found dead, with the potential to create a panic among the public. Frost concludes that the second victim knew her attacker and proceeds to eliminate all possible suspects, one by one. 

Season 2, Episode 3: Nothing to Hide 
Original Air Date—23 January 1994 

Frost investigates the death of a young junkie, Ben Cornish. He is assisted by DC Costello, recently demoted after a punch up with a superior officer. The pathologist initially believes that Cornish choked on his own vomit but the autopsy reveals that he was beaten to death. Cornish had been in a good deal of trouble lately. He had stolen from his sister, he was harassing a local doctor and had been forcefully evicted while squatting in an abandoned house. A chance comment from a police constable gives Frost the vital information needed to bring the case to a close. 

Season 2, Episode 4: Stranger in the House 
Original Air Date—30 January 1994 

A sexual predator is on the loose in Denton. There have been a series of rapes and in all cases, he has broken into a home and waited for the victim to come home. The only exception is Emma Fox who, while driving home late one evening, finds that a man has hidden in the back seat of her car. The same evening, 17-year old Alison Cook has gone missing.A girlfriend thought she saw a man in an upstairs window but assumed it was her dad and thought nothing more of it. WPC Hazel Wallace is assigned to Frost and he decides to set a trap. Meanwhile, Frost is invited to a reunion in London for all Victoria and George Cross holders and the Chief Constable lets it be known that he expects Jack to attend. Only problem is that Jack has no idea where he's put his medal and can't find it.