Resident Evil (Biohazard in Japan) is a survival horror game by Capcom and is the first game in the Resident Evil series. It was originally released in 1996 for the PlayStation and has been subsequently ported to the Sega Saturn and PC, then re-released twice on the PlayStation in the form of a Director's Cut. In 2002, a remake of the game was released for the Nintendo GameCube featuring new graphics and voice acting among other significant changes. A Nintendo DS port of the original, with added modes and the subtitle Deadly Silence, was released in early 2006.

While not the first survival horror game, its success propelled the genre to new heights of popularity and was the first game to coin the term.

Note: W

hile attempts have been made to reconcile plot elements between the 1996 and 2002 versions, there may still be some discrepancies.

The original game opens on the evening of July 24, 1998 in the fictional Midwestern town of Raccoon City where a number of grisly murders had taken place on the outskirts of town. Victims were attacked in their homes by a group of assailants with evidence of cannibalism. Baffled by the strange nature of the cases, the Raccoon City Police Department sent in the S.T.A.R.S. Bravo Team. Their mission was to investigate a mysterious mansion out in the woods... A mission they would not return from.

After contact was lost with their compatriots, Alpha Team quickly mobilized to find out what happened. Alpha Team located the downed Bravo Team helicopter, but only one body was found- the pilot Kevin Dooley, dead in the helicopter. The other six members were no where to found... Alpha Team quickly spread out to look for clues. As the group fanned out, Joseph Frost located a severed hand clutching a pistol. Frost was quickly beset by a pack of Cerberus and fatally mauled. Alpha Team pilot Brad Vickers panicked and flew off with, stranding the remaining four members: Captain Wesker, Barry Burton, Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine. 

Resident Evil 2 (ã