Fatal Fury - Mark of the Wolves for the Sega Dreamcast              Rel. 11/23/2001


Format:	      CD-R NTSC-USA
Lang.:	      English
Discs:         1
Image:         CDI
Gener.:        2D-Fighting
Selfboot:      Yes
Requirements:  Dreamcast Console, or DC Emulator.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works. 


Important: Some later versions of Sega dreamcast consoles supposedly won't allow
           utopia or copies of games, not sure if this is true but to be on the 
           safe side try to use a console manufactured before october 2000.  You
           can find the manufacture date on the bottom of the console on the     
           sticker in fine print just look for it. Of course the only way to know
           is to just try it on your dreamcast.



Game Description:

Legends never die...legends...are forever...

It's been several years since Geese Howard was defeated in a battle with Terry Bogard, a young man looking to avenge his father. Rather than looking to be saved from death after falling off his office balcony, Geese instead decided to die, and left behind his young son, Rock. Terry took Rock in and became like a big brother to him, raising the boy throughout his life.

Now Rock is a teenager, and Terry is a man in his 30s, and both are about to come together in a new clash...new faces and old come together for the greatest battle yet!


Game Pics included.


Burn with Alcohol 120% or Discjuggler (Both included in download).

In Options enable overburn disc in Alcohol or DiscJuggler. 
(Do this for all DC games)

Set Write Method To Raw/Dao and burn at 4x Speed for Alcohol 120%.

If you wanna burn using DiscJuggler Set Burn settings to Raw Write Mode 2 2352 
CD-DA or Mode 1 2048 Raw Write and burn at 4x Speed.


Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't working.

(No CD-RW will not work).


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!