Date:
05-17-10

Host:
George Noory

Guests:
James Van Praagh, Ryan Mauro



Medium James Van Praagh discussed his encounters with spirits of the deceased, their perceptions of the Other Side, their unfinished business and regrets, and their advice for the living. In describing what happens when we die, he said people feel a sense of peace and tranquility, and they are always met by loved ones-- "no one ever dies alone." Van Praagh shared his own NDE: "there's a sense of oneness...that we do all belong...there's a universal tapestry and each one of us has a tether at the top of our head which touches that tapestry, and we're all connected."

Some spirits don't realize that they're dead, and remain in denial for a time, he explained. Many spirits have told him that their death was related to their addictions, and he advised people to deal with their addictions while on the earthly plane, so that they won't be caught up with this on the next level. In order to communicate with a deceased person while in the dream state, Van Praagh suggested that before going to sleep, ask that person to show up. "Send out that thought and let it go. And when you least suspect it, when you're not trying to control it, they will come into your dream state and you will see them."

When spirits come through to Van Praagh, they sometimes offer warnings to their loved ones about certain things, such as business deals or looming medical problems, he noted, adding that they have accurately foreseen the need for someone to see a doctor for a particular condition. At a demonstration at a hotel for 100 people, a man's deceased son came through to ask for help for his father who was battling alcoholism. The spirit thanked his father for putting his name on a tattoo, and the father pulled up his shirt and revealed that he did have a tattoo across his chest in Gothic letters-- "My Beloved Son, Michael."

Security & International Affairs
Last hour guest, intelligence analyst Ryan Mauro talked about security and international affairs. State sponsorship is playing a larger role in terrorism these days, he remarked, adding that bin Laden's family is being "held hostage" in Iran, as a way for them to maintain control over Osama. Mauro also shared that he worked with the Christian Action Network on the documentary, Homegrown Jihad, which exposed terrorist training that is taking place in the US.


Website(s):
•VanPraagh.com
•worldthreats.com
Book(s):
•Unfinished Business: What the Dead Can Teach Us About Life
•Ghosts Among Us
•Meditations with James Van Praagh