Source: TV

File Info:

Video: MPEG-2 video , 720x480, 29.97 fps, VBR (Constant quality), Maximum 6124 Kb/s
Audio: Dolby Digital, 48000 Hz, Stereo, 448 kbps


"Never Too Much" is a song by the late R&B singer/songwriter Luther Vandross. The song was released in 1981, as the title track of the album of the same name. The title track hit number one on the soul singles chart and peaked at number thirty-three on the Hot 100. "Never Too Much" also peaked at number four on the dance charts. The album, Vandross's first as a solo artist, was popular, although it failed to sell in large numbers initially. Sales were boosted by his other chart successes and, eventually, by his death. A remixed version of the song reached #13 on the UK singles chart in October 1989.

The single is also included on his later album Luther Vandross - The Ultimate, which was released in 2001. The single was released alongside a music video in which he is shown singing in a recording studio.

The song was used in the soundtrack for the Rockstar Games title, Grand Theft Auto: Vice City on the in-game radio station Emotion 98.3.

The beginning minute of this song is used in the WKRP In Cincinnati episode "Fire" from Season 4, until it is unceremoniously cut off by Les Nessman when he reports that the Flimm Building is on fire.

In 1996, guitarist Craig T. Cooper covered the song off his album "Romantic Letter." In 1997, contemporary jazz guitarist Richard Smith recorded a take on the album "First Kiss." In 2004, urban jazz guitarist Paul Jackson, Jr. recorded a cover for the Vandross tribute album, "Forever, For Always, For Luther." In 2005, it was covered by Mary J. Blige for another Vandross tribute album entitled So Amazing: An All-Star Tribute to Luther Vandross.

Never Too Much is the debut solo album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross, released in 1981. It peaked at number nineteen on the Billboard 200 (then known as Pop Albums), and went double platinum by the RIAA. The album earned Vandross two Grammy Award nominations in 1982—"Best New Artist" and "Best R&B Vocal Performance, Male". The album's title track topped the Black Singles chart for two weeks. Also, his rendition of Dionne Warwick's 1964 "A House Is Not a Home" became one his signature songs, while it received attention for its transformation into an "epic" since its duration was extended to seven minutes.


My Videos:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/2nafish/