With This you can:

Chat online with video effects, headgear gadgets, & avatars
Share webcam videos and photos via Facebook &
Record in HD with advanced facial tracking technology
Give live presentations and capture desktop in real-time
Download thousands of free effects at DirectorZone.com

And much more!!

info:


Engaging Video Effects
Funnier than ever, your webcam's favorite software companion, NEW YouCam 3, is packed with cool video effects for online live chats and video recording. Endless hours of fun are in store for you.

Headgear gadgets NEW: Get your head in the game with new headgear gadgets for role playing as a Chinese opera singer, nurturing nurse, or belligerent viking. YouCam's new facial tracking technology tracks head movements with fine precision.
Scene Effects NEW: Make the scene with YouCam's new background effects. Are you ready for supermodel stardom, as your visage is plastered on billboard ads in Times Square or Piccadilly Circus?
Video recording themes NEW: Automatically apply a range of themed effects for your videos! Perfect for birthdays and all kinds of special occasions.
Emotional stamping & stomping IMPROVED: Take control over your online emotions when chatting and recording live.
Sweet 16 Avatars MORE: With 16 doppelgangers to choose from, find a suitable alter ego for your online chats. YouCam's new facial tracking technology maps your facial expression accurately so smile away.
Thousands of effects at DirectorZone: Featuring uploaded content from thousands of creative users, find lots of new frames and templates for your videos daily... Learn more
Webcam Recording
In this day and age of ultimate self-expression, YouCam 3 is a clever way to create videos on your favorite topic—You!

HD webcam recording IMPROVED: In combination with YouCam, create high quality videos and photo snapshots.
Facial Tracking Technology NEW: Sophisticated facial tracking technology, auto zooming, and automatic correction of poor lighting are all the tools you need for wrapping up your entire production using a one person crew.
Home surveillance IMPROVED: Maximize security at home with your webcam and YouCam 3's built-in surveillance features. Automatically activate recording when motion is detected. YouCam will promptly notify you by email.
Make it snappy: More than videos, snapshot features are ready to be utilized for your web display photos, desktop wallpapers, printed docs or via email. Capture single shots or a burst sequence by setting the number of shots you want to take... Learn more
Sharing Via Facebook &
What's a star without a stage? The world's 2 biggest online stages are at your beck & call. Take full advantage of YouCam's easy sharing options.

Facebook | Exclusive NEW: YouCam 3 is the first and only webcam software to offer direct uploading to Facebook, enabling sharing of videos and photos on today’s most popular and fastest growing social network.
Fit any size onNEW: You now have more publishing options forwith support for both standard/letterbox (4:3) or widescreen (16:9) sizes... Learn more


 Live Presentations
You can share files much easier and even increase productivity with YouCam.

Sharing PPT files: Communicate more effectively and make live presentations using your instant messenger software. Share photos, presentation files, and videos with PC desktop video capturing.
Desktop capture mode NEW: Create easy-to-follow demos for illustrating software operation or step-by-step tutorials in completing tasks... Learn more
Touch & Hardware Support
Designed for the latest touch systems, YouCam 3 features a host of support for high-definition and touch requirements:

Touch interaction: YouCam's new interface design supports single-touch interaction, making online activity feel more intimate.
Webcam compatibility: The latest HD webcams are supported allowing for capturing of high quality videos and photo snapshots.
Perfect for netbooks & nettops: YouCam 3 supports full optimization for the latest netbooks and nettops... Learn more

YouCam 3 has been tested to meet all of the technical requirements to be Compatible with Windows® 7. Windows and the Windows logo are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.