Eagles - The Long Run (EAC.FLAC) 

all music files are in flac format 
with cue & m3u files bitrate at 1024 kBit/s 
# of Discs 1 /13files 

Category Rock/Pop, Country Rock, Rock 
Label Rhino 
Orig Year 1979 
All Time Sales Rank 175804 
CD Universe Part number 7549755 
Catalog number 401404 
Discs 1 
Release Date Dec 04, 2007 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Bill Szymcyzk 
Engineer Bill Szymcyzk; Ed "Radar" Marshal; Dave Crowther; John Swain 
Recording Time 42 minutes 
Personnel Joe Walsh - vocals, slide guitar 
Don Henley - vocals 
Timothy B. Schmit - vocals 
Don Henley - vocals 
Glenn Frey - guitar 
Don Felder - organ 

1. Long Run, The 
2. I Can't Tell You Why 
3. In the City 
4. Disco Strangler, The 
5. King Hollywood 
6. Heartache Tonight 
7. Those Shoes 
8. Teenage Jail 
9. Greeks Don't Want No Freaks, The 
10. Sad Cafe, The 


THE LONG RUN, the Eagles' long-awaited follow-up to their hugely successful HOTEL CALIFORNIA, was the celebrated group's final studio album. By the time THE LONG RUN was released in early 1979, the laid-back West Coast rock scene that The Eagles ... Full Descriptionhad dominated throughout the decade had pretty much run its course. Many of the biggest rock groups of the era -- including The Eagles--were incorporating new influences into their music and toughening up their sound. 

While similar in feel to HOTEL CALIFORNIA, THE LONG RUN is a far more diverse album that features an immaculately crafted set of songs ranging from the soulful pop of the Don Henley-sung title track and "I Can' t Tell You Why" to tough, country-influenced rocker "Heartache Tonight" and the epic, dynamic "In The City." Even though Don Henley, Glen Frey and Joe Walsh would all go on to lead successful solo careers in the ensuing years, they would rarely better the polished pop on THE LONG RUN. 

Recorded at Bayshore Recording Studio, Coconut Grove, Florida. 
 
http://tracker.torrentbox.com:2710/announce  
http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce  
http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce  
http://denis.stalker.h3q.com:6969/announce 
